Chapter 1 - Meeting New Friends It was a fine Saturday afternoon in mid September in Washington D.C. The streets of the nation's Capitol were overflowed with residents and visitors to the many attractions the area had to offer. Meanwhile, inside Tysons Galleria, an upscale mall located 15 miles west across the Potomac River in the neighboring state of Virginia, our heroine Lizzy was cheerfully strolling down the walkways enjoying the colorful displays of the many affluent stores. She was wearing her favorite worn out sleeveless aquamarine summer jumpsuit, exposing her feminine, toned shoulders and arms. Her curly brown hair was disheveled; she had tried to tame it by tying it back with a ribbon, but it was an impossible mission. She had no makeup or jewelry and her rosy cheeks and pale shoulders were sun burned from her jog that morning. She possessed a youthful look and natural liveliness which gave her the appearance of a carefree teenager instead of a successful 21 year old college student. She spotted her best friends Charlotte and Jane with a group of people she hadn't seen before. When she approached them, they stopped their conversation to wait for introductions. With her usual cheerfulness, Lizzy couldn't wait to show her friends her new purchase. She removed it from the bag and showed it to them exclaiming, "Jane, Charlotte, you will not believe what I found at J. Crew, an Iridescent Rose Top! Isn't it so very shiny? It fits me so perfectly, as if it was made to order for me! I can't wait to find an occasion to wear it!" Charlotte smiled and Jane was amused with her friend's habitual candid remarks, sometimes it felt as if the smallest details were so special to her. One of the ladies from the group, her name was Caroline Bingley, snickered softly and with an air of superiority commented, "while that looks fabulous, I doubt J. Crew custom makes its garments. For that you would have to go to a dressmaker. I can suggest one if you like, although that may be a little too expensive, and dare I say, too exclusive for you." Charlotte immediately disliked this lady and she noticed that Lizzy was preparing a strong response. To avoid an unpleasant scene, she decided to interrupt. "Lizzy, allow me to introduce our new friends, this is Charles Bingley, his sister Caroline, his other sister Louisa and her husband James Hurst. The gentleman next to Charles is William Darcy. This is our good friend, Elizabeth Benes, Lizzy." Lizzy bowed slightly and with a soft smile said, "a pleasure to meet you all." Caroline snickered again and disdainfully replied, "the pleasure is all yours". Caroline's mocking tone was starting to sound insulting and sensing the tension in the moment, her brother Charles decided to intervene. "Caroline, can you please behave? Lizzy, I am very happy to make your acquaintance, and that blouse you found seems to be very pretty indeed." While looking at Jane, he decided to make a bold move. "We are on our way to Danielle's Desserts here at the mall to enjoy some of their delicious cupcakes and I would love if you all can come with us, my treat." Lizzy felt that Charles was making an effort to compensate for his sister's rudeness. She decided to hold her tongue and take the hint from her friend. Jane was so focused on Charles that she missed the interactions between the others, but she noted Lizzy's discomfort. She blushed a little while smiling and responded kindly, "Oh, Danielle's is Lizzy's favorite, especially the bread pudding with whip cream that is so delicious, Charlotte, Lizzy, what do you say, shall we go?" Charlotte sensed Lizzy's strong feelings of dislike for Caroline and trying to avoid a potential conflict, quickly responded with, "you go ahead with our new friends, Lizzy and I will continue our shopping and we'll see you later." She held on to Lizzy's elbow and practically dragged her away from them, heading to a big department store. Charlotte tried to distract her friend but was unsuccessful. Lizzy was still very upset. "Charlotte, why didn't you let me defend myself? Who is that horrible woman and how can she be so malicious toward someone she has never met in her life?" "I'm sorry Lizzy, I know you well enough to know that you would have exploded and given her a piece of your mind. And I would have been very happy to oblige you because it would have been well deserved." "Then why didn't you?" "For Jane's sake." While they were talking, Caroline and Darcy entered the store. Charlotte saw them first and whispered to Lizzy, "here she is again, she just came into this store. Please don't do or say anything, I will explain later." She pushed Lizzy behind a rack of clothes. "Let's hide." While they were hiding they overheard a conversation between the couple. Caroline was snickering again, "and what do you think of their friend Lizzy? Jane said she's from Puerto Rico and is living with them. Imagine that!" Darcy replied in a monotone, "Perhaps she's their pet project, or their charity case. She seems to be an unsophisticated adolescent with no sense and not much maturity." "I agree, and when she showed us that ordinary blouse, it seemed as if she had never shopped anywhere that fashionable before. Even in this mall, with Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom, J. Crew seemed to her like the most exclusive fashion dressmaker. Made to order for her, ha! That was pathetic! And her appearance, so shabby, what do you think of her?" "She is not handsome enough or tolerable enough to tempt me to seek any further acquaintance with her." Caroline smiled with satisfaction and said, "you are too cruel Will. Though if Charles continues with this new infatuation with her friend Jane, we may have to be in her company again." Darcy forcefully responded, "then we can't allow that, can we? Jane is probably as immature as her. We may have to separate Charles from those people." They continued talking and moved away and Lizzy was no longer able to hear what they were saying. She was on the verge of tears. "Oh Charlotte, I have never experienced that much cruelty in my entire life. They assumed all that from just meeting me and from a simple remark I made. And that horrible man! To be so abusive and unkind, without knowing anything about me." Charlotte knew that she needed to lift Lizzy's spirits and she said, "Lizzy, you are the total opposite of a charity case. We both know that you can buy anything you want from anywhere; you could even buy the whole store if you wanted! You shouldn't listen to them. Besides, there are many rich and famous people in New York and in DC who would die to have your cutting-edge sense of style! Can you imagine what Ms. Heart would say if she heard that woman?" With this comment Charlotte was rewarded with a tiny smile from Lizzy. "And you are not handsome or tolerable enough? What a joke! You are so gorgeous Lizzy! Just remember all the stares and all the flirtations you receive all the time, even when in company of the goddess Jane. That doesn't happen to any other lady that we know; never to me! Even when you try to hide your beauty and your assets, men are still attracted to you. He also said you have no sense! No maturity! What a load of crap! You are the flippin Valedictorian for your flippin graduating class at flippin Georgetown University for Pete's sake! And what about your volunteer work with One World Youth Project? Think about that. They are both prejudiced, ridiculous, pompous and snobby. I am so proud to be your friend because you have every right in the world to be like them, but you are not anything like those two." Lizzy calmed down after listening to her friend, and her mood improved a little. "Thank you for your kind words Charlotte, but I may not be chosen Valedictorian, I still have to pass a few classes with high honors." "Lizzy, we both know that's a given! Shall I mention your GPA, or all the societies you already belong to since last year? The Beta Gamma Sigma, the Alpha Sigma Nu, shall I continue?" "Until it's official, I rather not let others know about this." "Sorry Lizzy, we are so proud of you, this is the first thing we mention when talking about you. Please give us this satisfaction, even if you don't acknowledge it." Lizzy was overwhelmed with Charlotte's support and decided to change the subject. "What did you mention about Jane? Is there some kind of attachment between Jane and Charles, after such a brief contact?" "It seems that Jane had met Charles before, or at least they seemed to recognize one another, although they weren't on a name basis. When they met here in the mall, I went ahead and introduced myself and Jane. I wonder what those scoundrels might have said about me! But Charles appears to be smitten with Jane. Did you notice when he was talking to us, he was continually fixed on her?" "I didn't notice." With a sad smile she added, "I was too distracted. But is he as nice as he seems to be? Are you sure he is not like his sister and friend?" "Not likely, he's been very nice all the time. Didn't you notice how he defended you?" "Yes, and I was grateful to him for his kind remarks. At least one person in his party seems to be good and kind. Although I don't know about the other couple, his other sister Louisa and her husband James I believe, right?" "Yes, they may be nicer than the snobby couple." With a mischievous smile Lizzy replied, "the pompous twins, William and Caroline, the WC; ha!" Charlotte was proud to have helped Lizzy feel better. They continued shopping and browsing. After two more hours they were ready to leave. They went to look for Jane to go back to their apartment. Jane was still with Charles and his friends. Lizzy had regained her normal good humor, but the moment she saw them, she cringed. Charlotte noticed this and whispered to her, "remember: the WC." This immediately brought a smile to her face and she was able to bear being in their presence again. When they saw the couple approaching, a silent tension was felt by all. Charles was the one to break it. "Lizzy, I'm so glad to see you again, Jane told us you are a senior at Georgetown University. This is wonderful! Will and myself are Hoya alumni, so we have something in common. She told us you're majoring in Finance. What are your plans after graduation?" Lizzy was grateful to Charles for his effort to compensate for his sister's incivility, but she was in no way appeased with the others. She looked at them, especially the hateful duo. Caroline was smiling. 'She's probably waiting for me to say something stupid.' William was another story, he was very serious, looking at Lizzy intently, as if he was studying her. 'He's looking for more defects and reasons to belittle me in his prejudiced snobbish little mind.' Lizzy had very specific plans for her future, but at that moment she wasn't inclined to share them with those two. All she wanted was to get away from them. They made her feel so inferior. She had never felt that way before because she had never heard anyone say so many hostile and contemptuous things about her. She was angered and at the same time, she was very anxious. In her tumultuous mind, all she could come up with was, "I don't have any idea what I will be doing after graduation. I'm not sophisticated or mature enough to make such a monumental decision on my own. Since I don't have any sense and I'm only a charity case, or maybe a pet project, I will probably need a lot of assistance!" Jane interrupted her, "but Lizzy, what are you saying?, you do..." "No Jane, I don't, and I would appreciate not discussing my future among strangers, can we please go now? Good bye." After saying this she turned around and walked fast to the mall exit. She was very flushed and was about to cry again, but she didn't want those brutes to see this weak side of her so she continued walking at a fast pace without looking back until she reached the car. Meanwhile, back at the Mall, Charles was confused, Will was humiliated, and Caroline was smiling triumphantly. "So she is also a snoop." At that comment, Charlotte couldn't stand it anymore. "A snoop you call her? So then I am also a snoop! And everyone in that store is a snoop because we could hear you both loud and clear! Were you trying to have a private conversation while uttering your biased and malicious opinions? No, please don't answer that. Are you both in the habit of making assumptions about people so soon after an acquaintance without knowing anything about them? And are you always so cruel and abusive?" Taking Jane by the elbow, a flushed Charlotte forced her to leave with her without saying goodbye to the rest of the people. At first Charles was confused about the whole situation, but then, as the facts dawned on him he was extremely angered. "Caroline, Will, can you tell me what did you say about Lizzy?" Caroline had an air of indifference, "we didn't say anything bad, we were only speculating about her, nothing malicious." "Nothing malicious? Darcy, please be honest and tell me what you said about her?" "Well, just like Caroline said, we were just expressing our opinions. We didn't have any facts, and besides, that wasn't meant for her ears." "So is that how you excuse your arrogant behavior? You don't have to tell me what you said, because after hearing Lizzy and Charlotte, I can imagine the nature of your opinions! Charlotte is absolutely right, why would you even say anything without knowing the facts? And you scream it to the world! Is your ego so inflated that you think yourself so superior from everybody else? Do you feel you have the right to say anything you want and dammed be the world if they hear it and they don't like it?" Darcy was now getting aggravated and responded, "Charles, now you are offending me!" "So, I'm offending you? I tell you Will, I've know you for such a long time and you are my good friend, but sometimes I am ashamed of your haughtiness and your false sense of superiority. You and Caroline are so much alike; you both should stop this nonsense and get married. You would make the perfect couple, perfect in every way, sitting in your mighty throne and judging every little person around you!" Caroline was smiling at this outburst from Charles, but Darcy was doubly mortified. Before anyone could respond, this time it was Charles' turn to leave. "I will go talk to Jane and her friends. Hopefully I will be able to have a nice conversation with them without the two of you!" After Charles left, Caroline smugly said, "Well, it seems that Charles has lost his mind again over another pretty girl. Now she will turn him against us, his own family and his best friend! I think we will have to stop him again from making a fool of himself before it's too late. And all because we made some innocent and honest remarks about her friend. She didn't have the right to be eavesdropping into our private conversation. She's so impertinent!" Louisa was trying to be patient but she finally got fed up with her sister. "Caroline, I can't believe you! You didn't know anything about Lizzy and from the very first moment you saw her all that has come from your mouth has been your absurd disdain. Why? And you Will, I know that you are a good person, but today you sunk very low in my esteem. Would you please excuse us? We're going with Charles." James nodded to his wife and they took off after Charles. They found him in the parking lot. He was very tall and his red hair was easy to spot. He was having an animated conversation while leaning next to the driver's side of a car. It was a late model navy blue BMW convertible with the top down. The license plate read LIZZY21. They came to the car and noticed that Lizzy was in the passenger seat quietly listening to Charles. She was smiling as if nothing had happened. Without waiting, Louisa came to her side and exclaimed, "Lizzy, we are so ashamed of my insensitive sister and our friend. I just gave them a tongue lashing! Please allow me to tell you that James and myself in no way agree with any malicious remarks voiced by those two. If you give us the opportunity, I would like for us to be friends and prove to you that we are not like them. Please say you will?" Lizzy smiled at Louisa and responded, "I appreciate very much your kind words. Both of you have restored my faith in humanity. I already forgot everything and as I was telling Charles, I'm looking forward to our future friendship. Thank you! We have to get going now. Again, thank you and we will see each other soon. Goodbye." Charles was satisfied with the outcome of his effort and was very gratified to see his sister standing up for herself. She was usually very subservient to Caroline's whims. Louisa remarked, "hopefully we will see our new friends again." "I hope so too sister, Jane is the most gorgeous woman I have ever seen. She looks like an angel! And Lizzy seems to be a remarkable lady as well." On the way back home, Charlotte explained to Jane everything that the duo had said. Jane was appalled. "I can't believe that there can be so much cruelty in people. Are you sure you heard them right? I don't know what to think. I'm so sorry Lizzy. My mind can't register that anyone could say anything less than admirable things about you. You are so beautiful, so smart, so mature, so fashionable! And you don't live with us, we live with you!" "Thank you Jane, you don't have to feel sorry, it's all forgotten. I am so happy for you! I think Charles is a great guy, he's very nice and very handsome, and he seems to like you very much." "I like him too. I met him recently but I was too timid to approach him and he also seemed shy. Today was the first time we were able to talk. By the way, thank you for the introduction Charlotte. You're bold. I still feel terrible for everything, but in a way I'm happy to finally have made his acquaintance." Charlotte said, "we are both very happy for you Jane, but in the future, please keep us away from the WC." "The WC?" "Yes, William and Caroline, the Water Closet!" They all had a good laugh and by the time they arrived at the apartment they were very happy. It was Jane's turn to cook and she decided to make one of Lizzy's favorite meals to cheer her up. When they arrived at the apartment, Lizzy went to her room claiming she had a slight headache and remained there the rest of the night. Jane was concerned, but Charlotte told her it was all right. She knew Lizzy needed time alone to unwind. She also knew Lizzy was going to call her dad and tell him everything that happened today. That was also something that Lizzy needed to do.
Chapter 02 - Introductions Puerto Rico has been a territory of the United States for more than a hundred years. This third largest island of the nation is located in the northeast corner of the Caribbean and the southeast tip of the Bermuda Triangle. The Caribbean Sea touches the south portion of the island and in the north the Atlantic Ocean commands its presence. It was in a small town on the north coast of this island, overlooking the mighty Atlantic, where our heroine lived most of her life. William Darcy's assessment of Lizzy's status was way off when he called her a charity case and a pet project. Elizabeth Benes was in fact, born into a very rich family from Puerto Rico, where she had experienced a privileged and sheltered life in a very large estate. Since she was born, all her wishes and needs were satisfied either by her family, or by the loyal staff employed at the estate. Mrs. Sylvia R. Benes, a lady originally from Massachusetts, doted on her daughter. She had big plans for her precious child. Since she was a little girl, Lizzy had private tutors for singing, playing piano and tennis. She enjoyed playing difficult pieces, although the duets with her mother gave her the most pleasure. She fought hard in the court against her older brother; he wouldn't give her an inch. She savored the very few occasions when she would win a set against him. Her father was her number one fan and she loved singing for him. She was very gifted, but she wasn't interested in any of those activities well enough to consider them as her true calling. She only performed in front of her relatives and closest friends within the confines of her estate. Her mother was very proud of her and wanted Lizzy to display her talents to the world. She wanted to prepare her daughter for the role of a rich heiress. Eventually she would meet a wealthy gentleman that would place her in the position she deserved. But Lizzy would have none of that; she had other wishes for her future. She was a modern woman, and as such her main goal was to study, have a career, and eventually work with her brother or her father. Mrs. Benes loved her sweet daughter so much that she would never force her to do anything against her will. So, as long as Lizzy indulged her and became very accomplished, her mother promised that she would never pressure her to do anything that would make her uncomfortable. Therefore, Lizzy's wonderful talents remained a hidden treasure all these years. If her mother was nurturing, Lizzy's brother and father treated her as if she was a princess. There was nothing she wanted that they wouldn't give her or do for her. She could have very easily become a selfish, conceited, spoiled brat. Fortunately, her parents also taught her the importance of humility and the evils of pride and vanity. Lizzy was very intelligent, perceptive, and a studier of character. She learned very early in life that people responded better and were more loyal if she treated them with honesty, respect, and genuine affection. It became a way of life for her. Her parents were very proud because more than her beauty, her intelligence, and all her talents combined, Lizzy's kindhearted personality was her greatest asset. Lizzy loved her family very much but she felt like she was living inside a bubble. She wanted to experience life more fully like a regular person, have needs and fulfill them by herself. She wanted to encounter roadblocks and work hard to accomplish her goals, suffer disappointments and succeed thru personal triumphs. From pre-k thru high school, she went to an exclusive private, English based school in her hometown of Dorado, The TASIS School. During her senior year, she asked her parents to allow her to go to a university away from home and to let her live as much a normal life as she possibly could. With her advanced English skills, proficient grades, near perfect undergraduate admission test scores, and unlimited financial status, she had many universities to choose from. After many negotiations, they agreed to allow her to go to Georgetown University in Washington, D.C., where she applied and was readily accepted. Lizzy's father, Mr. Roberto Tomas Benes Senior, Señor Tomas, was a very wealthy and successful real estate developer and investor who owned a number of five-star hotels and large properties in Puerto Rico and in Florida. In addition, he owned a series of smaller bed and breakfasts lodgings that were situated in exotic locations between those two places, and other business ventures; all within his corporate umbrella, Benes Real Estate Corporation, BRECO. He wanted his children to one day assume the responsibility for the management of his company; they were both very intelligent and capable. Lizzy was still in college and her brother was pursuing other interest at the moment. Both children were still relatively young. In the meantime, Mr. Benes was giving them time to complete their education, mature, and experience life outside the confines of the family. Roberto Tomas Benes Junior (Robbie) was a 25 year old investment banker for a well-known Wall Street firm in New York City. He was completing his PhD in Statistics at NYU. His father was very proud of him, but they both knew that eventually Robbie would have to choose between his current occupation and returning home to take over the family business. Or step aside and allow his sister to take control. Robbie had an occasional girlfriend, but he wasn't interested in a serious relationship at this stage of his life. He had Lizzy to accompany him at social events, so he was never lacking a partner and he was happy with that situation. Besides, with his busy full-time job, and his demanding PhD studies, he didn't have time for anything else. Since Robbie also spoiled her to no end, Lizzy didn't want to live very close to him. The relative distance from Washington D.C. to New York City, about five hours by car, was ideal. The distance seemed smaller with Robbie's private airplane or an occasional charter, but he would use this means of transportation only in special occasions. Mr. Benes traveled frequently to visit his children and he would bring their mother during those trips. When her parents had agreed to allow her to move to Georgetown, they insisted that they would choose her residence after her freshman year. She had been living at home all her life, with all the advantages of having a large staff cater to her every need. They wanted to give Lizzy all the comforts in the world in spite of her wishes to live a less opulent life. Three years ago, she entered Georgetown University as a freshman. That was the first time she had been away from home by herself. When Lizzy arrived at her first year Residence Hall, she had insisted on going alone, she was lost and disoriented. But then she had the providential good fortune of meeting the roommate that the university matching system had selected for her. Charlotte instantly became her best friend and protector. On the first night in their tiny apartment at Village C West, Lizzy confided all her secrets and dreams to this virtual stranger. Charlotte, understanding Lizzy's frame of mind, decided to help her new friend adjust to her new life as much as she possibly could. Charlotte Lucas, at 22, was barely a year older than Lizzy but very mature for her age. She was also pretty, not to the scale of Jane or Lizzy, but agreeable to the eye. She had her share of admirers but never took them seriously, dating occasionally, with no serious attachments. She was originally from Upstate New York. Her father, Mr. William Lucas, had been the mayor of Rochester when Charlotte was a young girl. He was retired and living with Charlotte's mom in a lake house in the Finger Lakes. Charlotte had been a girl of means. She thought she had everything, but after experiencing Lizzy's world, she understood the real meaning of never lacking anything. When Robbie began visiting Lizzy, he met Charlotte and they immediately formed a very strong partnership based on their mutual desire to help Lizzy grow emotionally and succeed in all her goals. Lizzy's relatives were very grateful to Charlotte for the help she provided to Lizzy that first year in college. Charlotte's first advise to Lizzy was to keep her status concealed from others because there were many people who would have been more than willing to use her just for her money and her connections. Robbie agreed with Charlotte and for the first time in her life, Lizzy began to feel like a normal person. She felt liberated! On her first visit to a fashion store in a mall, when she saw all the woman's clothes, she was overwhelmed with all the choices. She wanted to buy everything. Charlotte patiently advised her to be a lot less expressive and to limit her purchases in order to fit in better. She adjusted well, but sometimes the old Lizzy would surface, as it did that fateful day at the Tyson's Galleria Mall. For Charlotte it was normal to hear Lizzy make comments like that; she really had most of her clothes made to order! Jane was also used to Lizzy's peculiar remarks, as if she was a little girl dreaming of being a princess. Of course, Jane didn't know Lizzy was quite a princess! On the summer after her freshman year, Lizzy enjoyed a month long vacation with her mother throughout Europe. Mrs. Benes was an enthusiastic art lover and she took her daughter in an adventure of discovery to appreciate some of her favorite original paintings and sculptures. Mr. Benes took advantage of the opportunity, and with Robbie's help, purchased a building in Georgetown. Longbourn Apartment Villas was an upscale apartment complex with a beautiful ten acre park in the back of the building, and a larger wooded field behind. Mr. Benes knew that Lizzy would be reluctant to accept this living condition. That was the reason why they had negotiated the housing situation before she had moved to Georgetown. Her family expected a long-drawn battle because she had specifically asked them not to find a special place for her to live. The dreaded rebellion was immediately crushed by the sight of the winding footpaths surrounded by the abundant greenery, the small hills throughout the park, the promise of the many jogs surrounded by the luscious forest, and most notably: the idea of being able to witness the changing of the seasons from her comfortable balcony. It was a case of love at first sight. Lizzy was a nature lover and this place was a paradise to her. Lizzy didn't want to live by herself and together with Robbie they convinced Charlotte to move in with her. Since the apartment was so big, it had three large bedrooms, each with its own bathroom; they decided to find another roommate. And that's how they met Jane. Jane Preston was truly an angel in every sense of the word. She was a gorgeous blonde with a very sweet nature. At 23, she was a year older than Charlotte. Jane never had a bad thought and always saw the best in people. That made her a bit naive and prone to be taken advantage of. However, it also made others want to protect her as if she was a delicate flower. She went to Georgetown University to complete a two year advanced computer programming certificate. She responded to an ad for a room vacancy and went for an interview with Lizzy and Charlotte. From the moment they met her, they knew that Jane was going to be their perfect roommate. From the beginning of their friendship, Jane had admitted that she couldn't be trusted to keep confidences. For that reason, Lizzy's status was concealed from her. Apart from this concealment, the three friends became like sisters. Lizzy was charging Jane a reasonable monthly fee for her share of rent and utilities. Lizzy was putting all that money in a special investment account which had been setup by Robbie. Eventually they were going to return it to Jane with the interests and dividends gained all those years. Lizzy and Charlotte thought that Jane could be a good match for Robbie and tried to set them up. The couple went on a few dates, but very soon discovered that there was no spark; their personalities were too different. Jane was always so sweet, gentle, accommodating and predictable. Robbie wanted a little more independence, wit, and self-confidence. They were better suited as friends so that's how they remained. Lizzy previously had tried to set up Robbie with Charlotte, but apart from innocent flirting, they seemed to behave like siblings. Lizzy knew it was a lost cause, but she had a faint hope that maybe one day, Charlotte could become a real sister to her. After her second year at Georgetown University, Charlotte was forced to drop out. She was struggling to keep up with her studies and her full time job as office manager of a lobbying firm near the Nation's Capital. Lizzy tried to persuade her to quit her job; she even offered to pay her schooling and expenses. But Charlotte was too proud to accept, and as she put it, her main goal was to have a good job and this was the field she preferred. This job allowed her to remain in the apartment with her two friends. She promised Lizzy that one day she would go back and complete her degree. After Jane received her programming certificate, she found employment in the D.C. area as a software designer for an architectural company. She also stayed in the apartment. This was Lizzy's last year and after graduation she was planning to remain in Georgetown to complete a Law degree also in Finance. Her objective was to find related employment in New York City close to Robbie, or return home to work on BRECO. Those goals began to collapse that horrible day at the mall when she met Charles Bingley's friend. Charles Bingley had a Law degree and an MBA from Georgetown University and worked in Darcy's company in Washington D.C. The Bingley siblings were raised by upper middle class parents from Maine. They gave their children, those who wanted it, the best education money could buy. At 28 years of age, Charles was a very friendly guy always with a sunny character. He was very generous and had a magnetic personality which made others like him almost immediately. This served him well in his life and career. An idealist at heart, in many occasions he had fancied to have found the woman of his dreams, only to be disappointed by them. He had seen Jane one day during lunch in a restaurant, and fell in love from the moment he saw her. Jane noticed his look and liked him too. Charles wanted to introduce himself but he was tongue tied in her presence. He had lost hope to ever see her again until that glorious day at the mall. Louisa, at 30, was the oldest Bingley sibling. She became a dentist and married her high school sweetheart, James Hurst, an ophthalmologist. She was pregnant for the first time and they were looking forward to having their own family. From an early age, Caroline Bingley, 23, had shown an innate maliciousness and a strong dislike for hard work. She had always been attractive and very popular. People liked her because she had a strong personality and was very stylish. Accordingly, she was always considered to be one of the coolest girls in school. For a long time she had decided that with her great beauty, remarkable talents, awesome personality, and fashionable looks, she would have no trouble finding a rich husband to help her achieve her goal to be the perfect high society wife. With this objective in mind, she decided school wasn't important and instead focused her energy on learning to play the role of a rich wife as she understood it. She learned to sing and play the piano. She played golf, tennis... she even went skiing once. She wasn't prodigious, but was acceptable. What she lacked in technique, though, was more than exceeded in style and appearance. She developed an air of superiority, hauteur and elegance. Her brother's connections allowed her to mingle with people of the highest circles in Washington D.C. and she learned to behave like them. Her biggest catch was going to be Charles' best friend, Will Darcy. William F. Darcy, 28, had more in common with Lizzy than with anyone else in his small circle of acquaintances. He also came from wealth and privilege. He lived with his mother and sister in a big mansion near the Capitol. His father died when he was a junior at Georgetown, leaving him as the heir of an extensive estate with properties in the U.S. and Great Britain, and the owner of a successful business consulting company headquartered in Washington D.C. The firm's principal vice president took over management until Darcy completed his Law Degree and passed his bar exam. Upon getting the command of the firm, at the tender age of 25, Darcy became the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Darcy Enterprises. His first decision was to hire his longtime friend and college partner, Charles Bingley, as his Chief Operating Officer. Darcy immediately applied his innovative ideas, business acumen, and steadfast leadership. Charles contributed his effective marketing strategies and power broker skills. Together with a hardworking and very efficient staff, in just three years they expanded the firm to achieve a much higher degree of success than it had ever seen. This success, combined with his blue-blooded origin, allowed him to develop a strong sense of self importance and superiority that went to his head. Although he was convinced that Caroline was not the sort of wife he had envisioned for himself, he had decided that maybe she wouldn't be so bad. At least he would have a beautiful wife who would know how to behave in his high society circles. Caroline was under the impression that it was a matter of time before Darcy would propose to her. In the meantime, she was more than happy to assist him in keeping all potential rivals away from him. Darcy was very reluctant to make her an offer, because deep inside he had a lingering desire to find his perfect match -a woman he could both respect and love with passion. So far he hadn't found that woman and he was leaning towards choosing Caroline; until that humiliating day at the Mall. When Darcy realized that Lizzy had overheard him, he was angry with her for using his own words to embarrass him. After Charlotte's angry outburst and Charles' rebuke, he felt ashamed of himself. Initially he had believed that his statements were truthful and honest. He abhorred disguise and everything he said was in a spirit of frankness. His opinion changed very quickly when Lizzy was no longer just a plain, foolish girl with pretty eyes, but a senior in no other place than Georgetown University. Upon careful observation, he noticed that her face was indeed very beautiful, her nose well proportioned, her lips very sensual, her skin soft and rosy, and her shapely body perfectly symmetric in every way. But when he observed her angry eyes, her fiery, dancing eyes, he was enchanted with the intensity and the light brown coloring emanating from them. As he continued his observation, he was amazed at how his first impression had shifted so much in such a short time; from contempt and condescension, to anger, respect, and finally, sheer admiration. After Charles advised him to marry his sister, Darcy was filled with disgust -mostly with himself. He realized that he had behaved just like Caroline and very contrary to the principles that had been instilled in him by his parents all his life. For the first time in many years he allowed some feelings that were dormant, to come out through his subconscious mind and make an appearance into reality. They made him feel so uncomfortable that he quickly returned them to their long hibernation.
Chapter 03 - The One World Youth Project When Lizzy tried on the pretty blouse she had purchased at , she loved how it felt and how it fit her. She admired it in the mirror; the display of rainbow colors emanating from the threads was surreal! What a shame, since she knew she would never wear it because of all the painful reminders it came with. She bit her lower lip, and with a look of resignation, tossed it in the trash. Charlotte found it the next day, rescued it, and stored it in her room, hiding it from her friend. She was sure that one day Lizzy was going to be able to look back and not feel so strongly about the whole situation. She needed to develop a thicker skin to continue her road to independence. One day, a very special day, Lizzy would proudly wear this top! She was amazed at how ideal her friend's life had been up to that day. 'Poor Lizzy, you go thru life for 21 years and never hear a single negative remark uttered against you, and all of a sudden you get an onslaught of criticisms and insults from that pair of lowlifes! What a sheltered existence you've had, my dear friend. No wonder you wanted to escape. You wanted to experience life; but not like that. It's not fair. Oh, how I despise those two!' The only positive aspect of this ordeal, even if it was painful at that moment, was that those people could be of great help to Lizzy. Their mutual interactions could assist in strengthening her character. She just had to make sure they wouldn't hurt her or she would have to find a way to cut all ties with them; although with Jane's budding romance, that could be a little difficult to accomplish. Lizzy's father had called Charlotte worried about his daughter. He told her he was about to come, or even worse, send Robbie to deal with those scoundrels. Charlotte assured him that they were harmless, just a couple of snobs. He calmed down and agreed with her that this was a good opportunity for Lizzy to grow emotionally. He backed off, allowing Lizzy to handle the pair herself, and trusted Charlotte to protect her. What Charlotte didn't know was that the whole party had already been thoroughly researched by Mr. Benes. Darcy was a rich, successful, and aristocratic gentleman from a fine family. Being a businessman himself, he couldn't help but admire the quick and notable turnaround Darcy had achieved in his father's business. He gave him credit for his accomplishments, but was disappointed to learn how he had allowed that success to transform him into the insensitive, arrogant blackguard he seemed to have become. The Bingleys and the Hursts were respectable people as well. It seemed to be a good opportunity for Lizzy to interact with hostile characters in a relatively safe environment. The only damage they could do to her would be emotional. He was worried, but he also acknowledged that his princess needed more opportunities like this to develop her personality and become more mature. Besides, isn't that what she desired when she asked to move away from her family? She was getting what she wanted. He would monitor closely in the background and allow Charlotte to keep him updated. The following Saturday morning, Lizzy was working at Bell Multicultural High School. Bell Multicultural was a progressive public school in Northwest Washington DC, intended for low income minority students. Lizzy was a member of the One World Youth Project, OWYP. The OWYP was a program sponsored by Georgetown University that prepared volunteer students to teach middle and high school children in the local community. Their aim was to promote learning about different cultures and create awareness of global challenges; they used local maps to help the children learn facts about their own community, and also combined classroom instruction with meaningful community service. In addition, they connected the local students with other OWYP students in other parts of the world. As a Project Manager Fellow for OWYP, Lizzy was leading a team of Georgetown University students that were offering their teaching services in this school. That Saturday, Lizzy and her staff had organized a career day. They had invited a number of Georgetown alumni to talk to the high school students about their jobs and how their own school and college choices helped improve their opportunities for employment in their chosen fields. Jane accompanied Lizzy that morning as she was an alumna from Georgetown. Unbeknownst to Lizzy, Jane mentioned it to Charles and he told Darcy. Charles liked the idea. He saw it as a great opportunity to do some good for the community. Darcy reluctantly agreed. He was a philanthropist, but he preferred to donate money through his foundation and let others handle the personal interactions. Darcy couldn't deny that he accepted mainly because he was a little curious to see Lizzy again. He wanted to prove to himself that despite the fact that she was a senior at Georgetown, she was still an immature airhead. The incident with the blouse proved it. And she wasn't even that pretty; all he remembered was a pair of fine eyes and no other outstanding feature. He wasn't thinking straight that day; the mortification he was experiencing when he was examining her was enough to cloud his typically sharp discernment. Today he was prepared to assess her with impartiality. The two friends arrived at the school gym and sat next to a lawyer friend. Lizzy was at the podium addressing the students and alumni. "It is our purpose to help you learn about a variety of career possibilities available to you. We have separated our guests according to their profession; there are ten different careers represented here today. We want you to visit them all because even if you already have a preference, you never know what surprises may await you in other career areas. We want you to be exposed to all the vocations we have here." Monica, Lizzy's favorite student blurted out. "But I want to stay with the lawyers the whole time!" Lizzy rolled her eyes, smiled, and challenged her. "And why is that Monica? I didn't know you wanted to be a lawyer." "Did you see how cute they are?" Everyone laughed and Lizzy looked to where Monica was pointing. Charles waved and Lizzy smiled at him. She then locked eyes with Darcy, who was looking straight at her. She almost blushed, but quickly broke eye contact and composed herself. "Monica, you know I want the best for you and I want you to be exposed to as many career options as possible. Besides, remember my favorite motto..." All the students chanted in unison with Lizzy. "Never judge a book by its cover!" Lizzy smiled triumphantly and added. "I want you to start exploring, pick their brains, ask lots of questions, but only related to their careers. And more importantly, this is not a Career Fair, so please; don't ask them for a job. Our gracious Hoya alumni are here because they care about you. They want to share their experiences and give you valuable advice. Please don't make them uncomfortable. Do you promise?" They all responded, "We promise Lizzy!" "Great! One more detail before we begin. The students in our partner classroom in Asunción, Paraguay also have a career day today in their school. Next week we will share our experiences and the knowledge we've acquired today with them, and they will do the same with us. So, you now have the responsibility to learn as much as you can for yourselves and for your friends down south. Let's give all our friendly Hoyas a big round of applause!" Pumping her fist, she finished with ... "Let's get started!" While Lizzy was talking, Darcy was fixated on her. He quickly realized that he had been absolutely wrong! He was very impressed with her communication skills, her excellent diction, her poise in front of the microphone, and the pleasant rapport she had established with the students. She also looked so captivating! A dark green sheath dress with contrast piping enhanced her slim waist, ending on her knees, showing her shapely legs. Her brown curls were properly constricted in the back of her head with a pretty flowery patterned hair tie. Every smile brought a rosy glow to her lovely face. And those dazzling eyes of her were shaking his interior! There was no doubt; she was absolutely, undeniably, gorgeous! He couldn't believe this was the same airhead he thought he had seen the first time he had set eyes on her. She was perfection by definition! She only had one big flaw, but she couldn't help it. As the event was taking place, Lizzy kept roaming among all the groups making sure everything was running smoothly. She avoided the group with the lawyers, asking a member of her staff to provide refreshments and other necessities to that group, so she wouldn't have to be involved herself. The career day was a success. At the conclusion, Lizzy again addressed the whole group to thank the alumni and coordinate the end of day activities. When they were done, Jane came up to Lizzy with Charles and Darcy. Charles told her, "Lizzy, I want to congratulate you for a fine organization and for the success of this career day. I haven't had this much fun and as much satisfaction in a long time. The students behaved admirably; they kept their promise to you. This school must be very proud to have your mentoring services." "Thank you Charles, you're too kind. Our students are great and I have an excellent team. I want to thank you all again for taking the time to talk to our students. They have learned a lot today and hopefully they will be inspired to achieve their dreams." With a grin, she added, "they also enjoyed not having to attend their regular classes." Darcy was again staring at Lizzy with his serious, penetrating expression as if he was scrutinizing her. He made her feel very uncomfortable. Had she known the real reason for his stare, her feelings would have been completely different. He was hypnotized by her bewitching eyes while her dislike for him was growing. Jane interrupted their contrasting thoughts. "Lizzy, the guys claim that they have worked very hard today and are very hungry. They are going to Hill Country Barbecue Market and want to invite us. I told them how much you love their barbecue ribs and their amazing banana pudding. What do you say? Shall we go with them?" Lizzy's stomach grumbled at the mention of Hill Country. For a moment she considered it; but only for a very tiny moment. She couldn't be in such close proximity with that despicable man. It would almost be like being in a double date; that will never happen! Even if he was so handsome. 'What? Why did I think that! Forget it! He's a horrible man! He's not so handsome after all.' She gave him credit for being gracious to come that day. Although, he probably allowed Charles to drag him there to gain some acknowledgment for himself or his company. The blatantly disapproving way he was looking at her was almost offensive. She had to get away. "Thank you very much for the invitation but I already promised my staff that I would go to lunch with them after our activity. Goodbye." She moved away before Jane could call her on her lie, since they had previously planned to have lunch together that day. Jane knew that Lizzy was upset, so she didn't go after her. They left shortly after that. Lizzy remained at the school and when she was sure Jane was gone, she invited Monica to have lunch with her. Monica Carter was an African American high school senior who, after a rocky start, had become like a sister to Lizzy, practically from the beginning of her association with OWYP at Bell Multicultural. If it hadn't been for Lizzy's active involvement with her, Monica would probably have ended up as a pregnant teen, doing drugs, or even worse. Her mother was almost never around; she had to work two full-time jobs to support her three children. Monica and her two younger brothers were left pretty much to themselves with no respectable influences around. Monica's father was a good man who loved his family very much. U.S. Army Captain, Joseph Carter, served two tours in Iraq. Ten years ago he was on his second tour. It was a very dangerous time for the coalition armies as the Iraqi insurgency was at its peak. Captain Carter was driving a Humvee while commanding a convoy mission to escort a dignitary along the streets of Fallujah. An Improvised Explosive Device had been placed in a stretch of the road; he couldn't avoid it. The IED immobilized the armored vehicle. There were two conflicting versions of what happened next. According to a trooper from his unit who was on the scene, Captain Carter was escorting his men out when a rocket-propelled grenade exploded next to him ending his heroic life. A soldier from another unit who was also on the scene, claimed to have seen Captain Carter cowardly run and hide behind a building before the grenade exploded, killing three of his men. Everything happened so fast and the subsequent chaos added to the confusion of the troopers. Captain Carter disappeared and no part of his body was ever recovered. The Army listed him as AWOL (Absent Without Leave). He was classified as a deserter. For that reason, his family couldn't receive a death gratuity or any type of surviving family pension. Monica was seven years old at the time, her twin brothers were two. Captain Carter didn't leave much to support his family. Ten years later he was pretty much forgotten. The only reminders were a picture of him in his military uniform and an Army Medal of Honor, both displayed on the wall of their tiny apartment in Columbia Heights. He had earned the Medal of Honor in his first tour, in a military operation in Bagdad. Thanks to his extraordinary marksmanship, he saved his unit by taking down a pair of insurgent snipers hidden on a roof that were targeting his men, and then he lead them to safety. When Monica told Lizzy the whole story of Captain Carter, she applied to her father. Mr. Benes hired a team of investigators to find out the true details about that fateful day in Iraq and to try to recover his remains. Three years later they were still investigating but hadn't been able to shed light on the mystery. After two long years battling in court with the US Government, the investigators were finally allowed to go to Iraq. At that moment they were in Fallujah trying to interview the locals, looking for more clues. Lizzy had offered Mrs. Carter assistance with paying the expenses of the household so she wouldn't have to work so much. Lizzy even offered to buy them a house away from the projects, but Mrs. Carter was very proud; she would not accept charity. Besides, she wanted her children to grow up in the same neighborhood where she and her husband grew up. If nothing else, at least Mrs. Thomas allowed Lizzy to assist her daughter. With Mr. Benes' help, Lizzy found Monica a part time job as a receptionist in a hotel and she also became her tutor and mentor. Monica displayed great intelligence and maturity. With the support from her "big" sister, Monica thrived and was on her way to university. Monica also taught Lizzy some street smarts that became invaluable to her. "Lizzy, I got paid yesterday and have a few extra bucks. Lunch is on me, what do you feel like eating?" 'Barbecue Ribs and banana pudding!,' Lizzie immediately thought. "I feel like having a hearty sandwich. I know this little sandwich shop in a corner in Shaw, SUNdeVICH. They make the most delicious sandwiches!" Monica liked the idea. "I can go for that! Let's eat!" They got in Lizzy's car. On the way, Monica became a little playful and decided to tease her friend. "Lizzy, I think you have an admirer." Lizzy smiled at her astute friend. "What are you saying child? Who is my admirer? Should I be flattered or disgraced?" "You should be very proud my girl. He is the best looking guy I've ever seen, and he couldn't keep his eyes off of you all day! And he's a lawyer, how do you like that?" The two friends were always teasing each other. But this time Lizzy wasn't in the mood for that. "I hope you are not talking about the robot that was accompanying Jane's boyfriend! You're very funny Monique!" "No Lizzy, I'm not joking, he was goosin you! Sometimes he seemed to be spaced out and didn't take part in the discussions. He was hypnotized by your beauty!" Lizzy immediately protested. "He wasn't goosin me at all! By the way, what does that mean?" Monica laughed. "You know, he was sweatin you, staring at you as if he wanted to take you home and…" Lizzy rolled her eyes and looked seriously at her younger friend for a brief moment before returning her eyes to the road. "You are mistaken my child, and I will tell you why. First of all, he was amazed that a dim-witted Puerto Rican girl could be in charge of such a splendid event. Second, he was finding more faults in me in his stuck-up mind; you should have heard the horrible way he insulted me the first time he saw me. And third, he came to the career fair to get some type of recognition for himself. He hated every minute he was there and was looking for a way to escape. That's why he was spaced out, he wanted to leave! There, are you satisfied?" Monica sank in her seat and sighed, "I don't know Lizzy, I think those looks were pure and unadulterated admiration! I still believe he has the hots for you, my girl!" Lizzy was feeling very uncomfortable and decided to stop the nonsense from her friend with her customary humor. "Pure and unadulterated! That's a redundancy Monica, and you know how I feel about redundancies! I don't like them and I hate them! Please, just stop talking about that man or I'll kick you out of my car! You know I will!" "We both know you never would Lizzy! But I'll stop talking about your sexy hunk if it bothers you." "Thank you meanie! Now let's talk about SUNdeVICH. Since you're paying, I'm ordering the most expensive and delicious sandwich they have; the Buenos Aires. Oh, I can taste that chimichurri sauce! And the sautéed onions! I'm also having a side of Russian salad, and a whoopie pie, and..." When Lizzy returned to the apartment later that night, Jane was out again with Charles. She left some banana pudding for Lizzy but it remained untouched. Jane knew that Lizzy was upset with her for bringing Darcy to the school. Though it was Charles who had invited his friend, she preferred not to argue the point. After a couple of days they forgot about it and went on like always without mentioning the subject. Jane was very happy with her flourishing romance with Charles. She even liked Will; he was always attentive and polite. After a few interactions, she found Caroline to be agreeable and very friendly. Jane took very good care not to bring up anything about her new friends in front of Lizzy.
Chapter 04 - The Meridian Ball Part 1 It was a Thursday evening in the apartment at Longbourn, and Charlotte was amusing herself by watching a smiling Lizzy finish the last touches on her task of cleaning the kitchen. Lizzy looked like the stereotypical housewife of many decades ago; she was wearing a hair net, a flowery apron, rubber gloves, and a white cherry sun dress. Charlotte always enjoyed the spectacle that was her friend doing something so alien to her. "You look like one of the Stepford wives. I love the dress you use to do your cleaning; your husband must be so proud!" Lizzy replied in high spirits, "I'm always prepared. I have to look pretty for my Stepford husband the moment he returns home from his hard work at the Stepford firm. He's having an important meeting today at the Stepford men's club with all the Stepford boys." "Ha-ha. If your father could see you now he would surely have my head on a platter!" She tried to imitate Mr. Benes' accent, "'Charlotte, what have you done to my princess?' He-he-he! And poor Mrs. Hill would get a heart attack if she could see you working in the kitchen." Jane interrupted their fun when she arrived after having a dinner date with Charles. She was in a cheerful mood, but then she saw Lizzy and became a little apprehensive. She decided to go ahead and tell them the good news anyway. "I'm so happy; Charles invited us to this year's White-Meyer Dinner and Meridian Ball next Friday. Will is a member of the White-Meyer Circle and he has ten tickets. He never goes but this year he decided to attend. Even though he's going to be there with Caroline, Charles promised they won't upset you Lizzy. I'm too shy to go by myself; I need both of you for support. We will have lots of fun; there will be so many people! Will you come with us, pretty please Lizzy?" Charlotte exclaimed, "Wow, this is great news! The Meridian Ball is one of the most important social events in DC; there will be so many VIPs in attendance! We will be delighted to go! What do you say, Lizzy?" Lizzy was immediately roused to anger and responded forcefully. "Not in a million years! Enjoy your dance but don't include me because I won't go near those two for all the treasures in the world!" She went to her room and slammed the door. Charlotte smiled and gave a visibly distressed Jane a hug. "This is a perfect opportunity. Lizzy will go to this dance. She has to go! It'll be good for her. Don't worry honey; you did a good thing tonight. Let's give her a few minutes to cool off and I'll go talk to her. I promise you she'll change her mind and we'll have ourselves a Ball!" The door wasn't locked; that was a good sign. The hair net, apron and gloves were on the bed. Lizzy was standing on her balcony, with a serene expression in her face, taking in the view of Longbourn Park and the forest behind it. The trees were reflected in the full moon. It was early October and the greenery was slightly changing to the brown, yellow, red and golden colors of the fall season. This was one of Lizzy's favorite times of the year. Her regular morning jogs acquired more significance with all the changes she relished discovering in her favorite paths. Charlotte knew Lizzy so well by now. And Lizzy was aware that she couldn't fool her friend this time. "I know what you're thinking Charlotte, and I agree with you one hundred percent. I will go to this Ball and we will have a great time. And I won't let these people affect me again! There, are you happy now?" Charlotte was elated! She moved closer and gave Lizzy a big hug. "Grasshopper, you are ready now! It is time!" She took a couple of steps back, extended both arms forward and tensed them as if she was carrying a heavy object within her forearms. With a grave voice she said, "You finally snatched the pebble from my hand, it is time for you to leave the temple; go lift that heavy burning dragon bowl, tattoo your arms, and disappear into the sunset." Lizzy chuckled and both friends bursted into a hearty laugh. Charlotte was replaying a scene from an old TV series from the seventies, Kung Fu, in which a young Chinese boy grew up in a Shaolin monastery where he became a priest and a martial arts expert. After killing the emperor's nephew to avenge his master's death, he escaped to America where he had many adventures in the old west. Lizzy's father was a big fan and they used to watch it all the time at home. Lizzy brought the series to the apartment and had asked her friends to watch it with her. Initially they were reluctant, especially Jane. She thought it was just a martial arts-slash-cowboys type of show. But when they began to appreciate the Taoist teachings, especially from lovable blind Master Po and wise Master Kan, they tolerated it and from time to time they would watch it with Lizzy. "Guess what Charlotte? I already had planned to go to this Ball. Robbie invited me last week. I'm sorry I didn't tell you before, I was still upset with the whole situation and wanted to go with Robbie just to feel special again. But now I realize that I'm letting these people affect me and I promise myself that I won't let them do that to me again. Caroline is just a mean ol' witch. I have this picture in my mind of her in green, with a broom and a large pointy hat. Darcy is a handsome prince from the dark side. He attracts young ladies and smashes them alive." They shared a laugh and Charlotte responded. "Your descriptions seem very appropriate, but I suggest one small change, what about a mean ol' Orange Witch! Do you remember her ugly fancy top of that color? That was horrible! Talk about good taste!" And with a mischievous grin she continued, "So you think Darcy is a handsome prince? Am I sensing a change of heart? Do you think he could redeem himself to you? I think I heard something about your Career Day at Bell…" This comment disconcerted Lizzy, but Charlotte just grinned at her. Lizzy shuddered and said, "I don't know why I said that. I may safely promise you never to compliment that man again! Let's just say that he's an ogre that kills everyone in his path with his dreadful vibes. Please, I don't want to hear any more jokes about those two; I'm about to be sick just thinking of them!" "Ok Lizzy, but always remember, together they are the WC!" Lizzy smiled and soon after they were happily engaged in conversation about the upcoming Ball. Jane was feeling remorseful about the whole idea, but then she heard the laughter from her two friends and knew it was going to be ok. Even though she felt as part of the group, she knew there was a special bond between Lizzy and Charlotte. Sometimes she felt left out, but she was so sweet, good natured and discreet, that she would never say anything about it to her friends. Charlotte called Jane to Lizzy's room and the three of them happily occupied themselves with talk about the dresses they were going to wear and how much fun they were going to have. They took special care not to mention a certain couple and they had a great time the rest of the night. Jane and Charlotte went to a local boutique to purchase new dresses, while Lizzy had hers custom made by her fashion designer from New York City, Ms. Amelia Hart. Caroline practically worshipped Ms. Hart, but she could never get an appointment with her, because the talented designer had a very exclusive clientele, mostly very wealthy women and a few well respected celebrities. Ms. Hart was fond of Lizzy; they had known each other since Lizzy's first visit to the couturier many years ago with her mother. Ms. Hart was a very good friend of Mrs. Benes and promised her to take good care of Lizzy, and she did. Lizzy didn't request her services very often; only when Robbie invited her to formal dances, galas, and other activities in New York City. In those occasions, she would allow the brilliant dressmaker to design and prepare her clothes and all her accessories. The day of the Ball, Charles rented a limousine and offered to pick up everyone. Caroline, wanting to spend as little time as possible with the inferior girls, and assuming Darcy was of the same mind, persuaded the Hursts to go in a separate car. But Darcy defeated Caroline's expectations when, at the last minute, he left with her brother in the limo. Darcy was impressed with Longbourn Apartment Complex. "This seems to be a very expensive building. I wonder how they can afford to live here." Charles said, "They're renting a very large apartment in the top floor. I know that Charlotte and Jane have good jobs, but I don't know how Lizzy can afford to pay her share. That's her car there." Darcy admired the convertible. "Nice set of wheels. I can think of only one way she can afford all this, many scholarships and more loans. She must have a large amount of debt." "You are speculating about something totally unknown to you, didn't that get you in trouble before? What if her family is wealthy or at least affluent enough to afford sending her to Georgetown in style? She seems to deserve it." For some mysterious reason, Darcy was skeptical. He was deep in thought when they entered the nice reception area and during the elevator ride. "You could be right about her, but somehow I doubt it; though I agree without reservation that she deserves it." "Why would you doubt it? Do you know something about Lizzy that I don't? Or is it your supposed expertise in judging others? If I were you…" Charles couldn't continue the conversation because he lost the power of speech when the door of the apartment opened, and out came his angel in all her splendor. As Charlotte had told Jane, no matter what she would wear, with her ethereal beauty, Charles would fall head over heels for her. While keeping his eyes fixed on Jane, and in an effort at civility he exclaimed, "You both look so gorgeous! I will be the envy of every gentleman in the entire DC area tonight!" Charlotte laughed and said, "Thank you for including me Charles, although I believe you haven't looked at anyone but Jane." The couple blushed. Charlotte noticed that Darcy was surreptitiously glancing at the apartment, searching for something, or perhaps for someone. She had an idea and whispered it to Jane. "Let's not tell them that Robbie is Lizzy's brother, just for a little while." Jane smiled and nodded. Charlotte said, "Lizzy is going with her date to a dinner hosted by the Spanish Ambassador. They'll meet us afterwards at the Ball. By the way, he had invited her before you had mentioned it to Jane." Darcy flinched, but quickly recovered and returned to his stoic demeanor. Charlotte noticed his reaction and gave herself a secret hooray. Charles was genuinely happy for Lizzy. "Good for her! Ok, let's get going because I'm starving!" After the elegant and plentiful White-Meyer Dinner, they moved to the Meridian Ball area and sat down at their table. Charles took Jane to the dance floor followed by James and Louisa a little later. Darcy remained at the table with Caroline and Charlotte. "Will, do you want to dance?" "Not now Caroline, maybe later." This was a normal conversation between the couple, but tonight Darcy was quieter than usual. Caroline sensed that there was something bothering him. The three of them sat quietly until a gentleman whisked Charlotte to the dance floor and only Darcy and Caroline were left at the table. "Will, why don't you want to dance? Please, let's dance, even one dance, please?" "No Caroline, I don't want to dance now. Excuse me; I have to go to the restroom." When Darcy returned to the table, Caroline was dancing with another gentleman. Darcy felt relieved and sat down with a frown. 'Where is she? And who is her date? Is he her boyfriend? I thought she was unattached. But what do I know? I don't know anything about her, besides the fact that she's so beautiful and has the most amazing eyes.' He couldn't get the image of Lizzy's bright eyes off of his mind. And he had been looking forward to tonight. Darcy despised coming to these kinds of affairs, where most women would throw themselves at him, in order to gain his attention. For many years he had been using Caroline to shield him, but tonight his feelings were pointing in a different direction. Rather than being a shy or antisocial person, he was mostly reserved, dignified and very private. Although he allowed himself to be an emotional person, he usually refrained from showing his feelings to avoid raising expectations from others, especially women. No one suspected, and if anyone did, he wouldn't admit it; that the only inducement for him accepting to come to this Ball and inviting the others, was so that he could see her again. The first thing he was going to do was apologize for his unfortunate comments and tell her that he thought very highly of her. He didn't care anymore that she was a poor student with refined tastes. Maybe her plans were to start working right away to pay all her heavy loans. 'Here I am again, speculating about something I don't know.' Charlotte's information had changed everything. She was with someone. This wasn't going according to plan. After the first dance set they all sat back at the table. A little while later Lizzy arrived with her date. Caroline gasped when she saw her and the handsome man standing with his arm on her shoulder. "Hi all, sorry we're late, we have been detained talking to some of Robbie's friends in this place. I forgot he knew so many people in DC!" Robbie saw his friends and called up to them. "Charlotte, Jane, would you both come here and give me a hug?" They complied very happily and after that, Charlotte made the introductions. Lizzy realized Charlotte hadn't mentioned that Robbie was her brother and caught on right away and also liked the idea. She whispered it to her brother. Robbie smiled and decided to go along with it. Lizzy seemed to be reluctant to talk about this particular group of people and he was a little concerned. But Jane and Charlotte's presence reassured him. Lizzy had saved him in many occasions from fortune hunters and other persistent ladies, 'Therefore, it's time to gratify my little sister for one night.' Darcy was dying of thirst in the middle of the desert when a mirage appeared before his eyes. Water! The lifesaving oasis was adorned with a resplendent ball gown. The elegant and refined gown was dark blue with small studded diamonds running diagonally, embracing her lovely figure. It was very refined and elegant but not ostentatious. A collar of pearls graced her lovable neckline, complementing her gold diamond earrings. Her long brown hair had been pulled up into a bun and adorned with a matching gold diamond tiara. A few soft curls were left hanging on the sides of her face which gave Darcy the desire to play with them. She looked like a princess from a fairy tale. Her enchanting face convinced Darcy that the magical water from the oasis was an elixir from the gods. The natural expression of her lovely features was enhanced by the perfect amount of makeup. Her eyes sparkled even more tonight, but this time it was with happiness. It was evident that she was very pleased with her date, and their closeness was unmistakable. There was an intangible but distinctive quality surrounding them. Their intimacy was somehow familiar to Darcy, but in that moment he couldn't pinpoint what was about them that gave him this feeling. His extreme jealousy clouded his sound practical judgment. Otherwise, he would have been able to correlate the couple's intimacy with that of his own with his younger sister. He forced himself to look away and very discreetly shook himself off. Finally, gaining his composure, he could think with his usual hauteur. 'Why would I be jealous? I am THE William F. Darcy! If I wanted I could make her fall in love with me and leave that guy in a heartbeat. I have no doubt about it! But why am I even contemplating that possibility? I can't be with her; she's too inferior for me. There can be nothing serious between us. I have to stop thinking of her! I won't look at her anymore. That's what I'll do! I'm determined!' This thought helped him relax, but only for a little while. He found it virtually impossible to uphold his own resolution, quickly returning to his longing and his new found jealousy. The confusion in his mind was eating at him from inside his soul. He was used to being in control, and this feeling of navigating through unchartered waters while drifting aimlessly disconcerted him. Caroline was completely taken aback. She recognized the quality and style of Lizzy's gown and knew that it certainly was very expensive and sophisticated. She suspected that it had to be from a major fashion designer, but she couldn't fathom how that could be possible. Therefore, she rationalized that Lizzy had altered a normal dress and added the details to make it look so exclusive. 'No, that dress isn't so refined after all, it's just a run of the mill outfit looking more fashionable that it really is, just like its owner.' Lizzy also looked mortifyingly beautiful and elegant. But the most infuriating detail was Lizzy's companion. He was a tall, dignified gentleman, almost as tall, and as handsome as Darcy. 'How can Eliza be with someone like that?' They both had an air that gave Caroline the feeling they belonged to high society. But that was impossible, Eliza was a poor, unrefined, bookworm, and in no way she would be able to attract anyone of consequence. Therefore, she conjectured that they were both so second-rate as not to bother with them. They just had the appearance of being more than what they really were, a pair of social climbers trying to pass as something they were not. They were impostors who didn't belong in the Ball. She would have to put them both in the places they deserved. It was unfortunate that she had promised Charles that she would leave Eliza alone. She kept her mouth shut and decided to ignore them, although this resolution would turn up to be almost impossible to maintain. Lizzy and Robbie were having a pleasant conversation with Jane, Charles and the Hursts. A song began; it was one of Lizzy's and Robbie's favorite jazz dance songs. Robbie took Lizzy's hand saying. "Madam, I believe this is our song, would you like to dance?" Lizzy smiled and responded, "you don't even have to ask, lead the way my fine gentleman." This exchange amused everyone, surprised Caroline, and distressed Darcy. The dance floor was almost empty and the couple decided to use the extra room to their advantage, as they had done for years at home and at parties, to the delight of themselves and enjoyment to their family and friends. The moment they began dancing, everyone knew they were in for a treat. Their movements were very precise and harmonious and they danced with grace and elegance. Everyone at the table was fascinated with the couple's performance. They were glad to see Lizzy looking so beautiful, so well matched, and she was also such a great dancer. Well, almost everyone shared this sentiment, except for Caroline and Darcy. She was fuming at seeing the spectacle that pair of upstarts was creating. 'Just like her, to call the attention of everyone with such a poor exhibition. Look at how they move, they appear to be good but they are not, they are missing every other step and they are not even in sync. What a pathetic sight.' Darcy was flabbergasted. Even if he felt insanely jealous, he couldn't but admire the great performance the pair on the dance floor was delivering. His eyes were fixed on Lizzy and he envied Robbie. 'I wonder how it would feel to have her look at me the way she looks at him!' When the dance ended everyone applauded for the couple but they were unaware that it was for them as they kept on dancing. Everyone on the table followed them to the dance floor. Charlotte's new admirer quickly seized her before anyone else could take his precious find. Even Darcy was compelled to dance with Caroline because he felt pity for her efforts to engage him. But all through the dances, Darcy had eyes only for Lizzy, and Caroline felt humiliated. Robbie noticed Darcy and Caroline staring at his little sister and mentioned it to her. "Parece que mi hermanita tiene un admirador apasionado y una enemiga furiosa." (It seems my little sister has a passionate admirer and a furious enemy.) When Lizzy looked to where Robbie was indicating, she exclaimed, "Esos dos son unos presumidos que me menospreciaron la primera vez que me vieron." (Those two are snobs who slighted me the first time they saw me.) "Slighted my Lizzy, did they?" She smiled at this catchphrase from her favorite miniseries. "You're confusing disdain with admiration, brother. They both think I am an ugly, unrefined, empty-headed, lowly Puerto Rican with nothing to look forward to in my life." "I find that impossible to believe! They must be blind to think you're anything but regal and extremely gorgeous! And by the way that guy is looking at you; I very much doubt he feels that way. So, since they don't know anything about who you really are, I imagine tonight has been a shock to them. After seeing you look so splendiferous and so luxuriously attired and especially after seeing your very fetching and prosperous looking date, I imagine they must have changed their minds." "You are ever so funny my big brother. And those fancy words are giving me a headache. We know some people like them in our own circle, here and in the island. They think they are better than everyone else and all the plebeians should be deferential to them and pay homage to their greatness. They are pompous and ridiculous." Finally she was opening up to him and he was beginning to understand the uneasiness he had noticed in her with this group of people. He knew if he asked directly she would not tell him, so he maintained a sense of humor, even if he was fuming inside. Tonight he would have a long talk with his father. 'I wonder why dad didn't mention this to me; or Charlotte. By the way, Charlotte has been dancing with this fellow all night. I wonder if they are a couple.' He went on with his customary banter. "Have you been aggrieved my lady? Any dragons or witches your knight in shining armor must defeat, my fair maiden?" She laughed and he felt satisfied that it probably wasn't so bad after all. Very sternly but playfully she replied. "Don't you worry my savior; I won't need your services. I know you so well and your first reaction is to go there, beat him up and berate her! But this time you don't have to. The dragon and the witch are just a puffed up couple. You and daddy promised to let me solve my personal problems on my own. As long as it's not going to hurt me, I can take care of myself. Besides, I have Charlotte by my side!" "Speaking of Charlotte, she's been dancing with that fellow all night long, are they an item now?" Lizzy gave him a mischievous smile. "Jealous, aren't we? I haven't seen him before and she would have told me if they had any special relationship. So, I believe the gentleman recognized my best friend's beauty and charms and decided to put the moves on her." Robbie laughed. "I would also put my moves on her, but unfortunately I need to leave soon as I have a meeting with an important client very early in the morning." "Robbie, I hate you so much! Why didn't you tell me this before? You know I'll be worried about you all night long and tomorrow too. You have to leave now!" Robbie smiled at his protective little sister. "Don't you worry Sissy Lizzy; the chartered plane is waiting for me at Reagan National. If you stay here long enough, I'll be home before you do. Let's wait until this set ends." Robbie reflected for a moment and then added, "On second thought, I will take you home and then leave for the airport. That may be best. I don't want to leave you all alone in here with those people." "Robbie! You don't have to worry about me. I'll be fine. Charlotte and Jane are here to keep me company. I want you to go straight to the airport. And you have to call me as soon as you get home!" "Are you sure?" "Yes I am. Remember, I am a 21 year old adult! Besides, I'm not in any danger." "And I want you to never forget, you'll always be my baby sister and it's my job to protect you! Promise you will call me if you need me!" When the set ended, there was a break in the music and they went to get a drink. They returned to the table and Robbie made the announcement that he had to leave. Lizzy accompanied him to the exit and said goodbye. She then returned to the table and sat by Jane and Charlotte.
Chapter 05 - The Meridian Ball Part 2 Caroline was bored stiff. She observed the people at the table. Charles and Jane were sharing secret confidences while smiling and giggling with each other as if they were a pair of immature teenagers. Louisa and James were people watching, amusing themselves with a silly contest of identifying the celebrities in attendance at the Meridian Ball. As pathetic as their little games were, it was painful to realize how both couples seemed content just being with each other. She felt a little envious towards her siblings, trying hard but failing to recall any particular instance, at any time, when she had been in a similar intimate situation with Will. He was always aloof and detached when they were together, but Caroline didn't care. She was willing and able to carry on any and all conversations by herself if necessary. He seemed to be fine with it; at least he never complained. Sometimes she wished he would be a little more talkative, but that was his personality and she was fine with it. Besides, she didn't care as much about him as she cared about being with him, so it was of no consequence to her. As the two couples moved to the dance floor, she shifted her attention back to Will. He was once again watching Elizabeth with that annoying, penetrating stare. 'Why is he paying so much attention to that inferior girl? Did he change his mind about her? Does he admire her now? If that's the case, I'll have to set her straight. She can't mess with Caroline Bingley! Elizabeth... that name is too magnificent for someone as insignificant as that missy!' "Eliza, your date left pretty early tonight. Are you certain he didn't plan a secret rendezvous with someone else?" That malicious comment irked Lizzy. She made an effort to appear composed and then responded, "Robbie lives in New York City and he has an important business meeting early tomorrow morning. He wanted to stay longer, but I insisted that he should go." Charlotte noticed Lizzy's distress and intervened to deflect Caroline's further attacks. "Robbie's such a sweetheart; I'm convinced he would have stayed all night long just to gratify you had you asked him. Tell me Lizzy, is he still an Investment Banker at Wall Street?" "I believe so. Charlotte, will you come to the ladies room with me?" "Of course honey." Jane and Charles were oblivious to their surroundings; they had eyes only for each other. Louisa and James were happy for Charles, but Caroline was displeased. Jane was a sweetheart, but Charles had been with many girls like her in the past. The fact was that Jane was a girl of lower station while Caroline expected Charles to be with someone of their own kind. She would have to watch her closely to determine a way to break them up. Darcy was still feeling low about the whole night. However, now that Lizzy's date was gone, a little ray of sunshine was sneaking in through his dark cloud. He was waiting for an opportunity to speak with her and apologize. In the ladies' room, the two friends were chatting in front of the mirrors. "You're right Lizzy. It's uncanny how their relationship has advanced so deeply in such a short time! They look like an old married couple. Charles is really nice, agreeable, serene, and very handsome. Jane matches his looks and personality so well. They will be a very jolly couple all their lives!" She looked at Lizzy, who was smiling. "Lizzy, you look so happy. I'm glad that Robbie was able to spend some time with you." "I'm sorry Charlotte, I was very selfish tonight. I kept Robbie all to myself. I think he wanted to dance with you. I caught him watching you a few times and he asked me if your dancing partner was your boyfriend. He was jealous! He has feelings for you, but he won't admit it." "You're crazy Lizzy; don't you know that Robbie and I are best friends? We have no intentions of changing that any time soon. He's like a brother to me, as you're my sister." Lizzy said, "I know. I'm sorry for presuming more than there is." With a sweet smile she added, "Then again, I can always dream of having my favorite person in the world become my real sister. They say true love begins with a great friendship, right?" Charlotte laughed. "I believe it's time to make sport of you honey. Did you notice anything interesting going on at our table?" Lizzy frowned, "Jane and Charles seem to have eyes only for each other and Louisa and James appear to be in their own little world as well. I don't care about anyone else!" "Well, it just so happens that a certain someone has been staring at you all night long and didn't even dance until he was practically forced to out of pity. Even while dancing he kept gazing at you. I'm certain he changed his opinion. How should I say it?" She switched to a low, accented voice. "The fool finally opened his eyes, took a good look at my Lizzy, and now finds her more than handsome enough to tempt him." "You're so funny! Ha, ha. Robbie said the same thing but you're both wide of the mark! He has an awful glower in his face. He keeps finding more flaws in my appearance, or he judges my manners to be reprehensible. He disapproves so much that he can't help stare at me, and also at Robbie when we were dancing. To him we're just a pair of low-class foreigners who don't belong here!" "Lizzy, tú estás equivocada [you're mistaken]. First of all, it wasn't Robbie who captured his attention but you and only you! Second, those looks are of absolute admiration and nothing else! You look perfect tonight; gorgeous, elegant, refined; like a princess from a fairy tale. There's only praise to bestow upon you. You are Cinderella with an adorable crown!" Lizzie smiled but didn't like the direction of the conversation and decided to put an end to it. "Thank you but you are a biased source because you love me too much to find any fault with me. And I still disagree with you. Please, let's not talk about that man anymore; I want to end the night in good cheer. By the way, thanks for saving me from that odious woman, I don't understand why she can't leave me alone." "I believe she feels threatened by you, my dear Eliza!" joked Charlotte. "So now I'm Eliza! What was that about? No, don't worry. From now on I won't let her get to me, I promise you. Let's talk about your latest conquest. He seems to be quite taken with you..." They returned to the table and sat down next to each other, continuing their conversation. Caroline was whispering something to an apparently uninterested Darcy and the two other couples were dancing. When the next song began, Darcy stood, went to Lizzy, and invited her to dance. Lizzy was taken so much by surprise that, after looking at his eyes and without knowing what she did, took his offered hand and followed him to the dance floor. Caroline was livid; that should have been her! She was staring at Lizzy with an expression of intense dislike. She glanced at Charlotte and with an air of indifference declared, "I guess Will is engaging in a little charity by dancing with the less fortunate." Charlotte immediately responded, "I'm sure he already revealed his kindness before, when he agreed to dance with you. To be desperate enough so as to sulk until he finally agreed to a dance... I don't see how you do it!" Caroline was offended at the poor chit's audacity. "Will always satisfies me. We have a mutual understanding; the foundation of our relationship is built on solid ground and someday soon we will make it official. I'm just waiting for him to pop the question." Charlotte was amazed at Caroline's delusion. 'She really believes that. It's so sad. Lizzy or no Lizzy, the guy is evidently not interested in her that way. The poor woman is so blind! I think it's time for me to enlighten her and have a little fun at the same time!' "I wonder whether he'll ever ask you. Your solid foundation is collapsing under your feet! You better hurry and secure him as soon as you can; I suggest you try a new technique as it seems all your arts and allurements have failed miserably. Just look at them! They appear to be surrounded by an aureole. Can't you feel the electricity they're generating? If you would take a light bulb to them, it would shine brightly!" "Does Eliza have such a devious character that as soon as her boyfriend leaves she's already throwing herself at another man? Perhaps this one's a bigger catch for her?" "She wasn't the one who had to beg for a dance in such a pitiable manner! Besides, Lizzy and Robbie are very close, but there are no romantic attachments between them." Caroline smirked. "She could have fooled me because she seemed very smitten with him. Now I wonder about her morals. Was it all just an act?" "An act? What act? They were just dancing. For your information, Robbie and Lizzy adore each other and they are an example of how siblings must love and cherish one another. I can't imagine you having the same relationship with Charles. I guess you will never understand that feeling because love seems to be something foreign to you!" Caroline was so offended that she decided to give her the brush. 'So they are siblings, but why did she hide this fact from everyone, maybe to get Will jealous? Why would she want to make him jealous if she hates him? Could it all be a ruse to try to get to my Will? I better be on guard to defend him from that upstart. I may have to take that inferior girl more seriously! I know what to do.' Lizzy was caught off guard when Darcy asked her to dance. She was disappointed with herself for accepting his offer so readily, but she couldn't help it. The expression of his face was both charming and beseeching. His eyes betrayed his fear of rejection. He looked like a little boy begging for his favorite dessert, it would have been cruel for her to refuse him the desired treat. Lizzy was so sweet that even if she detested the man, she couldn't turn him down. At the beginning of the dance she was disconcerted by her own reaction. It was all new to her. The feeling of his touch made her heart flutter. He kept hold of her hand while placing his other on her hip and brought her close to him. She leaned forward, rested her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes. She couldn't understand these new feelings and new sensations she was experiencing. It was better to ignore them and simply enjoy the moment. It felt just right. Darcy was floating on his cloud, walking on sunshine, feeling the ecstasy of a mystical experience. He was savoring the moment; being in contact her, inhaling her sweet fragrance. The sight of her lovely features was rapturous; one of her wild, unrestrained curls impishly flirting with his self-control. They remained that way, oblivious to the world, moving in perfect rhythm with the music. For both of them, this was one of the most wonderful moments of their lives. They could have remained in this dream state forever. But then reality reared her ugly face. Lizzy remembered who she was dancing with; this man, who had insulted her so abominably. She reflected on her friend's and even her brother's words. 'Maybe he likes me now. No! That's impossible! He couldn't have changed his opinion so fast! I can't forget his hateful speech. Never, ever, had anyone been so cruel to me in all my life; except for Ricardito!' That thought brought a smile to her face and she gave a soft chuckle. Darcy noticed her suppressed laugh and felt pleased with himself. "You seem to be in high spirits. Are you just happy, or possibly amused about something?" Lizzy was embarrassed at being caught by this man; this was the catalyst she needed to wake up from her reverie. She removed her head from his shoulder and moved as far as she could from him. To relieve her uneasiness, she began to talk about the first thing that came to her mind. "I was just remembering when I was in second grade back home in Puerto Rico. There was this student in my class, Ricardito. I liked him a lot and I thought he liked me too. One day, he began to push me, pull my hair, throw my books on the floor; he kept insulting me and making fun of me. I was in a constant state of panic. He bullied me for a whole week until someone told my brother. The next day when he saw me he ran away as if I was the bogeyman. Many years later he admitted that he liked me a lot and that was his way of showing his affection. I told him I was happy he wasn't in love with me or else he would have killed me!" Darcy smiled and kept on dancing. Lizzy was vexed. She didn't know why she had shared such an intimate story with this man. She decided not to talk again. But after a while, she fancied that he seemed satisfied with the silence. That was intolerable! She decided a better punishment would be to compel him to speak with her. "It's your turn to say something now. I just shared a story; you could relate a little tale, or make a comment about the Meridian Ball, or the size of the room, or the number of couples." "I'd rather remain silent and enjoy the dance." "But I am not enjoying myself and I believe you being a gentleman wouldn't want me to suffer, would you?" "I'm not in the habit of entertaining the ladies; they are usually more than willing to distract me. I wouldn't know what to say; do you have any suggestions?" She rolled her eyes in frustration, her cheeks glowing. She waited to gather her wits, and after biting her lower lip, gave him her cutest sneer and responded, "I can believe that in your opinion you are God's greatest gift to women, or maybe to the whole humankind. You only condescend to speak to express a dissertation that will amaze the whole room, and be handed down to posterity with all the great brilliance of a famous dictum." Darcy was hypnotized with her expressive eyes and her sweet glow, so innocent and fresh. The sensation of being so close to this captivating woman was intoxicating. When she bit her lip, he nearly lost control. He forced himself to regain his composure, mask his emotions and remain in his accustomed serious demeanor. So much exertion caused him to miss her lively remarks. Not knowing how to respond, he decided not to say anything in order to avoid ridicule. Lizzy waited for a reply that never came. He had that insufferable stoic face that she was beginning to hate. His behavior convinced her that she had been accurate in her original assessment. And the proud, arrogant man had coldly agreed with her. She continued, "If you so desire, let's talk about civility, comportment, and the correct treatment of others, especially your supposed inferiors. What is your opinion on this?" This was not going according to his original plan. Instead of apologizing, Darcy felt the need to defend himself. "You certainly believe my behavior is lacking. I cannot speak for myself, but if you question my acquaintances, I believe their judgment of my character will astound you." She glanced at the table and said, "I have no doubt, especially if we ask your beloved companion." "Caroline is not my beloved!" an indignant Darcy replied. "Of course she is not, but then how can you explain the hateful looks of jealousy she is giving me? Especially since I haven't done anything to deserve her malice. You should put her out of her misery and marry her already!" He responded with a smug look on his face, "Perhaps you are right. I might do that." This comment from Darcy discomposed Lizzy; her heart missed a beat, but she recovered quickly. Darcy noticed Lizzy's agitation and it gave him some pleasure. He knew the power he had over women and although he wasn't vain, in this case it delighted him to know that he could have some power over her. "What do you think of books? Do you have a favorite?" Lizzy was grateful for his change of subject as her pride had been wounded by her reaction. Composing herself she replied, "I love books and have many favorites. One of them is from the late Puerto Rican writer, Rafael Pont Flores, Un Puertorriqueño en España (A Puerto Rican in Spain). Pont Flores traveled to Spain with his family in the 1960s and chronicled their adventures while visiting the different provinces throughout that beautiful country. The summer after my high school graduation my brother, his girlfriend at the time and I, spent three weeks touring the same places in Spain. It was exhilarating to discover the exact same localities I had read about in the book. The customs were unchanged, even the people weren't that much different, and that was 50 years later! I felt as if I was traveling with Rafael and he was giving us a tour of Spain. One day we were in the region of La Mancha and we were looking for the windmill... Sorry, I'm rambling again, what about you? What is your favorite book?" With her bewitching eyes she added, "Perchance, The Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous?" Darcy was enjoying very much her story and the pretty facial expressions she was making while telling it. He was drawn in to her twinkling eyes when she was excited. He admired everything about her. When she questioned him, he knew she was trying to rile him, but he couldn't be affronted by the mixture of sweetness and playfulness in her manner. With his own smile he replied, "I would've thought you'd pick The Secrets of the Millionaire Mind, or The Millionaire Next Door for me! Actually, I also have many favorites, but the book genre I value most is of the adventure and exploration variety. One of my all-time favorites is a book written by an American sailor who was adrift in a life raft for 76 days in the Atlantic. A series of unfortunate events befell him in that voyage. A storm and a large sea creature disabled his boat, ruining his food supply and his water reservoir, but he didn't surrender to his fate. He relied on common ordinary means to survive." Lizzy's eyes were sparkling with glee and she interrupted him, "Steven Callahan! He devised a way to extract clean water using a solar still. Schools of Dorado fish fed him, almost sank his raft, and in the end, helped save him. Do you have the audiobook?" "Of course I do, I have listened to that recording from the author many times since I was a little boy. I also enjoyed Gary Paulsen's, Hatchet." Lizzy was delighted. "Brian Robeson! I loved his adventures with skunks! In the first book a skunk almost blinds him, and in Brian's Winter, Auntie Betty the skunk saved his life!" Darcy responded with elation. "I enjoyed most the moose attack and the tornado. It affirmed his toughness. Many times as a child I would attempt to emulate Brian's adventures while camping in my property, under the watchful eye of my father. I never saw a skunk or a moose but there were plenty of raccoons and deer." Lizzy remarked without thinking: "Oh, how I wished I would have been there with you! I love those mischievous raccoons! I…" She colored when she realized what she'd said and stopped talking. Darcy smiled brightly indulging in a brief but very agreeable dream of camping with her in the wilderness. "What about Buck's adventures in Jack London's, The Call of the Wild? I bet you loved John Thornton and you cried for him!" "Yes I did! How did you know Mr. Darcy?" "I figured you would, Miss Benes!" 'She's being playful!' He fed off her energy, and continued. "After my college graduation, I fulfilled one of my childhood dreams when I went to the Amazon Rainforest with my cousin. He's an experienced outdoorsman, so he was my guide. We made traps, hunted with bows and arrows, fished with spears, and built shelters. We traversed the jungle for a full month. That was an important survival lesson for me. I learned to build a fire, identify edible plants, make knots, and track animals. One day we decided to do something bold and explore. There was this tribe deep in a remote area, only accessible by a long and treacherous..." Lizzy was listening with rapt attention, hanging on his every word, asking relevant questions, and actively reliving his adventures on the jungle. He could see in her eyes that she was genuinely interested and it encouraged him to continue his narration. They were so engrossed with each other that after the music died down and everyone had left the dance floor, they were still swaying to an imaginary song. She blushed and stopped dancing; her cheeks turned a rosy color. He was charmed, but when he realized why she had reddened, he became self-conscious and escorted her back to the table. Their friends were astonished at the scene they had witnessed, but no one said anything, because they also observed the couple's embarrassment. Caroline, however, could not contain herself and immediately asked, "Eliza, what you were telling our Will back on the dance floor that kept him so absorbed? Were you relating him your tales of woe and awkward moments?" "We were having a private conversation which is none of your concern!" Caroline cringed at that response but recovered quickly. She barred her claws, widened her eyes, tensed her body, and prepared to pounce. Darcy, in order to preempt Caroline's viciousness, decided to say something to pacify her. "We were talking about how people should remain in their own social class in order to make our civilization function in a more efficient manner." This innocuous remark from Darcy satisfied Caroline but mortified Lizzy. Darcy meant to mock Caroline and thought that Lizzy would catch on the joke. She far from understood his meaning. Even if she belonged to the highest social class, she never viewed those lower to her as being in a separate world. She remembered how Darcy felt about her; he thought she was a pet project, a charity case! She took it as an insult to herself and every good feeling she had begun to harbor for him that night was thrown overboard at that moment. In her rage, she responded. "In your opinion there is no room for improvement, which would make people give up the desire to make positive changes in their lives and strive for advancement to higher social strata. Thank God you don't set the rules of society, or America as we know it would not be a great nation." "I'm not speaking of exceptionality, but of those who try to advance by grasping onto any unfair advantage. They must be stopped by those of us in the higher classes, because they have the potential to ruin our way of life." "And who decides what's fair; your equals in the higher classes?" "Yes, we are better qualified to make assessments about the lower classes." Lizzy was livid. "Just because you are wealthier, you are more qualified to pass judgment on those who are poorer; even if they are more educated, more experienced, and more intelligent than you?" "Great wealth comes with great responsibility, and I see it as a duty my peers are compelled to discharge. It is essential that we prepare to fulfill our destiny. We must serve as a beacon of leadership and wisdom to guide the common populace." Caroline, tired of all the attention Darcy was giving Lizzy, decided to shut her up. "Eliza, why are you concerned about all this? Are you trying to climb to a higher social class? It's not that easy you know. Besides, we must allow the great minds to resolve our social problems." Lizzy had never been so infuriated but before she could respond, Charlotte interjected, "I'm sorry to interrupt this lively discussion but I'm dying of thirst. Lizzy, will you come with me to get a drink?" Lizzy left and a little while later Charlotte was able to help calm her down. Darcy realized he had made another blunder with Lizzy, but it delighted him so much to watch her beautiful, intense eyes glow and glimmer the angrier she got, that he purposely kept arguing with her. Although he had to admit that he much preferred her happy disposition like when they were on the dance floor. Had Charles been paying attention, he would have blasted Will angrily for the garbage he was spewing and he would have halted Caroline's stupid remarks. Even though he promised Jane to keep Lizzy away from his sister and friend, he failed miserably. Although Jane wasn't even aware of what was happening because they were both lost in their own little world and nothing else mattered. Lizzy was upset with them but she understood why Charles and Jane were so inattentive to everyone else. As they say, is not general incivility the very essence of love? The rest of the night Lizzy remained on the table and declined invitations to dance with Charles and other men who approached her, claiming that she was tired. Likewise, Darcy remained at the table. At one time they were left by themselves for half an hour. He tried to make conversation, but Lizzy intentionally avoided him by turning in the opposite direction and ignoring him. A little after this, they left. Charles took Jane and her roommates back to Longbourn in the limo, while a dejected Darcy went with Caroline and the Hurst's. Lizzy was so frustrated with Darcy that she decided not to speak or think about him, and although she succeeded in the former, the latter was more difficult to accomplish. She remembered the beginning of the dance and how she had experienced a new wonderful feeling she didn't know existed. They had such a fascinating conversation and found out how much they had in common. She had enjoyed their dance so much. Then, he showed his true nature. It wasn't so much that she was angry at him; it was the feeling of disappointment that saddened her. For a brief moment, she thought she had found her soul mate. However, all her expectations were shattered by the revelation of his awful personality. The reality was that he was very proud and vain, and not worthy of another thought. And that's what she did. Darcy was full of conflicting emotions. He felt that if it wasn't for her inferiority, he would have proposed to her right after that dance. She was perfect for him in body, mind and spirit. However, she was not of his circle. Most importantly, even though she was white by race, she was an ethnic minority and this fact would be unpardonable to his relations. If he dared go against the grain and marry her, they would be ostracized by almost every member of his family. He remembered his uncle Joseph Fitzwilliam, who, in opposition to his mother's family, had married a lady from the Philippines. Uncle Joe never again went to family parties or activities and he was never mentioned again. He was his favorite uncle but he had not talked or seen him in over a decade. 'I guess there's a possibility that Uncle Joe is living a happy life with his family away from us. When push comes to shove, would I be willing to do the same?'
Here is the next chapter in my narrative of Exceptional Lizzy. I apologize to those of you who may want more frequent updates, but this is as fast as I can go. I will try for a chapter each month. I have around 33 chapters; this means this will take me many moons to complete! The thing is that this is so much fun for me, to tweak each chapter, to come up with new ideas, new twists, new scenes, changing scenes; I can be writing forever and ever and I wouldn't get tired. You could see me in the computer at home, and in my tablet everywhere else. People think I'm reading; they don't know I'm writing! I also struggle with English as a second language, although that may be a petty excuse since I've been in the States for 25 years! But it's true, I think mostly in Spanish. Also, my daughter is my beta who corrects my biggest spelling and grammar horrors! She just graduated from High School and it's always very busy but she takes time to help her poor dad. Someone asked about a dream cast. The only person I would have in mind is Lizzy. In order to explain, I would have to tell a little story of how I became obsessed with P&P. I had read the book many decades ago and liked it very much, but it was just another good story. A couple of years ago, a co-worker told me that she couldn't stop reading this book, so I decided to read it one more time. I loved it again. But the clincher was when I discovered the 1995 miniseries. As you may suspect, I "fell in love" with Jennifer "Elizabeth Bennet" Ehle. (Please don't tell my wife or she'll demand that I stop writing!). I couldn't stop watching the miniseries, then I reread the book again, finally I found and fell in love again with the audio book by Kate Reading. Then I was able to drive and walk while 'reading' the book. It was a non-stop obsession for a while. One day I stumbled into Fanfiction. At first I despised it, I read a few stories and I was incensed with some of the "garbage" being put out there, denigrating my Lizzy or Darcy. Then I decided to read only the stories that were as faithful to the book as possible, no OOC or AU. Now I'm a big fan, but I kept my promise to only read those stories which portrait Lizzy and Darcy as respectable and exclusive with each other and with no one else, no exceptions. Any other variation to his fundamental rule and I just stop reading and call it junk and an affront to the memory of the great Ms. Austen. There have been many stories with promising beginnings, but then they have Lizzy or Darcy engage in any type of immoral activity or get involved with someone else and that does it for me. I hate the story. I also loathed AU stories; ironically, my first story is something like an AU. I'm trying to keep the dispositions of the characters as faithful to the book as possible and use many references and phrases from the book. Of course, I added a bunch of people but that was unintentional, it just happened. That's the thing with Puerto Ricans; they just keep coming even if you don't invite them. That's how we are! I promise you that all the main characters of P&P will make an appearance, with the basic personalities from the book but with different relationships and happy or unhappy endings. Thanks for 'listening' to my long rant. Here is the next chapter. Chapter 6 - His Tales of Woe The chirping of the birds in the morning dawn on this unexplored area of the woods was music to her ears. A yellow warbler was scooting quickly across the floor; stopping, standing upright, and tilting its head, tracking down prey. It finally spotted the appetizing tip of a late worm. As it accelerated to capture its quarry, the intruder's loud steps interrupted its hunt. The bird flew away at once, allowing the lucky worm to hide underground. A squirrel casually nibbled on a nut, watching over the intruder while perched on the branch of a modest-sized black walnut located opposite the path from an imposing willow oak. That morning, the intruder had decided to take a different route from her familiar jogging circuit in the forest behind the park. This new trail was covered with loose brushwood, rocks of all sizes and numerous overgrown weeds, but not a single obstacle she couldn't overcome. She delighted in hopping, skipping, and leaping over Mother Nature's hurdles while landing on each soft mud puddle with a splash. The world was her oyster. All of a sudden she halted upon catching sight of something she had never, ever seen in all her life: a wild raccoon! It was unbelievable! What were the odds? She instantly recalled her conversation with Mr. Darcy at the Meridian Ball. He had been so pleasing in those magical moments on the dance floor. Those mysterious sensations she felt at the beginning of their dance still lingered somewhere in her mind. She remembered her burning cheeks when she uttered that impulsive remark after he had mentioned that same wild animal that was now standing before her in a defiant posture. The raccoon had been munching on the contents of a shredded paper bag when it was caught red handed by the human who had abruptly invaded its territory. Both creatures remained motionless initiating a staring contest. After a few minutes, which seemed like an eternity to Lizzy, the masked bandit haughtily forfeited the match and in a nonchalant manner continued eating the succulent stolen goodies. After the meal was eaten, it challenged the intruder with another intense glare. When the human made no response, the raccoon turned around and disappeared almost instantaneously. After a few minutes had passed, Lizzy's heart finally returned to its normal beat. She had been both thrilled and terrified at the same time. A raccoon in its normal habitat, foraging for food in her own backyard, what a sight! She knew that those animals tended to be vicious; they could claw or bite and could carry contagious diseases or rabies. She felt fortunate to had experienced such an amazing encounter and to had escaped without a scratch! Unwilling to push her luck, she hastily retraced her steps and decided to never visit this path again. From now on, this was raccoon land and it was to remain undisturbed. In her agitation, she began to imagine what Mr. Darcy's reaction would have been had he been told of this happenstance, but this contemplation was set aside very quickly. At that very same moment, 4,000 miles east across the Atlantic Ocean, a girl reading a book was walking along a quaint street in the heart of Barcelona, while nearby a grinning gentleman was watching her progress from an outside table in an elegant restaurant. As part of his CEO responsibilities for his company, Darcy was in a business trip in Spain. On that early afternoon he was having lunch with a business associate when he spotted the girl. The image of a fetching high school senior with rosy complexion, soft curly brown hair and vibrant eyes, using a book as a guide while pointing at the sights, made him smile broadly. "She is very pretty Mr. Darcy, but I would think, a little too young for you," remarked his amused lunch companion. "My apologies for my distraction, Sr. Hidalgo. That girl reminded me of a young lady from back home who came to this delightful country a few years ago. She used a book, just like her, as her own tour guide." "A book you say? Is that one of those travel guidebooks that tells Americans what to eat, where to go, what to do and where to stay? I would not trust those generic guides because they do not give you the feel for the country. If she returns, please direct her to me; I can provide much better information than any of those heartless travel books. Oh well, she probably was just an ordinary tourist who was satisfied with her inadequate experience in my country." "Quite the contrary my friend. She's a very smart and discerning lady originally from Puerto Rico. The book she was using as a guide was a chronicle of a trip to Spain written by an author from her island about fifty years ago." "What a coincidence! I know the book she was using, and let me tell you my friend, she chose an admirable companion for her journey through my country. I'm a passionate book collector and the other day I saw that very same book, Un Puertorriqueño en España, signed by the author, the long dead, but not forgotten, Rafael Pont Flores, in a local vintage bookshop. It was in excellent condition but a little overpriced for my taste, otherwise I would have bought it. Besides, I already own a copy." Darcy tried to suppress his excitement; in a poorly disguised casual manner he asked, "Interesting, would you tell me the name and address of that bookstore? I'm also a book collector and if I have time on this trip, I may want to peruse their offerings." "My good friend Mr. Darcy, you do not have to pretend with me. I will not give you the information you desire. My honor will not allow it! I will go today and if the book is still available, I will purchase it myself and send it to you. At no charge!" "Thank you Sr. Hidalgo, but I couldn't pretend..." "Please do not argue sir, unless you want to disrespect me!" With a grin he added, "Just tell me one thing my friend, is the lady worth it?" Lizzy had been very busy preparing for midterms: working with her study groups, writing essays, doing research, etc. Most Saturdays were occupied with her OWYP volunteer work. At the beginning of her junior year, she had been awarded a Collegiate Fellowship from Georgetown University's Student Financial Management Association. She was also a member of the Young Alumni Mentor Program. She participated in most activities offered by those student organizations but wasn't one hundred percent committed to either one. Although she took part in the roundtable discussions, information sessions and the professional development workshops as much as her busy schedule would allow. The highlight had been a trip to the New York Stock Exchange the previous year where she had surprised Robbie in his own office. Strictly speaking, Lizzy didn't have a life, or to be more precise, she had the life of a full time college student. Not that she was complaining, she was contented with her situation. Nothing else mattered at the moment, all her time was pretty much accounted for. Perhaps if the right person would come along, she might allow herself to be distracted, but only a little. A week later, Lizzy was having lunch with Charlotte and Jane in the Hoya Court at the Leavey Center, when a man looking straight at her approached their table. With a cheerful smile and in a British accent he said, "Pardon me ladies, may I ask for your opinion on the quality of the cuisine being served in this locality? Is it suitable for consumption?" He maintained his attention on Lizzy, who replied, "We love it very much but that would depend on your taste. We have custom salads, organic burgers and lean sandwiches. There are other establishments all around and so many choices that I believe almost anyone can satisfy their cravings." "Thank you, I will take your word for it. I think I will like it here." And he continued boldly, "I apologize for my intrepidity, you seem to be very nice ladies, would you mind if I introduce myself?" Since he kept looking at Lizzy, she responded. "By all means, go ahead!" "My name is George, George Wickham. And you are?" Lizzy felt a little uneasy with his directness but the man seemed friendly enough, therefore she surmised it was safe to engage him in conversation, especially since Charlotte and Jane were also there. "My name is Lizzy, and these are my friends Jane and Charlotte. Are you new here, perhaps an exchange student?" He seemed to be a little too old to be a student; late twenties, early thirties, but Lizzy didn't know what else to say. Wickham smiled. "I'm an American who spent too many years in London it seems. I'm also an assistant professor of computer science at this university." "Are you? That's interesting! Jane is in computer science too." Jane was also uneasy with the man's forwardness, but his outward affability appeased her to some extent and she asked him, "What is your area of specialization?" That question seemed to take him by surprise. He was a little hesitant at first, then, just as he was about to answer, a man approached their table and interrupted the conversation by walking behind Jane, giving her a big hug, and a kiss. Charles wanted to surprise Jane so he did exactly that! He knew that every Wednesday, Jane had lunch with Lizzy and Charlotte at the Hoya Court. That day he decided to change his eating venue and return to Georgetown University for a taste of the food he had enjoyed for so many years. The food establishments were a little different from what he remembered, although the atmosphere was the same. There were students using chairs, tables, the stairs, the floor, an even the lawn as their desks with their personal work areas and papers scattered all around. Some students were sleeping while twisting their bodies in the most awkward looking ways! It felt good to be back to the world of sleep deprivation. But the best part of his visit was the sight of his angel! Darcy came along for the food, or that's what he told Charles when he grudgingly accepted the invitation. In all honesty, he hadn't seen Lizzy since the dance a few weeks ago, and wished to see her again. He was immediately rewarded. What a stunning vision she was! He couldn't believe that at one time he had thought her anything but the most beautiful creature he'd ever beheld. She was happily engaged in conversation in a circle of people. Her radiant face was shining, her intelligent eyes were dancing with the tune of her enchanting voice and her delicate hands were moving playfully to support her statements. He meditated on the very great pleasure which a pair of fine eyes in the face of a stunning woman could bestow. He knew she could never be his, but that didn't stop his admiration, his longing, and his dreams about how great it would have been to have her permanently in his life. After a few more moments of silent admiration, he decided to approach her group. On his way to them he saw the man she was talking to, and froze. As Lizzy was chatting with Wickham and Charlotte, she could sense Darcy's intense stare on her. He had his usual disapproving look. She was trying hard to ignore him but was getting a little peeved. Eventually he seemed to have exhausted his visual faultfinding scrutiny and moved towards her small group; that's when Darcy saw Wickham. The moment their eyes met, Darcy's face betrayed the anger he felt and he turned red. His initial impulse was to go and beat the daylights out of the bastard. Wickham also colored when he saw Darcy, but his contrasting reaction was notable. He looked frightened, like a deer caught in the headlights. When Darcy calmed down, he greeted the ladies. Lizzy began the introductions but Darcy interrupted her. "There is no need for introductions, Wickham and I know each other very well, don't we Wickham?" The presence of the ladies served as a buffer between the men, which bolstered Wickham's resolve to challenge his enemy. "Of course Darcy, how are you and how is your lovely sister?" The moment Wickham mentioned his last words, Darcy again felt the urge to go and attack him. He took a step forward while Wickham took one backwards. Anticipating and dreading the beginning of a scuffle, Lizzy intervened interrupting their awkward dance. She quickly moved between the pair, scowling at Darcy and then smiling at Wickham, "George, have you seen the Lauinger Library? If you haven't I would like to show it to you, I have to go there now to meet my study group." "Why of course, thank you very much madam. Please, lead the way!" They left the others in a hurry without saying goodbye. Wickham was smirking, but Lizzy looked agitated. She felt embarrassed for her actions, but Darcy's aggressive behavior was intolerable; it was all she could do to avoid a serious confrontation in the Center Hall! She wasn't aware of the circumstances, although Darcy's hatred and Wickham's distress were evident. She respected George for standing up to Darcy even though she could sense his apprehension. Darcy promptly took off without looking back. Lizzy and Wickham walked chatting about general affairs until they arrived at the library. Once there, Wickham asked her if she wanted to have coffee afterwards. She agreed and three hours later, after Lizzy's study session was over, they met again in the Court. Lizzy told him a little bit about herself. She wanted to ask him how he knew Darcy but wasn't sure how to introduce the subject. She didn't have to; her curiosity was satisfied by the man himself. "How long have you known William Darcy?" "I've known him only for a few weeks. He's Charles' best friend and sometimes we cross paths when Charles brings him along. He is no favorite of mine, and I don't think he likes me either. What about you, how do you know him?" "We have known each other since our infancy. It's a long story; would you like to hear it?" "If you want." "My father was Chief Operating Officer of Darcy Enterprises, he was loved and respected by the whole Darcy family, to whom we were very close all our lives. I was named George after my godfather, the senior Mr. Darcy, who always treated me as a son. After my own father's death when I was fourteen years old, I moved to DC and Mr. Darcy promised to take care of me. I went to Georgetown University where he was paying my college tuition and all my expenses. My goal was to complete an advanced degree in Information Technology. After my graduation, there would be a job waiting for me in the company; his intention was to groom me until I became Chief Technology Officer of Darcy Enterprises." "I had completed my third year when poor Mr. Darcy died. That was a very sad time for me since I had learned to love him as a father. When it was time to pay the fees for my senior year, the funds weren't deposited. I appealed to Darcy, but he cut me off completely. I had to drop out of school and look for a job in order to survive. It became almost impossible to find suitable employment anywhere in DC. I'm not certain, but there was a suspicion about Darcy's influence behind every rejection." Lizzy was outraged, "This is so distressing! What did you do next?" "I joined the Air Force where I had the opportunity to travel the world. At the end of my enlistment period I moved to London where I quickly found a job in an American company. Then I enrolled in King's College where I completed my undergraduate, Masters and PhD degrees in Computer Science. This semester, as you already know, I became an assistant professor here. It has taken me a lot longer than originally planned, but here I am, still standing." Lizzy was a little skeptical. "This is an extraordinary tale that you have told me. There's something I don't understand about the funds that were allocated for you. Didn't Mr. Darcy leave some sort of written instructions to a financial institution, or a legal documentation to provide for you? Perhaps he added a provision in his will to fund your education? Why didn't you seek legal redress?" "The financial assistance was an informal one. Mr. Darcy was providing the funds periodically from his own personal account. There was no documentation except for his yearly deposits to my bank account. The following semester after Mr. Darcy passed away, when the funds didn't arrive and I applied to Darcy, he denied my request. He declared that his father had never mentioned nor asked to provide any assistance and he wasn't going to waste his hard earned money on me. It seems absurd but those were his exact words, I'll never forget them!" "He said that? How ruthless of him! Why would he be so malicious to you? Didn't you say you've known each other for years? Couldn't that have an effect on Darcy's feelings? Weren't you both good friends?" "We weren't as close as I would have wished. I don't know if you've noticed in your short acquaintance with him, but he's not the friendliest of gentlemen. Many times in my life I tried to befriend him but he always rejected me. He only allows certain people in his inner circle, and I was never one of them. Even when his father encouraged him to be closer to me, he wouldn't do it. I couldn't understand why. I always suspected that he was envious of his father's preference for me, but I never noticed any jealousy on his part. At least I didn't want to believe that this was his main motivation. It could also have been my lack of wealth or my inferior relations according to his standards. Only he truly knows the reason why." Lizzy persisted. "Is he the sole heir of all the assets left by his father? Weren't there other family members you could make your case to?" "His mother is a sweet lady but she has never been involved in matters of the estate. Besides, I wasn't very close to her. Darcy has a younger sister who used to love me as a brother. I reached to her trying to find out if she could be of assistance with my predicament, but I was sadly disappointed once again. I wasn't even allowed to state my case. It was a bigger shock for me because I already suspected that Darcy didn't like me, but I thought she was different. She is very proud just like her brother. She's nothing to me now." Lizzy felt he had become melancholic and tried to rally his spirits. "I'm glad you persisted with your goal and saw it through by your own effort. That shows the strength of your character, you should be very proud. I congratulate you on all your achievements and wish you the best until you accomplish all your objectives in life." He gave Lizzy his trademark flirtatious smile and said, "Thank you. Today I have added a new goal, related to a certain gorgeous brunette from an enchanting Caribbean island." Lizzy blushed and responded. "Well Mr. Wickham, I wish you good luck again. I have to go now. Hopefully we'll see each other again sometime around campus." "Hey, that's not fair! You have me at a disadvantage. You already know so much about me and all I know is your hometown and the fact that you are a student here. I would like to learn more about you and your beautiful island. Are you busy Friday night?" "I'm not busy, what do you have in mind?" They made the arrangements to meet for dinner and a movie. That same night Lizzy called her brother and retold George's story. Her brother advised her not to take everything he had said at face value since she didn't know if his story could be truthful. He also counseled her to keep the story to herself and withhold her opinion until all the facts were clear to her. "But Robbie, all his looks were so truthful, and he gave all those details without ceremony. I know that Darcy is capable of something like this; he thinks he's above everyone and he can do as he pleases. And he can be so cruel! Of that I have personal experience." "He cannot be that bad Lizzy. Didn't you tell me that Jane thinks very highly of him? Besides, Charles is a very nice fellow and I don't think he would associate with Darcy if he was so morally deficient. The guy is probably just a judgmental and arrogant snob. That may be his only fault." Lizzy said, "Charles is a good person, although he's a biased source as he may not be acquainted with the whole story. As for Jane, she's an angel who wouldn't think badly of anyone if she could." Robbie said, "I'm just saying that you are not completely certain so you should hold your judgment until all the particulars are indisputable. You don't know anything about Wickham apart from his tales of woe. What if he's not what he seems?" "I don't care enough about Darcy to consider any other possibility. In any case, even if I ask him, I'm sure he's too proud to even mention George to me. You should have seen the contemptuous look he gave him. For my part, I won't change my mind. I still think about each of them as I did before." "Ok, Sissy Lizzy, just keep an open mind. Good luck with your date! Let me know if he does anything to hurt you, as I will be there in a flash to break his neck!" "Ha, ha. I love you too brother, good bye." It had been over a year since Lizzy last had a date. And it wasn't for a lack of admirers or suitors. During her first year and a half of college, she had gone out with a few of her peers, but after one or two casual dates, they would just stop seeing each other. They either parted ways politely, or she would stop answering their calls or texts. In extreme cases however, for dense guys who wouldn't understand the meaning of the simple phrase 'not interested', she would enlist the help of Charlotte and she always came through. They didn't know that Charlotte had an invisible ally. In the winter of her sophomore year she decided to stop dating altogether and concentrate on her education. So far she had kept her resolution. Lizzy was very idealistic, that is, only the deepest feeling would induce her into any type of romantic relationship. So far she hadn't found anyone that would spark any emotion inside of her. There had been one person, a few weeks ago in a dance, but it came to nothing after she learned of his true nature. Sometimes there had been guys who had expressed interest and flirted with her and in a few occasions she would even give them her phone number, but she would never answer their calls. Her main priorities were her studies and her school activities, and she kept her resolution. This time, she liked the guy. He was handsome, well mannered, entertaining, and showed real interest in her. He had potential. What a contrast to that other man who, she had to admit, was more pleasing in appearance, and when he chose to, could be so agreeable. But he had such an unpleasant personality. He was arrogant, an elitist, and as she now learned, had an implacable character. 'I wonder how he would feel if he knew my real status? Would he stop his disapproving stares? Would he see me in another light? No! Impossible! No matter how much consequence I have, he'll find a way to belittle me. To him I am and always will be a lowly Puerto Rican! A pet project or a charity case. From the very first moment he saw me he demonstrated his contempt and his pride and prejudice.' It was a shame! In any other circumstance... She forced herself to stop thinking of him and focus on Wickham. It took her a long time to decide what to wear. She finally settled on a simple dress she had purchased at the mall. That would do for a first date. She wanted to impress George but didn't want to seem too eager either. This was a very expensive article of clothing from a fashion store in the mall, but Lizzy viewed it as a plain dress. She arrived on time to their prearranged dinner location. After 30 minutes waiting for George to arrive, she realized he had stood her up. She left the place very disappointed. Unwilling to go home because Charlotte was there ready and eager to listen to all the details about her exciting date, she went to the movies by herself. She remembered arriving at the theater, buying a ticket and sitting in a chair, but nothing else. She was in a state of mental confusion. For some odd reason, she felt relieved. Even though she had been looking forward to furthering her acquaintance with George, there was something about him that had made her uneasy. Perhaps it was his boldness, or the fact that he had been so eager to share his sad story with her, a complete stranger. What if Robbie had a point and Wickham was a bald-faced liar? He didn't even have the decency to call her to cancel the date or to excuse himself. On the other hand, he seemed so sincere and honest. And Darcy could be so... vicious, just like a raccoon. She remembered his words at the Meridian Ball; he would do anything in his power to keep down those below him in order to protect his way of life. There was a strong possibility that the insufferable man was merely discharging his duty, as he himself so eloquently declared, to keep George down where he belonged. Maybe he somehow forced poor George to leave town. She wouldn't put it past him. Lizzy's feelings about Darcy at this point were as low as they had ever been. What Lizzy didn't know was that Darcy had nothing to do with Wickham's premature disappearance. The coconspirators were much closer to her. It had been Mr. Benes and Robbie who were behind Wickham's early departure from Lizzy's life. Mr. Benes employed a stealth bodyguard team continually monitoring Lizzy to provide real time protection, especially against kidnapping, just because they were so overprotective of her. They had been shadowing Lizzy since her freshman year and they were so skilled that she never suspected anything. Some of the team operatives were known to her, they were people she interacted with from day to day: the security guards at Longbourn Complex, a fellow student from the same department as her, another student always present at her school activities, a custodian who was always at her OWYP classes, a friend of a friend, and so on. There were many others, some she'd never laid eyes on. They were all experienced professionals who took their jobs very seriously. Charlotte wasn't aware about this either, Robbie didn't want to scare her. Besides, if Lizzy ever found out she would be very upset and ask them to discontinue her protection. That was not an option. She was too valuable and important to them. They would continue the covert protection until Lizzy was safely home again or until she was married. Married to the right man of course. Before Lizzy had even begun the phone call with Robbie, he already had a detailed record of Wickham's life and it had immediately set off alarms. He had a long history of gambling, unpaid debts, alcohol abuse, drug use and womanizing. There was also a suspicion of pedophilia, although the identity of the victim and the circumstances were concealed by the girl's family; no charges were filed against him. Robbie could have dug deeper to find out the details and the family but he respected their efforts to keep this secret. Besides, there was already enough information about the villain to warrant an immediate separation from Lizzy. Wickham was low in cash and was looking for an opportunity to make some money. It had been an easy solution for Mr. Benes to have one of his contacts offer this greedy bastard a very lucrative opportunity out of state, far away from Lizzy. The job was as a sales representative for a computer software company. All of his pseudo-impressive education consisted of an Associate Degree in Information Technology from a Community College, although his resume for his social network and career search websites was heavily padded. However, despite all his deficiencies, to be fair to the man, he was an outstanding salesman. To the satisfaction of everyone involved, Wickham accepted without hesitation. He was going 'Back to Californy' in style! The Friday of his date with Lizzy he left for San Francisco in the afternoon. In keeping with his character, he didn't even bother to call her to cancel the date and explain himself. What he didn't know was that this time they were onto him. Lizzy didn't have to say anything when she returned to the apartment. The moment Charlotte perceived her sad countenance, she knew something had gone wrong and didn't ask for any details about the date. Instead she went to the fridge, took the slow churned caramel praline crunch ice cream tub, two spoons, sat with Lizzy at the table, and together they made short order of their favorite dessert. No words were exchanged. Charlotte knew how to comfort her friend. Lizzy felt much relieved and went to bed.
A/N: I want to thank my lovely wife and my beautiful daughter for helping me catch some horrible spelling/grammar errors. I have one brief note. If you want to follow my inspiration for the performance of a very special person in this chapter, please read the chapter and then follow this link: watch?v=8fKKiaSLLEY. That's all I have to say. I lied, Jane Austen was da bomb! Chapter 7 - The Party at Charles Bingley's House - Part 1 "Look there! It's two Cedar Waxwings! I love their smooth, shiny feathers, their odd droopy crests, and the masks over their eyes. I call them the flying outlaws. If you observe carefully, you can spot a few tiny red lines on the tips of their wings. Do you see them? Those are droplets of the blood they have shed in all their crimes! Occasionally they get very drunk when they eat berries that are too ripe. When they do, they become crazy kamikaze pilots!" The three young ladies from Longbourn Complex were strolling through the park behind their home when Lizzy cheekily interrupted their conversation to remark on the fortuitous appearance of the curious birds. Earlier that day they had been invited to a party at Charles' house on the following Saturday. Even after Charles himself had virtually begged her to attend with promises of great fun, tasty food, and a big surprise, Lizzy still was reluctant to go. She didn't want to be near Caroline and Darcy; she was resolute on her decision not to attend a party where one of the hosts was going to be that insolent girl. Meanwhile, Charlotte and Jane were trying to convince her to go. "Lizzy, we know how much you love birds, and they are beautiful, but please, don't change the subject. Do you remember when you told me you weren't going to let the WC intimidate you anymore? I know how much you like to socialize and meet new people. More importantly honey, you need to give yourself a break since you've been so consumed with school the last few weeks. Are you going to let them ruin a perfect opportunity to have a good time? You're going to let them influence your life? That's not the Lizzy I know!" "But Charlotte, you know I won't have any fun with those two there! I'd rather stay home and rest, maybe read a good novel or watch a movie. I promise you both, while you are at the party, I'll be enjoying some refreshing R&R and won't do any school work." Jane was saddened by her friend's reaction. It reminded her of that night before the Meridian Ball. "It won't be the same without you. If you don't go, I'll be worried the whole night, and I won't have a good time. I'd rather stay home with you. Please Lizzy; don't let Will and Caroline dictate how and when you can pursue your happiness. You have to send a clear message to those rascals that your courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate you! Seeing you there enjoying yourself will affect those scoundrels more than knowing that they kept you from doing something that could give you pleasure. Let's beat those hooligans at their own game!" Lizzy and Charlotte were astounded! "Who are you, and what have you done with our angel? That's the wittiest and most unforgiving speech I've ever heard you make! How very clever of you to use my own words to stress your point! You're both so right; I won't be intimidated! I'm going to Charles' party and we'll have a very merry time there!" Jane and Charlotte pumped their fists in the air as they exclaimed, "That's our Lizzy!" With a mischievous grin, Lizzy added, "So, Jane, are you going to tell us about Charles' big surprise? Perhaps it involves a ring?" "Lizzy! Your conjecture, as flattering and attractive as it may sound, is very mistaken and too premature. Although I like Charles very, very much, we've only known each other for a few weeks. I'm not ready and I'm sure he's not prepared for such a significant commitment." "I know, sorry Jane, I'm just a hopeless romantic." "If you show him more affection than you feel, he may be inclined to give you a ring," added a smug Charlotte. "Charlotte! How can you say that? Jane has made an excellent point; it's too early in their relationship for anything serious. There's so much she needs to learn about his character! All she knows is that they both like Yahtzee and Pictionary rather than Settlers of Catan and, God forbid, Monopoly! That's not enough of a foundation on which to base a marriage." Jane was beginning to feel uncomfortable and tried to shift the attention away from her. "Lizzy, now that you mention board games, I've been wanting to tell you a very interesting fact. It's uncanny that your taste is so similar to Will's. You both prefer chess and Monopoly, in exactly that same order. You both hate Poker and love to play Spanish Brisca with passion. What are the odds?" This time it was Lizzy's turn to blush. She tried to hide it but it was impossible. So she went on the offensive. "Not my Brisca! That horrible man can't hijack my favorite card game! You said he loves something with passion? Other than himself, of course! I can't believe he doesn't like poker! With that insufferable, permanent sneer, he could be a master. Why, he could disarm anyone with his contemptuous looks!" Charlotte laughed. 'Ah Lizzy, you're so confused! Your lips tell a story while your body tells another. Now you're contradicting yourself. I'm going to have some fun at your expense!' "Oh how sweet, honey! It appears that he has disarmed you with his looks!" Lizzy blushed again. "Whoa! I meant to say as he disables... No, as he weakens... No, as he affronts me! That's it! They both do, the WC! Enough about them! Going back to our dear Jane, if you're referring to the affection she feels for Charles, it's so transparent. If he cannot perceive her regard for him he must be a simpleton!" "It's so obvious for us only because we know our Jane so well," Charlotte persisted. "Remember, he doesn't know her disposition as we do. I'm just saying that if she wants to secure him she must..." "Hello! Jane is here, present and accounted for! Please don't distress me with that talk. Let's focus on happier thoughts. Lizzy is coming to the party! Lizzy is coming to the party! Oh yeah!" She began spinning with Lizzy and soon the three friends were dancing and having a delightful time. The next day, in the morning, the Chairman of the Board's office door was suddenly opened by an irreverent employee, interrupting his concentration. "Boss, do you have a minute? I have an important matter to discuss with you." "Boss? Did you just call me boss? This must be serious indeed! Here's my wallet. Take whatever you need. I promise I won't ask any questions. Just be more careful next time. Go on child, run along. I'm busy." "Ha, ha. Very funny! Will, you know you're my best friend, right?" "Well, I see, this is serious. You have my undivided attention for the next five minutes. Go ahead, say your piece; the clock is ticking." "All right, my intention is not to affront you by my request. This is in regards to my party on Saturday. There's a tiny little favor I want to ask of you. I invited my dear Jane, and her roommates. One of them was very reluctant to come, due to some unfortunate encounters she's had with two of my closest acquaintances..." "Charles, can you please cut to the chase?" "Ok. I already talked to Caroline and she promised to stay away from Lizzy. She laughed when I asked her, saying it would be a pleasure rather than a sacrifice. Now I'm asking you to do the same. Will you please keep your distance from her?" "What? You want me to ignore Elizabeth? What if we find ourselves face to face or if she addresses me? Should I give her the cold shoulder and be uncivil?" "That's exactly what I'm trying to avoid. You don't have to ignore her. Can you at least be a gentleman and avoid being rude to her?" "I don't understand this situation; did Elizabeth herself request to be safeguarded from me?" "No! Of course not! She's too sweet and reserved to disparage you, or even Caroline. At least not in my presence. It was Jane who succinctly suggested this. To be honest, we don't know how Lizzy feels about you. Whenever your name is mentioned, she behaves in an unpredictable manner. That's what Jane tells me and I have noticed it too. We don't know if she feels deep admiration or a profound hate for you, or maybe her feelings are conflicted. In any case, can you please keep your distance from Lizzy if at all possible? I wouldn't want you to keep antagonizing her, or worse yet, for you to lead her on. It could become very uncomfortable for Jane and me." "I don't know what to say. Perhaps it'll be better if I stay away from your party?" "No way man! That's not even an alternative! This is exactly the reason why I was so reluctant to mention this to you. Because I knew you would react this way. Please Will, I want you to come, no, I need you to come to my party! Besides, Caroline will never forgive me if you don't." "That's another incentive for not going! I believe I'll be busy with a work emergency Saturday night. Sorry Charles, but you got what you wanted." "Nonsense! You will come to my party, and if you don't I'll come get you and drag you there myself. If you disappear, I'll miss my party as well. Then, Jane will be upset with you!" "Ok fine, I'll go to your party and will endeavor to behave myself, but I won't make any promises. I'll limit my interactions with Elizabeth if I can, and will entertain your sister. You better feed me well; I'm expecting strong liquor." "I'll do anything! Thank you my friend. You don't know how relieved I am. We're going to have a great time! Remember, I have a big surprise! You don't want to miss it! Sayonara, Boss!" As soon as Charles left, Darcy stood and moved to the window. 'What you want my friend, is what I've been trying to do for the last few weeks and exactly what I can't do. I want to distance myself from her, to erase her from my memory, but it's impossible! The more I try to stop thinking about her, the more she attracts me. I have to remember how unsuitable she is for me! I'll consider Caroline… No! That will never happen!' He looked at the sky. There were some puffy clouds. One of them slightly resembled the face of a pretty woman. He smiled. 'So there's a possibility she likes me. Maybe she has strong feelings for me. I remember the way she acted during our dance, I noticed her blush even when she tried to hide it. Maybe... No! That's impossible! She's not worthy to be a Darcy! Not worthy! Forget her!' The day of the party, as the girls got ready; Lizzy noticed that Charlotte had really outdone herself. "I can understand why Jane is taking such a long time to look her best, although all she needed was five minutes, because, as Charles always says, 'how can you improve on perfection?' But you too Charlotte? You look so sexy and refined, you didn't tell us you have a love interest in the party?" "Not one but many. I want to appear my best and show off all my good features because I want to attract my future husband among Charles' rich friends. I know there will be a wealthy guy desperate to meet a nice and interesting girl. Since Jane is taken and Lizzy is dressing up as a vagabond with that 'ugly' blouse, as she calls it, even though she looks as bewitching as Jane, I believe I'll snatch a good man tonight!" Lizzy protested, "I wouldn't even begin to dream that I could be at the same level as our goddess Jane. She's about five times prettier than me!" Jane smiled at her innocent friend. "Please Lizzy, don't be modest; you are so gorgeous, even without makeup and with your beautiful natural curls in that pony tail. If I was a guy, I would choose you first!" "Hey, what about me?" "I would choose you too Charlotte! Now that we're ready, let's go and find us some men!" Lizzy chuckled, "Jane, you know I'm recording this conversation and I'll show it to Charles as soon as we arrive at the party!" "You won't do that Miss Lizzy!" When the girls arrived at Charles' house, the party was already in full swing. Charles greeted them with warm hugs and offered them food and drinks. Then, he whisked Jane away because he wanted to introduce his angel to all his friends. Charlotte came across some associates from work and started a conversation with them. Lizzy remained with Charlotte but after a while she began to move around the house. She went to the kitchen to grab a water bottle and came across Caroline and Darcy. Caroline didn't seem very pleased to see her but made polite conversation. Darcy, as usual remained silent while staring at her. After a few minutes of Caroline's monologue about the fine house, the excellent decorations, the exquisite food, and the superiority of the people assembled, Caroline taking all the credit of course, Lizzy excused herself and moved to another room of the house. The room seemed to have been intended as a library. There were some pictures of pretty landscapes on the walls. The shelves had a few books with many framed pictures, most of Caroline, and lots of figurines. 'This is a waste of decent shelf space. I wonder how many worthy books would fit in this pseudo library. It may do a world of good for Caroline to read more and look at herself less, ha!' In the corner of the room there was a girl who seemed to have been distracted by a book. When Lizzy recognized who it was, she immediately went to her and gave her a big hug. "Mary! Is it really you? Am I dreaming? How are you my dear friend?" "Lizzy! I'm so happy that I decided to come to this party because I finally found you. We haven't seen each other in such a long time!" "Yes, ever since... uh… Anyway, please tell me everything that's been going on with you, Aunt Alice, Uncle Ralph, Ralphie and Nicky. Oh, I've missed you all so much!" Mrs. Alice Gardiner, Mary's mother, had been Lizzy's music teacher since she was four years old until she graduated from high school. She used to travel to Puerto Rico once or twice a month for all those years to coach her favorite student. Lizzy had also visited the Gardiner residence in North Carolina many times with her mother. She hadn't had any contact with them for over a year and she lost track of them. Consequently, it was a big surprise to see Mary and she was delighted to learn that she was a freshman at Georgetown University. Mary was very fond of her friend, but deep inside she had always been jealous of her, because she knew that Lizzy had been blessed with the intelligence, the beauty, the talents, the willingness and the perseverance to excel in almost anything she put her mind to, and the infinite wealth to do anything she wanted. But she could never have any ill feelings towards Lizzy because she was such a nice person and they had a great friendship from the time they were little girls. Besides, Lizzy had always been her role model. She was the reason Mary was at Georgetown University, and now that they found each other again, she knew Lizzy would continue to be close to her which made her very happy. Lizzy continued with her raptures. "I am so looking forward to seeing Aunt and Uncle Gardiner again! We have to visit them as soon as we can! Now tell me more about all of you guys." They spent the next half hour happily getting acquainted with each other's lives. Lizzy took her to meet Charlotte and Jane and the others at the party. She introduced Mary as her cousin from Raleigh. A few days before, Mary was having lunch with a friend when Caroline showed up to invite her friend to the party. Caroline had no choice but to invite Mary as well. The party continued, everyone was having a good time. Caroline and Darcy kept their distance from Lizzy and she was glad she didn't have to deal with them. Sometimes she would turn to find Darcy staring at her. That made her a little uncomfortable. She wasn't certain if his look was of admiration or disapprobation. Based on his apparent haughtiness, she supposed it was the latter. At that moment she couldn't care less. She was now used to his disdain and since the feeling was mutual, she decided to just ignore him and continue chatting with her friends. Poor Darcy was dying inside. He had to endure Caroline's company for the entire night when all he wanted was to be with Elizabeth. He wished to warn her about Wickham but wasn't sure how to approach her without breaking his promise to Charles. Even if he dared to secure a tête-à-tête with her, he wasn't sure how much of Wickham's offenses to reveal, or if she would be receptive to his warnings. Besides, he didn't know how he would act if he was alone with her. He thought it might be better not to tempt the unknown. Therefore, he satisfied himself with just admiring her from afar. Caroline noticed Darcy's sickening fixation on Eliza and couldn't hold her spite. "Will, did you look at Eliza? I don't think she has any makeup on and her hair looks wild. Her attire is tasteless; I know she's poor, but does she have to appear so too? Why didn't she borrow a decent dress from her friends, or maybe she could have asked her boyfriend Robbie to buy her another fancy outfit? It shows a lack of respect for Charles. She seems to possess an abominable sort of conceited independence, a most countrified indifference to decorum." Darcy had noticed Lizzy's appearance from the first moment he saw her. She looked naturally radiant! He imagined that's how she would look early in the morning or late at night and that thought made him want her even more. In order to suppress those feelings, he tried to observe her with a critical eye, but any small flaw he could perceive, for instance, a very tiny mole over her lip, was turned into another reminder of her perfection. He was contemplating the idea of leaving the party then and there, when Charles interrupted him before he had the chance to answer Caroline and depart in exasperation. Charles turned off the background music and walked to one side of the large room. There was a large blanket covering some furniture. He proceeded to remove the blanket, throwing it in a hamper. A stage-like area appeared with a high tech Bose speaker system and a large iMac computer with an aluminum stand resting on top of a wheeled cart. Charles moved the cart in front of the stage and placed four wireless headsets on the cart next to the iMac. He put on one of the headsets and called out everyone's attention. "Now I bring you my big surprise! A singing competition! We're not talking karaoke here; this is a serious talent show. Tonight we will choose the best singer present. Don't be shy; we want to hear you all. Even you Dennis. Everyone will have a chance. We have only one important rule, there will be no recordings! So, put your smartphones away and enjoy the spectacle!" He took a small box from inside the cart, opened it, extracted a pewter and gold microphone trophy, removed it from the plastic wrap, and showed it to everyone. "The winner will receive this exceptional trophy. Although, I suspect that this beauty will remain in this house, because I'm adding a Catch-22, a no win scenario, to this competition. I'll make it almost impossible for any of you to win as I'll perform the very first song myself. The problem with this is that I'll set such a high standard that you'll be disappointed with all the average performers to follow and will undoubtedly choose me as the winner and will clamor for my return to the stage for an encore!" Everyone laughed hard and they were not disappointed. Charles sang Doc Pomus/Mort Shuma's, 'Save the Last Dance for Me'. He copied Michael Buble's style, singing while dancing playfully with Jane and twirling her around. Baby don't you know I love you so? Can't you feel it when we touch? I will never, never let you go I love you oh so much To the surprise and amusement of everyone, he did a fabulous job with that catchy song. Jane was in dreamland. So don't forget who's taking you home Or in whose arms you're gonna be So darling, save the last dance for me When he was done, everyone cheered and applauded wildly. Caroline was invited next by Charles and she moved with some alacrity to the stage. She selected the song 'Un-Break My Heart', by Diane Warren. The song wasn't very difficult or demanding; her interpretation was very good. Her voice wasn't strong but she had learned good vocal techniques and knew her limits. As she was singing she made some seductive moves while keeping her teasing eyes fixed on Darcy. He was looking everywhere but at Caroline. Lizzy was relishing the moment seeing her futile but determined attempts to lure her man and the way he would openly reject her. 'They make such a ridiculous couple! Other guests succeeded Caroline and they were, if not great performers, at least, entertaining. Lizzy was enjoying herself immensely; she was glad she listened to her friends and came to the party. At one time she considered that it would be amusing to join in the fun and sing herself, but this thought only lasted for a brief moment. 'No, I'm not ready for this yet. Besides, I don't perform for strangers.' After a few more songs and to Lizzy's surprise, Mary decided to try her luck. She was very anxious to prove to her hero how much she had improved since the last time they've been together. She became very daring and decided to choose a very difficult song that she had always sang when she was alone. The song was 'I'll Always Love You', composed by Dolly Parton. Mary tried to imitate Whitney Houston's interpretation, but failed miserably. She couldn't hit the high notes. Her pitch was also a little off-key but she wasn't aware of it. At first Lizzy was excited with Mary's bold selection, but when the song began playing she was hesitant. Then when the disaster was unfolding she was mortified for poor Mary. She was standing close enough to Caroline and Darcy to overhear her cruel remarks. "That sounds so horrible, please put me out of my misery. So, this is Eliza's cousin, wonder if Eliza is next to offer us the sequel to that horrible song. She is probably worse than her cousin, if such thing is possible." Darcy didn't say anything. He nodded to Caroline as if to agree with her and kept his sickening stoic expression. Lizzy was furious! All her ill feelings about that odious couple were filling her head with so much pressure. She recalled the first time she heard them talk about her at the mall, their argument at the Meridian Ball, and Wickham's fiasco. She was so upset that she decided to go home. As she was walking to the front door, she was shocked to learn that Caroline wasn't the only one abusing poor Mary. 'How tasteless... What an appalling display... She's ridiculous... Painful... That girl is awful!" Lizzy was incensed! She couldn't believe people could be so cruel. It was intolerable! Something had to be done to protect sweet innocent Mary from these rapacious wolves. At that moment, something clicked inside her. She decided to rise to the challenge. Her anxiety was forgotten. She was going to assist Mary in taking a cruel revenge on all of those people. 'This is going to be so sweet, they are going to regret each and every ill remark they have uttered about Mary!' When the song ended, everyone was relieved and applauded enthusiastically but only with sarcasm and with the obvious intention of getting her off the stage. Mary mistook the applause and believing they wanted an encore, setup in search of another song for her public. Lizzy promptly went to the stage and whispered something to Mary. Her eyes were sparkling with passion and her cheeks were pinkish, her courage at its peak and rising. Mary was disconcerted but remained next to Lizzy. Lizzy began by rearranging the small stage. The monitor and stand were moved to the rear leaving the area clear for everyone to see their performance. With her left foot she traced an imaginary line expanding the stage and asked everyone to move back. She took off her ponytail and shook her head letting her natural soft curls flow freely over and behind her delicate shoulders. Then she began a few vocal warmups; humming and making other strange sounds: "Hmm… rrrr… wooo… ma ma ma ma ma ma ma… mi me ma mo mu…" Charlotte immediately went to Jane and Charles. She seemed as excited as a five year old girl about to open a gift, beginning to speak fast like a runaway train. "Charles, you have to record this, it's going to be huge! Don't let her see you! You can't share this video with anyone, you have to promise! It's extremely important! And don't let anyone else record her! I'll explain later. Oh, my heart is aflutter!" Charles was amused and heartily agreed with everything she said. "Certainly!... Got it covered... I promise… I promise... I won't... I can't wait!" Lizzy repeated her exercises a few more times, then took a sip of water and a deep breath. After embracing Mary and whispering some encouraging words to her, she went to the iMac and found their song. Ignoring the sneers and murmurs of some of the people present, she turned on the headset. While directing her eyes to Caroline, with a mixture of impertinence and sweetness she began to speak. "Since you all have been so kind and have cheered on my cousin so generously, we will now reward you with a sequel, this time a duet. From 'The Phantom of the Opera', by Andrew Lloyd Webber, 'Sing for Me.' Enjoy!" Caroline held Lizzy's gaze and was delighted. She muttered to Darcy, "Oh my, she's so pathetic! What a ridiculous exhibition. This is capital, now we will see both cousins disgrace themselves. She couldn't have chosen a more challenging song. I think she's drunk, look at her cheeks, so red!" Darcy only perceived her natural beauty and those fiery eyes! When she let her hair loose he gasped. Luckily Caroline didn't notice as she was fixedly glaring at Lizzy. Although he was disappointed with her and suspected it was going to be a bigger disaster than before, he was hoping for a small miracle, or at minimum that Elizabeth wasn't going to be too bad. When the music intro began, Lizzy moved away to the far edge of the stage, her back to everyone. Then she began to sing, turning around slowly and moving forward. In sleep he sang to me In dreams he came That voice which calls to me and speaks my name And do I dream again for now I find The Phantom of the Opera is there Inside my mind From the moment Lizzy sang the first note, the whole room fell silent. Her soprano voice was strong, bright, clear, and her diction was impeccable. She immediately showcased her composure and self-confidence. As she was singing, her deep penetrating eyes were fixed on those particular people who had uttered the insults to Mary. Mary stood next to her and began to sing, concentrating all her attention on Lizzy. Sing once again with me Our strange duet My power over you grows stronger yet And though you turn from me to glance behind The Phantom of the Opera is there Inside your mind To everyone's surprise and to Lizzy's satisfaction, Mary did an excellent job. Her voice was just right for the part she was singing. They were acting out the play, both moving all around the expanded stage area Lizzy had setup. Those who have seen your face Draw back in fear I am the mask you wear Lizzy was simply admirable. It's me they hear... Mary was now a far cry from the girl who had previously received all the unflattering remarks. Your/My spirit and my/your voice in one combined The Phantom of the Opera is there/here Inside your/my mind When they sang together, their voices blended very well. They were both singing with increasing poise and intensity. Mary continued with a strong execution revealing her gain in confidence. Lizzy had begun singing out of anger, but now she was acting out the role of Christine! Her performance was breathtaking. Her low notes were rich and full of body. Her high notes pure and brilliant. She lightened up the stage with her magnificent aura, channeling both innocence and sensuousness. It was surreal; she made everyone feel as if they were transported to a theater far away. They sang another sequence together in perfect harmony, demonstrating strong confidence with each other and a powerful connection with the song. And then the final part of the song began. Sing, my angel of music! Mary was executing the phantom's role with ferocity. She felt invincible! He's there, the Phantom of the Opera With each note coming from Lizzy's enchanting mouth, the people in the room became more hypnotized by her. Sing for me! Ah! ah! ah! ah! Lizzy sang a high note, her wonderful voice held firm and steady. Sing! Ah! ah! ah! ah! She hit a higher note and it was supernatural. The crowd knew they were witnessing something extraordinary. Sing! Ah! ah! ah! ah! While singing higher and higher notes, Lizzy kept moving forward. She turned from facing Mary to focus on a picture on the wall. Everyone was transfixed, following her every move like automatons. Sing! Ah! ah! ah! ah! They were holding their breaths, spellbound. Sing for me! AAAAAH! Lizzy's finale, a very high, perfectly pitched and off the chart E6 note, sang with tremendous power and deep emotion, stunned the audience! Those were five seconds of pure heaven! Then, it was over. The room fell in total silence. They were in a daze; no one dared to interrupt the moment. Lizzy embraced Mary and together they walked off the stage. The pair was stared at with awe. Lizzy was smiling to herself while Mary seemed to be under the same spell as everyone else. With her arm around Mary's shoulder, Lizzy guided her out into the balcony to cool off. Once outside, Mary came to life and embraced Lizzy again. "Lizzy, that was amazing; I can't believe how incredible your voice is! You reached that impossible last note so perfectly!" "Thank you Mary, your mother is partly responsible for that." "Yes she is, but only you can pull that off! Wait till she hears about this! Lizzy, thank you for rescuing me. Please be honest, was I that bad on my own?" "You weren't that bad. It was the people in this place that infuriated me so much. They were being very disrespectful towards you." "Lizzy, you don't have to be so nice about it, I must have sounded horrible! I know how much you hate performing for strangers; you would never put on a show like that if it wasn't because you knew how embarrassed I would have been had I continued my awful routine." "Hey, you did fantastic in our duet. You were phenomenal! All you have to do is choose songs that suit your beautiful, harmonious, and powerful contralto voice and you will do great. You proved it just now!" "Thank you Lizzy. I love you. I'm so tired now, I feel emotionally drained. I think I'm going back to my dorm. Will I see you again soon?" "Of course you'll see me. You'll get tired of me! We have to plan a visit to your parent's house very soon. I think I'll stay here a little while longer. Good night Mary." "Good night Lizzy." Darcy was going out of his mind. When the song began, he really wanted Elizabeth to do well, but he would never have expected to witness such an unbelievable performance. It had been magical. He couldn't believe it, this song tonight was far better than any other he had heard before. He had seen that play in Broadway a few times, as a matter of fact, it was one of his favorites. Elizabeth Benes was the ultimate Christine Daaé, always revealing more and more beauty, talents and accomplishments, and now he was completely lost. When he saw her leading her friend to the balcony, his favorite place in Charles' house, he figured that was another indication of how totally similar they were. 'Even in the choice of rooms we have the same taste! I don't care about anything else anymore! She's the one! Damned be the world if it tries to oppose me!' When he caught sight of Mary leaving while Lizzy remained on the balcony, he took advantage of the perfect opportunity to make his move.
A/N: Here is the next chapter. A quick note, I would like to thank my precious daughter for editing grammar errors and providing suggestions. Warning: Lizzy is going to cry a lot in the next few chapters. Please don't be mad at me, it'll be good for her; she needs to in order to release some repressed emotions and grow to become more and more exceptional. Darcy also may shed a tear or two; underneath that mask we all know he's a deeply emotional kind-hearted fellow. I'm just saying. Enjoy. Chapter 08 - The Party at Charles Bingley's House - Part 2 Lizzy was relaxing in the small terrace, lulled by the cool October night. The landscape before her was revitalizing; abounding in wooded areas with the illuminated U.S. Capitol Building as the focal point. The imposing Dome looked immaculate. It was ironic to her as she had read somewhere that this structure had more than 1,000 cracks and deficiencies. From this balcony though, from a distance, it seemed so perfect. Nearby, the reflecting light from the waxing gibbous moon rising high above the Dome allowed the topmost canopies of the forests to shimmer softly. The wind gently tousled her curls along the sides of her face. She was meditating on her breathing, and the caresses of the gentle breeze in her face and body added to calm her state of mind. Then, she began to reflect on her performance. At first she had been concerned that her vocal cords had been strained due to her lack of practice. It had been such a long time since she had pushed them to the limit. It was unbelievable but it all came out so effortlessly that she even surprised herself. The whole performance turned out smoothly. Still, she felt great; she drank the warm water just to be sure though, to soothe her throat. 'Those warm up exercises really did work! Thank you, Aunt Alice!' She still couldn't believe what she had done. Under no circumstances would she have ever considered the possibility of doing something so audacious: to perform in front of all those strangers! Protecting Mary energized the adrenaline pulsing through her body at that moment which provided all the impetus she needed. 'I guess it's true, my courage always rises!' She was proud to have been partly responsible for her good friend's marked improvement. Mary was such a sweet girl, all she wanted was to show Lizzy her skills. She was singing with so much enthusiasm! Her youthful excitement was so appealing! It was unfortunate that she had selected the wrong song. None of that mattered anymore; at the end everything turned up hunky-dory. Mary showcased her strong, beautiful voice and everyone was amazed. The stunned look on those people's faces was priceless! Especially on one person's in particular… Once again she began to think about him. The way he would stare at her was so disconcerting. On a few occasions she could detect a few hints of admiration; why else would he be so persistently watching her? One time she decided to retaliate and stare back at him. In that moment she was able to glance into his deep brown eyes and almost lost herself in them. She flushed lightly and quickly averted her eyes. That was the last time she dared venture another gaze at him. He was such a confusing man; a jigsaw puzzle with too many missing pieces, leaving you unable to see the whole picture. Was he the interesting man she met at that magical dance? Perhaps he really was passionately admiring her? 'Lizzy, you are insane! How can he regard you? Did you forget his demeaning words the first time he met you, his snobbish views of the world, or his disapproving stares? He's not a good man. Think of his reprehensible behavior towards George Wickham. What about his hateful agreement with Caroline tonight?' She focused on the landscape and smiled. 'He's like that Dome, appealing from a distance, but when examined closely, brimming with imperfections and not worthy to be thought of with any fondness. I read somewhere that the Capitol Dome will be restored to near perfection soon, but William Darcy is far beyond repair. Therefore Lizzy, stop thinking about that man!' The human brain is comprised of billions of neurons designed to process and transmit information throughout the body. Inside the brain there is one distinct collection of structures of nerves known as the limbic system. The neurons of this special system are responsible for controlling human emotions and motivations. Lizzy's limbic system was hosting an imprudent neuron that was running amok betraying her senses. This insubordinate little fellow kept sending suggestive messages about Darcy throughout her body. She closed her eyes in exasperation trying hard but failing to subdue this miniature dissenter. Her internal battle for authority was suddenly interrupted by a short, "Ahem," from that very same individual who was responsible for her struggle. The wicked neuron was now jumping for joy; with his arm extended he made the sign of victory proclaiming, 'Here we go!' The moment Darcy stepped on the balcony he was struck with a glowing view. Elizabeth's hair was still down, her wild teasing curls dancing in the wind. Her eyes were concentrated on the landscape and she had a slight smile. He was going to interrupt her, but selfishly decided to bask in her presence a little while longer. All of a sudden she changed her demeanor, she became frustrated, closing her eyes as if she was in pain. He resisted the impulse to comfort her, but decided to assist her by giving her the great news he wanted to impart. He was a man on a mission! Lizzy opened her eyes slowly to acknowledge him, the last person in the world she would have liked to see at that moment. "Pardon me for distracting you from your meditation, but are you feeling alright?" "Yes, I was enjoying my quiet solitude." He was disappointed but understood the implied meaning behind her terse response and acted accordingly. "My apologies for the interruption, I will leave you now." Although she would have been happy to see him go, her gentle disposition prevailed as she felt remorseful of her incivility. She wasn't going to change who she was, even if he deserved it. "Too late, the moment is gone. You may stay if you want. This is such a lovely place. The view from this little corner is exquisite. I'm convinced Charles bought this house just for the pleasure of enjoying this delightful balcony on nights like this." "I doubt very much that this is Charles' favorite spot as I rarely see him here. But I agree wholeheartedly with your assessment: this balcony has a perfect setting. I have to admit, I'm in the habit of coming here often when I visit Charles, to escape from people and from all the cares of the world, just as you were doing. I'm very pleased to discover we have this in common." Lizzy blushed after realizing he had meant to compliment her, and decided silence was a better option at the moment. She noticed that Darcy looked nervous and hesitant. He seemed to be ready to say something but the words wouldn't come out. Then he would start again and stop. After a minute repeating the same sequence of awkward motions, he regained his composure. With great intrepidity, he took hold of both of her hands and in an agitated manner thus began: "In vain I have struggled. It will not do. My feelings will not be repressed. You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you." He came closer, placed his hands on her back, leaned forward and gave her a light kiss on the lips. Lizzy's astonishment was beyond expression. Numbed, she closed her eyes and let escape an involuntary moan. He interpreted that as acquiescence on her part and deepened the kiss. Lizzy had never been kissed like that. She moved her hands behind his neck and surrendered to her passion. They shared a long kiss, both overwhelmed with an intense desire for one another. Lizzy was experiencing new sensations that were intoxicating. She lost track of time, feeling as if floating on air. Darcy was likewise overcome with the most consuming physical attraction of his entire life. They remained in that blissful state for a few minutes when Darcy reluctantly ended the kiss. He had to complete his mission. They maintained the embrace, foreheads touching, eyes fused in an ethereal caress, two hearts beating as one. He began his address by acknowledging all the tender feelings he had developed for her. She was mesmerized. In order to make her understand how deeply his affections had been engaged, he proceeded to stress the obstacles he had to overcome in order to arrive at his present state. "You have bewitched my heart to the point that I'm not myself anymore. I choose you over my struggles. Even though you are Caucasian, my family will be appalled at my choice of a lower class Puerto Rican woman; even I have to admit that our relationship will be considered a degradation due to your status and ethnicity so decidedly below my own. In addition, you must be deep in debt from all your expenses for your refined tastes and your studies and you don't seem to have any clear goals for your life. Although the latter can be remedied, the former can't be helped. However, my feelings for you are so strong that they have defeated every attempt to apply reason and sense. I am irrevocably lost and all I need is your acceptance to be my wife to make me the happiest of men." When Darcy began his ill-conceived declaration of love, Lizzy was still in a drunken stupor caused by her first passionate kiss ever. She had never experienced anything quite like that and these new feelings and emotions were overpowering, leaving her with an incomprehensible yearning desire. In the beginning she was still swooning over his affectionate expressions. But then he did it again! The insufferable man shattered completely the delicate bond they had just created. The second Lizzy heard the word 'degradation' she woke up from her dreamy state, pushed herself back and removed all physical contact with him. What a wretched fool she had been! She was now ashamed of her own behavior. As he kept demeaning and insulting her, her feelings immediately altered to the point where she was eyeing him with the outmost indignation and anger. Darcy was oblivious to her intense agitation. In his hardly concealed excitement, he misconstrued her reaction as euphoria for the privilege she had been granted. He gave her time to absorb her good fortune, expecting her to respond in kind. She tried to calm down as best as she could considering the circumstances, and with determination replied, "I apologize for leading you on. I am not in the habit of engaging in this activity. However, you took me by surprise and I couldn't stop in time. Oh, how I wish I had! Perhaps I would be expected to be grateful and thank you for the great honor you have bestowed upon me. But I cannot. I have never given you any hints of my preference and if I ever did it was done unconsciously. I feel no compunction for the disappointment this will bring you, as I'm convinced that in no time your superior sense and infallible reason will help you overcome your treacherous feelings." Darcy couldn't believe what he was hearing. He was offering himself to her and he was so certain she would accept him that he hadn't even contemplated a negative response. He was incensed and tried to compose himself before replying. "May I be given a reason for this impolite rejection?" "I don't need to give you a reason. I'm not interested in you. If I was impolite, it was a justified reaction to your insolence. Besides, all the arguments you were considering before you chose to offend me with that humiliating offer should help you recover fairly easily from my rejection." "Does that mean you don't have a valid reason to reject me?" Now Lizzy was getting infuriated. "You want a valid reason? I will give you plenty of reasons! Let's begin with the arrogance and conceit you have always demonstrated towards all your supposed inferiors, especially when delivering that disgusting proposal. What about your open dislike for social climbers? Am I not one of them in your opinion? What about the fact that you were considering separating my good friend Jane from Charles because she was tainted by her connection with me?" "Towards Charles I would have been kinder than towards myself." Lizzy understood the slight and that made her angrier. "That is wonderful, a true gentleman you are not! Your flawed character has been made evident almost from the very beginning of our acquaintance. I could never be with someone like you with your overbearing pride, your open disdain, and especially your blatant disregard for the feelings of others! My suppositions were reinforced by the recital I received from George Wickham. You reduced him to his present state of comparative hardship for your own selfish reasons. What justifications have you for your behavior towards him? How can you defend yourself?" Darcy was numb with incredulity and was trying hard to control his anger, but at the mention of Wickham his mind betrayed him and he lost his composure. He was blinded by the green-eyed monster and went after blood. "I'm appalled to learn of your interest in that degenerate! He gave you his cock-and-bull story and you believed him? He used his charms on you and you fell for him? What? Are you two lovers now? What about your other lover Robbie? Do you use him when you want, just to satisfy your own ambition?" Lizzy felt like she was hit by a ton of bricks! He thought she was a harlot! She was so furious and shocked at the same time that she couldn't control her free flowing tears. In between sobs she replied, "I have never been insulted so much in my entire life. I don't have to tell you anything but I never went out with George!" Now she was submerged in tears. "But my own brother? Robbie? That hurts so much! It was Charlotte's idea to hide his identity, and we went along with it just to have some fun, but I thought by the end of the night you'd have all known. Charlotte and Jane told everyone. How can you think so ill of me? How can you say you love me? How can you think me capable of having such loose morals? With my own brother?" She said the last sentence almost in a whisper while crying profusely. She couldn't talk anymore. Darcy felt like the most abominable man on the face of the Earth. What had he done? His intention had been to declare his feelings and propose but he ended up demeaning and insulting her in the most abominable and vicious way. She wouldn't stop crying. He came closer and began to soothe her. "I'm so sorry. I am such a despicable monster. You will never forgive me and I deserve it. I'm so sorry." His tears joined hers and they were both in such a state of distress that when Charlotte came to the balcony looking for Lizzy a few moments later, she couldn't believe the wretched spectacle presented before her eyes. She was immediately alarmed. "Lizzy what's going on? Are you ok? Why are you both crying, did someone die? Please talk to me!" When Lizzy saw Charlotte she left Darcy's side and flew to her. She whispered to her to take her home. There were some stairs leading outside of the small terrace so Charlotte took Lizzy downstairs to the car, sat her on the passenger seat, and told her to wait there. "I'll be right back honey; I'm going to tell Jane and Charles that we're leaving." Lizzy mumbled between sobs, "I'm so sorry to make you leave so soon." "Nonsense honey, just sit tight. I'll be right back." Charlotte returned to the balcony to check on Darcy. He was still leaning on the rail whimpering and murmuring some unintelligible words. She touched his shoulder and asked him if he was ok. He settled down and after taking in a few deep breaths, told her he was fine and to go ahead and assist Elizabeth. When Charlotte was leaving she heard Darcy ask her, "Why did you do that to me? Now she'll never forgive me and it was all for your thoughtless amusement!" Before she had the opportunity to address his question, Darcy had disappeared down the stairs. She went inside to give her excuses to Charles and Jane and returned to the car. Lizzy was still sobbing but was doing much better now. As they were leaving, they hadn't spotted a lone figure that had been watching Lizzy under the cover of night. After they took off, the man walked to his car and left while murmuring, "She will never forgive me!" Meanwhile, a black SUV with tinted windows was following Charlotte's car at a safe distance. "Sir, Snow White just left the party in distress. She's not injured or in danger though. She had a heated argument with a Person of Interest. The Fairy Godmother is taking her home and we're providing covert escort according to protocol." "Do you have the identity of the POI?" "Yes sir. He's in our files. We are resending an updated dossier to you. A full report is being prepared." "Can you provide a briefing?" "Yes sir. Snow White was alone in the balcony when the POI joined her. They had a short conversation then he kissed her. Our mole was going to intervene but she noticed that Snow White was an active participant. She remained concealed giving them privacy. After they were done they initiated an argument. They became agitated and Snow White began to cry. Our agent was ready to sprint into action when the POI began to comfort Snow White. Twenty eight seconds later The Fairy Godmother arrived at the scene. She took Snow White to the car, went back to talk to the POI and went inside the house. The POI went downstairs and kept watch on Snow White while hiding in the dark. Our agent was prepared to intercept, but the POI didn't move until after The Fairy Godmother returned to the car and left with Snow White. They are driving home now." "Interesting." "One more detail sir, the host of the party asked all the guests to erase the videos they made of Snow White's singing performance from their smartphones. Everyone complied except for a pair of rogues. Those two will receive an unpleasant surprise when they realize all their data has been corrupted. The host has a copy of the video but we have reason to believe it will not be shared. We understand this could be beneficial for Snow White in the future. We secured a copy and will monitor the original to ensure its privacy." "Good job agent. Keep me informed." "Yes sir." "Lizzy, do you want to tell me why you were crying?" "Please Charlotte I don't want to talk about it. I promise I will tell you when I'm ready." "It's ok, take your time honey." Charlotte knew Lizzy sometimes kept her feelings bottled up inside and would only share on her own time. That was fine with her. She only hoped Lizzy would open up to her before Robbie or Mr. Benes found out about their princess' distress. She feared Darcy could find himself in some trouble. 'On second thought, maybe he deserves a little trouble, the bastard! We failed again to protect Lizzy from the brute! After she had done such a fine job with Caroline! There's only one thing which doesn't make sense to me... Why was he crying?' A few days later, Charles came to Longbourn when the three ladies were present. When he saw Lizzy he became excited. "Lizzy, here you are! I've been meaning to talk to you! First of all, here's a little something that belongs to you." Charles was carrying an ornate box, handed it to Lizzy and continued, "You can open it later; you probably know what it is. Lizzy, you were a sensation at my party! Everyone was very impressed with your performance! They actually believed it was all a setup. They thought your cousin sang the first song poorly on purpose, and then you went on stage, whispered something to her and her voice and poise miraculously improved. Finally you began singing and you caused an earthquake of epic proportions Lizzy! You left everyone dumbstruck with your amazing voice and your stage presence! I have received many inquiries as to where they can enjoy your performances. They were convinced you are a professional opera singer and a few of my friends even asked me how I persuaded a Broadway star to sing in my party! Some people asked me if you had a business card, a phone number, email, website, web portal, Facebook, YouTube, anything! They want to hire you and Mary to perform at their own parties!" Lizzy flushed red. She excused herself and went to her room, closing the door gently. Jane waited for Lizzy to leave and then frantically pleaded to Charles. "I hope you didn't give Lizzy's number to anyone!" "Certainly not my love! I told them that she only performs for friends and family! Of course, then there were offers for friendship and my more intrepid friends even wanted to date her! They professed to be in love with Lizzy! Don't worry; I blocked all of their attempts on the spot. You are like sisters to me and it's my duty to protect you from all unwelcomed suitors." "Oh, my man is so good!" "I haven't forgotten your instructions Charlotte. I had everyone erase their videos from their phones! There were quite a few! The rascals didn't listen to me! Here's a flash drive with the video file. I erased the original, so this is the only copy. By the way, that night Lizzy accomplished a feat unequalled in years! She shut Caroline up for the rest of the night!" Charlotte and Jane laughed. "Thank you Charles. Well Jane, we are so lucky that you chose such a wonderful knight in shining armor to defend us all!" Jane very proudly responded, "I am very lucky and feel very blessed with my protective man." She gave a kiss to Charles and they lost themselves in the moment. Charlotte was going to leave the lovers in their state of happiness when she heard Charles call to her. "Charlotte, I don't mean to pry, but you left me a bit curious. Can you explain the reason for the secrecy about Lizzy's extraordinary talent? Of course if it's too private I don't have to know, your word will be just enough for me." Charlotte was prepared to answer that question. She would have no difficulty because she would be telling the truth, minus one small detail. "Her family is aware of her wonderful voice. They're all in agreement that Lizzy's not interested in using her amazing talent for any material gain. She's firm in her decision and they support her one hundred percent. She has other plans for her life. Lizzy has never done anything like that. She only did it to protect Mary. She only performs in front of her family and it's been a long time since she's done so. The moment I noticed the sparkle in her eyes, I knew. That's why I was so excited. I'm just trying to protect her privacy and you have been extremely helpful. There's a possibility that one day this video could be useful for her. In the meantime, it's important not to broadcast any part of it. Thank you Charles." "Don't mention it; your secret is safe with me." Lizzy went to her balcony and sat on her chair. It was getting dark. The twilight was on the third stage, Astronomical Twilight, when the moon was beginning to win her deceitful battle with the sun for the rights to shine on the skies. The box was resting on her lap. After her customary examination of the landscape she had grown to love, she focused her attention on the box. She began to open it slowly; the elegant pewter microphone trophy was very cute. It had a plate with an engraved message: Lizzy Benes, you brought down the house! She smiled but before she could enjoy her triumph, her heart fluttered. The tears began to flow gradually. She gazed towards the gloating moon, pressed the trophy against her chest, and closed her eyes. The tears were now flowing in streams. It was so unfair! She surrendered to her agony. The pain in her heart was so overwhelming that she was now mustering cries of anguish. She felt so alone in the world! Charlotte went to check on her an hour later. Lizzy had fallen asleep on the chair, the blood vessels under her eyes were swollen; her sweater was stained from her tears. The trophy now rested on her lap. Even in sleep she had such a mournful expression that it broke Charlotte's heart. 'Oh, my dear Lizzy, I so wish you would open up to me!' She woke her up gently and silently guided her to the bathroom. After the customary ablutions, Charlotte helped her to the bed, covered her with a blanket, gave her a light kiss on the forehead, and said goodnight. She remained in the room a while longer until she was satisfied that Lizzy had fallen asleep again.
A/N Hello! I hope you still remember my story. I have some unhappy news; I lost for the time being my one and only favorite beta ever. My baby is away from home at college. She's too busy with her classes and other school activities and I don't want to burden her with more work. I want her to focus on her studies! So I will continue solo with my book until I'm done. I apologize for any grammar or any other conspicuous errors. I tried to catch as many as I can. I don't have much time to dedicate to this, but I find the time because I love this so much! The problem is that each chapter takes me forever. Thank you for your honest reviews. I try to use them to improve my book. Here's the next chapter. Chapter 09 - Please, not Chef Antonio! Charlotte woke up before dawn and couldn't fall asleep again. She hadn't been able to have a good night's sleep the last few nights. The burden of being the sole witness of Lizzy's unhappiness, compounded with her inability to do anything to soothe her dear friend kept her mind occupied and frustrated her to no end. She couldn't stop thinking, trying to come up with an idea, anything, to help her. But there was nothing she could do. It was a conundrum of epic proportions. When she arrived at the office, the sun was peeking through the horizon. She sat down at her desk with her favorite breakfast indulgence from her beloved coffeehouse: a steaming cup of Masala Chai, a drink made with spiced black tea leaves, milk and honey, and a large almond and lemon biscotti cookie dipped in white chocolate. That was definitely going to cheer her up! Suddenly her pleasure was interrupted by a phone call. "Good morning, is this Charlotte Lucas?" "Yes, this is she. Who am I speaking with?" "This is William Darcy. I apologize for bothering you so early in the morning. How are you today?" "I'm still half asleep, although as soon as I ravage my dainty breakfast I'll wake up and be my most productive self. I'm not going to ask how you found my phone number. How may I help you sir?" "I won't take much time. There's a matter I wish to discuss with you as soon as possible. Would you have lunch with me sometime this week?" Charlotte was surprised to get a call from Darcy, much less to receive such a request, but she was very curious to know what he had to say about the incident on the night of Charles' party. That was probably the break she was waiting for to help Lizzy. "I'm available for lunch today. Are you free?" "Yes I am. Do you mind if I pick you up in my limousine and we can have lunch inside? I wouldn't want to be seen in public. You'll understand when you see me." She was hesitant but then remembered all the good things she had heard about Darcy from Jane and Charles. He was a respectable man after all. Besides, her curiosity was stronger than her apprehension. "That would be fine. Since you have my number, I assume you have my address. Can you pick me up in front of my office at noon?" When she climbed into the limo she understood why Darcy didn't want to be seen in public. He seemed a bit pale, scrawny, unshaven, with unruly hair and stuffy eyes. Even if she was very upset with him, she felt a little pity and promised herself to be as fair as she possibly could. They began by exchanging pleasantries. Charlotte avoided the mention of his wretched state to which he appeared to be grateful. Darcy made a comment about Charlotte's office, so close to the U.S. Capitol, which of course, aligned perfectly with Charlotte's line of work. They continued talking about her job and some mutual acquaintances for the next few minutes until they exhausted the topic. She was surprised at the interest Darcy was demonstrating towards her, wondering what came over him. They remained silent for a while. Charlotte wanted to talk but decided to let him initiate the real conversation. "The reason I wanted this interview with you is twofold. First I would like to know how is Elizabeth. Is she well?" "As well as she can be. She hasn't told anyone anything about the events of that night which is very unsettling. Sometimes she has the unhealthy habit of holding deep personal issues onto herself. I promised her I also wouldn't tell anyone about the whole affair, and so far I've been true to my word. But her brother is due for a visit in a few days and he knows her like the palm of his hand. He will know as soon as he sees her that something is not right. I hope I can be of assistance when the time comes. This is the main reason for agreeing to see you, even though I suspect that you are the main cause of Lizzy's distress." "I hope she's in good health. Is she?" "Yes, she's in perfect health. So far she has been able to convince Jane that everything is normal. She hasn't neglected her school work either. But I know her very well, she can't fool me. There is a sadness and a melancholy that is not common to her." "Thank you very much for telling me this. I would like to help her as much as I can although I suspect that my contribution will be minimal at best. Can you do me one more favor? Please bear with me; Elizabeth mirrors my inclination in terms of the reluctance to communicate our innermost thoughts and feelings. This time though I seriously believe if I don't, I'll suffer dire consequences. I further hope that my disclosures can, in some way, help alleviate her distress. Please understand that I'm not a monster." "I believe I'm not the one you have to persuade, but I appreciate that you haven't approached Lizzy or else I would've been compelled to inform her family." "Don't be concerned on my account, I would never inconvenience her in any way. Furthermore, certainly and justifiably, I may be the last person in the world she would like to see at the present time. I'll begin my narrative now. As you may possibly know, I'm a very wealthy and successful executive who has been on some local and national lists of eligible bachelors and successful entrepreneurs under 30. I'm not telling you this to boast, I just want you to understand me a little better." She nodded. He stopped to get a sip of water from his water bottle. "My family belongs to an old aristocratic clan from New England with close ties to many leaders of this nation for centuries. From my birth I was intended to follow a certain path in my life and so far I haven't strayed from my course. At 28, I already have achieved success in business beyond that of any of my ancestors. Everywhere I go there are many people, women especially, willing to throw themselves at me, all of them flattering me with praise, begging for my attention and favors. I have become a cynic; with the exception of my closest acquaintances and relatives, I view with skepticism the motives of others. I have learned to conceal my outward emotions which have helped to protect me. I have also developed a distorted opinion of people in general. No one is worthy when compared to me. I was satisfied with my situation and might have continued living this delusional frame of mind had my eyes not been opened by an exceptional human being. She has taught me a very important lesson. She forced me to do a profound introspection and humble myself. Just for that alone I'll always be grateful to her." "Until I met Elizabeth, there hasn't been any woman capable of enticing me. She accomplished that and more, in only a few encounters. The first time I saw her at Tysons Galleria, she looked and sounded like a clueless airhead. When I uttered those unfortunate remarks to Caroline about her, I was being sincere. There's no justification for my viciousness and arrogance. I gave too much credence to my background and my thoughtless belief in my own superiority. All those invalid, indefensible notions have been annihilated by the only person on this planet capable of making me feel so inferior. I'm now so ashamed of who I was that I no longer recognize myself." He had to stop as he was almost gasping. He took a few deep breaths to regain his composure and continued. "When Jane told us she was a senior at Georgetown and a possible valedictorian, my opinion of her altered immediately. When Elizabeth was flinging my cruel words back at me, I was angry with that inferior girl. That was the pinnacle of my overbearing pride. I was also observing her and the more I saw, the more I liked, especially those deep piercing brown eyes. Yours and then Charles' and Louisa's subsequent rebukes brought some feelings of self-reproach to the surface of my consciousness for the first time in many years. But the feeling didn't last. Soon I relapsed into my previous state of superciliousness." "The next time I saw her, she was coordinating an activity at a high school for her volunteer work. She was at the podium addressing everyone and I had the opportunity to study her more closely. That's when I discovered that she was exceedingly beautiful. She also radiated an aura of confidence, good will, intelligence and friendliness. That day I began to admire her. We invited her to lunch and she flat out refused, my curiosity was piqued. I dislike public dance soirées like the Meridian Ball, but I have to confess that my main inducement to attend this year was to see her again. My intention was to apologize for my rude words while engaging her in dance and conversation. I wanted to ascertain that she really was a sensible young woman." "When you told me she was out with a date, I was very disappointed, but there was nothing I could do about it. I was resigned to spending another insipid night listening to Caroline's vapid observations. When Elizabeth arrived with her brother, she looked so stunning, so captivating, so refined, so befitting a princess, that I believe I fell in love with her right then and there without realizing it. I couldn't keep my eyes off of her. I should have recognized the bond they were having, as it was very similar to my own with my younger sister. But when jealousy takes over the mind, it stops all discernment and turns it into a pile of mush." Charlotte interrupted him. "That's why you reproached me the night of the party! I just wanted to have some fun at your expense and Caroline's. A little payback for your incivility. When you came to our apartment I noticed you appeared to be looking for Lizzy and the idea occurred to me right then. The moment Lizzy detected my mischief she also liked it and went along with it. Robbie would do anything for her so he joined in the fun immediately. When you were dancing with Lizzy, I told the truth to Caroline. Jane also told the others that same night, so we assumed everyone in your group had already found out." "I was deceived," replied a dejected Darcy, "no one told me. They assumed Caroline did. Instead, she kept making sly remarks about Elizabeth's and Robbie's supposed relationship, even after she knew they were siblings. She was vexed by my fixation on Elizabeth and I guess that was her way of paying me back. The only reason I tolerate being with her is because she's Charles' sister and for years she has helped my cause by keeping all unwelcomed admirers away from me. I once had this idea that eventually, a few years down the road, I was going to settle down and marry her, even if it would have been a loveless marriage. I believed I would have been satisfied with having an attractive companion who knew how to navigate the first circles. What an imprudent notion! After only a few interactions with Elizabeth, my outlook underwent a complete transformation. Now I want a partner in life who is worthy of admiration, who can take my opposite view and challenge me, who has the drive to improve herself and those around her, who is compassionate and willing to do anything to assist her loved ones, a person capable of evoking a profound passion within me that I didn't even know existed." He paused with a sight. "Caroline doesn't have any of those traits. Instead she brings out the worst in me. For many years she has been the enabler of my haughtiness, always encouraging me to behave thus and I would oblige her willingly. All that has changed because of Elizabeth. When I look at my past behavior, I'm so ashamed of myself!" After that heartfelt speech, Charlotte began to appreciate Darcy. He had potential. But she still thought that Lizzy was too good for him. "I'm pleased to hear of your improved outlook. Lizzy is a remarkable human being; you're not the only person she has influenced in a positive way. I'm satisfied that she has helped you become a better person; this will be good for you even if you never see her again. At least now you have the right perspective. Please continue." "When I was dancing with Elizabeth, an amazing thing happened to me that it's very hard to describe. The moment we touched I felt a connection so strong, so intense, as I have never experienced before. It was as if I had found that special person that was created just for me. I know this sounds ludicrous and premature. I've never considered myself an impulsive man, all my opinions and judgments are always carefully considered and studied thoroughly. That time though, something strange happened inside my head which clouded my thoughts. She bewitched me. By the end of the dance, after one of the most stimulating conversations I've had in ages, I felt that had not been for her inferiority, I would have been in danger. In my over-inflated ego, Robbie was only a small obstacle in my happiness. I was convinced that had Elizabeth been made aware of my inclination, she would have dropped him in a heartbeat. At the end of the dance, when I was no longer holding her close to me, I awoke from the mythical place I had fallen into. Sensing that I had raised her expectations, I instinctively voiced a prideful remark to separate myself from her. I enjoyed so much watching her alluring angry eyes, that I kept feeding her haughty lines to increase her fire. My God, that was a sight to behold! Those enchanting eyes still haunt me to this day. Later that night I attempted to talk to her to apologize but she resisted all my attempts at conversation. The more she pushed me away, the more I wanted her. I thought she was playing with me. I know better now." Charlotte chuckled. "Yes, she wanted to kill you! Please continue." "The next time I saw her, she was talking to you and George Wickham. I was outraged that he was in town and worse, that he was ingratiating himself with Elizabeth. I don't know how far their relationship advanced, it's not my business, but I need to warn you all against him." Charlotte interrupted him. "I believe that's not necessary. Lizzy never had a single date with him. That day at the Hoya Court was the first and last time they had any contact. George appeared to desire to pursue a relationship with Lizzy, or so he claimed. Who knows what would've happened on that score. Instead he disappeared without any further attempt to contact her." He closed his eyes and emitted a silent 'hooray!' His response was solemn. "I'm not surprised. He probably found another con-game, a scam somewhere else and in keeping with his disgusting personality, skipped town without having the decency to say goodbye." "Wasn't it you who ran him out of town?" "What?" He almost screamed. "I'm appalled that anyone will even consider the possibility, as tempting as it may sound, that I may be as conniving as that bastard! Is that what Elizabeth believes?" When he realized he had raised his voice, he immediately calmed down and softened his tone. "Sorry for my outburst, I'm not myself lately. I can understand why she would. Considering my arrogance, compounded by my appalling behavior, in opposition to that libertine's fake charm and natural ability to lie, I don't fault her for believing the worst of me! I only have myself to blame. George Wickham is very good at making friends but not very good at keeping them. He's a very bad person and I would advise all of you to stay away from him. If Elizabeth doesn't believe me, I can provide extensive proof of his transgressions. They are many and some are well documented." She responded, "With any luck he won't come back, so for now you don't have to give us any information about him. Thank you for the warning." "Just say the word. Now we arrive at that disastrous night of Charles' party. When her cousin was embarrassing herself at karaoke, I was watching Elizabeth and noticed that spark in her eyes I had seen before. When she went to the stage, I was disappointed because at that moment I thought she turned out to be a senseless braggart like her cousin. When she selected that ambitious song, I was genuinely concerned for her. I more than wished she wouldn't humiliate herself in front of the whole room. But then she began to sing, and I fell in a trance. All through that song she unleashed a spell on me. Then came her astounding ending; she ripped out my soul and transported it to heaven! In that moment I knew she was the one, I had to tell her how I felt or I would have gone mad!" "When she was alone in the balcony, I went to her. After some hesitation I made my declaration of love. With all the overconfidence, arrogance, and self-importance in the world. What a forlorn hope! It was a total disaster. I was so certain she was going to return my feelings and accept me that I wasn't prepared for her rejection. That's exactly what she did! In no uncertain terms she made me understand that I wasn't worthy for her. She claimed I was arrogant, conceited, prideful, unfeeling. I was shocked! We then argued, and in a rage of jealousy I ended up berating her for her improper relations with Wickham and worse of all, with Robbie. And now I feel like the most despicable lowlife in the face of the Earth. I know I don't deserve her and she will never forgive me." After those words Darcy choked and closed his eyes. At that moment Charlotte understood why Lizzy had been so uptight about mentioning the events of that night. She suspected Darcy didn't tell her the whole story, but now it was clear to her why they were both so miserable. After a while he calmed down and opened his sad eyes to Charlotte. He made such a pathetic sight. 'The great William Darcy doesn't look so great now. How the mighty ones had fallen!' She had to compose herself before she was able to talk. "After hearing your story, I don't know if I should feel pity for you or be affronted. My first reaction is to lash out at you for your malicious mind. I find it impossible to believe that you had declared to Lizzy while having such a perverted opinion of her virtue! For your information Mr. Darcy, Lizzy would never play with anybody's feelings; much less have any type of improper relations with anyone! I'm outraged at your sick mind and viciousness! How could you do that, sir? That's inexcusable!" Poor Darcy was crestfallen. "Believe me, you couldn't insult me enough! I'm so ashamed and disgusted with myself. My only excuse, or at least this is what I tell myself, is that I experienced a moment of insanity, induced by an irrational, extreme jealousy. I was shell-shocked. She surprised me so much with her rejection and her defense of that degenerate that I lost my mental faculty and reacted the worst possible way, by attacking her! You don't know how I replay all my words continuously and wish I hadn't said them. I never believed she was capable of any improprieties. I would've never considered her if I had the slightest opinion that she was nothing but honorable and virtuous. Now I have to live with the consequences of my actions. Even if I never see her again, if she never forgives me, I have the consolation that something good will come from all of this misadventure. I'll strive to become a better person. Because I have learned a very important lesson from Miss Elizabeth Benes. I have been humiliated and humbled by a superior human being." After that speech from Darcy, Charlotte softened a little. "What do you expect from me sir? You know that Lizzy is my best friend in the world and I would never do anything to harm her in anyway. For her sake I'll keep our conversation private unless it's necessary for her benefit to reveal it. Please enlighten me as to your expectations from me?" "I expect nothing from you. Absolutely nothing. I needed to release all this tension that was oppressing me. I chose you because you were witness to our encounter and as such had a familiarity with the issues at hand. I have another confession to make. That night I wrote her a letter in which I attempted to defend myself from the charges laid at my door. I poured my heart and soul in those papers. I endeavored to justify my appalling proposal and also provided the particulars on a personal injury Wickham inflicted on someone very close to me. You don't have to worry; she will never read that letter. It was written in shame with in a dreadful bitterness of spirit and will forever remain hidden. That letter helped me see things in a better light, but it also increased my distress. I needed to communicate with her somehow, but it was an impossible dream. That's when I decided to contact you. I'm very pleased that I judged your character correctly. Thank you very much for listening to me. You certainly are a very special person. Elizabeth is very fortunate to have you in her life. Now I'm ready to begin my healing process. I'll be gone from the country for a few weeks for business." Charlotte was humbled for his sincerity and deep inside she wished it would have been a different situation because she suspected that this new Darcy would have been a good match for Lizzy. Maybe there was hope for him after all. A very tiny slim ray of hope of course! "I wish you luck in your travels and in your journey to recovery. Please remember, time heals all wounds. That's all I can hope for Lizzy, and the same applies to you. Thank you and goodbye". They had arrived at Charlotte's office building and she was about to exit the limo when Darcy exclaimed, "Wait! Oh God! Now you're going to hate me even more! I forgot to feed you. I'm so sorry!" "I don't hate you and have no regrets. You don't have to worry, what we discussed today was so important that you're forgiven!" "I promise I'll make it up to you. Good day Miss Lucas and thank you!" When Charlotte returned to the office, her head was full of so much information that she couldn't concentrate on her work. An hour later she realized she was starving. She was going to the vending machine to get a treat when the main office doors opened and an affable looking middle aged man dressed in white wearing a chef's hat came in the office with a food cart. He had a big and infectious smile. With a thick Italian accent, he exclaimed, "Buon pomeriggio! I have some food for all of you courtesy of an amico grato! I am Chef Antonio from Filomena Ristorante and I bring you a taste of my kitchen!" The main doors opened again and a couple dressed in the same fashion came in, each with a food cart, which they placed in the middle of the office and proceeded to open the trays. A mouthwatering aroma suddenly invaded the office and everyone surrounded the trio to sample the food. While they were enjoying all the delectable Italian meals, Chef Antonio spoke again. "I have a special plate for a miss Charlotte, where are you tesoro?" "Here I am, and I'm starving!" "Molto bene! This is a special treat from our friend to you!" She presented her with a plate filled with different Italian food samples, all smelled great and looked very tasty. "Oh my God, this is so delicious! Please thank our benefactor from me and thank you Antonio for making my day!" She gave the chef a kiss on the cheek and went to her desk to enjoy her meal. Everyone at the office eyed her with admiration. So good ol' Charlotte had a generous suitor! Brandon Graves, her supervisor was enjoying a sample of seafood ravioli. "Charlotte, who is your boyfriend and why have you kept your conquest hidden from your friends? Please don't let this one go because now he's our favorite fellow!" Charlotte laughed at Brandon's witty banter and replied, "Believe me, I would keep him if he was mine to keep, but his heart belongs to a dear friend of mine. I did him a big favor and he's paying me back." Before Brandon could respond, Chef Antonio returned to Charlotte with three covered plates, two were white, one had a light pink color. "Il mio amico asked me to give you these plates for you and for your amici for tonight." He pointed to the pink plate. "This one is for a signorina molto speciale, my world famous Lasagna Alla Bolognese! Tell her that it was made con amore by Chef Antonio! This will soften her heart, Io garantisco. If she is bella and simpatica like you, I will serve her the food myself!" "Thank you Chef Antonio, you are so gallant! My friend will love your special food." She was surprised at Darcy's bold move, but was elated. 'Lizzy is going to have a feast! If only I could tell her!' When she arrived at the apartment with the food, her roommates were very pleased, especially Lizzy. Filomena Ristorante was one of Lizzy's favorite restaurants, which she would frequent with Robbie. The delectable Lasagna Alla Bolognese, house made pasta sheets layered with different cheeses and Chef Antonio's very own and secret Bolognese meat sauce, was Lizzy's favorite meal from that restaurant. She ate it with gusto. For the first time in days she was feeling cheerful. "I like your friend very much! Next time you see him tell him I relished every single bite! He has great taste for good food!" "You can tell him yourself." "What? Why? Do I know him? Who is he?" Whoops-a-daisy! "I'm just being funny Lizzy. Jane, how did you like your food? I bet your favorite treat was that garlic cheese bread. Isn't it yummy? Tell me about it! What about the Linguini Cardinale?" Quick thinking allowed Charlotte to escape from the hole she dug for herself. A while later Lizzy felt energized. She invited her friends for a walk in the park and they happily agreed. When they were about to leave, Jane received a call from Charles. Her two giggling friends left her in the apartment, knowing full well how long the couple's romantic calls lasted. They began walking in silence when Charlotte, with mischief in her eyes, observed, "You seem very talkative tonight. Slow down chatterbox!" That comment brought a smile to Lizzy. "So that's why you brought me my favorite food from my favorite Italian restaurant, in a pretty pink box! Are you trying to bribe me to reveal my secrets?" "Yes! Did it work? Does that mean you're ready to talk?" "Maybe, but before I consider it, I have a question. That night when you came to us on Charles' balcony… was he really crying? Did I hear you right?" "Yes you did. He seemed deeply affected." "So he was crying … hmm … if nothing else, at least it shows he has some decency." "What do you mean?" "Oh Charlotte, I'm so humiliated because of something he accused me of that night!" Charlotte tried to feign surprise, "What? Can you explain? No, better yet, why don't you tell me everything? I want to know what's going on with you." "My mind is in such a flurry of jumbled emotions! I'm going to reveal the tumult inside my soul. Maybe you can help me make sense of it all because I don't know what to think anymore!" Charlotte was sad for her friend but she surmised it would be better to give her time to express her confused feelings, so she waited in silence while thinking to herself, 'I believe I chose the wrong profession, my next career will be as a psychologist! At the very least I'll have two willing patients!' "For the first time in my life, I think I'm in love." Charlotte had anticipated that Lizzy would say almost anything, but that was the last thing she expected to hear. "What are you saying child? Can I ask who the lucky man is? It can't be him! Can it be?" "Yes it is him, please let me explain, and no congratulations are necessary because nothing will come from this. You'll know why when I'm done." "Ok, please amaze me. I'm all ears." "It all began the night of the Meridian Ball. Before that night, he was just an arrogant and insufferable man! Remember when he invited me to dance? The beginning of that dance was like a fairytale fantasy for me. From the feeling of his hand on mine until I rested my head on his shoulder, I experienced some feelings that were so new to me! It was such a dreamy moment. Words fail me to describe how I felt. Then I perceived that he was also enjoying the dance and that was intolerable! So I broke the silence and tried to rile him, but he wouldn't get mad at me. Then we began to talk about books and to my surprise, we discovered we have something in common. It all felt so perfect. We were so engrossed with each other that we ended up staying in the dance floor after the music had stopped. At that moment I began to like him very much. Then he showed me his true character when he began his defense of the higher social classes! What a snob!" "That was some argument! I thought you were going to kill him." "I was so mad at him, but mostly I was disappointed. One second I entertained the idea he had the potential to become someone special in my life, and the next second he reverted back to the same pompous elitist I knew he was!" "The night of Charles' party, when Mary was struggling with her song, Caroline was disparaging her and of course, she said it out loud knowing I was within hearing range. She also suggested that I should expose myself to ridicule, and the great Mr. Darcy agreed with her! I was so furious at them both! There is a stubbornness within me that won't allow me to be frightened by other people. Poor Mary, you know what I did next!" "Yes, you became the ultimate Christine Daaé and electrified the whole room!" Lizzy smiled briefly and then became serious again looking at the calm waters of the pond. "When I was alone on the balcony, he showed up. What happened next was so unexpected. Please don't think badly of me Charlotte. He came to me, told me he loved me, kissed me, and I kissed him back. Passionately! I felt the most breathtaking sensation of my entire life! I was overcome by a powerful emotion! I don't remember how long it lasted because I was intoxicated! He ended the kiss and continued whispering sweet, tender words of love to me. I was in a state of bliss!" Lizzy paused to take a long breath intake, wrapping her arms around herself. "Then, as if by design, he woke me up from my reverie and began humiliating me. I should've seen it coming; he caught me completely off-guard. He exposed his true character and I'll never forgive him! He began his tirade with a reminder, as if I needed one, that even though I'm white by race, I'm Puerto Rican by ethnicity; so, I'm unsuitable in the eyes of his family and also in his eyes. But he would be willing to make a sacrifice for my sake disregarding their expected opposition! What an awesome scenario that would be for me! I would be hurled into a pack of hungry wolfs with another wolf to protect me! That's not all; he would pay all my debts from my frivolous expenses, and would provide guidance for my life because I'm a clueless dimwit! Can you believe it? That was the most insulting, humiliating thing anyone has ever said to me! You should be proud; my response wasn't as you would have thought. I calmly told him that I would never be with someone like him. Then we argued, I accused him of ill-treatment towards George Wickham, and that's when he basically called me a prostitute! With Wickham and with Robbie! With Robbie! I was so shocked! I still can't believe he had the gall to utter those repulsive words! He's so cruel! I hate him! There, I told you everything and now I feel so much better. I just released all my anger and now I don't care anymore about that biased, offensive, vicious, insufferable man!" Charlotte giggled, upsetting Lizzy. "You don't believe me? Ok, I'll prove it to you by not mentioning him again!" "Sorry Lizzy but you seemed so unconvincing! Was there a mention of marriage or was it just an ill advised declaration of love?" "Yes there was! Can you believe that? He barely knows who I am and already wants to marry me! He jumped from admiration to love, from love to matrimony, in a moment. How preposterous! Besides, I'm too young to even consider the possibility. And with that man, never! Moreover, isn't it absurd to propose to a woman you regard as unsuitable, foolish, and worst of all, immoral?" "Lizzy, I don't want to start an argument, but he sounded like a man truly in love. You should have heard his excuse. He was shell-shocked by your..." "Wait a minute!" Lizzy interrupted her. "What did you just say? I also didn't fail to notice that you didn't seem very surprised when I told you about his despicable accusation. And now you're defending him? Charlotte! What did you do?" "Lizzy, you know I hate keeping secrets from you. Please understand that what I did was for your own benefit. You know I would never go behind your back but you weren't opening up to me. I wanted to help you but you wouldn't let me." "You talked to him? Why? Why couldn't you wait until I was ready to talk to you?" "Please Lizzy, don't be mad. I was trying to understand the situation in order to be able to help you when the time came, and the time is now. Lizzy, we both know when Robbie finds out, Darcy will pay dearly. I wanted to be fair to him. He was also affected, even if he was solely at fault. The fact that he was crying with you means that he really felt terrible. Moreover, it was he who called me. This morning he invited me for lunch." Charlotte then related to Lizzy everything Darcy had told her that day. She didn't spare any details. Lizzy listened in silence; she was disbelieving, bewildered, felt vindicated, enraged, and finally, saddened. When she finished, Lizzy walked in silence for a while, meditating on the new information she had just received. Charlotte patiently walked alongside her waiting for her friend to respond. "To begin with, I can forgive him for Robbie; others are to blame for that. But I'll never forgive him for his vicious accusation!" "He claimed that it was a moment of insanity, a case of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, caused by your unexpected refusal and defense of his enemy." "There's no excuse Charlotte! He shouldn't have assumed anything about me or my feelings, and I don't care how he felt, there is no way an honorable man would have behaved in such a despicable manner!" "Believe me Lizzy, jealousy is one of the most dangerous emotions on earth, it is capable of stupefying the brightest minds. He told me he has great admiration and thinks very highly of you; otherwise he wouldn't have proposed to you. But in that stressful moment he lost his ability to reason in a logical manner. The mention of Wickham made him crazy." "I'm beginning to think you're on his side!" Charlotte smiled, "Oh Lizzy, why do you protest so much?" Then she frowned. "I'm hurt. Why would you even allow the slightest, remote possibility that my principal desire is nothing but to see you happy! Sorry if you think I'm defending him, but in all honesty, you should have seen his appearance today; he looked almost sickly from sorrow and despair. Will you refute the possibility that by proposing marriage to you he was willing to overlook all your supposed failings; isn't that the mind of a man truly in love?" "Maybe it was a sudden infatuation or a spur of the moment reaction to my song... Maybe he just wants… Guess what, I don't care. I don't want to speculate. He doesn't deserve it. He should propose to Caroline. She's better suited than me in his eyes! Plus, she would accept him unconditionally!" "Poor Caroline, even without you in the picture, she doesn't stand a chance. He told me that himself. I wonder how he would have felt had you told him the truth about your status." I don't care enough about him to trust him or to consider the possibility. I don't want to think of that man again and if you're my friend, you will stop talking to me about him!" "As you wish Lizzy, I won't argue anymore although I'm tempted to continue. Before we're done talking about him, there's one last thing I have to confess to you. Please don't be too mad with me. It was done with the best of intentions. Remember I told you I talked to him today at lunch? What I might have forgotten to mention was the fact that we didn't have the opportunity to eat. An hour later a very colorful chef from Filomena's showed up and catered a big lunch in the office. The biggest surprise was that the amusing chef gave me a special plate for you and you loved it! What a coincidence that you both have something else in common. Plus the chef was so funny and adorable." "Please, not Chef Antonio!" "Oh, yes! You know him?" "I've been to Filomena's many times with Robbie. I know Chef Antonio very well." "What a coincidence! You know what he said when he gave me your plate? That the food he sent would melt your heart!" "Yeah right! ¡Está loco de remate! (Crazy!) That's so funny; I like Chef Antonio very much. He always warns me that one day this lasagna will make me fall in love. He calls it: 'Il cibo dell'amore', the food of love." "So that means he still has a chance?" "Who? Chef Anton...? Charlotte Marie Lucas! You better stop while you're ahead!" She glowered at Charlotte, but then grinned and they both chuckled and began laughing out loud. After a while they calmed down and continued walking in silence for a while longer, each lost in their own thoughts. "Lizzy, we both know there's something else weighing very heavily on you. Would you like to talk about it? Maybe just talking might help you. Pretty please?" "Sorry, no. I have a better idea, let's have a race! Catch me if you can!" "That's not fair; you know I'll never be able to catch you...Wait for me…Lizzy!"
Chapter 10 - Meeting Senor Tomas "Good morning ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. Welcome aboard British Airways Flight 180 service to London. If this is not your destination, now would be an excellent time to gather your belongings, purchase a parachute from one of our flight attendants… Our flight time today will be approximately six hours and forty five minutes, and we are right on schedule." His jetliner's luxurious business class accommodations, a reserved space with a foldable lumbar supported cushioned seat, memory foam headrest, quilted blanket, his own flat screen monitor and private windows, weren't as comfortable as he was accustomed, although he was in no position to complain. For this extended trip the CEO had refused for the first time the use of the much more convenient and roomier corporate jet; he wanted to experience the life of a regular business traveler. Although that would've been tough to accomplish since together with a few key staff members he brought along Mrs. Reynolds, his Executive Assistant, who saw to all his needs. The plane's windows were virtually useless. One of his favorite amusements in long flights was to look out the larger jet's windows and follow the route with the pilot's remarks and the real-time satellite map. He'd been rewarded with some interesting sights over the years: odd shaped islands, atolls, icebergs, cruise ships, ocean liners, aircraft carriers, destroyers, frigates. A few times he had witnessed schools of dolphins and whale pods. On those occasions the pilots would decrease the plane's altitude while circling around the sights for the benefit of their valuable passenger. Today that was an impossibility. Not ideal conditions, but it wasn't so bad either. Flying economy was out of the picture, of course. Two days after his emotional tête-à-tête with Charlotte Lucas, Darcy began his extended trip with a non-stop flight from New York's JFK to London Heathrow. He began by catching up with his emails and other correspondence. Midway through the flight he was done and could finally relax. At that time he made an effort to get to know his staff, so he began asking them about their personal lives. He was surprised by how little information he had about these people, whom he'd known for so many years, even before he took over the control of the company. He was embarrassed to learn about his Chief Technology Officer, Craig Nowalski's daughter's upcoming marriage, in just a few short days. It seemed he was the only one who didn't know. He immediately told this pleasant man, one of his most trusted advisors, that he would need him for the London meetings and after that he would be free to return home to his family. Later on, he instructed Mrs. Reynolds to buy a gift for the newlyweds. Darcy was realizing how much people appreciated when he took real interest in them. The unexpected gratitude of his employees was an added bonus. They didn't know what was going on with their boss, but were happy to see this new person he was turning into. It wasn't easy for Darcy. By nature reserved and introverted, he preferred quiet contemplation and reflection rather than incessant chatting. Each time he felt the urge to withdraw to his own thoughts he would visualize Elizabeth's reproofs and would force himself to engage in conversation and active listening. With time he became more relaxed, although not fully at ease, with this new circumstance. His staff was satisfied to know a different side of him. He was still a little stately, but they appreciated the sincere effort he was making to become more sociable. Alexandra Marie Reynolds was a very energetic and handsome middle aged woman who boasted that she could keep up with anyone half her age and younger. Her boast wasn't without merit though, as Darcy himself could confirm. She had been under employ by the Darcys since the late William F. Darcy IV hired her and now she was working in the same capacity for his namesake grandson. "Alexandra, you're distressing me with all your walking around. Please do me a big favor. Can you stop for a while? Sit here by me; I have a few questions for you." "Thank you Mr. Darcy." "Alexandra, how long we've known each other?" "Oh dear, it's been such a long time sir! I remember when you were a toddler always following your grandpa around, those were good times indeed!" "Yes, I have fond memories of how much you spoiled me back then! So, you know me since I was a toddler and you are to me as a second mother. Therefore I have a special request for you. Can you please start calling me William or better yet, Will? Please?" Mrs. Reynolds was shocked. "Oh, my dear Mr. Darcy, I've noticed how much you've changed in a span of only a few days; your uncharacteristic disregard of some of your duties, your uncommon semi-casual appearance, inattention, and gregarious behavior. However, this surprising request tops it all. I'm very concerned now. Please tell me you're fine sir. Is there anything I can do to help you? You're not terminally ill, are you?" Darcy smiled although his heart was crying. This woman, who claimed to know him so well, had just made a crude assessment of his personality and it was as bad as he was expecting. It could have been worse tough; at least she acknowledged that he was responsible, sharp, attentive and serious. However, this great lady, who used to hold him in her arms, sit him on her lap, and fill him with kisses, didn't know him at all! Worst of all, she couldn't even call him by his first name. That was disheartening. 'Am I that unapproachable? You were so right Elizabeth; I'm conceited and unfeeling. I have to change my ways, I so wish you would be here to guide me.' "Physically, I'm in very good health and in top shape. Emotionally, I'm not faring that well. As you have witnessed today, I'm trying to correct some of the innumerable flaws in my character, which have been pointed out to me by a reliable source. Consequently, I'm counting on you to assist me, as you do with everything else in my life." "Why that's absurd, sir! There's nothing wrong with your character! I wouldn't be too confident in that source. You're esteemed and respected wherever you go. I've never heard a cross word from you in my life. You're good natured, sweet tempered, and you have a generous heart, sir. You are the most handsome and most admired gentleman I know, not like those wild young men nowadays, who think of nothing but themselves. Some people may call you proud, but I disagree, it's only because you don't go on rattling on like other people do." "Thank you Alexandra, you don't know how much I needed to hear that. You always know what to say. Yet, notwithstanding your heartfelt regard, you cannot call me by my name. Why?" "Well... you've never... I... Sir, I have the outmost respect for you. I wouldn't want people to think I'm trying to take advantage of you due to our long acquaintance." "No one would ever think that of you! Can you at least try, even if only when we're alone?" She smiled, "I'll try sir… er… William… er… Will." "That's much better. Now, I want to hear everything about your family. How are Glenn and Tracy? And your grandchildren?" Mrs. Reynolds was surprised to experience this new side of her boss, but at the same time she was delighted. They spent a very entertaining hour with Mrs. Reynolds relating stories about her children and grandchildren while Darcy listened very attentively. The other staff members were watching this peculiar scene in fascination. The trip through Europe was very profitable; they solidified their partnerships and continued the expansion of Darcy Enterprises with new dealings, while keeping their existing customers satisfied with the CEO's own personal involvement. In total they visited eight cities in two weeks: London and Birmingham in UK, Paris and Toulouse in France, Berlin and Hamburg in Germany, and Rome and Naples in Italy. In all the sites Darcy impressed his clients, partners and associates. Everyone knew of his competence and the value of the company's offerings, but now he added a new dimension of personableness. This new change was becoming a success, not only for his business but also for his soul as well. Yet he still felt something was missing. After the last meeting in Naples, Darcy offered his staff a paid vacation anywhere in the world they wanted to go. They all opted for a rain check and returned to D.C. to be with their families, everyone but Darcy. The last place he visited on this business trip was Puerto Rico, where Darcy was initiating a venture in an attempt to expand his consulting business to the Caribbean and South American markets. He could have as easily gone to South Florida to hold the two meetings he had scheduled here, as he had many connections there. Instead he chose to come here. By himself. From the instant he set foot on the island, he began to play with the possibility of seeking out information about Elizabeth's background. He could visit her home, meet her parents; perhaps do something to gain their favor... They would be grateful, and word would reach her… No. That was too bold a move. He knew she wouldn't want that, she wasn't that kind of a woman. She would despise him more, as if that would be possible, for this invasion of her privacy. Instead he satisfied himself with the idea of visiting her birthplace, where she had spent most of her life. 'Perhaps one day when I'm worthy of her esteem, I will have the privilege of knowing everything about her and meeting her family. Who knows, she could even become my personal tour guide.' The first night, he was relaxing having a cocktail in the main lobby of the Hotel Resort Atlántico Dorado. Had he known how close he was to Elizabeth's home, his heart would have been all aflutter. As a matter of fact, he could have left the main parking lot of this resort and arrive at the front gates of her family estate after only a five minute drive. But there was no way he could be privy to that information since his only acquaintances were twenty miles east in the capital, San Juan, where his two meetings were to be held, and he didn't know anyone here. He could have stayed at an internationally recognized hotel closer to his meetings. He chose this resort instead, as his cousin, who had visited this island many times, recommended this 'hidden treasure' after Darcy had mentioned his upcoming trip. After the hustle and bustle of the two weeks spent in Europe, he came here mostly to relax. And meditate on a pair of fine eyes. This beautiful resort was nestled on a pristine beach. Many colorful native shade bearing trees surrounded a magnificent fountain ornamented with shells the main building. A Caribbean style garden with winding brick footpaths lead to some private villas. At least two palm trees were planted in front of each villa with hammocks hung between them. From the lobby he had a perfect view of the white beach sands being swept clean by the blue Atlantic Ocean. There were palm trees aplenty and the two golf courses were outstanding. He was transfixed, thinking of Elizabeth while watching the lazy rhythm of the moonlighted waves lapping lazily along the shoreline. All he had to do was make a quick phone call and he would get all the details about her. That would be too easy. What about using the local white pages? The phone number would be in one of her parent's names. What were their names? Her dad was probably Robbie... Robert Benes? Roberto Benes? What town was she from? He remembered reading somewhere that there were more than 70 towns in Puerto Rico. He was daydreaming about locating her home, knocking at the door and finding her. She would be overjoyed to see him, would wrap her arms around his neck, her sparkling eyes shining with passion, she would whisper words of love and then... his reverie was abruptly interrupted by an older gentleman who had approached him. "Good evening sir," the man said using fluent English with a distinct Spanish accent, "how are you enjoying your stay in our lovely island?" The man was in his low to mid-fifties, relatively tall, handsome, well-groomed, dressed in a casual style; he looked like an educated and affable gentleman. He seemed familiar, as if he had seen him before, but Darcy couldn't place him. His eyes... Where had he seen them?... no, impossible!... he reminded him of that guy from that movie... or that commercial... He tried but couldn't remember... Anyway, he had rudely interrupted his musings, which upset Darcy. "Very well," he replied curtly, wanting to return to his reverie. "Are you here for business or pleasure?" "Business." The older gentleman was about to give up when Darcy remembered Lizzy's firm rebuke: 'The arrogance and conceit you have toward all your supposed inferiors!' and decided to make an effort, although a little reluctant at first, to talk with him. He introduced himself and opened up about the reason for his visit. They proceeded to have a very engaging conversation. Darcy was pleasantly surprised that he could have such a good time with not only a perfect stranger, but with someone so different from him. Or was he? He was beginning to understand a basic truth; deep inside all human beings aren't that different. We all have very similar needs and desires. An important one is to express themselves and another to listen. He learned that some people had a good story to tell. Another lesson learned thanks to her. He liked Senor Tomas immediately. There was a brief discussion of work. Darcy told him about his company and about his meetings. Senor Tomas told him he was a semiretired businessman who had traveled extensively throughout the world and now was slowing down and enjoying his native island. There was no further talk of business or status or connections. Senor Tomas possessed the ability to involve Darcy in the conversation, uncovering some of the younger man's preferences, providing information about some interesting places in the island that would be suitable for his tastes. The following day Senor Tomas had invited him to play golf at one of the resort's golf courses, the one closest to the ocean. After his morning meeting in San Juan, Darcy happily joined him. It was spectacularly beautiful. From many of the holes on these splendid grounds, among the palm trees, they could enjoy the view of the waves crashing against the soft sands and the rocks. The fresh breeze coming from the ocean increased the difficulty in negotiating the strokes. It was paradise for an avid golfer! He was introduced to a couple of businessmen friends of Senor Tomas and they setup to play a game of Foursomes, or Alternate Shots. Being the youngest and the eldest, Darcy and Senor Tomas partnered together. They had a great time. Darcy was the superior player of the group with his impressive long drives and precision putting. Senor Tomas proved to be pretty good as well, especially on the greens. As a pair they were too much for their competition. While playing and chatting pleasantly with his new friends, Darcy setup another meeting for his business venture. Right there in the golf course! That was a first for him! Usually Charles was the one who handled the public relations and these kinds of informal or prospective meetings. Darcy realized that he also enjoyed the camaraderie immensely. He made the resolution that from this moment on there were going to be more acceptances by him for similar outings. Charles was going to be pleasantly surprised! The third day after his morning meeting he went on a hike to El Yunque, a tropical rainforest administered by the United States Forest Service. El Yunque was located half an hour east of San Juan. Senor Tomas had suggested this attraction and told him it was an easy hike to the peak of the mountain where the view from there was magnificent. On a clear day you could see the Atlantic Ocean, the Caribbean Sea, the island's coastal plains, and the immense lush green rainforest. He also told Darcy that he went there often by himself but advised him to procure a guide since it could be a treacherous hike if one deviated from the trail. He arrived at a falls near the base of the mountain, where he found a rocky natural pool with clear foamy water flowing from a gorgeous waterfall. There were large trees providing a natural ceiling over the whole pool area. He paused for a few minutes to enjoy the roar of the water spilling over the rocks and the light shimmering off the spray. The place was crowded with people. Some intrepid adventurers were boldly diving from high above near the top of the thirty foot waterfall towards the seemingly deep center of the pool while making crazy acrobatic moves. There was a long rope swing hanging from a branch of a large tree which they used to hoist themselves to the cool water. On one side of the waterfall people were gliding down a natural water slide carved into the rocks, splashing into the pool. Darcy observed the scene for a while until he was satisfied and then decided to start his hike up the mountain. "Excuse me sir, is this the route to the peak of El Yunque Mountain?" he asked a park ranger who seemed to be patrolling the area. In broken English the ranger replied. "Yes mister, one of them. Just follow the trail; this will take you to the tower of Mount Britton. There is a beautiful view of Puerto Rico from the top of this tower. From there you can go to the peak of El Yunque very fast." "This is my first time here. Do you believe I need a guide?" "No mister, that is not necessary. It is a straight route up the mountain; if you follow the trail path you won't have no problem." 'Oh well, I guess Mr. Tomas exaggerated the difficulty or underestimated my capabilities! I'll show him!' "Thanks." That was one of the worst decisions he had made in his young life! He began the hike in good spirits, enjoying the spectacle of the rare native plants, the colorful flowers —there were many kinds of orchids all over— and the sounds of birds and insects. Although it was close to noon, it felt cool due to the higher elevation, the freshness of the flourishing vegetation and the unyielding humidity. Suddenly he stopped dead in his tracks; in front of him was a sight that he would remember for a long time: perched on a branch not ten feet from him, there was a Puerto Rican Parrot! The bird was feeding on some berries; it was about a foot tall, with emerald-green plumage throughout its body, except for blue wing feathers, a red blaze across its forehead, and white rings around its eyes. Darcy recognized it immediately; this bird was featured on a giant poster in the lobby of the hotel. Señor Tomas was a fountain of information about this elusive parrot, endemic to Puerto Rico and one of the most endangered species of birds in the world. Less than fifty years ago they almost disappeared, at one time the population reached an absolute low of 13 individuals in the wild. Thanks to efforts by Federal and Local government wildlife conservationists, the numbers were slowly growing and now they could be seen in this forest but the sightings were extremely rare. Señor Tomas himself had tried for decades to photograph one of these magnificent birds in the wild, but in all those years he hadn't even seen one. And here was Darcy, his first visit and he spotted one! He had one over his friend! While keeping an eye on the parrot he carefully removed his smartphone from his waterproof canvas bag. The moment he got the phone out, the bird looked his way and flew away. Darcy immediately took off after it, wanting to prove to his friend that he had actually seen it. In his excitement, poor Darcy forgot one of the main rules of forest survival, never leave the trail. After many minutes of hard running over the muddy ground, dodging branches, jumping over fallen tree trunks, exposed roots, water puddles, and rocks, the bird finally rested on a branch and Darcy stopped to take pictures. He slowly came closer and closer taking more pictures until the startled bird flew away. He proudly watched it disappear between the tree branches. After admiring his pictures and savoring his triumph for a few more minutes, he decided to return to the trail. As he was getting back, he couldn't remember which way he had come from, he realized the monotony of the terrain made it practically impossible to retrace his steps, so he continued up the mountain. After an hour attempting unsuccessfully to reach the top, all the while he had been hiding below the thick forest, he realized that maybe there was something wrong with the route he was following. There were some ribbons in different colors attached to the trunks of some of the trees. He tried to follow one of them going uphill, but it was hard to find the same color more than twice in a row. After he stumbled on the fifth different color ribbon, he gave up on that attempt. He decided to continue going up with the hope that eventually he would arrive at the top of the mountain. After all, this mountain was only a little over three thousand feet high. That was way less than a mile! How hard it would be to find that capricious peak? Two hours later he recognized the fallibility of his logic. He supposed he was going up but perhaps he was following a diagonal route or zig-zagging up the path and was getting more disoriented by the minute. He finally reached a clearing and when he looked all around, he realized he was way far from the top. As a matter of fact, that coveted peak couldn't even be seen! All he could see was a sea of green covering the whole landscape. That's when he truly began to be concerned. He recalled Senor Tomas' narration about some people who had been lost on this forest for days, some never to be found again, and also about many supposed UFO and alien sightings on this area. He likewise mentioned a very secretive and well-guarded U.S. military base located somewhere on this forest. Mr. Tomas had even joked that he could come across the Chupacabra (Goat-Sucker), a mythical monkey-like vampire that was first seen in El Yunque, or some wild black panthers that had been released there by private owners many years before. At the time they had dismissed them all as phony stories concocted by fear mongers, conspiracy theorists and ignorant fools, and he had a good laugh with his friend. Now however, tired, hungry, thirsty, all alone and lost in this deep jungle, a knot of fear began to form in the pit of his stomach. He remembered his phone. Out of curiosity, or shall we say, anxiety, he decided to check for a signal and to his relief, found a strong connection. OK, what now? An idea occurred to him! He opened the Maps application, tapped the map, and there it was, Mount Britton! He could just follow the embedded GPS and reach the castle in no time. But before he could orient himself with the map, a raindrop fell on the phone screen. And another … and another … and another! The skies opened up so fast that before he secured it inside the canvas, the phone was almost soaked. As he was watching the downpour, thoughts of his sister gifting him a lavish waterproof smartphone for his last birthday intruded in his mind. He had kindly refused it telling her he'd stick with this 'oldie', as his sister had called it, until it died! Then there was his practical mom, giving him a fancy waterproof case for his 'oldie', which he also politely refused arguing that it was too bulky. Finally, his always-eager-to-serve, top-of-the-line, everything-proof, corporate phone had been spurned once again and was lying on his night stand back at the resort. Three unfortunate decisions he was lamenting now. 'What should I do? What would Richard do? He'd probably laugh at me and tell me to stop being a wuss and to man up. Good advice cousin! I won't despair; I've been in worst circumstances, though not alone. No matter, all I have to do is reclaim my focus. Instead of going up; I'll go sideways and find the trail. I will ignore everything else! I will find my way! I can do this!' He remembered his adventures in the Amazon jungle with his cousin and this gave him renewed vigor. He continued trekking for another hour but unfortunately there was no sign of a trail. He was getting more anxious by the minute. Finally, after six long hours since he began his ordeal, over the loud noise of the rain, he heard the faint sound of rushing water that was music to his ears. He continued towards the increasing noise of the stream until he came across a mountain creek. He decided to follow it down and this would be his deliverance! Who would have known that going downhill was going to be so much more difficult than up? It was muddy, slimy and slippery. He had to crawl down in hands and feet or hold tightly to tree trunks and branches, some with painful thorns. He slipped and fell occasionally, but the only damage was to his clothes, his posterior, and his self-respect! After another long hour of arduous labor, completely soaked and covered with mud from head to foot, he finally arrived at the same waterfall where his hike from hell had begun. It had stopped raining, he was so happy he almost cried for joy! There were some couples bathing in the pool. He ignored their bewildered looks, set his canvas on a rock ledge, and dove into the cool waters feeling refreshed. He swam all the way to the waterfall and stood below the raging waters to remove the remaining mud, savoring the feel of the clear cool water pounding on his body. The moment he took off his shirt to enjoy the rush of water on his bare chest and back, he knew he had made a mistake. There was a murmur from the people; the ladies were watching him mesmerized, captivated with the view of this perfect Adonis with a chiseled body bathing under the alluring falls. The gentlemen, on the other hand, didn't seem very pleased with the spectacle. Usually this would have discomposed him making him flee instantly. Not this time; he was relishing the sensations and he was alive and well! He just turned around, closed his eyes, drank the mineral rich water and remained under the waterfall for a few more minutes. The same park ranger he had seen before caught up to him on his way to the car. Darcy was so angry with this man that he decided it was better to ignore his joke of, "Hey mister, did you fall asleep at the top of the mountain?" or else he would have killed the bastard! He approached him with such an intense glare that the shorter but heftier man shrank back in alarm. Darcy stopped in front of him, gave him a killer look, and without another word, passed by him on his way to the car. After Darcy left, the ranger picked up his transmitter and called his supervisor. "Alfredo, el gringo apareció sano y salvo. ¡Estaba encojonao! ¡Parece que se dio una Santa perdía!" ("Alfredo, the Gringo turned up safe and sound. He was furious! It seems he got seriously lost!") What Darcy didn't know was that the concerned ranger had remained in the park way past his work shift just waiting by Darcy's car, ready to send a Search and Rescue team if he didn't show up before twilight, which was approaching fast. His last night on the island, Darcy had dinner with Senor Tomas at the main restaurant in the Atlántico Dorado, where they had a very pleasant night discussing all sorts of subjects. They continued taking about Darcy's near disaster the previous day. "I'm so sorry that you had such a dreadful experience yesterday. But at the same time, I'm envious of you! To have achieved such a fantastic feat, it's remarkable, and I would dare to say that your ensuing misfortune was more that rewarded by your extraordinary adventure. I'm not just talking of your rare sighting of our parrot, but your excellent survival skills as well, very clever the way you accomplished your escape. I can imagine you almost rolling downhill! These pictures are superb, thank you very much for the hard copies you made for me. I will treasure them and this will make me more determined to continue going to El Yunque, I might get to see your parrot if it's still in the area. The only unfortunate part of your story is that you didn't get to see the gorgeous view from the peak. Next time you come to the island, please try to complete the hike to the top and I promise you will enjoy it! I can be your guide if I'm around, maybe you will bring me luck and we can spot another parrot! More than forty years and not a single sighting! You are special my son." Darcy chuckled and in a humorous vein continued, "Well Tomas, I thank you for your kindness and for not giving me the humiliating but well deserved 'I told you so' speech. As I was losing myself, I was visualizing your rolling eyes and condescending tone! 'Oh no, William… please don't do that! Don't leave the trail you fool! I told you so! I told you so!' What a fun story I have for my grandchildren! They're going to die laughing!" "Ha, ha. You imitated my accent so well! Who are you and what happened to the stiff guy I met just a few days ago? Perhaps it's true, there are aliens in El Yunque; they are holding Darcy hostage and returned us an impostor!" He said that cheerfully and Darcy smiled at first, but then he frowned and became pensive. "I apologize William, if my poor attempt at humor upset you. You have proved yourself to be a very agreeable and good natured young man and I'm happy to have made your acquaintance." "Don't sweat it Tomas, I was amused by your joke. It's just that your latest remark hit the core of my being. If you allow it, I would like to tell you a sad story about me." "Hey, the night is young, I have all the time you require my son, go ahead and tell me your story. If I can't help you, at least I can provide a sympathetic ear." "It's not all bad. It's just that… well… to summarize, had you met me a month ago, I would have been an entirely different animal and you wouldn't have liked me one bit. There's a special someone who has changed my entire outlook about life. Since I can remember, I have been an arrogant, conceited, unfeeling person. I thought I was so above everyone else! But this person, who by the way is a native of this lovely island, this exceptional lady took this unrestrained vanity and this self-admiration deception that I had created for myself and shattered them to pieces. She made it perfectly clear that all the connections and all the fame and all the fortune in the world, aren't enough to overcome the wretchedness of my character. She humbled me and since her rebuke, I've been trying to amend my faults. I have strived to behave as the gentleman that I'm supposed to be. Thanks to her I gained a new friend which allowed me to enjoy my stay in this enchanting island. I am hoping that I have made a good impression with you." "You have my son, you have. I'm very happy about your current situation. She must be a feisty Puerto Rican girl to have pushed you off your high horse! Let's toast to that special lady who has helped shape you into this down-to-earth and congenial young man you have proven yourself to be! When you see her again, tell her that I give her my most sincere commendation for a job well done!" "Thank you Tomas, you don't know how much your words mean to me. I consider you my friend and would like to keep in touch if possible. Here's my private phone number. I'm at your service if you ever find yourself in DC. Do you have a number I can reach you? How can I get a hold of you?" Señor Tomas was touched by Darcy's sincerity. "Oh no my son, I don't have a phone, I'm semi-retired as I told you. I move from place to place and don't trust those cell phones that you young people seem to be so fond of. Consider me your good will ambassador to my island. I frequent this fine hotel, so when you return, you'll know where to find me. I have a sad story too but at the present am not ready to share it. Maybe next time we see each other it will be your turn to lift the spirits of this old man." Darcy was concerned for his new friend. Maybe he could help him somehow. But he seemed so sincere. Besides, if the old man could afford to stay in this expensive hotel, play golf at his leisure, and invite him to dine at this restaurant, he couldn't be in such a bad shape! At least as far as money was concerned. Darcy decided to take his words at face value and thought of that no more. It was much better that way, Darcy felt refreshed to be with someone who didn't require anything from him but his companionship. It was at that moment when he understood why he clicked with Senor Tomas so fast! He reminded him so much of his own father. Just then he realized how much he missed him. He quickly dismissed that thought; there will be time to ponder upon this later. They continued talking about various subjects until it was time to retire. "Well Tomas, I had such a great time on this island and I have you to thank. Please allow me to tell you, with all due sincerity, this is one of the very few times in my life that I have been able to let my defenses down, not worry about anything and just take pleasure in the moment. Thank you my friend." "You're welcome my son, I enjoyed your company very much too. I hope you have a safe flight back home. Remember, when you return, you'll know where to find me!" It was a different Darcy who left Puerto Rico five days after landing there. He felt refreshed, upbeat, with a new perspective on life, and a slap-up adventure to share with his friends! The first thing he was going to do was visit his father's grave and have a long conversation… "Robertito, éste es tu papá. (Robbie, this is your father). I have a big surprise for you. I met William Darcy again, this time here in my hotel in Dorado. We had a few conversations and also played a couple of rounds of golf. I can safely say that I like him very much. He's a nice, polite, clean-cut and well-mannered young man. A little uptight, but that's probably expected, although once he opens up he appears to be very intelligent, cultured and engaging. Most importantly, he proved to me that he's a sensible man and has a generous heart. So please relax, we can allow your sister to resolve any issues she has with him on her own. One way or the other, we won't interfere. We owe that to her. There's something interesting he told me. Call me back and I'll give you all the details."
A/N: Happy Thanksgiving Day for all of you who celebrate this day. I hope you like this chapter. I have to recognize the help of my son who assisted by correcting some big errors. Other errors remaining are entirely my fault. I hope you enjoy. Here is the next chapter. Until next month. Chapter 11 - Thanksgiving at North Carolina "I disagree with you Nathan and further contend that Adam Smith believed in regulations!" "Are you out of your mind Lizzy? You seem to have forgotten the power of the 'Invisible Hand'. Adam Smith claimed that in a free market, no regulation of any kind would be required to guarantee that the mutually beneficial exchange of goods and services took place, since this 'invisible hand' would guide the free market participants to engage in trade in the most mutually beneficial manner. Regulations would obstruct this process. Therefore Adam Smith was absolutely and categorically opposed to regulations!" In her Social Responsibilities of Business class at Georgetown University, Lizzy was engaged in a debate with another student. This class taught how to master a method for solving problems related to ethical and legal dilemmas originated in the business world. Lizzy took her tablet, clicked once and then replied, "Yes Nathan, he was for the most part opposed to regulations, but he understood the true nature of man, to him this wasn't a rigid notion. Allow me to quote the man himself: '…When the regulation, therefore, is in favor of the workmen, it is always just and equitable...' End quote. In addition, Adam Smith recognized the inevitability of establishing some regulations, quote: '…The proposal of any new law or regulation of commerce which comes from this order… ought never to be adopted, TILL after having been long and carefully examined...' End quote. What about the regulations he suggested to restrict the power of the banks? Quote: '…The obligation of building party walls, in order to prevent the communication of fire, is a violation of natural liberty exactly of the same kind with the regulations of the banking trade which are here proposed…' End quote. Would you want me to carry on quoting the man?" The professor laughed at this and interrupted the discussion. "Thank you Elizabeth, you are absolutely right. No need for more specifics at this time, this will be our topic for next week. Nathan also made an excellent point. As it has happened to many historical figures, from Jesus, to Mohammed, to our own Adam Smith, just to name a few, their teachings and beliefs have been compartmentalized, separated into isolated dogmas, by their followers. Subsequently, their different successors have emphasized only those dogmas supporting their own agendas and ignored those opposing them, resulting in… Before I go on a tangent, let's stop this debate now and focus on our upcoming test. Elizabeth, you're going to love this, I want all of you to concentrate on Adam Smith's theories, primarily his views on ethics, which we will apply to the current business environment in our own country. I promise it'll be an interesting exploration!" The weeks before Thanksgiving break were very busy for all our friends. The ongoing romance between Jane and Charles was flourishing; they were seldom separated for long, although Jane, good girl that she was, never spent a single night away from the apartment. That was a bit frustrating for Charles who, while not yet ready for a long term relationship, was fully committed to his angel! He was a patient man. Fall season, a bustling time in Congress, found Charlotte fully engaged in her new role at work of lobbying the lawmakers, promoting the agendas of her clients. She was constantly on the move, all over Capitol Hill, whenever and wherever she was needed. Sometimes Lizzy the idealist, the 'multi-multi-multi-millionaire idealist', as Charlotte jestingly called her, would give her grief about her lobbying job. Charlotte always countered that her company only did business with reputable organizations advocating for legitimate causes. Therefore, the public at large generally benefited from her hard, honest work. Lizzy knew that was true but she enjoyed the banter with her friend too much to agree without a good debate. Meanwhile, nearby in Reston, Virginia, on a balmy fall morning, Louisa Hurst was having breakfast with her sister Caroline in her spacious townhome. James was away on business while Caroline was staying with her. It was Louisa's first trimester and her belly was beginning to swell. She and James were overjoyed with the upcoming addition to their family. He was taking an exaggerated care of his wife that was almost comical, although it seemed charming to almost everyone. Except to Caroline, to her it was almost unbearable to watch, she was virtually disgusted with the ridiculous spectacle put on by her sister and brother-in-law. "I can't believe it! Louisa, why did you let your husband do that to you? Nothing fits you anymore. You're looking so pale and sickly. And you're no fun anymore, you can't even have a glass of wine, meanwhile he goes and parties the night away!" "Stop disparaging my dear James! You know he's in a medical convention. Believe me; he would prefer to be here with his wife and his baby to be." "He's in Las Vegas Louisa, for crying out loud! And you know the saying, what happens in Vegas, stays in..." "Shut up Carol! That's the venue for the American Academy of Ophthalmology annual convention; he didn't choose it! Every night we video chat until we both fall asleep. Will you please stop slandering my dear husband! Why are you being so negative? Does this mean you're not planning on having any children?" "At this rate," a dispirited Caroline replied, "I'll be an old maid before he proposes and we marry. I'm giving him only one child for holding back for so long! What's he waiting for? What do I have to do? And now he's having second thoughts!" Louisa sighted. "Now I understand why you're in such a sour mood. Please Caroline; you have to forget about William. He doesn't love you, he'll never propose to you. He told you that already. You're still young and so very beautiful. You can find a good man easily. Please sister, go in the dating market. James and I have a few colleagues who are good candidates. They have..." "No! I'll never give up on William! He's all I want. One day I'll be Mrs. Caroline Darcy and will have all the many advantages bestowed by that illustrious name. I won't settle for less. Since you're my sister I expect you to help me catch him instead of discouraging me!" "Caroline, that's not going to happen, you two have never been romantically involved. He already told you in no uncertain terms..." "I don't care what he says! He always seeks me out, doesn't he? He's obviously confused about something or maybe there's someone else. I'll find out what's going on with him. If there's another woman, I'll crush her! I'll stop at nothing to secure him!" "My dear sister, you're deluding yourself. Please let it go; it's a lost battle." "Never! This is war and I must regroup and go on the offensive!" "You're frightening me Caroline. We both know you're not vicious! You're better than that. You need a distraction. Why don't you focus your energies on those beautiful dress designs you always make? You have such a great talent. Please sister, I implore you, give up this hopeless dream. Allow me to introduce you to some of my..." "Stop! I'm leaving now because you're unsupportable this morning. All this stress is getting to me. I'm going shopping for a new dress to calm my nerves. I'll be at the club later, getting a spa treatment, including a full body massage from Pierre. His marvelous hands will melt all this tension in my body. Ta-ta Lulu." At that very same moment, three hundred miles away at his Penthouse in NYC, Robbie was feeling stressed out as well, albeit for an entirely different reason. He was fully absorbed with his PhD studies and full time job. Since the night of the Meridian Ball, he hadn't had a single moment when he wasn't occupied with anything related to either of them. He was looking forward to Lizzie's and his father's visit on Thanksgiving week. Though in all honesty, he'd rather sleep off the entire holiday weekend! His father kept hinting that he wanted him to come back home to initiate the process of taking charge of the family business, but Robbie was determined to complete his doctorate and then he would make a decision. He still had a long year and a half to finish. Lizzy suffered a big disappointment when the first week of November Mr. Benes told her that he was having important contract negotiations in some hotels in Florida that were dragging, therefore he could not join them in NYC. A day later Robbie confessed to her that he was going to be very busy but she could stay in his apartment and he would spend some time with her. Lizzy missed her brother so much! However, the prospect of spending her free week pretty much alone on his Central Park penthouse wasn't very appealing. She knew her brother meant well and he would make time for her, but she also knew that he was extremely busy and she wasn't going to be a distraction for him. She wanted him to rest though knowing him, he would insist on going places just to indulge her. She had to make alternate plans. Thanksgiving week finally arrived! Charles was spending the holidays in his North Carolina country home with Jane and his family. Netherfield Park, a large, modern, Mediterranean style mansion, was located thirty miles north of downtown Raleigh. The estate was surrounded by tennis, basketball and racquetball courts, a swimming pool, a circular trail roughly blazed through hilly North Carolina country; a two acre fully stocked fishing lake, and its own apple orchard. Charles invited Darcy and Jane's roommates to come with them as well, but they had other plans. Charlotte, as was her tradition, was visiting her parents in Upstate New York with all her siblings. Darcy was also spending the holidays with his family in his country estate, Pemberley House, on the south of Virginia. This magnificent stone building was a replica of the original Pemberley House from the county of Derbyshire on the north of England. They were both assets of the Darcy family. The Virginia mansion, although newer, slightly smaller, and more elaborate than the original, also retained a similar connection to nature. Tucked into the woods along a calm river bend, it was surrounded by myriad of trees, far reaching woody hills and soft valleys. It was a paradise for nature lovers. The prides of both estates were the magnificent wineries bearing the same name. Since he was roughly two hours north of Netherfield Park, Darcy had promised Charles that he might visit them on Friday or Saturday if his family allowed him. Lizzy had accepted an invitation to spend the entire Thanksgiving week break with Mary and the Gardiners in North Carolina. Originally they were set to take a chartered plane to Raleigh. The weather for this time of year was so unseasonably warm that Lizzy wanted to drive her convertible. She asked Mary, who agreed wholeheartedly. It took a three-way call with the Gardiners to soften Mr. Benes and Robbie to finally allow Lizzy to drive those long five hours. Even then, they kept calling Lizzy non-stop to give her hints on driving on that 'dangerous' I-95 highway -drive carefully, pay attention, no phones, no distractions, be alert, etc.- on a vain but unsuccessful attempt to convince her to cease and desist. Given that the Gardiners lived in North Raleigh, about half an hour south of Netherfield Park, Lizzy promised Charles that she might visit them if she had some free time during the holiday weekend. The Thursday evening before Lizzy's planned departure for North Carolina, Charlotte and Jane were preparing a surprise meal for her. They were taking a very long time while not letting her come into the kitchen. After an agonizing couple of hours, Lizzy was so hungry and it smelled so delicious that she finally couldn't resist and went to the kitchen. What she saw shocked her beyond measure. The food had already been done. But that wasn't what shocked her the most. Charles was there as if by magic! He was carrying a giant roasted turkey and there was enough food to feed an army! Before Lizzy had time to react, the trio burst out laughing as if they were naughty children, while at the same time the doorbell rang announcing a visitor. Lizzy was so confused that she went and opened the front door without checking who it was. She received the surprise of her life when she found Robbie and Mr. Benes smiling at her. Before she had time to react again, Charlotte, Jane and Charles came behind her and yelled, "Surprise!" It would be almost impossible to describe what happened next: screams, jumps, cries, hugs, tears, it was pandemonium. Lizzy was a hurricane of delight! They proceeded to have their own pre-Thanksgiving meal. Throughout the night, her men kept repeating the same warnings and advice about the long drive; they even offered to take her and Mary to North Carolina that same night. Lizzy's resolution, of course, prevailed. They had a wonderful night although it was cut short because Friday was going to be very busy for all of them. Lizzy and Mary left on Saturday morning. The suitcases were loaded in a limousine which was serving as unofficial escort, Lizzy's reluctant concession to pacify her relatives. It was a perfect day for a long drive. While driving in the long highway, our adventurers reveled in the sensation of the sun in their faces, the fresh air, the loud singing along with the radio… the freedom! They were the PG version of Thelma and Louise! They arrived in the early afternoon energized and hungry; they didn't eat in the way because Alice Gardiner had promised them that she was going to cook one of Lizzy's favorite meals, 'arroz con pollo estilo Boricua con tostones' (Puerto Rican style yellow rice with chicken with fried plantains), a meal Alice had learned to cook in her many trips to the island. Lizzy wasn't disappointed, it was delicious! Lizzy spent a fun, relaxing week with the Gardiner family. She had some heart to heart conversations with Mrs. Gardiner whom she missed very much. She enjoyed each minute spent with her aunt Alice, as she had always known her, along with her adopted family. Thursday morning Lizzy set up to watch on TV with the Gardiner's the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade from New York City, but she could only watch a few minutes. She went to her room immediately after it began and didn't come back until it was over. She forced herself not to let that episode affect the festivities. When she returned, she was composed and appeared as happy as she had been before. No one mentioned the morning events; from that moment on everybody had a very cheerful celebration, especially when the big succulent turkey made its appearance on the dinner table already spread with all kinds of delectables. Friday was a lazy day for our friends; everyone was too stuffed to do anything significant but sit around, watch movies or sports on TV, and doze off. Except for Lizzy, she did something entirely new and exciting with her adopted family. For the Gardiners, Black Friday, the Christmas Sales Kickoff Day, was almost as sacred as Thanksgiving Day. They had turned it into a military operation. The two older boys spent the whole night lined up in front of the electronics super store. Mr. Gardiner and his younger daughter went to the giant sporting goods store at midnight. Lizzy, Alice and Mary woke up at two in the morning to line up in front of the huge department store. Each member of the family had been assigned one or two specific sale items. Since Lizzy was a neophyte, Alice had to provide an introduction to the mission Lizzy was to undertake. She even prepared a map of the store with specific directions and details about the two items Lizzy was supposed to seize. When the store doors opened at 7am, Lizzy went flying beginning her quest. It was such a fun adrenaline-charged experience to navigate around and do battle with all those determined ladies for the two pretty discounted blouses! By noon, they all returned home with their bounty. The rest of the day was spent retelling the stories of their morning heroic acts, eating leftovers and doing absolutely nothing. Lizzy had so much fun that day! Saturday morning Lizzy received a call from Charles telling her that Jane had suffered a case of food poisoning and he had to take her to a hospital in Raleigh. Lizzy went directly to the hospital. Worried for her friend, she was about to inquire in the front desk when Charles came out with Jane in a wheel chair. "Sorry Lizzy, I shouldn't have scared you so much. It seems Jane only had a very bad case of indigestion but she's feeling better now, after they cleaned her stomach. All she'll need is some rest. Since you're here, why don't you visit us for a few hours? You can go back to your friends later tonight." "Well, I was going for a long jog in the park. I'm not dressed appropriately for a formal visit, but I will go with you. This way I can make sure Jane is comfortable." "Don't worry Lizzy, you look fine, this is a perfect day to be outdoors and you're suitably dressed. Nobody will fault you for that." When they arrived at Netherfield House, they opened the door to find Louisa, James, Caroline and Darcy waiting for them in the entrance of the mansion. When Lizzy saw Darcy she flushed, but was able to disguise her discomfort behind the mask of her concern for Jane. After the customary greetings she accompanied Jane to her room to help her settle down so she could get some rest. In her haste to depart from the present company, Lizzy failed to notice Caroline's disdainful looks. After Lizzy and Jane left, Caroline began to make some offensive comments about the poor chit's unfashionable appearance, lack of manners, etc. Fortunately for Darcy, who felt compelled to defend Lizzy's honor, he didn't have to create a scene because Charles silenced Caroline by chewing her out on the spot for her rudeness in disparaging a guest of his house. Lizzy herself wasn't feeling very comfortable either. 'Had I known he was here I wouldn't have come! How unfortunate that Jane had to get sick today.' Jane and Lizzy chatted for a few minutes until Jane fell asleep from exhaustion. Lizzy remained in the room a little while longer, reading a book she had found on the room. After half an hour, just as she was preparing to return to Raleigh, Charles came in and invited her to play tennis. Lizzy loved tennis and couldn't deny herself that pleasure, especially with the beautiful weather they were having that Saturday morning. After borrowing a tennis outfit from Jane, she left with Charles. Caroline was already in the tennis court with Darcy and James. When she saw Lizzy, she sneered and said, "Charles we've been waiting for you to play a doubles match. Are you finally ready or are you going to invite the whole staff as well?" Lizzy just shrugged off at her incivility, she was eager for a game, even with the present company. It had been a while since she last had played tennis (in the summer in Puerto Rico with Robbie and her dad). "Lizzy and I are ready now. Who are going to be our victims?" "Will and I always play together since we make such an amazing team. What about James? He was waiting to play with you." Lizzy smiled, amused when she noticed Darcy's discomfort when Caroline staked her claim. "You go ahead and play James; I can practice by myself on the wall." "No Lizzie, you have to play, I just finished a set with Will which left me exhausted. Besides, I have to check on my dear Louise." They began the match. After warming up, Caroline requested to be allowed to serve first and everyone obliged her. On her first serve, a slow speed slice placed just in front of Lizzy's service box, Caroline emitted a loud cry prompting Lizzy to stop playing, running quickly to her side. "What's wrong Caroline, did you get hurt? Have you pulled a muscle? Do you need help?" Caroline was annoyed but Charles was the first one to react, cracking up laughing. "This is so funny Lizzy, you don't know that Caroline is a grunter." "That was a grunt? It sounded like a howl! Are you ok?" Caroline was now exasperated. "Yes, I'm fine, get used to it! Haven't you heard that grunting is very stylish in tennis nowadays? That point is ours; Eliza probably stopped the game because she couldn't return my fabulous serve." Lizzy rolled her eyes and returned to her position to resume the match. She missed Caroline's next serve because this time she was giggling. She immediately stopped her mirth when she spied Darcy giving her a knowing smile. "Eliza, you're running out of excuses. Now I'm beginning to doubt if you're good enough to play with us. Should we call James to take over for you? That is also our point. We're up 30-love." That was Caroline's last point of the whole match. Her next serve received a swift forehand return by Lizzy in the left corner just inside the doubles sideline. Lizzy and Charles proceeded to return successfully all of Caroline's weak serves to win the first game. When it was Lizzy's turn, with perfectly executed overhand serves in absolute silence, she hit four consecutive aces in the corners of the service lines. It was evident who the real tennis player was and who was the pretender. Charles was good, especially returning serves, although Darcy unquestionably was the best player on the court. His serve was powerful and he was very fast and accurate. Lizzy thought he could give Robbie a run for his money. However, Team Darcy had a weakness and in order to win, that weakness had to be exploited. Each time Lizzy had the opportunity, she would hit it strong in Caroline's side causing her to either miss, hit it long, outside, or in the net. A few times Caroline sent the ball flying outside the court fence! She moaned, pouted, blamed the court, the racket, Darcy, and everything except for the real culprit. Lizzy was relentless in her attack. At one point Lizzy and Darcy had a 14 shot rally until Lizzy send the ball flying to Caroline, making her miss the volley wide. "Will, you were playing with Eliza! Why didn't you get that one?" "Because that ball was on your side!" Finally the set ended with a score of 6-3, the three games were made by Darcy with his superior game play; he even broke Charles' serve once. Not only did he play almost entirely by himself, his partner was an albatross around his neck. After the set ended Caroline claimed exhaustion from the hard game she had played. Lizzy on the other hand was just warming up. She challenged Charles and he accepted. She was relentless on her attack, moving all over the court, dispatching him easily 6-2. Darcy offered to play against her but she politely declined declaring that she wanted to jog for a while before returning home. Darcy knew she wanted to keep on playing, but not with him. She inquired about the length of the hilly trail around the park and when Charles told her it was five miles long, she was satisfied. After Charles ensured her that it was safe, she setup on the run. When Darcy saw Lizzy for the first time that day, his heart wanted to explode. He wouldn't dare approach her, and was overjoyed when she came down to play with them. Her tennis outfit fit her so stunningly that he couldn't resist openly gazing at her like a lost puppy. Luckily no one was paying attention to him. If he previously believed she was beautiful, now he had to adjust his earlier estimation. Her soft brown curls were playfully cascading down her back. When she smiled, her fine eyes sparkled with animation. When she smirked, her inviting, sensuous lips parted just a tiny bit. Her shapely, graceful figure was accentuated in a modest dark green tennis outfit. Her delicate shoulders, her toned arms, her long, gorgeous, sexy legs... She was the goddess Aphrodite who came down from Mount Olympus to tempt him! Caught up as he was in his own rapture, Darcy wasn't aware that when Lizzy glanced at him, her thoughts were similar to his but with a polar opposite reaction. She likewise thought he was the finest-looking man she'd ever seen, from top to bottom. She couldn't deny her strong attraction to him. Though each time she would begin to soften her heart, she would recall the barrage of insults he hurled that night. No matter how much Charlotte tried to convince her otherwise, she still thought the same about him and couldn't forgive and forget, despite her traitorous feelings. When Elizabeth revealed her tennis prowess, Darcy's admiration continued developing its own momentum. He was so proud of her. Of her strength, her intensity, her speed, her self-control, the gracious yet forceful way she brushed aside Caroline's rudeness, the fact that she wouldn't give an inch to her enemy. Her enemies, he reluctantly had to concede. Poor Caroline, all her life she had worked so hard, though not too hard it seemed, to obtain those talents she believed were indispensable to secure a rich husband. Then that nobody showed up eclipsing her in every achievement. Regardless, she wasn't concerned about Eliza as a potential rival. Even if Darcy acted like a lovesick teenager around her, she was certain he would never attach himself to a Puerto Rican girl, no matter how perfect the chit seemed. Eliza was just a passing fancy. Caroline could scarcely fathom the idea of Eliza being the cause of Will's recent change in attitude and personality. Impossible, there was someone else or something else the matter with him. Darcy wanted to be with Elizabeth so badly! When she was playing with Charles he kept a constant watch on her, despite Caroline's incessant chatter and attempts to monopolize his attention. When the game concluded in a routing by her he wasn't surprised. After she left for her jog around the park, he decided to return home. He couldn't stand Caroline anymore so he took a quick shower and left after saying goodbye to the others, sans Elizabeth, who was still jogging. Charles attempted to coax him to stay but Darcy was determined to leave. The person he wanted to spend time with wouldn't give him the time of day, and the one he didn't wouldn't leave him alone! He decided to go for a ride around Raleigh, stopping for a snack at a diner downtown. An hour later he setup in the three hour drive back to Pemberley. He took the route towards Netherfield which was on his way home. He was concentrated on the road when suddenly he spotted a vanishing cloud of smoke and a silver convertible parked on the shoulder in the opposite direction. He was going so fast he almost missed the unmistakable brown curls of his beloved. He did a quick U-turn and parked behind her car. When he came to her, Lizzie was sobbing so hard her shoulders were shaking. Suddenly alarmed, he almost shouted with more feeling than civility, "Elizabeth! What happened to you? Are you hurt? Please tell me you're fine!" When Lizzie saw Darcy she calmed down. After a few more seconds, she finally was able to mumble, "I'm fine thank you. My tire exploded. The car almost went out of control and I ended up here. Oh, I was so scared! It felt like I was living through a horrible nightmare!" She began to cry again, urging Darcy to take control of the situation. He opened the door, removed her seatbelt, took her in his arms, carried her to his car, and sat her in the back seat. He slid next to her and unconsciously did something he'd wanted to do for a long time; he began to caress her curls affectionately while whispering calming words. His actions had a magic effect on her. She settled down and stopped crying. "Are you feeling better now?" "Yes, thank you." "Do you want me to call your insurance company?" "Right after the accident, I received a phone call to confirm I was fine and they sent for help." "That's comforting. We'll wait here until they arrive. Are you sure you're Ok?" "I think so. I'm only a bit nervous." "That's understandable. Please rest until they arrive, I promise you'll feel better real soon." She rested her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes, experiencing a sense of security that soothed her. As for Darcy, the sensation of being so close to her was breathtaking. It felt so good for both of them that they decided to remain in silence while taking comfort in the other's presence. In their state of complete absorption, they missed a pair of black SUVs with tinted windows approaching fast from opposite directions, arriving at the same moment a minute later. Both cars slowed down to a crawl stopping for a few seconds, as if inspecting the scene. In a few more seconds, they sped up again. The emergency crew towed Lizzy's car to a dealer in town. Mr. Benes found out almost immediately after her near accident happened. He was relieved when it was reported that she was okay. Then he was pleased when he learned that Darcy had assisted Lizzy and had remained by her side the whole time, and later on drove her to the Gardiners. Lizzy couldn't refuse Darcy's request to take her home after he had been so chivalrous with her. When they began the ride, Lizzy perceived that Darcy had suddenly altered his demeanor; he seemed anxious. Now she was concerned; in that moment she conjectured that it had been an unfortunate idea to allow him to take her home. She was grateful for his assistance, but that didn't mean she had changed the way she felt about him. She was afraid he would return to his old ways and say something unflattering. After his generous performance that day, she didn't want to argue with him, at least not in that moment. When he began to talk she was apprehensive. "Elizabeth, Miss Benes, can you please hear me out? I promise I'm not going to make you uncomfortable by repeating any proposals or make any type of demands from you. I just want to express the feelings I have bottled up inside me which I need to relieve. Please lend me your ear; you don't have to say anything. Would you grant me my wish?" She was hesitant, but she owed him. With a nod, she acceded to his request. She had no expectations; there was nothing he could say to change her mind. She would just listen in silence, unwilling to put up a fight. Not today. "As you may know, and if not, now you will, I'm a successful executive who frequently makes high-stakes deals worth millions with national and multinational corporations. Since I took over my company, I have virtually transformed our vision and strategy and have been very successful. I'm used to making important decisions quickly and decidedly. So far this formula has worked very well on account of my boldness, excellent judgement and understanding of business, among other factors. By the look in your face, you surmise that I'm also a shameless braggart. This is definitely not my intention. Please bear with me. I will explain later why I'm telling you this." "In five miles, turn right onto Exit _ towards _" "From the very first moment of our acquaintance, I have behaved so uncharacteristically contrary to the way I was raised by my excellent parents. My unqualified conduct, my manners, and my expressions during the whole of it, have been inexpressibly painful for me to recollect. I have wronged you in so many ways. I've slighted, teased, infuriated, and demeaned you. I caught you in a vulnerable state and took an improper advantage. I shocked you with an impulsive, premature and insulting marriage proposal. Finally, to my absolute humiliation, I unjustly maligned you with false accusations in the most abominable way. There is no plausible excuse I can offer. I wish I could beg your pardon a million times, but that wouldn't be enough to compensate for my ill-treatment. Ever since that fateful night, I have been doing an extensive introspection, in an attempt to learn from my mistakes. This has been an intense learning process for me, or should I say, a relearning of the basic tenants of civility, comportment and humanity that I have forgotten and needed to retrieve from the far reaches of my brain." "Turn right onto _ and then turn left." "Now I'll explain why I mentioned my business experience. Please understand that this is part of my own introspection. I believe that I have treated you as if you were one of my prospective companies. Before you dismiss me as a lunatic, please allow me to explain." "Turn left onto _." The constant interruption from the GPS device allowed Lizzy to attempt to process some of the information the confusing man was providing. It also allowed Darcy to think of his next words. "From the very first moment I laid eyes on you, you made a strong impression on me. As I do with a company I contemplate to buy or do business with, I made my initial assessment. I didn't have enough… no, I virtually had no information about you, although that didn't stop me from uttering the cruelest most arrogant judgement I could conceive. Caroline was my enabler. I'm not shifting the blame to her, she is the way she is but it is I who has allowed her to behave the way she's accustomed and to treat me as if I'm her property, even when I've never given her any indication of my affection. Instead of censuring, or setting her straight, I was complacent and indulged her, but worst of all, I became like her. These last few weeks I've been trying to make her understand that we'll never be a couple, but she's very stubborn. I could cut ties with her altogether, but I can't because of Charles, who's like a brother to me. I've tried to distance myself from her. The only reason I came today to Netherfield was for Jane's sake and for the remote possibility that you might... Sorry, I lost my train of thought. I believe Caroline won't stop pursuing me until I'm safely married." "Proceed to _ and then turn right." Lizzie blushed and he noticed. "Forgive me again, I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable, I was just expressing a fact. Allow me to continue. After our first encounter, my initial judgement of you underwent a complete transformation. From the first moment you rebuked me, you became like one of my rising companies, you were a blossoming star. My estimation increased exponentially with every interaction until it reached the point of no return when I was captivated by your extraordinary singing performance. I was the Phantom to your Christine. Just as a star company, I had to have you. You weren't perfect in my narrow minded view, you needed some adjustments, but I would mold you to my specifications! What an arrogant, thoughtless, senseless, bastard I was! No wonder you despise me so much!" "Turn right onto_ and then turn left in one mile." "Then, as would be expected, came the catastrophe. My whole performance that night was so abhorrent that I can no longer think of it without feeling crushed by all the force of my disgrace. In all my interactions with you, I failed to realize the only thing that mattered. I was dealing with a human being, the most pure, perfect, innocent, amazing, talented, lively, independent, spirited soul I've ever met. I foolishly allowed my vanity, my pride and my prejudice to ruin, maybe forever, the best chance I'll ever have at happiness." "In five hundred feet, turn left onto _." "The only positive thing which resulted from this trying experience is that I am committed with all my heart and my soul to become a better person, a person worthy of someone like you. Please don't feel uneasy, as I told you before, I'm not asking you for..." "Turn left onto _. Your destination will be on your right in one mile." Lizzy was feeling a multitude of emotions but she hid then as well as she could. The car accident was now occupying a second place in her mind. She was grateful he didn't require a response because she was very confused and wouldn't know what to say. She had much to think about. He noticed her discomfort and decided not to say anything else. They remained in a tense silence the rest of the way. The GPS mercifully put an end to their misery. "You have arrived. Your destination is on your right." They finally arrived at the Gardiner residence. With palpable relief she got out of the car before he could carry out his obvious intention to open the door for her. After closing the door, she leaned forward in the passenger window and gave him a shy smile. With all the sincerity she could muster, she looked him deep in the eyes and said, "Thank you Mr. Darcy. Today you were my knight in shining armor." "You're welcome Miss Benes. Thank you for listening to me. Good bye." She remained frozen in the same spot watching him turn around at the end of the cul-de-sac. When he passed by her, she was looking at him with wonder, as if she was seeing him for the first time. He slowed down, gave her a quick nod and took off. She continued watching the car until it disappeared. After a big argument, lots of pleading and begging from her brother and her father, Lizzy remained set in her determination to drive back to DC on Sunday morning, even if she had to rent a new convertible. She argued that she was an exceptionally safe driver. Her accident had been a one in a million occurrence. In fact, she had been commended for maintaining control of the wheel and steering in the right direction, against the pull of the car. Most importantly, she had the presence of mind to stop gradually, avoiding a more serious accident. She did all that under the effects of extreme mental distress. They didn't argue that point, on the contrary, they were very proud of her! What they did was to insist, in vain, that it was better not to tempt fate twice in a row. It took a trump card from her father to finally break her resistance. In the end, Lizzy returned to DC in the limousine with Mary. Her car would be waiting for her at home. How did her father accomplish such an improbable feat? He actually cried; he didn't shed rehearsed, manipulative, crocodile tears. No, Mr. Benes actually had a genuine emotional meltdown, which Lizzy felt powerless to neutralize.
A/N: This is the latest chapter of my story. Remember that Puerto Rican is not a race but an ethnicity. My Lizzy's white and also a Puerto Rican. This is an issue of elitism, not of racism, where the main character is equal but has a 'different' background than her suitor, analogous to the original tale from that truly exceptional author, Miss Jane Austen. In our case, 'different' is interpreted as inferior by some people, especially in the higher rankings of society. As Mrs. Darcy states below, it is human nature. Also remember that this is a romantic comedy, a tribute to the timeless original. I want to thank my lovely daughter for fixing my biggest mistakes. All remaining blunders are mine due to my perpetual obsession to tweak here and there. I think I have a bad case of editing-OCD! I'm going to stop now or I'll never finish this. I have to accept that it will never be perfect. Please review as I get inspiration to improve my writing. I hope you enjoy. Chapter 12 - The Darcy Christmas Party December brought some bitter cold days to the Nation's Capital, along with the first snow storm of the year. Her daily outdoor morning jogs were restricted, replaced with the monotonous one-eighth mile laps at the Yates Memorial Field House recreation center. The view from Lizzy's balcony was uninspiring. One morning she was gazing at the area where her encounter with the raccoon had taken place a few months before. There she was! Mrs. Confident, as Lizzy had renamed her furry friend, was carrying in her mouth some food she had just scavenged. In a blink of an eye she disappeared behind a large old tree, probably to feast on her stolen meal. The sight of the raccoon reminded her of him. She hadn't seen Darcy since that Saturday in North Carolina. The confusion in her mind regarding his confessions on the car ride contributed heavily to the mixed feelings she was experiencing for him. It was too much to think about, so she had decided not to dwell on it. School, finals above all, now occupied center stage in her life. Lizzy was a very inquisitive, methodical and efficient student. As was expected, she passed her final exams with flying colors, maintaining her 4.0 GPA, which practically assured her nomination as the sole valedictorian of the McDonough School of Business. She would have to get two B's in her last semester to risk losing this honor, which was very unlikely. She wouldn't boast, not even confide this fact to anyone, because she was a faithful adherent to the 'don't count your chickens before they hatch' philosophy. One evening after work, Jane returned to the apartment with a feeling of déjà vu. She and her friends had been invited to a Christmas party at Will Darcy's house. She remembered Lizzy's strong reaction both times she had been in that same situation in the past. Then again, she didn't recall witnessing any complaints from Lizzy as of lately. This time, she hoped, would be different. She had learned of her tennis exploits with Will and Caroline at Netherfield Park, which had to account for something! Lizzy had even praised Will's superior skills as a tennis player! At first, Lizzy was a bit reluctant to go, but then she decided that it should be a tolerable situation. Besides, she thought it would've been a discourtesy to reject the invitation. And her roommates were going too, they would provide moral support if necessary. The night of the party, Jane and Charlotte wore beautiful evening dresses. They knew that this time Lizzy had to wear something nice, as this was a formal dinner party. When they went to her room and saw her, they weren't prepared for the stunning vision they encountered. Lizzy wore a beautiful sapphire blue evening gown featuring a flattering one-shoulder silhouette with an enchanting ruffle at the back. Her long curls were styled in a loose French twist, pinned back, with a modest crystal ribbon headband on top. Her makeup was applied to accentuate her lovely brown eyes while her light coral lipstick enhanced her rosy complexion. She looked radiant! Had she seen her, Ms. Amelia Hart would have been proud of her protégée. When she saw Lizzy, Charlotte's mouth opened wide. She quickly relaxed her features using all her willpower to refrain from making sport of her, as Lizzy had done to herself the night of Charles' party. There were some raw feelings that needed not to be brought back to the surface at that moment. She suspected that Lizzy somehow had a change of heart, although out of prudence it was better not to explore the subject just yet, which was up to her friend. Tonight was a revelation; it was going to be an exciting night! Jane also was astounded by Lizzy's appearance, but she took special care to follow Charlotte's lead. She couldn't have an interest in someone at the party, could she? Will had to be the only person that came to mind. Jane had noticed, almost from the start, Will's marked attentions towards Lizzy. However, she was also aware of her animosity towards him. There was no way Lizzy had changed her mind, or had she? Tonight was going to be an interesting night. The Longbourn ladies arrived at the Darcy Mansion early in the evening together with the Bingleys. Darcy was waiting for them in the grand foyer. When he first saw Lizzy, he did a double take; he had never, ever, seen anything so captivating. Lizzy blushed when she noticed Darcy's reaction. After greeting him, she moved to the other side of Charlotte. Caroline immediately grabbed Darcy's arm. "Dear William, this is so generous of you, to invite us to your exclusive home, and including some people who don't deserve this honor." She glanced at Lizzy, continuing her obsequious babble, "This is the finest home in the whole country. All the paintings and sculptures you see here are original works of art from the most famous masters. They are more expensive than you could ever dream of. Please refrain from touching anything." Darcy was upset and ashamed at Caroline's incivility. 'To think that I once was like her, no wonder Elizabeth dislikes me so much!' He detached himself from Caroline, proceeding to escort the whole group to another room where the rest of his family was waiting. He tried to get closer to Lizzy, but she maneuvered to keep Charlotte between them. Jane was dazed with the size and magnificence of the grand foyer and great hall. The house was tastefully decorated with classical paintings and portraits, fine sculptures and oriental vases. The furniture had a certain enduring appeal, creating an antique look and a nostalgic vibe. Lizzy was charmed with the elegance, the refinement, and at the same time, the openness of the interior decoration. As she was walking admiring the art, a painting caught her eye. It was a sixteenth-century portrait of a young patrician lady in a dignified pose, wearing a gold and black lattice hair cover, a simple golden tiara and precious jewelry. She was dressed in a bright red gown with dark green sleeves over a white shirt. She was seated on a richly decorated Savonarola chair; a small brown and white Royal spaniel puppy was resting on her lap, alongside a dark bead chaplet ending in a gold lattice tassel. At the sight of the painting, Lizzy gasped in astonishment, taking a step backwards, attracting the attention of everyone. She recovered as quickly as she could, struggling to do something to distract herself from the powerful emotion she was feeling at that moment. Then she remembered Caroline's words just a few minutes before. "Caroline, I don't believe this is an original. What do you think?" "Obviously, that is an original, Eliza. That noble lady is an ancestor of the Darcys from Europe. It was painted hundreds of years ago by a famous master. Please don't get too close. It's very valuable." "Elizabeth is right, Caroline; this is a copy of a 'Portrait of a Lady in Red', by Agnolo Bronzino, an Italian Renaissance painter from the early sixteen century. The original masterpiece resides in Germany." Lizzy hadn't yet fully recovered from the shock she had received upon encountering that picture. A hint of sadness seemed to be emanating from her face. "Yes," she replied, "in the Städel Museum at Frankfurt. A few years ago I had the fortune to visit this gallery with... I studied the original painting closely and can safely tell you that this one here does a lot of justice to it. For a second there, I found myself transported to that place…" She almost ran out of breath with her last words. Darcy wasn't sure what was going on with Elizabeth, but she was evidently affected by something and he wasn't going to let her suffer. So he decided to tell her the story of the painting. "Thank you. This painting is a forgery by one of the most notorious art forgers in history, Otto Wacker, a German art dealer. My great-great-grandfather purchased it from the man himself in 1925. Mr. Wacker told him that this painting had been smuggled out of Germany right after World War I by a Russian general who escaped to Switzerland after the war with a number of original paintings. He claimed the general could not be identified because his family could face persecution from the Soviet authorities. Mr. Wacker even provided a very convincing certificate of authenticity and provenance, which are kept behind this painting. Four years later he was charged with fraud and was sent to jail. My great-great-grandfather originally purchased the painting with the intention of returning it to the rightful museum, but then he found out it was a forgery. We keep this painting here to honor our ancestor. Besides, as you aptly pointed out, it's so remarkably like the original. Congratulations Elizabeth, you spotted the only forgery in the whole house!" Lizzy was fascinated by Darcy's tale of the history of the painting but then, true to his colors, the insufferable man mortified her once again. "My apologies Mr. Darcy; I didn't mean to find any failings in your reputable collection. My attention was caught by this one because… My mother…" She became so gloomy, almost to the point of losing her composure. Darcy noticed this and believing he had embarrassed her, attempted to raise her spirits. With a bright smile, he answered, "You misunderstood my intention. I take no offense, quite the contrary; you seem to have excellent discrimination for great paintings. This could turn into a profitable career for you. Perhaps you should consider the Smithsonian?" Lizzy's rosy cheeks turned rosier. She smiled in return. Darcy froze upon experiencing those bewitching eyes, becoming speechless all of a sudden. Caroline unintentionally saved him. Tired of a conversation in which she had no share, she resolved to reclaim him for herself. She moved next to Darcy and captured his arm once again. "Will, are you going to introduce our friends to your dear family?" "Certainly. Please proceed to the drawing room. They are waiting for us." This time, he had no choice but to remain with Caroline. Jane was holding Charles' hand, followed by Louisa and James, Charlotte and Lizzy, and at the rear, Caroline and Darcy. The drawing room was very elegant, decorated with more classical paintings and elegant furniture. There were three new people in the room. The first one was a refined looking lady of 55 with a youthful appearance, who was introduced by Will as his mother, Mrs. Anne Darcy. With a graceful motion, she gave a polite bow while welcoming everyone to her home. A pretty 18-year-old girl, as tall as Lizzy, was standing next to the lady. Her blonde hair, blue eyes, aquiline nose and handsome face gave her a striking resemblance to Mrs. Darcy. As she was being introduced by Will as his sister Georgiana, she proceeded to move forward giving a quick hug to the Bingleys and the Hurtses, and timidly shaking the other's hands. The last person was a gentleman of 30 bearing a certain resemblance to Darcy, only a bit shorter and not as handsome. Darcy introduced him as his cousin, Colonel Richard Fitzwilliam. He flashed a big grin, showing his white teeth while waving at the three new ladies as they were being introduced. When Colonel Fitzwilliam caught a glimpse of Lizzy, he immediately navigated to the attractive brunette and said to her, "Elizabeth, it's a pleasure to meet you." "Nice to meet you too, Colonel. Please call me Lizzy. Can you tell us what branch of our armed forces you are serving at?" "Of course Lizzy, my name's Richard by the way. For your information, I'm on my third term of enlistment with the U. S. Army..." Richard and Lizzy continued chatting to the exclusion of everyone else. Darcy was trying to attend to the dialogue between Caroline and Mrs. Darcy, but he had all his attention diverted towards Richard who seemed to be putting his moves on Elizabeth. After a few minutes in conversation, Mrs. Darcy invited everyone into the dining room. Lizzy had noticed Darcy's uneasiness toward her conversation with Richard, thus, to avoid any more pain for him, she went to Charlotte and held on to her. Richard was planning on remaining with the beauty that had captured his attention, but after he observed her quick escape and Darcy's discomfort, suspected that there was probably some underlying connection between the pair. He decided to back off until he was able to determine if there was something going on between them or not. The formal dinner was an elaborate affair. Jane and Charlotte, at first, felt overwhelmed with all the different courses, but Lizzy, who was seated between them, discreetly guided them on the proper etiquette, and they were able to relax and enjoy themselves. Only Darcy and his mother noticed the invaluable service Lizzy was providing to her friends. Darcy, who was seated at the other side of the table, admired her every gesture. Mrs. Darcy began to suspect a partiality that was becoming evident from her own son. After dinner was over, they remained at the table for a while. Mrs. Darcy began the conversation by addressing Lizzy. "Elizabeth, my William tells me that you are pursuing a Finance Major at Georgetown and you are the next valedictorian for the McDonough School of Business. Congratulations! I don't know if he ever told you, but I also graduated from that same department at Georgetown many years ago." "Thank you ma'am, but I'm not the valedictorian. That will be announced at the end of next semester." "Lizzy, you know it's a matter of course!" Lizzy smiled at Charlotte. "Thank you, my most loyal advocate. In five months, we'll know for sure." Before giving Charlotte the opportunity to respond, Lizzy addressed Mrs. Darcy. "That is so coincidental, it would be interesting to compare the similarities and differences between our programs; you're obviously young enough that I imagine some of our professors may have been the same." "You flatter me child, unfortunately I won't be of much help remembering anything from that period of my life. What are your plans after your graduation?" Lizzy flushed at her question, seeing as she would have to answer or risk insulting her host, she responded, "I have been accepted to Georgetown School of Law and will start the following semester after my graduation." Charles couldn't help exclaiming. "I knew it Lizzy; you're going to be one of us! We'll find you employment in our company when you graduate. I'd like to keep you close by." "Thank you Charles, regrettably, my plans are more specific. I may choose to move to New York City to be close to my brother or return to Puerto Rico to work with my father. I still have a few years to decide." Darcy didn't like that answer. He also sensed Lizzy's discomfort with this conversation and decided to end it. "Since we're done with dinner, would you all mind moving to the entertainment room to enjoy some music?" Lizzy, feeling ill at ease from all the attention she had gathered, excused herself to go to the powder room where she remained for a few minutes to relieve her agitation. As everyone else got up to leave, Caroline immediately latched onto Darcy to his utter annoyance. Richard saved him from Caroline's clutches by requesting to talk to him in private. "That woman's relentless, isn't she?" "Thank you, cousin; I'm up to my wits end with her. If it wasn't for Charles..." "Enough about Caroline, I want to know more about that jewel that you've been hiding from me. She's a knockout! I'm interested unless you two have some sort of understanding?" Darcy gazed at the door with longing. "You don't know the half of it; she's a treasure I would love to win. I would rather say that we've had a series of misunderstandings which I'm trying to rectify. I will tell you more later." Everyone separated into small groups continuing their conversations. Caroline sat on a loveseat by herself applying to Darcy to come sit by her. He was beginning to feel a headache coming. Deciding not to make a scene, he chose to ignore her, remaining by the door waiting for Elizabeth. When Lizzy made her entrance, she came face to face with Darcy. She was about to compliment him on his magnificent home when her eyes reflexively focused on a large piece of furniture in the room. She couldn't help from exclaiming, "A grand piano! Is it a concert?" Caroline snickered at this ridiculous statement. "Oh yes, Eliza, this is a very grand piano. The Darcys have sponsored a number of concerts here. I have had the privilege to attend on many occasions." Lizzy was actually referring to the concert grand piano located strategically on the side of the spacious entertainment room to afford an optimal performance. She ignored Darcy, moving swiftly to the piano. Georgiana instinctively followed her. When they arrived, Lizzy asked Georgiana, "Can I see it?" Georgiana moved to the piano to open the fallboard. Lizzy sat on the bench and with one finger, proceeded to strike notes at random, feeling the sound each key made. "I love how a grand concert piano not only produces this wide range of tones but also has such responsive key action. When you press them lightly, while controlling the levers, they make this unique, expressive sound. It's as if you can create an infinite variety of tones, this is heavenly!" She proceeded to press more random keys and play simple tunes hard and soft while listening and enjoying the sounds. She was a little girl dreamily hand-picking her favorite sweets in a candy store. Caroline crudely interrupted her fantasy. "Eliza, if you're not going to play a serious song, perhaps you will allow those of us with true piano skills to perform for our friends." Lizzy immediately moved away from the piano as if the keys were burning her fingers. She stood behind by the wall staring at the keyboard. Meanwhile, Caroline found a very familiar song by John Cage among the sheets resting on the music rack. The song was so easy she could play it by ear. However, she asked Will to turn the pages for her. This was an important occasion and she wasn't going to take any chances. 'Besides, I love how we fit so perfectly together!' Darcy reluctantly moved to the bench, sitting as far as he could from Caroline. As she was playing, she kept trying to move closer to him while he kept moving away, until he was almost falling from the chair. The others were amused with their little game, except for Lizzy, whose attention was riveted on the keyboard. Caroline delivered a decent performance, although it seemed monotonous. It was evident that she was more interested in her assistant than in her execution. When the song ended, everyone applauded politely. "Thank you Caroline, that was so beautiful!" "You're welcome Eliza, I hope you have learned a thing or two tonight. Dear Georgiana, you're such an accomplished pianist, can you play something for us, please?" Georgiana was uncomfortable with Caroline's apparent slight towards Elizabeth. For some reason she felt the need to do something nice to her. "Why don't we let Elizabeth play now?" Lizzy was hesitant. She wanted to play so bad, but she knew she wasn't ready. "I haven't played in such a long time; would you please indulge me with a delightful melody?" "Definitely, do you have any preference?" "What about a lively sonata, perhaps something from Mozart?" "It would be my pleasure." Georgiana sat at the piano with Darcy remaining as the page turner. He was very proud of his sister. At that moment he felt warm and hope in his heart. 'I will probably get to assist her when it's her turn. I may be able to show her my civility as well.' Georgiana played the first movement of Mozart's 'Piano Sonata No. 13'. Her interpretation was lively and playful. She showed great skill and emotion. Elizabeth closed her eyes during the performance, allowing the gorgeous music to penetrate her senses. After the cheerful applause, Mrs. Darcy came to the piano. She played a lively Scottish air that was enjoyed by everyone. Charles playfully took Jane for a reel following the rhythm of the music. After Mrs. Darcy sat down, Caroline moved again to the piano. "Well Eliza, after hearing all the performers tonight, do you still want to play? I can play again if you're not up to it. We won't feel rejected if you believe your level of proficiency might not be up to our standards." Lizzy was tempted to accept Caroline's offer, but at the last minute decided to overcome her self-restraint. She needed to do this! But before, she asked, "Is there anyone else who may want to entertain us?" When no one responded, Lizzy continued, "OK, I will play a song. I hope you like it." Darcy was euphoric. 'At last!' Lizzy promptly deflated his expectations when she stood in front of him with a timid smile, "I won't need your services." Darcy was disappointed while Caroline, although happy that her man wasn't going to sit with her, was affronted by the girl's cockiness. She had to set her straight. "Eliza, will your melody be so plain that you won't need a score? What are you going to play for us? Mary Had a Little Lamb again?" When Lizzie noticed that Darcy was leaving, she asked him, "Can you please do me a little favor?" Then she addressed Mrs. Darcy. "Ma'am, I apologize for my boldness, would it be an inconvenience if we open the lid?" "By all means no dear, William, can you please open it?" After the lid was opened, Lizzy folded the music sheet, put it on the seat next to her, lowered the music rack, and took a long, satisfying view inside the grand piano. She seemed to be in a trance. She placed her hands over the keys, was about to start, when she stopped again, moved her hands behind her head, removed the hair fasteners, placed them next to her, and shook her head to unloosen her curls, letting them flow free on her shoulders. Finally, she inhaled deeply. Now she was ready. Everyone in the room was distracted with this display of idiosyncrasies. Darcy's senses were fully enthralled with her every action. When she let her hair loose he shuddered, but was able to gain control of himself before being discovered. Caroline whispered a little too loud, "She better be good after this show she's giving us." Charlotte quickly approached Charles and whispered to him, "This is so exciting! Hurry! Can we have the same standard procedure as in your party?" "I got you covered." He quickly stood up, went to the back, pressed a few buttons on the wall, and returned to his seat. No one paid attention to him as they were too busy watching Lizzy's quirky mannerisms. Finally, she began to play. The first part of the song became familiar almost immediately to Georgiana, who nearly choked from the surprise. She took her mother's hand, dragging her to the other side of the room while whispering, "Franz Liszt, 'Hungarian Rhapsody Number 6'. Hurry! I want to see her hands!" This disruption by Georgiana went unnoticed by Lizzy, whose deep concentration was absolute. She was pounding the keys with force, shaking her entire body, her long, soft brown curls fluttering over her back and shoulders. She ended the first part with a long cadenza using sharps and flats. The second part had a lively beat, leading to a slow section, played like an improvised rhythm, concluding with a brilliant improvisation. As she was playing, she would move her arms swiftly and gracefully up and over the keyboard, while her delicate body would sway with the music. Her fingers moved so fast they seemed to be flying over the keys, demonstrating an amazing technique. At times Lizzy would play the keys so gently they were barely audible to the people farther away from her. Other times she would play them with strength. She was fully immersed; sometimes she would gaze forward or up at an imaginary point, or would just close her eyes allowing the music to touch her soul. She was absolutely immersed on the melody. She was playing with a very intense feeling. Had the audience closed their eyes, they could have heard an outstanding melody. But as they also observed the piano player, they took in more than the music. They could experience a story she seemed to be relating through her body language, drawing everyone's feelings in the unraveling of the plot. She was the conductor, the performer, the music, the storyteller, all united to create a passionate rhapsody. Near the end of the song she played the chords with her left hand and the accompaniments with the right hand with astonishing speed and accuracy. In another sequence, she furiously played fast octave passages with both hands in unison producing a powerful harmony, ending the performance in a spectacular way with magnificent B-flat major chords. She placed her hands on her lap, facing forward, her eyes still glazed. The room remained quiet for a minute, although it seemed it was ages. Her listeners were completely blown away by the emotion, transfixed and astonished. Finally, Charles broke the silence by standing up, applauding hard and shouting "Bravo! Bravo! Bravo!" Everyone followed Charles' lead. When Lizzy heard the applause, she came to her senses. She lowered her head closing her eyes, a tear came out, and another, and another. She couldn't control her pain any longer exploding in uncontrollable sobs. Darcy immediately stood up to go to her, but Charlotte stopped him. She went to Lizzy, embraced her and asked her to calm down. Lizzy was whispering between sobs, "This was her favorite song. Why did she leave me? Why did she have to die? Why did she have to die? Why did she have to die?" She kept repeating herself, crying on Charlotte's shoulder. Charlotte helped her stand up and then asked Georgiana to pick up the hair retainers and lead them to the nearest bathroom. Darcy felt so miserable. He had seen her in this state so many times now. He wanted to be the only one to comfort her, to be with her like the last time, to hold her, to make it all right. He knew it wasn't his fault, but somehow he felt responsible since apparently his house brought some bad memories of a loved one who was gone. He remembered her reaction when she saw the painting in the drawing room and now with the piano. 'Could it be her mother?' After they left the room, Charles, who was embracing a teary-eyed Jane, was the first to react. "Jane, do you have any idea who Lizzy was referring to?" "Her mom. Two years ago, the same day Lizzy had finished all her exams from the first semester; we received an unexpected visit from her brother Robbie. He told her that their mom was very sick. She was so furious, asking her brother why they hadn't told her sooner. Robbie explained that their mom had specifically demanded to hide her condition from Lizzy until the end of the semester. That same day they left for Puerto Rico with Charlotte. Charlotte returned a week later after the funeral." "She told me that Lizzy arrived just in time to say goodbye to her mom. Mrs. Benes had an incurable tumor and was supposed to die much sooner, but she had willed herself to live in order to say goodbye to her baby daughter before she passed away. She lasted a full day, with Lizzy prostrated on her lap, not wanting to let go. Charlotte told me that Lizzy was devastated. It was so bad her family feared she was going to have a nervous breakdown. Charlotte left right after the funeral because she couldn't take the pain of seeing Lizzy so traumatized. We thought she wasn't going to return for the second semester. A day before the start of classes though, she showed up as if nothing had happened. Since that day she had been reluctant to talk about her mother. This is the first time she even mentioned her." "I believe this is the second time tonight," said Charles, "After Lizzy saw the picture of the 'Lady in Red', I believe she made a reference to her mom. She already seemed distressed back then." "Yes," continued Jane, "The summer before her passing, Mrs. Benes and Lizzy went to Europe to visit various museums to admire their favorite art. I remember that painting; they had been so excited to see the original. Her mother was a big fan of Bronzino and that was her favorite painting. Lizzy had a copy in her room, which was removed along with all the pictures of her mother the day before Lizzy returned to the apartment. I don't know who took them; I assumed it was Charlotte, although we never discussed it since it was so painful to even talk about it." Mrs. Darcy commented, "I guess that would explain why the poor child felt so distressed, first the painting and then the piano. I feel for her. To have all this pain bottled up inside and not been able to release it." She nodded at her son with acknowledgment. They remained in silence for a while as if in contemplation. After a few minutes, they began to talk about Lizzy's performance. They were all very impressed. In addition to her command of the performance, Mrs. Darcy praised her pleasing, unpretentious nature and the force of her almost untamed musical expression. Georgiana was the most vocal. "I have seen other advanced students in my piano class attempt to play this song, but in the presto or in the allegro they lose control. Lizzy instead played each note flawlessly; her fingers seemed to be soaring over the keyboard. She also played with so much feeling; I don't know how to describe it. She seemed to be telling a story as the tune progressed. This is now my favorite melody; I want to learn to play it like Lizzy!" Everyone enjoyed Georgiana's enthusiasm, which helped restore the mood in the room. Twenty minutes later Charlotte and Lizzy returned to the room. They all stopped talking, waiting to see how Lizzy was doing. Her eyes were predictably red; her mood though seemed much improved. When Lizzy noted the silence, she said, "Why all the sad faces, and why is the piano silent? This is a Christmas party, so we must lighten up the mood! Georgiana, would you like to play a duet with me?" Georgiana jumped so fast from her chair she almost fell to the floor. "Yes, yes!" Mrs. Darcy was taken aback with her daughter's exuberance. She wanted to control her, but Georgiana seemed so happy that she decided to hold back. She hadn't seen her baby so excited in a long time; she wasn't going to ruin her happiness now. Georgiana and Lizzy went to the piano, where they spent the next few minutes talking by themselves, laughing, and occasionally playing some movements from different songs. Darcy and his mother were amazed at the instant rapport the pair had established in such a short acquaintance. When Lizzy talked, the rhythm of her delicate hands seemed to flow gracefully with her speech. Darcy sat there, unaware of anything but her. 'I wonder what she's telling Gee.' "Ever since I can remember, my mom inspired me to feel the music. Whenever she sang a song or played an instrument, she devoted herself fully to the performance. I inherited this trait from her. When I'm performing, I lose myself in the moment." Georgiana said, "Yes, I felt as if, as you were playing that difficult song with your hands, which you played so amazingly well, you were relaying a story with your body, weren't you?" Lizzy was thrilled, in that moment she believed she had found a kindred spirit. "I'm speechless! You understood! Yes, traditionally, this song tells a very sad story of hopelessness, despair and suicide. My mother instead taught me a different version, a love story. The opening is so happy, love is in the air, and everything is good; the Presto is fast and lively. The middle is sad, love is threatened, the Andante almost makes you cry, you can feel the misery. The final section, the Allegro, running up and down the scales, is euphoric, powerful and impetuous, meaning true love defeats all obstacles. The ending is a blissful rainbow of brilliant fireworks!" "I love that version Lizzy! I understand you completely and now I like this song even more!" "I'm glad you like it. Each time I play it, I come up with a different scenario based on a love story; each single chord progression represents different scenes, sensations, feelings, experiences. I used to tell the stories I conceived to my mom, she loved listening to me... I'm sorry for my recent outburst; I'm not used to these open displays of emotion, but tonight, this house, the painting, the piano, her song, my mommy..." Georgiana sensed Lizzy's declining emotional state and tried to revive her by changing the conversation. "There's nothing to be sorry for, I'm very happy to have met you. I'm happier yet that you're my friend! Lizzy, do you know how to play the harp?" These words from Georgiana had a comforting effect on Lizzy. She didn't say anything special, didn't give a monumental speech, she was just a friend. Lizzy didn't know why, but she liked Georgiana instantly. "Not too much. I haven't played one in ages. Why? Do you have a harp?" "Yes I do! Can I show it to you?" "Definitely, after our duet we can go." "Lizzy, I have a secret for you. My brother plays a mean guitar, maybe we can convince him to play with us?" They both looked at Darcy. He held Lizzy's gaze until she blushed and turned back to Georgianna. "He does? Hmm... Excellent idea! I have a brilliant suggestion to put him to work!" After making their plan, they set up to play their duet. The first song was 'Chopsticks' by Euphemia Allen, they knew it very well and even had fun improvising. It was incredible to watch the pair, who'd never known each other before that day, playing with such familiarity and harmony, as if they had been doing it together for years! They next played 'Heart and Soul' by Carmichael and Loesser. Both performances elicited effusive applauses from everyone. When they were done, they moved from the instrument. Georgiana told the group, "We'll be right back, I'm going to show Lizzy my harp." "Oh Eliza, have you never seen a harp?" Lizzy regaled Caroline with her sweetest smile. "Yes I have, Carola! Although that won't stop me from wanting to see another one. My good friend, Georgia, has been so enthusiastic about showing me her special harp that I feel I can't disappoint her!" "You better not, Elizabetha! You will love my remarkable harp! Time's a wasting, let's go!" With arms linked together and giggling like two mischievous little girls, they left for Georgiana's room. Caroline was red faced, she felt humiliated by her rival and snubbed by her coveted sister-in-law. Mrs. Darcy managed to school her features to avoid the smile that was threatening to show in her lips. She was delighted with the sudden improvement in her daughter's disposition from just a short acquaintance with this exceptional girl. Darcy was jealous at the instant bond they seemed to have created. 'Maybe one day, if she ever forgives me...' Fifteen minutes later the new best friends returned with a Spanish classical guitar, a stand, and two tablets. Georgiana interrupted all the conversations. "Excuse me, we want to perform Christmas songs and we want everyone here to participate. Since we need a guitar player, I volunteer the best in the world! You cannot deny us the pleasure brother, this is Christmas after all!" Darcy was dumbfounded! Who was that assertive, playful young woman and where was his shy little sister? When he detected Lizzy's eager expression, he promptly acquiesced without a single complaint. He took the guitar and moved to the side of the piano while Georgiana sat on the bench with one of the tablets. Lizzy stood next to Darcy and said, "I will begin by singing a Christmas carol from Puerto Rico. This song relates the tale of a country boy from a coffee farming town in the mountains of my island, who went to visit the new born Jesus on the stable in Bethlehem. Juan wants to kiss the baby, he praises him, offers him a tiny rooster, two bags of coffee, and some local food he brought from his humble cabin. He wanted to give baby Jesus a special gift, but since he felt he didn't own anything valuable, he offered him his heart. The name of this carol is 'Villancico Yaucano', by Amaury Veray. Since I was a tiny little girl, my mommy and I always sang this together on our Christmas gatherings." She let a single tear escape. Before she was caught in more painful remembrances, she placed the tablet on the stand in front of Darcy and the two siblings proceeded to play the introduction. Quisiera niño besarte, y San José no me deja, dice que te haré llorar, ¿verdad que aun así me dejas?... (I would like to kiss you child, and Saint Joseph doesn't let me, he says I'll make you cry, truly, would you still let me?…) Lizzy captivated the audience with her beautiful interpretation of the charming Christmas carol. The last two verses allowed her to display her incredible vocal range. Even when most of them couldn't understand the words, they rejoiced in Lizzy's hypnotizing voice and enchanting expressions. Lizzy was very impressed with this new talent of Darcy. He was thankful for the great effort he had to make to play this exquisite song perfectly as she deserved, because if not, he would have been caught in her spell and wouldn't have been able to account for his actions. After the song was over, before Lizzy had the opportunity to invite the others to sing, a determined Caroline swiftly moved to the stage. She was elated to be next to her Will. She insisted in singing two songs, to which nobody complained. She may also have leaned a little too close to the guitarist, but no one noticed. Charlotte, proclaiming that she had the most awful singing voice in the world, recited a Christmas poem, 'Mistletoe', by Walter de la Mare. Sitting under the mistletoe (Pale-green, fairy mistletoe), One last candle burning low, All the sleepy dancers gone, Just one candle burning on, Shadows lurking everywhere: Some one came, and kissed me there. Tired I was; my head would go Nodding under the mistletoe (Pale-green, fairy mistletoe), No footsteps came, no voice, but only, Just as I sat there, sleepy, lonely, Stooped in the still and shadowy air Lips unseen—and kissed me there. Richard stunned everyone when he sneaked behind Charlotte holding a mistletoe over her head. He twisted her around giving her a big, full kiss on the lips. Charlotte initially turned red, but then she smiled at Richard with a naughty wink. As if they had planned it, they both bowed when everyone applauded. The most interesting routine of the night was Charles' and Jane's version of 'Baby, It's Cold Outside' by Frank Loesser. Charles' excellent musical talent and playfulness were already well-known, but Jane delighted everyone with her sweet voice and her liveliness. After a while, Darcy was showing signs of fatigue. Lizzy decided to give him a small break. She was no expert but had adequate skills with the basic chords. She took over the guitar while Mrs. Darcy took over the piano. To Lizzy's shock, the next performer was Darcy. While interpreting 'The Christmas Song' by Bob Wells and Mel Tormé, he gave the ladies goosebumps with his deep, fluid, baritone voice, his poise, his charm, and his very handsome persona. Chestnuts roasting on an open fire Jack Frost nipping at your nose Yuletide carols being sung by a choir And folks dressed up like Eskimos... With each verse, all the ladies in the room seemed to be melting further and further into their chairs. Charles gave Jane a kiss to remind her that he was there. Lizzy had to lean back on the piano to keep her balance and only by concentrating hard on her playing she was able to carry on the guitar accompaniment. Only Georgiana was insensible to her brother's charming voice. At the end of the night, Mrs. Darcy asked everyone to sing 'Silent Night'. With lights turned off, the cellphones provided illumination while they sang; having such an uplifting experience that no one wanted for it to end. Darcy was on the guitar and Lizzy on the piano. He was enchanted watching Lizzy; she would concentrate on the keys and from time to time would look at him and smile. The visitors left shortly after that. After a funny banter about Richard's new bold conquest, using the famous mistletoe he would always carry on his pocket on Christmas parties for any 'contingencies', the subject everyone had on their minds began to be discussed. "Cousin, you cannot let this girl slip through your fingers or I promise you I'll go after her myself! She's gorgeous, intelligent, talented, well-spoken, and has a delightful personality, just ask our own 'Georgia'. And to top it all off, she seems to like you very much, you lucky dog!" Darcy felt embarrassed. He proceeded to tell them the whole story of their interactions, except for two details; their passionate kiss was too personal, whereas his cruel accusation shamed him too much to even mention it. When he finished his narration, Georgiana was outraged. She felt the need to defend her new best friend. "I can't believe you would think she's inferior or unsuitable only because of her background. As far as I'm concerned, Lizzy's more worthy than most women, especially Caroline! I like her very much and I don't care where she's from!" Mrs. Darcy responded. "Elitism is a common practice in our circles. It cannot be discounted altogether. I don't want to argue the point. I just hope that when someone of value comes along, that we should be able to recognize them and give them their fair dues. Elizabeth seems to be a very deserving young woman. I noticed during dinner how she quietly and successfully guided her two friends on all the required rules of etiquette. I was refreshed to observe the way she comported herself throughout the night, especially how she appropriately handled Caroline, finally censuring her in such a sweet, innocent fashion, with the assistance of her new, clever, best friend! I was astonished and overjoyed by the quick way she bonded with my baby! I think Elizabeth may have some more surprises for us yet!" Darcy was at a loss. "Do you remember what happened to Uncle Joe when he married Aunt Aurora? He was ostracized, he returned to the Philippines and to this day we barely hear from him. I love Elizabeth very much, I would be willing to brave anything and stand against anyone if she would accept me. However, it would pain me to expose her to the derision of our friends and family." Richard laughed hard confusing the other three. "Ah, there's something you don't know and sadly my dear aunt doesn't remember. There was only one family member who was opposed to their union; you know who I'm talking about. Unfortunately, she's the most vocal of all and the most authoritative! Everyone else, even our grandfather, expressed to Uncle Joe and to Aunt Aurora our happiness with their marriage. We even had a reunion of all our family to celebrate their wedding. That ended in disaster with a shouting match between Uncle Joe and Aunt Catherine. He was so insulted with the harsh words our aunt uttered against his wife that he would hear no reason; he took her away, cutting ties with the rest of the family. It was a very sad affair. Everyone tried to reason with Aunt Catherine, but you know how she is. To this day Joe's name cannot be mentioned in her presence before she begins again to spout all kinds of insults against both of them. She talks incessantly about familial obligations, duty, status, honor, and connections." Georgiana giggled after hearing the last sentence. "That sounds like another Catherine from a book I read recently at school! But the events of the book occurred two centuries ago! It seems, in our time, we still have the same status quo." Mrs. Darcy responded, "Sadly, there are still people in this world who still hold those same beliefs, it's human nature. Although, we know what happened in that story. The rich gentleman frustrated his aunt's machinations by marrying the woman he loved, a supposedly inferior girl!" Instead of feeling encouraged by his family, Darcy was more dejected. "All this is pointless, there is another issue I haven't mentioned which I'll not be persuaded to reveal because it's too painful for me to remember. Suffice to say that my insult to Elizabeth was so abominably that I don't know if she'll ever forgive me." "My dear son, irrespective of anything you may have said, no matter how dreadful it was, it can't be that very detrimental to your cause. I agree with your cousin, those looks Elizabeth was giving you tonight spoke of more than simple friendliness. I'm sure she valued your humble apology during your car trip. I certainly would have! I hope you two can resolve your differences before they become a serious impediment to your future happiness and possibly her own too." "So you approve of her?" "Based on what I've seen tonight, I do most heartedly. If she's the fortunate lady who holds the key to your heart, far be it from me to oppose you. I have no other consideration whatsoever because I'm confident you have already ascertained her value." "Forgive me cousin, for acting as the devil's advocate, what do you know of her relations? She seems to be more than she appears to be. Does she come from a respectable family? Not that it matters too much but just to be safe." "I met her brother. I believe he's an investment banker in Wall Street. Based on what she said tonight, her father apparently is in a law firm back home. My first impression of her was that she was an airhead. Each time I learn something new about Elizabeth though, I find myself more amazed!" Richard thought. 'I need to conduct a background check on her ASAP! Benes… I believe I've heard that last name before, but I can't remember where…'
A/N - Happy New Year. I wanted to finish Chapters 13 and 14 before the end of the year, but it's impossible for a part-time aspiring writer like me. I'm doing the best I can. My baby is back in college so this time is just me. Thank you so much for your comments. Sorry for any errors. Hope you enjoy. Here it goes. FYI: Thomas Bennet was perhaps a great-great-uncle to you know who. Chapter 13 - Home for the Holidays - Part 1 - Isla Golondrinas "It is a gorgeous night for college basketball in our nation's capital, and we are primed for one of the biggest rivalries in all of sports! For decades, we have witnessed many interesting matches against the hated Syracuse Orange. Those of you who thought Syracuse's defection from our Big East Conference meant they retreated and surrendered because they dared not face us anymore, are in for a rude awakening! Don't despair my Hoya friends, we are ready for them! Tonight I predict a decisive victory for our proud team! Let's hear the crowd… Hoya Saxa! Hoya Saxa! Hoya Saxa!" Darcy returned home late that night. Georgiana was still awake patiently waiting for her brother. "Will, why didn't you come home earlier? I had a special surprise for you but you never showed up!" "Are you insane Gee? No surprise was going to keep me from watching that electrifying game against those stinking Orange! You should know that by now. I was with Charles and Richard. After our victory we went to eat at..." Georgiana interrupted him. "Yes, I figured that's where you were, watching your silly little game. Wait until you hear about my surprise!" "Sorry to spoil it Gee! What was it? Wait, don't tell me, let me guess. You bought a new video game! A new doll? No, I know, you finally got a pony! That was it!" "Ha. Ha. Ha. No, it's way better than that. You better sit down, Methuselah; 'cause this is gonna rock your world, I'm afraid your ancient heart may seize!" She offered him a chair, he was about to sit but decided to end his sister's little game. "Stop beating around the bush, I'm tired, I'm going to bed. Good night Gee." She waited for him to climb the stairs, just as he was about to disappear, she cried out, "Lizzy was here today! She came after lunch and we spent the whole afternoon together; she even stayed after dinner. I believe she was hoping..." "Whaaat?" He shouted frantically running down the stairs, plopping in the chair deflated. "Georgiana Darcy! Why didn't you call me? Had I known she was here I would have come home way earlier! That blasted game now seems so trivial in comparison! To think that I could have been here with her... I feel as if I wasted my day. You let me down Georgiana. Why?" "I'm so sorry Will. I was a little selfish, I wanted Lizzy all for myself. But then I wanted to surprise you! I totally forgot about tonight's game until Lizzy reminded me when it was too late. I tried to call you but I couldn't reach you. Didn't you read my texts?" He quickly checked his smartphone. "Oh no! You really tried! I was so busy in meetings all day and we went straight to the arena. The game was so exciting, then we won and kept celebrating... I can't believe she was here all that time!" "Well brother, I give you my most sincere apology for my bad timing. It was a spur of the moment decision. However, there are some interesting details about our day that I can share with you." "Hurry up and tell me then!" Lizzy had been surprised that morning when she heard from her new friend so soon. Seeing as she was going home for the holiday break the next day, she accepted the invitation. The main enticement had been Georgiana's promise of a game or two of racquetball in their indoor court. If Lizzy had an ulterior motive for accepting, perhaps to see a certain someone before her vacation, she wouldn't admit it, not to herself nor to anyone else! Her spirits still fluttered at the thought of that confusing man. Every now and then she fantasied about their passionate first kiss, the warm feelings he inspired with his intense gazes, his poignant apology, and his beguiling singing voice. On those times she felt like walking on clouds. No sooner had she allowed her fancy to take over, when raw images of his overbearing pride, his cold disdain, and to a greater degree, his unrestrained cruelty, would crush all the romantic castles she had so foolishly built. As was her wont, she stuffed all those conflicting thoughts in one of the little boxes inside her mind, closed the lid and stored it in a little corner. 'Que será, será. Lo que será, será. El futuro no es nuestro, para ver. Que será, será.' (What will be, will be. Whatever will be, will be. The future's not ours, to see. What will be, will be.) Lizzy and Georgiana spent the day playing racquetball, playing music, but mostly getting to know each other better. After dinner, Lizzy was preparing to leave, when Georgiana took her to her room for a friendly chat. The chat turned out to be a heart opening session led solely by Georgiana. From the very beginning of their acquaintance, Lizzy had sensed that her younger friend seemed reticent about certain topics. Each time she would mention things like partying, friends, guys, or tease her about boyfriends, Georgiana would either change the subject immediately or appeared visibly affected. As soon as Lizzy recognized Georgiana's uneasiness, she stopped teasing her. Georgiana needed a friend really bad. Before she turned sixteen, she was like any other normal adolescent. Well, not exactly. She was a pampered, rich teenager with all the advantages afforded that position. In a way, her life hadn't been much different from Lizzy and even that of many other girls like her. She had many friends, sleepovers, parties, music, sports, many diverse extracurricular activities, and lots of school work. In short, she had experienced a normal happy, active life. Until George Wickham's sudden appearance. One day she encountered George, -by chance, or so she thought at the time- an old friend of the family who had been estranged from them for some reason that Georgiana wasn't aware of. They immediately renewed their friendship; he doted on her when she was a little girl and she remembered him with fondness. After a few hush-hush encounters, their friendship blossomed into romance. All their interactions were kept, at his request, a secret. She was naïve; it felt liberating to have this man, twelve years her senior, who she had idolized from the time she was a little girl, be her sweetheart. She stopped seeing her friends, all her other pursuits suffered due to her obsession to spend as much time as she could with him. For the first time in her life she found herself lying to her friends and to her family. Eventually, she thought she had fallen hopelessly in love with him. He read her very easily. Professing his everlasting devotion, he asked her to run away with him and get married. She was hesitant until he convinced her that once they were married, her family would accept him and they would live happily ever after. Georgiana enthusiastically agreed, she was euphoric. Two days before they were set to elope, feeling guilty for the deception she was about to inflict on her family, she revealed the whole scheme to her brother, whom she loved and respected almost as a father. Darcy nearly went off his rocker. Providentially, realizing the significance of his cherished sister's confession, instead, he settled down. He led Georgianna to the library where he spent two full hours disclosing 'her lover's' true character. He particularly detailed the way Wickham had betrayed their father's trust by wasting all the money he had been bequeathed, while never following thru with any of the promises he had made to his godfather and afterwards to Darcy himself. He then took her to visit a friend of the family whose young daughter had been lied to and abused by the scoundrel. Darcy had provided assistance to them after Wickham had abandoned the wretched girl. The mother had been very grateful to Darcy; she willingly shared her daughter's story with Georgiana. She was devastated. Darcy felt terrible for exposing his baby sister to so much wickedness, but it was for her own good. She wanted to be an adult, so she had to face reality and hopefully learn an important lesson at the same time. She was immediately sent to stay at her uncle's home in Boston, remaining there the rest of the semester. The day of the planned elopement, a smug Wickham went to the agreed location at the prearranged time when, instead of finding his prey, he came across Darcy along with Colonel Fitzwilliam. Wickham was taken to a new location where he was left with a broken jaw. It would have been worst for him had Richard not being there to keep a much stronger, violently angry Darcy, from pounding him to death. The two cousins had the foresight to go with Wickham to his apartment to retrieve all proof of Georgiana's connection to him. To pacify the miscreant, he also received an undisclosed amount of money with no opportunity for any future payoffs. All he had to do was to stay away from Georgiana. That night, Georgiana told the entire story to Lizzy. She bared her inner feelings, the pain, the humiliation, the frustration of not being able to do anything to remedy her situation. The shame and mortification she felt whenever an adult in her family would console with her. Lizzy listened in silence, with true compassion and understanding for her unfortunate, inexperienced friend. When the name of the rogue was finally uttered, she was dumfounded. Georgiana noticed her distress. "Lizzy, have you met George?" "Yes. I only knew him for one day. He told me an incredible tale of his misfortunes. I'm so ashamed of myself for believing him. Oh what a wicked man! I hope to never see him again! So you see, I'm 21 years old and I let that reprobate deceive me. You were only 16 and had every reason in the world to trust him. Therefore, you shouldn't blame yourself for your reaction to him. Your age excuses you, you can use that experience to your advantage. There are many vicious people like him in the world ready to take advantage of someone as trusting and innocent as you, so you have to be on guard. Not all is lost Georgiana, you demonstrated great maturity by confessing to your brother before you committed fully. I'm very proud and applaud you for your admirable circumspection! I need you do do something for me which I consider exceedingly important. Look at me Georgianna. From now on, you are not allowed to feel responsible or guilty for anything that you did with regards to that man. You have to promise me!" Georgiana had heard that same advice many times before, but only from adults. This was the first time she had told the whole story to anyone close to her age. Lizzy's words were a balm to her soul. At that moment she felt as if a heavy weight had been lifted from her chest. She felt liberated! Her elation was so big that she began to weep convulsively. Lizzy was alarmed; she feared she has said too much. Unsure of what to do next, she just hugged her, offering reassurance. They remained so until Georgiana calmed down. "Thank you Lizzy." "Oh my God, Georgiana! You scared me so much! For a moment I thought you were having an anxiety attack! Are you alright now?" "I'm fine thank you, just a bit overwhelmed. I'm experiencing a sense of relief as I haven't had for a long time. My tears are of happiness!" "In that case, cry away my friend!" Georgianna gave her a quick smile, turning serious again. "Lizzy, I have been so unlucky in my choice of friends. I never know if they're genuine or if they're with me for my money." "After our short acquaintance, I believe I can safely conclude that you are a very intelligent, compassionate, generous, interesting, and delightful person. Anyone crazy enough not to want to be your true friend is losing more than you'll ever do! All you have to do is be yourself; I promise you will have plenty of good friends. In time you'll know how to deal with those with bad intentions. For now you'll have to continue relying on the people who love you." "Thank you Lizzy, after everything I told you tonight, do you still want to be my friend?" "Hey! We've been best friends since we played our first duet and that's not gonna change! You won't scare me that easily, young woman, I dare you try! Please Georgiana, don't ever forget how truly blessed you are, you seem to have a very tight, loving family. You are also very lucky to have such a wonderful brother to protect you." Georgiana gave her a mischievous smile. "So you think my brother is wonderful? I believe he feels the same way about you." Lizzy blushed at Georgiana's remark. Smiling, she replied, "Georgiana, are you trying to set me up? And all this time I thought we were friends!" They both laughed out loud. Georgiana was going to tease her again but this time a severe look from Lizzy stopped her. Georgiana wisely changed the subject to a safer topic. "We continued chatting about random things for a little bit longer. I can't believe how much we have in common! She even mentioned her mother; she confessed to me how much she misses her. I was so happy that she allowed me to offer some comfort to her as well. Before she left, she asked me to wish you Merry Christmas. I asked her to put in on paper and she wrote you this note." Georgiana handed the note to her brother. It was a simple message scribbled on a piece of paper that read: 'To William. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. From Elizabeth.' On one corner she sketched a simple silhouette of the nativity scene. On the other corner she sketched a basketball falling through a hoop with a caption that read: 'Hoya Saxa!' Darcy stared at the paper with reverence, held it gently, brought it up to his face and inhaled, closing his eyes. Finally, moving in silence and in deep concentration, still gazing at the paper, he went to his room. Georgiana chuckled upon seeing her brother's teenage behavior. The following day was a Saturday. Darcy had accepted an invitation from Charles to visit the Longbourn ladies in the morning. He was hoping to see Lizzy before she left. When they arrived at the apartment, Jane was alone. Charles asked her about her roommates. "They were both supposed to leave later today but Robbie picked them up very early this morning. Today is the second anniversary of their mother's passing, so they booked an earlier flight to Puerto Rico to attend a church service in her honor and a gathering in their home. They invited Charlotte. Up to a few days ago, Lizzy had been reluctant to attend, she didn't go last year. It seems that after the events on the Christmas party at Will's house, she has been more open about her mother and changed her mind. They left just before dawn." Darcy experienced a mixture of pain and pleasure. He missed her, although in his heart he was glad to have provided, even if indirectly, a way to ease her pain. He detected a framed photograph on the wall and was immediately drawn to it. It was a picture of an attractive lady who seemed to be in her early fifties. She had light brown hair and deep brown expressive eyes, similar to Elizabeth's. She was smiling, obviously radiating extreme happiness. She looked oddly familiar to Darcy, he had the feeling he had seen her before, but he attributed this strange sensation to the indisputable likeness the lady had with her exceptional daughter. When Jane saw what Darcy was looking at, she pointed to the picture and told them, "This was Mrs. Benes. Lizzy took this picture in her first summer break from Georgetown, before I met her. It was stored in her closet all this time. Last night she came home in such good spirits, apparently your sister had something to do with it. The first thing she did was to hang this on the wall. She then proceeded to talk to us about her mom, beginning with the good time they had the day this picture was taken. She seemed so happy before she went to bed! Today though was a different story. The second Robbie showed up this morning, she broke down crying. Luckily we were able to calm her down enough to allow her to leave with them. She made me promise to keep her mom's picture here so she would watch over me." Jane had been feeling gloomy all morning. Dealing with Lizzy's sorrow had taken a toll on her. It was her turn now to be sad. Charles noticed and promptly gave her a tender hug. "You miss your friends already my love? Does that mean you'll be here alone all this time? Is there anything I can do to brighten your day?" She rested her head on his shoulder. Darcy quickly went to the door after taking another glance at the picture. They didn't notice when he made his quick escape. At that same exact moment, a Spectrum S-40 Freedom jet piloted by Robbie, with his two valuable passengers, was crossing the Bermuda-Miami boundary line, entering the dreaded Bermuda Triangle region. Two hours later, after receiving Visual Flight Rules clearance from the tower controller, Robbie expertly landed the plane on the Hotel Resort Atlántico Dorado's private air strip. He taxied the plane to the end of the airstrip, where a Land Rover was parked by, waiting for them. As soon as they stepped off the plane, the first thing they encountered was the inviting, sunny, eighty-five degree Caribbean winter. Charlotte removed her sweater exclaiming, "This is fantabulous!" The second was a smiling Mr. Benes standing on the taxiway. Lizzy immediately took off running throwing her arms around her father's neck. After loading their suitcases on the SUV, they began the short drive to 'Villa Benes'. 'Villa Benes' consisted of two upscale mansions located in a secluded area, surrounded by sumptuous green gardens and small footpaths amidst many lush Flamboyant, Guayacan, Royal Palm and other indigenous trees. The main building, La Casa Grande (The Big House), was a large vintage mansion architecturally designed in a Spanish Colonial style with textured adobe stucco walls, arch windows with stylish awnings and step out balconies on the top floors. It also featured stylish wooden doors and finely crafted zinc-metalized wrought iron works throughout. The extensive property included another slightly smaller house built in the same elegant style. Both mansions were aligned parallel to the nearby coastline. They were raised over the surrounding landscape providing an amazing prospect of the Atlantic Ocean from the top-floor balconies, especially from the large roof terraces with tall, motorized, retractable pergola systems. In addition to a big swimming pool with diving board and a pool house, the spacious fenced-in ten acre property contained basketball, tennis, racquetball and handball courts. Those facilities were now used mainly by the staff and their families, since Robbie and Lizzy no longer lived there full time. Behind the enclosed manicured lawns, long natural trails crisscrossed another hundred acres of rough and uneven woods. Even if the Benes siblings preferred the scenic beach for their daily jogging, on every trip they always enjoyed a trek or a hike through their cherished wooded Puerto Rican forests. The view of the vast expanse of sky, land and sea, was interrupted only by a small island located five nautical miles from shore. Isla Golondrinas (Swallow Island) had been owned for more than two centuries by the Benes family. Thomas Bennet, the first Benes forefather, was an adventurous sailor who arrived in Puerto Rico in the mid eighteen century in a Spanish galleon. Being the youngest, neglected son of an English landed gentleman, he wasn't particularly attached or overly proud of his heritage. As soon as he boarded the ship at Seville, he changed his name to Tomas Benes to blend in with his fellow Spanish seamen. Capitalizing on the increase in slavery and a surge in the sugarcane commerce on the region, the ambitious young entrepreneur changed his allegiance to Spain, married one of the daughters of the Governor and Capitán General of Puerto Rico, and bought a small plantation in the north side of the island, west of the Capitol of San Juan. By the third generation of Beneses, they owned thousands of acress of cane fields with many slaves, making them the richest plantation in the area which later became known as the town of Dorado. At one time the family was instrumental in repelling the last British invasion of Puerto Rico under General Abercromby. They enjoyed great prosperity for more than a hundred years. After the invasion of Puerto Rico by the Americans in 1898, the Benes' influence diminished greatly, they ended up selling all their cane fields to large American corporations. They retained their ancestral properly and some of the adjacent non-arable lands, including Isla Golondrinas. The square mile oval shaped island was kept in a pristine natural state to preserve the local flora and fauna. There were various species of sea birds, small nonvenomous snakes, lizards and many endemic insects on the heavy forested island. Swallow Island was inaccessible by sea, it didn't have a beach. There was a natural barrier around the perimeter which made it impossible to penetrate. Surrounded by high vertical cliffs, thick mangroves, and caves where thousands of swallows made their nests and slept at night, the island had withstood by millennia the constant beating of the wild rolling Atlantic Ocean waves. When he was younger, a daring, adventurous Robbie had found a hidden entrance to the island through one of the caves. After he found another cave in the interior of the small island, Lizzy joined him to explore the cave. Together they made a fascinating but extremely dangerous discovery. They couldn't share it because their parents had previously strictly forbidden them from attempting to access the island. Robbie had extracted a promise from Lizzy that she wouldn't visit the island without him, at the risk of injury or something worse, a pledge that she kept. Mostly. She went to the island alone one time when Robbie was out of the country. When she confessed to Robbie, he went berserk. He was so scared and furious at the same time, that he immediately returned to the island and painstakingly closed the cave entrance with big rocks that he found on the beach. He ignored her for months. Finally, after much pleading and groveling from her, they talked. He stressed to her the fact that she had broken a promise, the most sacred agreement a person could enter into, which absolutely never, should have been broken. More than any other consideration, she recklessly exposed herself to unknown perils. Had something harmful happened to her while alone in that isolated island, not only her life, but also his life would have been doomed. He couldn't have coped with the idea of losing his baby sister! She understood her dear brother very well. Under no circumstances would she ever again break a promise. After much crying and comforting, they entered into a blood pact to never go back to the island until their parents would allow them or until they were on their own. Their secret would die with them if necessary. She promised, but this time she was feeling so overjoyed to be in her brother's good graces once again, that her witty, playful personality came forward, and she made a new request. "I insist that we issue a peremptory edict that we be allowed to share our secret with one more person each, my future handsome husband and your future ugly wife." "Oh, Sissy Lizzy, you crack me up! Only you can come up with such an extravagant request! My thirteen year old baby lawyer! Ha-ha! Ok, I agree with your fancy edict, but, since I'm a businessman first, or I will soon be, I set the condition that divorce will not be a justification for breaking our pact, so be sure to pick your handsome husband very carefully!" "I agree, but I propose that if one of our spouses dies, we can share the secret with our new spouse!" "I concur again, but I offer a clause banning murder of one spouse in order to share the secret with another spouse. By the way, my wife will be much finer looking than your husband!" "I second your motion! Now, let's debate which one of your clumsy children and of my talented ones will be allowed in our secret!" "Sissy Lizzy! Come here you scalawag!" That was the nature of the relations between the playful siblings, always trying to outwit and outdo the other. They sealed the pact with blood from a tiny prickle in their fingers. Many years later they amended the pact. Lizzy hadn't returned to Isla Golondrinas. Robbie had.
A/N: This is my once-a-month chapter. See you next month. Hope you enjoy. Chapter 14 - Home for the Holidays - Part 2 - Mr. Collins The San Antonio de Padua Parish, a tiny, nineteen-century Spanish colonial-style Catholic Church, was built in 1848. In 1916 an earthquake damaged the structure, but it was restored to its original state a few years later. The facade of the building was simple, a single floor with a tower, a steeple with three old cast-iron bells, and above it, a cross. The modest church, enclosed by an ornate concrete fence and guarded zealously by various palm and oak trees, was situated right in the heart of town. It faced the public plaza directly across from City Hall, adding a charming touch of antiquity to its surrounding landscape. It wasn't much, but to the inhabitants of the town of Dorado, particularly to the Benes family, it had an important historical significance. The San Antonio de Padua Parish had been their main place of worship since its foundation. This is where the Benes offspring had been baptized, confirmed, married, and where the funeral and memorial masses had been held in their honor. Twenty eight years ago, the former Miss Sylvia Grafals married Mr. Roberto Tomas Benes in this same church. That Saturday afternoon they were celebrating a special mass commemorating the second anniversary of her death. At one point during the mass, Lizzy sang a song dedicated to her mother, with Alice Gardiner accompanying her on the piano. '…Añoro tu ternura, el calor de tu abrazo, tu dulce voz ausente y tus bellos ojos que no veré jamás...' (…I long for your tenderness, the warmth of your embrace, your sweet absent voice and your beautiful eyes that I will never see…) At the end of that deeply emotional song, there wasn't a dry eye in the church. Robbie and his father had to retrieve Lizzy to bring her back to their pew. After mass, the closest members of the family went to the Benes' private cemetery in the outskirts of town to bring fresh flowers to Mrs. Benes' gravesite. Afterwards, an open reception was held in La Casa Grande for friends and relatives. Lizzy's fashion designer Amelia Hart and the whole Gardiner clan were present to pay their respects to their dear friends. Despite all cheer up efforts from everyone, all day long Lizzy had been in a state of mourning. Each time she heard a new description of her 'dear' mother's kindness, liberality, wit, loveliness, and so on, Lizzy had to make an increasing effort to maintain a steady smile. It was now two years, but to her, the pain of losing her mother felt as strong as if it had happened yesterday. With each passing moment it was becoming harder and harder to conceal her pain. Until Aunt Fanny made her appearance to save the day! Lizzy's bereavement was instantly forgotten, quickly replaced with mortification. Fanny arrived fashionably late. However, no one who truly knew her had expected to see her at church. She was accompanied by her two daughters Kitty and Lydia. Fanny Goulding was a widow and thrice divorcee who was presently unmarried and looking for her fifth husband. Her first husband had been Alexander Grafals, Lizzy's uncle on her mother's side. A year after she gave birth to her first daughter Kitty, Fanny had an affair with a friend of the family which resulted in Lydia's conception. Nine months later, the same day the baby was born, Fanny was forced to acknowledge the truth of her betrayal, a truth that couldn't be concealed due to the dark coloring of Lydia's skin. A brokenhearted Alexander filed for divorce immediately. The poor wretched man didn't get the opportunity to recover from Fanny's perfidy. Two months after the divorce, he died in an unrelated automobile accident. Soon after, Fanny married Lydia's father, divorcing him two years later. She had two more failed marriages. According to her, all three were selfish men who had been unwilling to support the standard of living she and her daughters were accustomed to. She was of late living in Florida, still looking for that illusive rich husband who would solve all of her problems. Fanny wasn't liked nor respected by the people connected to Alexander Grafals. She knew it, but nothing fazed her. She would unabashedly use her daughter Kitty to compel them to accept her. She wasn't a horrible person either. Granted, she was self-centered, immature, emotional, small-minded, loud and shallow. But she was also harmless, almost like a living joke, a 5 year old in the body of a 45 year old. Her most redeeming quality you ask? Fanny was a great mother. She lived for her daughters and they in turn adored her. That was the only reason the others tolerated her. Out of respect for Kitty, they also refrained from laughing in her face. After her 'dear sister' Sylvia Benes died, Fanny had proclaimed herself as the de facto mother to Lizzy and Robbie. Her immediate mission was to assist Lizzy in finding her future husband, which she claimed her dear Sylvia had requested to her before dying. That was highly improbable, since Fanny and Sylvia had never been close, let alone confidants, although it would have been disrespectful to point this fact to Fanny. Her youngest daughter, Lydia Goulding, was a spoiled 16 year old high schooler whose main interests were taking selfies, wearing sexy clothes, flirting with older guys, gossiping, and partying endlessly. Her smooth caramel skin, long straight brown hair, very attractive face, seductive green eyes, and shapely figure, made her a favorite among the boys. The girls envied her awesome looks and sparkling personality. Lydia had the distinction of being the only freshman and sophomore ever in her school to get voted head cheerleader and prom queen each year. She was definitely a shoo-in for the next two! She was a smart girl, this alone kept her from failing in school. Being her mother's devoted and dutiful daughter, Lydia's goal in life was also to marry a rich guy. She never worked hard a minute of her life, always using her 'magnetic personal charm', as she called it, to get away with murder! Her sister Catherine Grafals, Kitty, two years older, was a senior in the same school. She looked a lot like Lizzy, although less attractive, and her green eyes didn't have that magical combination of Lizzy's parents. Although usually a follower to her sister, she had more sense, was more responsible and had been able to keep much better grades in school. She was very close to her cousins Lizzy and Robbie, although, when they weren't around, she tended to imitate her younger sister's constant pursuit of older boys and parties. Her secret intention to go to university was in strict opposition to her mother's master plan. Fanny wanted Kitty to go to a local community college, where she would remain close to her, until she could find her a husband of her choice. When the moment for the big confrontation would arrive, she was counting on the intervention of her uncle and cousins. Fanny's entrance was boisterous, her screeching voice was heard way before she made her appearance. She hugged Mr. Benes and Robbie, nodded to Charlotte and Mary Gardiner, and then lingered in her embrace of Lizzy. "My dear child, I'm so sorry I couldn't come earlier, we just arrived from the airport. We were in Louisiana visiting Lydia's father. That awful man didn't want to provide the extra funds I requested for my poor Lydia for next year. She needs a new wardrobe since she's growing so much! Besides, even though she's the most gorgeous and the most popular girl in her school, she has to keep up with the other rich girls. At least Kitty's family is more generous, though they don't give her as much as she deserves..." She winked at Mr. Benes, who was outraged at her lack of shame. 'The nerve of this avaricious woman! Aren't we doing more than we should already?' Fanny continued her self-centered monologue, disregarding the feelings of those present and the solemnity of the gathering. She mentioned her 'dear sister Sylvia' once or twice but no sooner after expressing her sympathy, she would return to her own sufferings. The Beneses should have been offended at the lack of consideration displayed by Fanny, but they were used to her ill manners. They felt sorry for Kitty though, who was squirming with shame. In the wave of general bafflement Fanny created in the wake of her flamboyant personality, everyone had failed to notice a man who was standing behind her. He was a gentleman of medium height and weight, not handsome but not repulsive either. He had a somber countenance which made him appear more as one of the grieving relatives than as an outsider. Capitalizing on a rare pause from her long speech, Mr. Benes was successful in interrupting her. "Fanny, are you going to introduce us to this gentleman who seems to be accompanying you? Is he perhaps your latest conquest?" "Thank you brother, for believing that at my age I still could catch such a handsome young man. No, he's not with me. He's single, unattached, and is looking for a suitable match!" She smiled mischievously at Lizzy, who cringed in surprise, while Robbie, Charlotte and Mr. Benes stifled a chuckle. Fanny introduced everyone, leaving the man for last. "This is Mr. Wilfred Collins, our neighbor from South Florida. He's a financial advisor for the very rich and has agreed to manage my money, even if I'm not rich, yet! When I told him about my dear sister's memorial he insisted in accompanying us. Isn't he gracious Lizzy? Eh?" She gave another one of those Fanny smiles to Lizzy, who cringed again. She recovered quickly telling him, "Thank you sir, we are much appreciative." "That's the least I can do, madam. The moment I heard the report of your venerable, cherished and most loving dear mother's passing anniversary, I decided that I needed to be here to offer my respects in person to you, my lady, and to your distinguished family members. Here I am at your service to perform any duties you may require. I am and forever will be your devoted servant; your wishes are my command." While articulating those sycophantic remarks, Mr. Collins kept bobbing his head while vowing at Lizzy. Had he not looked so comical, she would have been more affronted by his unwelcomed forwardness. Robbie was grinning from ear to ear. 'Fanny's matching up this ridiculous man with my sister. Oh, this is going to be a more enjoyable holiday than I had expected! Let me first save him from Lizzy's wrath or we won't have any fun!' "Mr. Collins, do you have family in Florida?" "Unfortunately, I was an only child; my parents have been deceased for a few years now. After they died I was lost for a while, but ever since I had the good fortune of making a connection with the venerated Mrs. Catherine de Bourgh, my life has been transformed; I have become a new man. I have been blessed to enjoy all the advantages of my long association with the most deserving and admired Lady Catherine, as she prefers to be addressed, owing to the tracing of her august lineage to a noble family from the United Kingdom. Her generosity has been extraordinary; she has allowed me to take refuge under her protective wings, providing me with the opportunity to complete an exhaustive associate degree in microeconomics from a local community college. In addition, with her immeasurable support, I passed the challenging Certificate in Financial Planning from the state of Florida. With her patronage, I have been providing my humble services to a number of wealthy families in the area where I am currently residing. Incidentally, my modest abode is inside Rosings Park, the vast and glorious real estate complex of the illustrious Lady Catherine..." He paused briefly, shifted his eyes to look intensely at Lizzy and with a flirtatious smile added, "...whom I hope one day soon to have the much anticipated privilege to introduce you in person when the favorable event that brings me here is consummated for my happiness and the pleasure of all the estimable personages assembled hither." Lizzy was shocked at his presumptuousness, the clown made a gesture to grab her hands but she was faster. She escaped quickly, moving to the other side of Charlotte, next to Mary. Mr. Benes and Robbie were almost dying inside while Lizzy was exasperated. 'Argh! I'm going to kill Fanny!' Fanny was proudly listening to her travel companion, encouraging him to continue with his long winded discourses. He went on talking about the great Lady Catherine, giving examples of her superiority, her affability towards her inferiors, the magnificence of Rosings Park, his own prospects, and all the felicity his future bride would be so lucky to experience. He kept his gaze fixed on Lizzy, whose evident discomfort seemed to him as proof of her modesty and charm. Lydia mercifully interrupted Mr. Collins by letting out a loud yawn exclaiming, "Jesus, I'm exhausted!" This prompted Fanny to act on behalf of her favorite daughter. "Oh! Mr. Collins! You are so kind. Eh, Lizzy? I'm also very tired from our early flight, my nerves are on edge, I need to go to my room. Brother, are we staying in La Casa Grande?" "My apologies Fanny, we have filled up all the rooms here, though I'm certain you'll love your customary accommodations at the guest house. We can also provide a room for Mr. Collins there as well. Please check with Carmen." Mrs. Carmen Hill, the Benes' Estate Manager, was always amazed at how each time Fanny came to visit, she had the audacity to suggest the possibility that she would be permitted to stay in La Casa Grande, despite the fact that she hadn't been for almost two decades, and never would. There was a reason for this; a full explanation would be beyond the scope of our present tale. Suffice to say that many years ago Fanny had committed a great indiscretion in this house to merit her permanent banishment. Only three people alive were aware of the circumstances, Fanny, Mr. Benes and Mrs. Hill. As soon as they left, Mr. Benes promptly excused himself from the room, summoning his children to his private library. The second the door closed, Robbie exploded laughing. His father wanted to do the same but was hesitant. He had perceived some distress in Lizzy's face, so instead he gave her a reassuring hug. But upon noticing her suppressed giggle, he couldn't resist the humor of the situation. "My baby, you must be delighted with Fanny. She just gave you the best gift ever! When you marry Mr. Collins, all your problems will be over. You won't have to study or work ever again! All you'll have to do is praise the glorious Lady Catherine often, while listening attentively to your better half's insightful observations. You'll be set for life!" This setup a round of laughs, this time all three joined together in merriment. Robbie finally recovered his wits enough to speak. "Lizzy, forgive me for laughing so much, but after watching that toadying man fawn all over you and then to see the look on your face when he practically declared his intentions openly assuming you would eagerly accept him, it was a priceless moment! '…for the pleasure of all the personages assembled hither', that was so funny! Who uses that old-world talk anymore? I don't know where Fanny finds these characters, but I think this one broke the mold. You're so lucky Lizzy! Dad, when are we going to celebrate the wedding for these two lovebirds?" Lizzy knew there was only one way to prevent her guys from persisting on making sport of her. She stopped laughing, shifting her features to an expression of sadness in her eyes. "You know, I'm fed up with my life. The more I see of the world, the less satisfied I am. Everything that has happened to me recently has confirmed my belief that all human beings are inconsistent. I cannot depend on anyone but myself. I need a change, I feel so lonely and depressed. I'm certain that this man has the potential to make me happy. At least he won't abandon me. If you approve dad, I want to marry as soon as possible. Let's do it!" That insincere attempt at humor from Lizzy, in addition to her downca1t expression, put an end to all the cheerfulness in the room. Lizzy seemed dejected. Suddenly she let out a loud guffaw, taking them by surprise. "Jajaja! Los engañé! No me pueden vencer en este juego! (Hahaha! I tricked you! You can't beat me at this game!)" Poor Lizzy couldn't fool them! They had detected an underlying 'cry for help' inside her words. Mr. Benes was holding back his tears while Robbie was trying hard to conceal his emotion. When she looked at their faces she ceased her laughter. "I'm sorry, I understand your feelings so well, I feel the same way myself. I miss my mommy so awfully much. I'd give anything in the world to have her here now, the four of us, like before, to hear her laughter, to touch her, to see her smile at me. Sometimes I think that she's around when I need her comfort, and then it hits me like I'm waking from this dream! I can't believe my mommy's gone, I'll never be able to talk to her, to tell her my secrets, to have her guidance when I need it most. I miss my mommy! Why did she have to die? It's not fair! Why did she abandon me?" She couldn't talk anymore because she was now crying hard. Lizzy needed this so bad. In the two years since her mother's passing, she had been reluctant to even mention her name to her father and her brother. But now she had finally opened the floodgates of her broken heart. The three of them embraced, letting all their emotions out, crying for a long time. If Robbie had thought that he didn't have any tears left for his mother, he was sadly mistaken! From the outside looking in, it would appear as if Sylvia Benes had just died. They remained in that emotional purge for a long time. When they finally settled down, all of them felt as if a very heavy weight had been lifted from their chests. "My precious baby, you don't have any idea how much I needed this. I have been mourning for your dearest mother for so long, but I couldn't do it with all my heart until I was certain that you were going to be grieving with me, with both of us. At long last you have given me the opportunity to say goodbye to the love of my life. I don't know what you experienced recently; why you decided to open up, but even if my heart aches, I'm satisfied that now we're together with one heart, we can finally be on our road to acceptance, to embrace the memory of my darling Sylvia. These past two years have been excruciating, that wasn't what your mother would have wished. She was so full of life and love and laughter. From now on we're going to honor her they way she deserves!" After this exchange, and a long embrace between the trio, they returned to the gathering. All their tension was gone. For the first time in two years, the Benes mansion was again filled with laughter. The grand concert piano was opened; Lizzy's inspiring music and exceptional voice filled the hearts of everyone. The Beneses were well-known for having the best Christmas Eve party in town, where the entire Dorado population, from the rich families to the poorest, the old, the young, friends and foes, all came together to celebrate. They ate and drank to their hearts content the plentiful traditional Puerto Rican gastronomy, sang folk songs, danced, talked, teased, and played games. Out in the terrace, two wood burning fire pits had been set up, each containing a large and succulent pig, impaled in a rod, roasting slowly. Three gentlemen were taking turns manually turning the rod and tending the fire. The men were generously nurtured with endless supplies of beer and local hors d'oeuvres. Both Mr. Benes and Robbie kept Mr. Collins as far away as possible from Lizzy. When they were unsuccessful, Charlotte would step up to keep him entertained. Lizzy had a wonderful time with all her friends and relatives. Robbie danced until his legs were shaking and then he joined a group of oldies at one of the domino tables on the terrace, conveniently close to the beer and the roasted pigs. The party was a success, lasting until dawn, for those who still had the energy to remain awake. On Christmas day, after opening their gifts, Lizzy and Robbie accompanied Charlotte to the airport for her travel home. Conveniently, after a plentiful Christmas bounty, Fanny and her whole entourage left that very same day as well. That night the three Beneses had dinner at the Resort Atlántico Dorado restaurant. They sat down at their table, greeting the staff and ordering their usual favorites. Once they were settled, Mr. Benes began the conversation. "What I'm going to tell you now is strictly confidential, so please keep it to yourselves. Lizzy, today I have received an extraordinary communication from one of my advisers. Monica's father, Captain Joseph Carter, has been found alive and well and living in an isolated compound in Afghanistan." "That is wonderful news dad! What a Christmas gift this is going to be for Monica! Have his family been notified?" "A U.S. Army representative visited his family this morning to impart the news, but they asked them to keep this to themselves as we're in a critical state of affairs. After Captain Carter obtained a medical clearance, he was taken directly to Guantanamo base for questioning where he'll remain indefinitely." "But, I thought he was a hero, and now he's a POW! Shouldn't they welcome him with open arms?" "It's not that simple Robbie; it seems that the soldier who claimed Captain Carter ran like a coward was right. He'll probably be court-martialed. Our people are still looking for more information both in Iraq and Afghanistan, it'll be months or maybe years before this is resolved." "But, at least they'll allow Monica and her family to see him, won't they dad?" "So far they haven't been allowed to contact Captain Carter. They showed them a video greeting from him. We're trying to arrange for a reunion. That's all I know. I can't tell you anything else. This hasn't been released to the media yet, therefore your discretion is vital." They remained silent for a while, each deep in their own thoughts. Robbie began to look at the picture wall, when he spotted three new pictures. "Dad, please don't tell me that you took those photos, and if you did, that was monumental! Why didn't you tell us about it?" His father hesitated for a few seconds, he realized his mistake in bringing them there, he had to tread carefully. 'I forgot about these, if she really knew!' "No Robbie, I wished it would have been me! These photos were a gift from a good friend who, in his first trip to El Yunque, the lucky fellow came across that parrot. Can you believe his luck? He took these pictures using his cell phone. Before he left, he gave me his consent to display these on our wall." Robbie instantly remembered the identity of the photographer. He winked at his father, suppressing a laugh. Lizzy was fascinated with the pictures. Ever since she was a little girl until she went to college, she had gone on a yearly photo hunting expedition to the rainforest with her father. The majority of the photographs on the wall, a variety of birds, small reptiles, snakes, exotic plants, and colorful flowers, came from Lizzy's camera. The Holy Grail for all of them had been the elusive Puerto Rican Parrot, so it was a great surprise to finally see this bird shown here. "Dad, I'm so jealous of your friend, not only he was able to do what we never could in all those years, but you also posted his pictures on our wall. Who is he to have had that privilege? Do I know him?" 'Sorry my baby, I hate to lie to you but this time I'll have to stretch the truth a little.' "I don't think so; he's a businessman from the U.S. who stayed here a few weeks ago... I just wanted to show them as an incentive for you, since we haven't been there in a while… I have a great idea! Let's go to El Yunque, the three of us tomorrow, maybe we can spot that same parrot, I have the feeling this is our time!" The next day they woke up very early for their adventure. After spending many hours searching for their target, they gave up. Although they were unsuccessful in their original objective, they enjoyed a beautiful day hiking and exploring. Not all was lost though; Robbie spotted a San Pedrito, or Puerto Rican Tody, a very hard to find, 4-inch tiny bird with a bright green plumage, white-yellowish belly, red throat and long beak. This bird was on Lizzy's bucket list, she took many pictures, some of which were eventually displayed next to Darcy's pictures on the wall. Around noon, they arrived at the top of El Yunque mountain. The visibility from Mount Britton's lookout tower was ideal. Robbie loved the crisp smell of the rainforest air, the feeling of being near the clouds, the perfect view of the greenery, the peaks and valleys of his treasured island, and the distant ocean, it was paradise! The rest of Christmas vacation Lizzy rejoiced in the time she spent with her friends and family, hiking, riding horses, surfing, snorkeling, playing tennis, playing music, or just having many conversations with her loved ones. By the end of vacation, Lizzy and Robbie resembled a couple of sunburned lobsters. If you asked them they would respond that it was worth it. The last day on the island their father took them to the hotel airfield for their flight back. "This has been one of the happiest times of my life which I hope to repeat again and again. Come here you both! Give your father a giant hug. Robbie, I'm entrusting you with the lives of my two most precious treasures, yours and your sister's! Take good care my son." Lizzy and Robbie departed for D.C. in Robbie's private plane. While enjoying the view from the copilot seat, Lizzy decided to play matchmaking with her two favorite people; there was something that had been bothering her for a while; she had an idea that she was going to try. "Robbie, how would you feel if I tell you that for the first time since I've known her, Charlotte seems to be paying special attention to one gentleman to the exclusion of others?" Robbie understood his sister's intention. She was such a stubborn girl! How many times Charlotte and he had to tell her that they didn't have those kinds of feelings for each other, she was a sister to him! Resigned, he decided to play along, but he was going to have fun with her. "Dare I ask who the lucky man to capture Charlotte's imagination is? Don't tell me it's Mr. Collins, a few times I noticed they seemed pretty chummy. That is, when he wasn't wagging his tail at you." "Not my most devoted beau! He wouldn't dare to cheat on me! Ha, ha. Be serious Robbie! I can't betray her confidence, but I can safely tell you that it seems lately Charlotte is seriously thinking about this other gentleman a lot. For the first time she had been hinting to me about the possibility of a long term relationship. She returned to DC a few days ago and has already had a couple of dates with him." Robbie didn't say anything else. He knew if he looked pensive, Lizzy would think he was affected and would stop pestering him. He was happy for Charlotte if she found someone. 'I believe this is what'll take to finally convince my little sister of my brotherly intentions towards Charlotte. Maybe I should find me a new girlfriend.' Lizzy, believing she has caused pain to her brother, decided to put an end to her scheme. 'I did my part. The rest is up to him. If he's interested, he'll have to do something about it. Otherwise all is lost.'
A/N: Hello my friends, this is my monthly chapter. Lizzy's back in town. Unfortunately there are no interactions between our dear couple, but I promise they'll have plenty to share in the following chapters. Poor Jane has been neglected, it's time for her to become the loyal, affectionate, trustworthy sister we all love and cherish. I sincerely hope you take as much pleasure in reading, as I do in creating this new world for our favorite characters ever. Enjoy and please let me know how I'm doing. Chapter 15 – Dear Jane, You Are Truly an Angel She was impatiently searching for her treat, pacing back and forth, looking everywhere. Nothing! She was getting exasperated. 'Where is that blasted creature and where did she leave my food?' It had been many suns since the human creature had disappeared, compelling her to return to her old ways. Accustomed as she was now to the fancier cuisine, she executed a thorough search among the garbage bins for that tantalizing morsel she now craved, coming up empty each time. At least she got a fix of the tastiest scraps she could find. 'These fools think they can stop me with this plain bouncy rope. This is too easy!' She then turned to hunting the few grubs, bugs, and mice daring to venture out this time of year. At one point during her search, she encountered a handsome fellow who had been eyeing her for a while. He was eager and willing to have a good time, but she flatly rejected him, all her senses were fully engaged on the delicacy she coveted more than anything else. Even though his attempt at romance was unsuccessful, she left him in no doubt of her attraction. Before escaping from his grasp, she gave him flirty eyes, which nearly melt him on the spot. The freezing temperatures returned with vigor, covering the ground with a thick white blanket, constraining her to the hollow tree she was calling home these days. Her suitor fled the area in quest of temporary shelter. He would be back to claim his prize. She quickly resumed her winter rest, dreaming of her human creature and the tasty delicacy she would bring. A familiar scent woke her up several suns later. There it was, a big fat, greasy burger with lots of cheese dripping from the sides! The salty fries were an added bonus. Her human was back! A day after Lizzy returned to the apartment, she was feeling cheerful. "Charlotte, tomorrow's going to be a very important day for the three of us in this apartment. After a long discussion with my father and Robbie, we've decided that Jane has earned the privilege, if you can call it that, to be acquainted with everything about my life." "This is such great news, I feel so relieved and happy! She's so worthy! The three of us can finally share all of our secrets. Lizzy, don't you think she might be upset with you for keeping this from her for so long? Maybe I can take some of the blame. I feel somewhat responsible as I was the one who suggested the concealment from Jane the first time. Do you want me to be present when you tell her?" "No Charlotte, you're not responsible, I'll do this on my own, I owe it to her." The next day Charlotte went to mass at St. Peter's on Capitol Hill with her new boyfriend; things were moving pretty fast between them. Lizzy invited Jane to spend the day with her. They left early in the morning for church services at Holy Trinity. After mass, they went to Jane's new favorite place in the whole D.C. area, the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History. Jane had been actively involved in a software implementation for the Museum's renovation. She proudly showed Lizzy a new skylit atrium built on the courtyard. She had devoted many hours working on the computer simulation of the atrium's structural integrity before the actual implementation. Thanks to her team's outstanding work, the project was completed on time and with no major flaws. Then she was allowed to have some fun, Jane created 3D virtual tours of some of the new exhibits, which were added to the Museum's official website. As a result of her brilliant performance, she received a promotion in the New Year. After spending a delightful time at the Museum, they went to a quiet cafe in the area where, after a light snack, Lizzy began the conversation she had been both anticipating and dreading for the last few days. "Jane, how do you feel about my relationship with Charlotte as opposed to my own with you? Please be as frank as possible." "Ok, I'll try. Almost from the first moment I met the two of you, I've always felt like a third wheel. You both seem to have many confidences, especially as it relates to your own life. I wish I could join you, but I would never presume to intrude in your personal space. It makes me sad because I consider you both as my best friends." "I'm so sorry Jane, that was due in part because I couldn't share a part about my life with you. Additionally, ever since my mom died, I closed off my feelings in order not to deal with that reality, and Charlotte became my only solace, she came to be as a surrogate mother to me. I should have allowed you to get closer, it would've been to my advantage, but I had erected an emotional wall where she was the only person allowed to cross. I wasn't aware that by doing so, I was unwittingly alienating you. Now I feel so miserable!" "I'm so sorry Lizzy, please don't be sad, I don't want you to be unhappy on my account!" "You're right Jane, this is a great day because after today, you're going to be the same to me as Charlotte. Today you'll learn all about me. I hope that when I explain the reason why I kept this from you all these years, you'll understand and will forgive me for this long concealment." "Lizzy, if your secret is very confidential or sensitive, you don't have to share it with me, especially if it's important for you to keep it so. I understand." "No Jane, I should've told you a long time ago. Everything about my life you know now is true. You've met my brother Robbie and my father, I'm from Puerto Rico, and my mother died two years ago. At the beginning of our friendship, my family decided that my secret wasn't going to be safe if we shared it with you. Before you become enraged, please allow me to explain why we came to that conclusion. Do you remember the very same day we met, what was one of the first things you told us?" "It's been such a long time. I can't even remember what I told you last month!" "I'm sorry Jane, of course you don't. That was a silly question because sometimes I can't even remember the things I said after only one day! I'll remind you now. You made a very important declaration which has impacted our relationship until today. It was the day you came to our apartment to meet us in order for us to decide if we could accept you as a roommate. I was asking you questions from a survey I had found in a magazine: 'Questions to ask your future roommate'. We had so much fun with some of the questions! Charlotte declared that had I asked her those same questions the day we met, her answers would've terrified me so much I would have run away from her." They both laughed at this and Jane interjected, "Now I remember! The survey was very amusing. Some of the questions were so ridiculous! You ended up trashing it out before asking me when I wanted to move in!" "Yes! Before I trashed it, there was one question in particular, about your major weaknesses. Do you remember your answer?" "Sorry, I don't." "You identified in earnest your greatest flaw as being a tattletale, the more important the secret, the hardest would be for you not to share it with others. We had a good laugh since you appeared to be so sincere in disparaging yourself. Our initial impression of you was so contrary from what you said then, that we thought you were joking. But you didn't seem to be. We changed the subject proceeding to the next question. Do you remember now?" "I don't specifically remember telling you that, but it sounds like something I would've said at the time, though I'm certain I've matured since then. In all sincerity, you've known me for almost three years. I think I have proven my confidentiality to you in many occasions, haven't I?" "Yes Jane, you have. You don't know how many times I've had the desire to tell you everything, but my dad, who doesn't know you as well as I do, always cautioned me to hold back. That little speech of yours the first time we met, weighted heavily on his mind all these years. Especially after my mom passed away, he became unyielding to my entreaties in your behalf. During the holidays, I had a heart to heart with both my dad and Robbie, where I vehemently proclaimed your trustworthiness, our exponentially increasing friendship, and my complete faith in your discretion. They finally agreed to let me tell you my secret. All you have to do is keep my confidence. I have no doubt that you will." "You're frightening me Lizzy! I'm not sure about this now. I'm beginning to feel very uncomfortable. I don't think I want to know. What if a wicked person threatens to scalp me or burn my eyelashes, forcing me to reveal your secret? Will I risk your life? If something happens to you because of me I couldn't live with myself!" Lizzy laughed heartily, relieved when she heard her friend, giving her a reassuring hug. "I'm so sorry for alarming you. It's not a life or death situation. My secret is very simple. Drum rolls please... I'm an heir to a very rich and prosperous family from Puerto Rico... Ta-dah! There, I just told you, you're now in the inner circle! The reason my family wants to keep this private is twofold; first it allows me to lead a normal life, at least as normal as I can. Second, it satisfies my father's overly protective disposition; he says this keeps me from danger or risk; you can imagine what he means by it. I prefer not to think about the possibilities! This must remain a secret until I'm gone from this place; again, those are my father's instructions." Jane, who had been holding her breath, exhaled, releasing all her stress, then began to speak in burst, like a machine gun. "Lizzy, if this is what you've been hiding; it's no big surprise to me! I promise I won't say anything for as long as you want me to. I feel so relieved! I thought it was going to be something dreadful, like you're in the witness protection program, or you're the daughter of a highly secretive dignitary, or a wanted political refugee, or a classified CIA spy agent, or a genius scientist who invented a secret formula to produce electricity with sand and they're trying to eliminate your family, or..." Lizzy couldn't hold it anymore exploding in fits of laughter. "You make me laugh! I haven't had this much fun in such a long time! You have such a vivid imagination! No, all your conjectures are wrong. You said you're not surprised. Why?" "Well, I wasn't aware you were intrinsically rich, but it's clear you come from money. The candid princessy remarks you make now and then when making some purchases, like that day at the mall when we met Charles. I've never seen you concerned about the price of anything, never seen you balance your checkbook or check your account balance. The very few times when I had to give you my monthly check late and you didn't even realize I hadn't made the payment. The fancy presents you always give us. How can I put it? It's the general way you act with money, as if you never have a worry, unlike us mere mortals." "You're so funny Jane! I didn't know I was so spoiled, so clueless, so insensible!" "Stop it Lizzy, you know you're not. It's not like you splurge your money like a diva! Please allow me to continue. The way you cook, the way you clean, after all these years it's still highly amusing to watch you do something so alien to your own nature! The fancy galas and events you usually frequent with your brother in New York City, even here at the Meridian Ball when you had dinner at an embassy. The trendy outfits I've seen you wear for those events. Most importantly, your jewelry, your bling! Ha-ha! The wonder if that you're never ostentatious or boastful! Finally, let's not forget your extraordinary talents, you should be at Broadway or at Carnegie Hall singing and playing for the masses, but not you, you're special. You see, I suspected and was almost certain that you had to be very wealthy or at least a member of the high ranks of society. As you see, I've never shared this with anyone, not even with Charlotte or with Charles, and I try not to have any secrets with him!" "I'm so happy for you and Charles, you're both so well matched!" She then proceeded to tell Jane about her family's history, their hotel empire, their holding company, and the millions they were worth. Jane was actively listening, making an effort to hide her amazement. "…including the apartment complex where we live, Longbourn Apartment Villas. My father bought it for me after my freshman year." "Wow! I knew there was something peculiar when you had all those meetings with the building staff as well as the familiarity and respect with which everyone treats you. To be honest, I thought you worked there in some capacity, or Robbie, as an advisor or consultant of sorts. I know you have a delightful personality, plus you're so brilliant, so I attributed their regard to that. I never mentioned it because you never brought it up. Another instance of my discretion I suppose." "Thank you Jane, I hope your opinion of me won't suffer now that you know the truth. There's something else you should know. Please understand that you can't deny me the pleasure I'll receive when I tell you this. In order to keep up appearances, I had to charge you for your share of rent, utilities, repairs and maintenance for the apartment. From the very first check you gave me, Robbie has put all your money in a special account in his firm, in your name. He has invested it aggressively in the stock market. I'm happy to tell you that your funds have been growing at an average rate of 15 percent, which is outstanding! We were going to return it all when you left the apartment; by all indications it seems this is going to be sooner than I thought. Well, now is a good time for you to take control of your savings and make your own investment choices. You can decide to continue investing your monthly checks, stop investing, cash it all and use it for whatever you need or want, or invest it elsewhere. It's your money after all." Jane was stunned. "This is too much! I don't think I can take your money. It would feel strange, as if I've been living with you for free as a charity case, a freeloader!" Lizzy chuckled, "Haven't we heard that one before? No Jane, never think that, you've always been my good friend and now you're the same to me as Charlotte. You're my guest and as such, you've been invited to stay at my house for as long as you want. Your friendship and your companionship are worth more to me than anything in the world! You're my sister!" Jane was very reluctant to accept her friend's super generous offer, but when Lizzy told her that Charlotte had the same arrangement, she finally agreed, though she was very uncomfortable with the whole situation. She was about to argue against it one more time when Lizzy shifted the conversation to another topic. She proceeded to relate her entire history with Darcy. "I'm astonished Lizzy! I had suspected some partiality on his part towards you, but I attributed it to admiration, seeing as you're so beautiful and especially after the recent displays of your exceptional talents." Lizzy blushed and Jane continued. "I find it so hard to believe that he would propose to you after your very short acquaintance. He barely knew you! He must have felt so strongly about you! Notwithstanding his opinion of your ethnicity, your status and your morality being so decidedly beneath his own, he still wanted to marry you! What was he thinking? It's so confusing! And Robbie of all people! During the Meridian Ball, when you were dancing with Will, I told Charles and the Hurtses. They certainly told Will." Lizzy sneered, "They probably assumed Caroline did, since Charlotte told her as well during our dance. Instead Caroline intentionally kept this fact from William; she probably teased him about my supposed involvement with Robbie and that scoundrel Wickham. Who knows what she said about me!" "I can't believe she would be so spiteful," Jane protested, "There had to be a misunderstanding somewhere. She either didn't believe you were siblings or didn't understand Charlotte, perhaps the dance floor was too loud." "Dear Jane, you are truly an angel, only you can, in all honesty, take the good of everybody's character and say nothing of the bad. For my part I believe that Caroline Bingley, jealous of the attention her lover was paying me, deliberately attempted to destroy my reputation!" "Lizzy, you're mistaken. Will has never been Caroline's lover! For the last few months he has been very outspoken that he's never had, nor ever will have any romantic attachments or any intentions towards her. Now I understand why he was so adamant to clear this up! The other day Charles confided to me that Will seemed to have found the love of his life, as Charles put it, but he didn't have any idea who the lucky lady was, because Will has kept close-lipped about it. Let me tell you the story of how Charles found out. You will love it!" "Jane, please... No... Ok..." Let's go back a little after a fortnight. Darcy was in his office, standing, staring out the window, completely absorbed on an object in the far distance. On his state of complete concentration, he failed to perceive the sneaky visitor, an impertinent nag full of mischief. The visitor went behind him, focusing on Darcy's object of attention. A brunette was walking on the park while reading a book. "From this far, I dare say she's gorgeous." Darcy smiled, looking at the girl with a longing expression. "Yes she is, but she's nothing to my love… Huh? Charles! You rascal! What are you doing here? How did you get past Alexandra? Alexandra! She betrayed me! I'm going to fire that woman! Get out of my office!" That was too funny. Charles doubled over in laughter. "Ha-ha! This is hilarious! The great Darcy is swooning over a girl!" Charles turned serious, giving Darcy a searching look. "Who is that woman that has you daydreaming like a love sick puppy dog? Perhaps it's Caroline? Are we going to be brothers after all?" Let's return to our 'señoritas'. "No amount of prodding or begging from Charles was sufficient to get any information out of him. Will even recanted his statement denying every word he uttered when he was under that magic spell. I'm thrilled to have discovered the identity of the mystery woman that has captured his heart! My own heart is singing and dancing for joy to know that it's you! Wait till Charles hears about this!" Lizzy blushed profusely averting her eyes from her friend, who continued talking. "Now that I remember, during the Christmas party at Will's house, I distinctly recall how besotted he seemed to be with you. Please correct me if I'm wrong, based on the way you were making eyes at each other, it appeared as if you both had some kind of silent understanding, an unspoken agreement. Charles noticed it too, but we dismissed the thought back then as impossible. You were always at odds! Now it's so clear to me! What happened to make you change your opinion of him? Especially after your big argument and his insults! No, no, don't tell me, let me guess. It was that passionate kiss you both shared! Perhaps there were more kisses? You sly girl!" "No Jane, there hasn't been any more! I didn't know you were so naughty! Ha-ha! I'll explain why. There's something I haven't told anyone, not even Charlotte, thus, you'll have the honor of being my only confidante." She then related the events of her accident near Netherfield Park during Thanksgiving and about Darcy's assistance. "Lizzy, had something terrible happened to you I would've never forgiven myself; it was for me that you went to Netherfield that day!" "Thank God the only damage was to my car and to my nerves! William was so kind and chivalrous. His mere presence had a calming effect on me. That was when I began to warm up to him. When they were towing my car, he offered to take me to my aunt's home. After everything he had done, I couldn't refuse, even if I wanted to. He was my knight in shining armor." "That's not news to me," Jane said, "I've always known he's a good man and a perfect gentleman. I assume something else happened on that trip. Please continue." "The most unbelievable thing in the world happened next. It's been a while now, but I haven't yet processed the whole significance of the events on that short trip. William attempted to explain his contradictory behavior towards me from the beginning of our acquaintance. He compared me to one of the 'rising companies' he's contemplating to purchase. He considered it his duty to mold me to his specifications, to turn me into a ''star company'. Then he would be satisfied with his 'acquisition'. That was so conceited, so self-centered, but I was oddly gratified. Being a business major myself, I understood his meaning perfectly. To him I was a diamond on the rough. He also belittled himself for every offense he had caused me. Feeling unworthy to offer a formal apology, instead he just demeaned himself so cruelly that I almost took him to task! Obviously, I was tongue-tied feeling self-conscious. He seemed to notice, thankfully he didn't require me to say anything, he continued on the same vein until we arrived at my aunt's home. I was thrown into a flutter of spirits, my heart was pulsating, my mind was blank. Even today I'm still filled with bewilderment when I think about that day." "Oh Lizzy, I'm so sorry for having you relive those distressing events! We can find a more agreeable subject if you want. Let's talk about those Redskins. They made the playoffs, yeah!" "No Jane, you have no idea how much this has meant to me! As I told you before, Charlotte has deep maternal, protective instincts towards me; sometimes I feel I can't tell her everything. I had no one to speak to of what I felt, no one to comfort me and advise me. I needed a friend, a trusted listener, a true sister. You've filled this role to perfection. This has been so liberating! You have helped me clear my mind. Now I feel so much better! Thank you for listening to me, Jane." "You're welcome, I think? Does this means your feelings for Will have changed?" "I believe so. That was the only reason I agreed to go to his house. During that party and a few days after, I discovered other very flattering particulars about him. I believe he is a good man, intelligent, insightful, a perfect gentleman, he plays music and sings so wonderfully, plus he's so handsome!" "This is fantastic! I can't wait for us to start double dating! Oh, Lizzy, I'm so happy for you! I think you two make such a perfect couple!" "Jane, you misunderstood me. He's all that is good, but I can't forget his words the night he proposed to me. They are etched in my mind. I am and forever will be a Puerto Rican and I'm proud of my heritage. He said I was inferior and being with me would be appalling and degrading to his family and to himself! I shudder to think what would happen if we're together and we have an argument. Would he denigrate me then? Would he be willing to accept my family and my friends for my sake alone?" Jane said, "It's obvious that he seems to have changed his opinion or else he wouldn't be paying you so much attention. Perhaps he was referring only to your status. Once he finds out you're equals, he won't have any reason to think less of you. Besides, it's evident that he's crazy mad for you or he wouldn't be fantasizing like a lost puppy about the love of his life!" "Very funny Jane! What if he found someone else? Besides, I'm a hopeless romantic at heart. Before I can accept him, he has to prove himself to me. Therefore, I don't want him to know my real status until I'm convinced that he wants me for me. If he fails to woo me, then it won't matter. I guess only time will tell. In the meantime, I won't worry about it. I'll be so busy at school this semester that I won't have time to dwell on this situation." "Lizzy, in all the years we've known each other, this is the first time I feel that we have forged a true sisterly bond. I'm so happy to finally get to know the real you. Don't worry about me keeping your confidences, I promise I won't let you down." "Thank you Jane, I feel the same way. From now on, you're my favorite sister, but don't tell Charlotte, ha-ha! I have absolute trust in you. No more secrets! Now I want you to dazzle me! Open your tablet and show me the magical 3-D worlds you have created in your spare time, you looney computer wizard!" A week after this conversation, Jane came to the apartment after work with happy news, "My company is co-sponsoring a celebration to commemorate the completion of our project of the sky-lit atrium at the Museum." "Jane, I'm so happy for you! You deserve it!" "Thank you Charlotte, the party is a full gala affair with a formal dinner and dance to be held on the Saturday after next. We're all invited." "I'm so sorry Jane but that day I have an event with Robbie for the Smithsonian... wait, is your gala at the Museum of Natural History?" "Yes!" Cried Jane, "How exciting! We're going to the same party! I'm wondering, how were you invited? Is this related to your secret life that I shouldn't know about?" Lizzy and Charlotte laughed. "I have no more secrets for you Jane, my father has been a patron of the Smithsonian for many years. We're invited to these special affairs occasionally. We usually don't attend, but Robbie wants us to go to this one. It has to do with a new exhibit. Robbie, being the historian in the family, is very interested in us seeing this one. When I pressed him for details, he emphatically told me to be patient and to not attempt to seek information about it. He said it's a surprise. What he doesn't know it's that I have an insider! So Jane, can you be an angel and tell me all about the new exhibits?" "I know which exhibit he's referring to. I did a 3D virtual tour for that one which hasn't been released yet. It's about a new discovery on... Tricked you! You want me to spoil his surprise? I can't! I signed a non-disclosure agreement with Robbie. I have my secrets too, my girl! You'll just have to wait and see, like the patient, uncomplaining stoic we know you can be! Ha-ha!" "Lizzy," Charlotte said with mocked indignation, "Who is this lady? Do you know her? Because I sure don't. Whatever happened to our shy, acquiescent, angelic roomie? I knew I shouldn't have allowed you to take her into your confidence, you've created a fairy monster!" The big Saturday arrived with the promise of a fun night. But first there was some important business to take care of. The class that day at the One World Youth Project was a bit relaxed. Everyone was rambling about their adventures during Christmas vacation. Lizzy and the other volunteers left the students to their own devices, engaging them in telling their stories to the whole class. Lizzy noticed right away Monica's subdued state of mind. She suspected the cause of her troubled state, therefore, she didn't press her for details about her vacation. At the end of class she invited her for lunch. Monica was reluctant to go but Lizzy pressed her until she had to agree. They returned to SUNdeVICH. This place had become their favorite restaurant; they would go there almost every Saturday. After they were done, Lizzy began to talk. "I don't know how you're feeling, I can't even try to guess, all I can do is speculate. Do you want to talk about it?" "What is there to talk about?" Monica responded with a hint of sadness and anger mixed together. "That my father is a traitor? That he purposedly abandoned his family? That he was having a good life while we were mourning him and barely making ends meet? I hate my father! I wish I wouldn't have told you about him! I wish they wouldn't have found him! I wish they would've found he was dead!" At this Monica threw herself in Lizzy's embrace sobbing like a little girl. Lizzy remained silent, comforting her friend. After a few minutes, Monica calmed down, then Lizzy began. "Can I ask you a simple question? You were 7 when your father disappeared. Be honest now. Do you remember how he was as a father? On a scale of 1 to 10, where would you rate him?" "I don't care about my father!" "Monica, please, just indulge me? How would you rate him? Please don't tell me, I know the answer. Now, try to remember any interaction you had with him when you were a little girl, think carefully. I'll wait." Monica protested, but with Lizzy's insistence, she began to think, not of one, but of numerous occasions when she spent time with her father. He treated her like a princess. He was always loving, supportive, a good listener, a protector. She imagined herself going places. Her father was always there, holding her hand, carrying her on his strong arms or on his shoulders. She adored him. She had always been so proud of him! Lizzy continued, "Please hold that thought. Now, let me tell you something. We don't know yet what happened that fateful day. The investigators are still searching, trying to come up with facts to establish the truth. Based on your statements before, you already believe that he's guilty, that he shamelessly and selfishly left you and your family and began a new better life for himself. That he purposedly forgot all about you. I know it's hard to be strong under the circumstances, but you have to be patient, you have to be strong for your siblings and even for your mom. Most importantly, you have to give him the benefit of the doubt." "But it's so hard, I dread the day when this is released to the press. What will happen to our family?" "First of all, you're assuming the worst. Second, I can suggest a strategy you can use. Are you at least willing to listen to me?" "Yes!" Monica was so willing to listen. She needed, first and foremost, to hear from Lizzy that things weren't so bad, that there was hope. "What is the first thing one sees upon entering your apartment?" "The foyer?" asked a puzzled Monica. "What's in the foyer, prominently, on the front wall?" "Hmm, I know. You're referring to my father's portrait." "Well, not exactly his portrait, I wanted you to focus on a small shiny object displayed next to it." "His Medal of Honor? We were so proud of him. He was our hero! Until last December." "Monica, what if I tell you that no matter what happens, your father will always be a hero to someone? Nothing will take away what he did that day to earn that medal. I'll never forget when you told me how he saved his unit, how he put his own life on the line, not once, but many times, in order to rescue each and every man under his charge. I'm absolutely certain those soldiers, and their families, especially their children, will stand by your father 100%, always! Do you see where I'm going with this?" "Yes, he'll always be my hero too! And I will stand by him and defend his honor! Oh Lizzy, now I feel so terrible, I was thinking only of myself. You're right, my father deserves better. At minimum he deserves to be regarded as innocent until proven otherwise." "That was a very lawyerly phrase! Maybe you'll be one of us after all! Don't sweat it my 'ace boon coon', my homie! Ha-ha! Only time will tell what will be the outcome of this ordeal. Perhaps one day I'll get to meet Captain Carter. Believe me, I'll be so proud that day, to meet the man who helped shape the wonderful woman I have before me!"
A/N: Hi, this is my chapter for the month of April. Enjoy and please review. Thanks. Here we go! Chapter 16 – Gala at the Museum, Part 1, Magical Dance The Tuesday evening before the Gala at the Natural History Museum, Charlotte was coming home after a hectic day at the office. As she was entering the building, a familiar screeching voice suddenly interrupted her thoughts. "Charlotte Lucas! I'm so happy to see you! I'm your new neighbor now! We just moved in here today. Isn't this exciting?" 'Oh My God! Poor Lizzy.' she thought. "I'm sure Lizzy will be overjoyed to have you living so close!" "Yes she will! I can't wait to tell her, as a matter of fact, we're going there now to surprise her. Can you let us in?" "Of course ladies, please follow me." It was Lizzy's night to cook. As usual, her attempts weren't satisfactory, despite the patient assistance from Jane. Since Jane was now aware of Lizzy's status, she was more understanding of her limitations in the kitchen and tried to help her a little too much, which frustrated Lizzy. As it often happened with her two friends, Lizzy gave up with Jane casually taking over. As she sat admiring Jane's dexterity, she received the surprise of her life when Charlotte entered the kitchen accompanied by a screaming Fanny, Lydia and Kitty. Lydia exclaimed, "Lizzy! We're going to be neighbors! We now live at Longbourn!" "You what?" Though a little more composed than Lydia, Kitty was also enthusiastic. "Uncle Tomas invited us to stay at your building! He also enrolled us at a local private High School for the rest of the semester. We start Monday. I'm so happy because now we'll see each other every day!" Lizzy was stunned. With fake enthusiasm she declared, "I'm happy too! When did you move in, and why wasn't I told before?" Fanny replied, "We wanted to tell you but your father asked us to wait in order to surprise you, and what a surprise it was! I promised him I would take care of you, I've wanted to do this for the longest time and I finally did it! Even if this weather doesn't agree with me, I'm looking forward to fulfilling my promise to your dear mother of finding you a husband! You're not getting any younger, you know." Lizzy rolled her eyes, "Thank you aunt. So this was my father's idea, I'm delighted; I'll let him know what a pleasant surprise it was!" Lizzy introduced everyone to Jane. This called for a celebration outside the home. Lizzy helped Jane put away her exquisite lasagna and invited everyone to a Mediterranean restaurant, where they spent the next few hours dining while mostly listening to Fanny's incessant chatter. She complained about Lydia's unfair treatment at her old school, about all the opportunities her favorite child was going to have now, about the horrendous weather she was willing to endure for the sake of her dear motherless niece, about all the things they were going to do in Washington D.C., and so on. Lizzy noticed the omission of Kitty in Fanny's extensive monologue. That was strange. After a long interminable night when the three visitors followed Lizzy to her apartment after dinner, accompanied by the incessant chatter from Fanny, they finally left for their new apartment. "¡Tomás Benes! ¡Estoy enojada contigo! (I'm mad at you!)" "Oh no baby! I shudder all over when you call me by my name! Please don't. What did I do now?" "Okay... father. You know why I'm upset with you! Why did you bring them here, so close to me? You know how distracting they are and how embarrassed I'll be everywhere we go. You can be sure they'll follow me everywhere! I won't have a minute of peace around here!" "My poor baby, don't worry so much, I'm sure it's not going to be so bad." "Obviously, you have nothing to fear dad, because you're so far away! How convenient for you! Now she claims I'm getting too old, so, she wants to marry me off to I don't know who! Whatever gave her that idea? My mom would never pressure me to marry, not to mention, let Aunt Fanny, of all people, pick my future husband, that's preposterous! You don't understand how bad this is going to be for me!" "Lizzy, she can't force you to do anything you don't want to do. You know very well Robbie and I won't let her and she knows it too. She probably thinks she's doing you a favor. The main reason I did this is plain and simple, your cousin Kitty. She looks up to you. In this critical time of her life, you may be able to help her become the woman she deserves to be. She has so much potential, but with her mother and sister, she doesn't have the best role models. Now you'll have the opportunity to at least lessen some of the bad influence those two are having on her. Lydia is also a big concern, she has become very wild. I'm hoping that with a fresh start, she may be able to cool off her unruly ways. We know of Fanny's failings, but the one good thing about her is that she's a loving mother. She's the one who called me distressed about Lydia, who was getting into big trouble at her school. The worst is that she was beginning to lure her sister into her malicious behavior. I believe it's time for you to do your big sisterly duty and help your cousin." "I hate you daddy, you always know what to say and now I can't complain anymore. I guess I'll have to grin and bear it; you have no compassion for my poor nerves, ha-ha! I'll do my best to provide the right inspiration and guidance for Kitty. Perhaps I can also help Lydia?" "Ha! Don't expect any miracles; Lydia's the spitting image of her mother, physically and mentally." "What about my status? You know how much Fanny enjoys boasting of her wealthy connections to everyone within hearing distance, which is a considerably wide circumference! How are we going to restrain her loose lips?" "You don't have to worry about that. It's all taken care of." Fanny had promised Mr. Benes to keep Lizzy's status secret or she would be immediately removed from Longbourn and banished from their society, most importantly, she would be cut from the extra monetary assistance she received from them. Fanny seemed to be a woman rather ill-informed, marked by extreme lack of common sense and restraint, but she wasn't stupid, she understood Mr. Benes' warning very well, she promised she would behave. The opportunity to meet prospective suitors for her daughters came sooner than she expected. To Lizzy's vexation, Fanny overheard a conversation between Jane and Charlotte, and practically forced Jane to invite them to the Museum Gala. Unbeknownst to Lizzy, her scheming 'aunt' also applied to Jane to invite a surprise guest to the party. Since the beginning of the New Year, Lizzy had seen Darcy a few times when visiting Georgiana; they had had a few greeting words, but no significant conversations. One day Georgiana conspired to leave them alone in the library for half an hour. When she realized what Georgiana had done, Lizzy was agitated. "Please Mr. Darcy; I entreat you not to suppose that I came here by design. It was done unconsciously. My apologies, I'll leave now." "You don't have to apologize for something which, instead of inconveniencing me, gives me pleasure. I've been meaning to tell you Elizabeth, the other day I saw a young woman walking in the park while reading a book, she reminded me of your trip to Spain where you used a book as a guide. Obviously, that girl can't hold a candle to you." Her full name sounded oddly mystifying coming from his lips, she couldn't describe the feeling, perhaps a caress? Then he finished with a grin. She remembered Jane's story, blushing furiously, with her cheeks turning the deepest pink. She promptly excused herself, leaving the house. After that incident, Lizzy asked a contrite Georgiana not to play any match-making, to the risk of losing their friendship. Darcy had been enchanted by her response. He welcomed any moment, albeit briefly, when he could at least get to see her. The day of the party, after her chat with Monica, Lizzy went to a fashion designer studio in D.C., owned by a good friend of Mrs. Hart, to prepare for the Gala. Robbie met her there a few hours later when they finally left for a quiet dinner before heading to the Museum. When they entered the ballroom, they spent a few minutes greeting some acquaintances. Dr. Ruben Mendez, a good friend of their family and a curator of Pre-Columbian Archaeology for the Museum, greeted them very affably. "Robbie, Lizzy, I'm so happy to see you again. Tonight I have a big surprise for you Lizzy! We have recently made a new discovery and you will have the fortune to be the first people outside the Museum staff to enjoy our new exhibit, which is based on this discovery. Some of the items will be familiar to you; however, you'll be greatly surprised with what else we found. I'm not going to spoil the tour, I'll let the suspense build! Are we ready to go?" Robbie smiled brightly, willing to follow his friend, when Lizzy stopped them. "Not so fast gentlemen, we'll have plenty of time later tonight. I'm dying to see it too but we don't want to be discourteous to our friends. We'll come back when we're ready." Robbie was pleased with his sister. "My baby sister is becoming such a mature lady! She's right as usual; we'll come back when we're ready." "Any time will be good for me, invite your friends if you want." When they arrived at their friend's table, Lizzy received the surprise of her life when Mr. Collins came up to welcome them. "I'm exultantly pleased to come into your amiable presence once again! My dear Elizabeth, would you distinguish me with the honor of the next dance? Please sit with us, we have reserved two seats for you." To her total embarrassment, he took her by the elbow escorting her to a chair next to him. Robbie, who was to the point of exploding, excused himself to go to the bathroom in order to relieve his laughter. When he came back and found his chair, conveniently placed far from his sister, he noticed a very pretty girl seated next to him. Mr. Collins went to him and with an air of solemnity performed the new introductions. "...this exalted lady is the sister of my most generous benefactor, the esteemed lady Catherine de Bourgh. Robbie, it's my privilege to introduce Mrs. Darcy and her lovely daughter Miss Darcy." When he was done with the introductions, a proud Mr. Collins returned to his reluctant companion. "Nice to meet you Robbie, I'm Anne and this is Georgiana." "The pleasure is all mine ladies," he tried to be serious, but couldn't resist the moment, "here between us, how do you like Lizzie's worthy suitor? I understand that wedding bells will be heard any day soon. My father and I are highly pleased with him!" They both looked at Robbie with panic in their eyes. He just grinned. "I apologize for alarming you so much. You don't know me and here I am, making sport of you. Fear not, he'll never succeed in his designs for my sister. Over my father's and my dead bodies! We promised my mom to look after our Lizzy; she'll only marry a special person, and, as she told us herself, only for the deepest love. Of course, we haven't met that man yet." He smiled and again he noted their sad countenance. "So, can you tell me about your sister Lady Catherine? I can't wait to meet her! She must be a remarkable lady. I'm anxious to see the eighty thousand dollar fireplace mantel in her drawing room. Mr. Collins seems to be a big fan." The two ladies were happy with the change of subject and engaged him in playful conversation. Robbie immediately liked them and they did likewise. Georgiana seemed to be rather young but was demonstrating maturity and intelligence well beyond her age. He was pleased to know that she was a very good friend of his sister. 'This is an interesting development; I wonder why Lizzy never mentioned this fact to me?' Their distress about Lizzy's alleged suitor was alleviated when the next song began and Darcy himself was escorting her to the dance floor. Robbie secured Georgiana's hand for the dance. Mr. Collins was flabbergasted; he stood and invited Charlotte, who promptly accepted. One thing to note is the odd absence of Charlotte's mysterious boyfriend from the party. When Darcy went to Elizabeth's apartment earlier that night with Charles, he was looking forward to seeing her. Once again he was frustrated; instead he had the misfortune of meeting her relatives, including a sycophantic man who introduced himself as Elizabeth's date for the party. When Mr. Collins realized he was on the presence of his benefactress' nephew, he kept fawning over him the rest of the night. The two other ladies, evidently mother and very young daughter, introduced as Elizabeth's aunt and cousin, also began to fawn over him. Fanny began to pair off Lydia with Darcy, exclaiming what a pretty couple they made, that they should go together to the dance, etc. Darcy was disgusted, but remained stoic out his duty towards Elizabeth, they were his relatives, and therefore he had to be civil to them. He was perplexed that someone as exceptional as Elizabeth could have such objectionable relatives. The other girl seemed a little shy; she had been silent most of the time. She appeared to be embarrassed over her family's behavior, but was powerless to stop them from making a spectacle of themselves. Darcy spent another hour and a half at the Museum having dinner with these characters. The sycophant kept flattering him and his family, prattling about the great Lady Catherine. Finally the time came to head for the party room where he was eager to see Elizabeth. He was willing to suffer the company of these people if it meant that he was going to be with her. When he saw her, all the pain he had been suffering through the night vanished instantly. She looked so stunning with her gorgeous gown, her long brown hair cascading on her shoulders with a few soft curls around her face, her wide eyes, her red cheeks... It was then he realized she was flushed with embarrassment. When the sycophant almost dragged her to her seat he almost stood to slap the idiot mongrel, but his good manners prevailed. He had to endure another introduction when Robbie returned from wherever he had disappeared to as soon as he saw the sycophant. 'Is he laughing at his sister's discomfort? What kind of a brother does that to his own flesh and blood?' Then, Mr. Collins began to crow about his bright future prospects, the benefit of his association with Lady Catherine, and the happiness he was going to give a certain someone very soon. Fanny responded with a squeal, loudly congratulating him while winking at Elizabeth, whose blush never left her face. She seemed to want to scream out loud, but appeared too ill at ease in front of the others to open her mouth. When the next song began, Darcy surprised everyone when he immediately stood in front of Elizabeth inviting her to dance. Before Mr. Collins had the chance to react, she quickly accepted his offered hand, both leaving for the dance floor without looking back. The moment their hands touched, the magic surged between them. They were both intoxicated with one another. Spontaneously, they behaved as they had done on their first dance. She rested her head on his shoulder, he closed his eyes, both enjoying the bliss of being so close to one another. Nothing else mattered, the universe stood still to allow them this heavenly moment. They continued on this state for the duration of the song, their full senses engaged in the pleasure of their touch, both feeling an overpowering emotion. Lizzy was again disconcerted that she would still feel so strongly about him, after everything that had happened between them. Darcy was already lost; he knew she was the one for him. "Do you love me?" "Why would you ask me that question honey? You know I do!" "Sometimes I feel you're a million miles from me, I need constant reassurance. Can you kiss me now?" "Not here my love, everyone is looking at us! I feel uncomfortable calling attention to myself." "But my darling, everybody knows we're madly in love with each other. Please, a little kiss…" "No, please my love, I'm uncomfortable." "Okay Jane, since you don't want to please me now, what about you stay tonight at my place? Caroline is going to Louisa's." "Charles, you know I'm not ready for that significant step yet." "But when will you be my angel?" "I don't know." "This is frustrating! If you weren't so beautiful…" "I'm so sorry…" When the next song began, Lizzy decided to have some conversation with Darcy; else they could be making a spectacle on the dance floor. "Thank you for saving me from Mr. Collins, I don't know what gave him the idea that I'm interested in him. He's such an irksome man!" "I believe your aunt is forwarding the match as well, you'll be fortunate to have such a buoyant companion to sing your praises. However, you may have to compete with my aunt for that honor it seems." Lizzy recognized Darcy's playfulness and decided to play along. With a serious expression, she said, "When I marry Mr. Collins not only will I gain a sensible, mature, intelligent husband, I believe I'll also have the advantage of becoming a protégée of the famous Lady Catherine de Bourgh." She ended with a grin, "Can you give me some hints on how I should approach your formidable aunt?" "Oh yes, my aunt is the great-great-great-granddaughter of an Earl from the county of Derbyshire in the motherland. It would be to your advantage to memorize her exalted lineage, all the way to my cousin Anne." Lizzy rolled her eyes. "Are you suggesting that I should also learn yours, as it seems you share the same blue blood as your aunt?" He hesitated, "I didn't mean to..." She laughed and he continued. "I know your opinion of me is not the most flattering. I'd like to have the opportunity, if I'm allowed, to show you how hard I've been working attending to your reproofs." "You're making a fine start for yourself. You have to understand something about me; sometimes I'm an incorrigible tease. Sorry, I just can't help it!" Those beautiful sparkling eyes were boring into his consciousness, making him lose control. "I'm confused, can you tell me? How will I know when you're serious and when you're teasing?" "I'm appalled Mr. Darcy! How would you ask a lady such a question? It's the gentleman's absolute responsibility to find out the difference and act accordingly!" "This is too much Miss Benes! You're leaving me with the most difficult conundrum! It appears I'm not as qualified in this area as I should be. Can you at least give me a clue?" "Even if I was inclined to, I don't think I can help you with that. In order to really know someone, to understand their idiosyncrasies, you have to spend time with them in careful study." He looked at her with eyes full of passion. "I promise to spend as much time as necessary being the most willing student if you would consent to be my teacher." Her cheeks flushed with pink, he was enraptured! She immediately shifted the conversation to a safer topic. "I believe we have drifted from our main subject. Please continue with your excellent advice with regard to your famous aunt." They kept on chatting, both oblivious that this was the first time they were actually having fun with each other. He would flirt with his characteristic cleverness; she would smartly deflect them with her quick wit. Had they continued with those charged interactions, they were in real danger of becoming friends, a significant foundation for a successful, loving union. Then again, as it tended to happen to our dear couple at this stage of their budding relationship, the specter of misunderstanding reared its ugly head. "I'm proud of the honor the highborn gentleman is paying my dearest. This is something I would expect from someone of his superior pedigree. He's also complimenting me by dancing with her." "It seems to me you're deceiving yourself, they're clearly smitten with each other, I believe you lost her, although in all honesty, she was never yours." "That's impossible, he's promised to another. Besides, he's a true gentleman, he heard me virtually imply that I'm about to propose to Elizabeth. I confidently expect my addresses to be acceptable to her. I'm as good a prospect as she'll ever have the opportunity to come across. Even with all her money…" "Please, Mr. Collins, stop deluding yourself, what you're saying doesn't make sense at all! Please I beg you, desist in your attempt. I assure you that you will not be successful. You're a good man; I believe there's another lady here willing to accept you who would be willing to make you happy." "Thank you my dear Charlotte, you really are a wonderful lady, if the circumstances were different…" The next song began and all the couples remained together on the dance floor. Lizzy noticed that Darcy had been intently watching someone for a while. When she looked herself, she saw Georgiana dancing with Robbie. By their smiles, they seemed to be having a playful conversation. "I didn't realize Robbie was dancing with Georgiana. Did they just begin on this song?" Darcy kept his gaze fixed on them. "No, they began as we did." "They appear to be having a good time, don't they?" "A bit too good for my taste." "What do you mean?" "I'm uncomfortable when an adult pays too much attention to a child." "What are you implying?" "Nothing, I'm just making a statement." "Are you accusing my brother of trying to seduce your sister? Do you even know what they're talking about?" "I'm not making any accusations. You're putting words in my mouth. I just feel uncomfortable when an adult spends too much time with Georgiana. She has a history of trusting the wrong guy and I can't be too careful." "Now you're making me mad! You're comparing my brother with that scoundrel Wickham. For your information, Robbie is the nicest, most decent and respectable man you'll ever meet and anyone making any unwarranted accusations against him will have to confront me!" "You seem to have this habit of misinterpreting me, Miss Benes. I didn't think, nor implied, nor said anything disparaging against your brother. I'm only trying to protect my sister." "By keeping her away from my brother? You're so infuriating! I don't want to dance with you anymore!" "Can we at least wait until the end of this song?" For the rest of the song they didn't exchange any more words. She was too upset with him. He was ambivalent, admiring her alluring angry eyes, inhaling her sweet fragrance, while at the same time feeling the full responsibility for his sister. 'She might be right; they could be having an innocent conversation. But I can't allow any man to get too close to my sister, even if it's Elizabeth's brother. Not after what Gerogiana has been through. She's too young and too trusting. I have a responsibility to protect her. Why can't Elizabeth understand this? She knows how fragile Georgiana is.' When the song ended, Lizzy went with Darcy to Robbie's side asking them to switch partners. She was flushed with anger. Robbie noticed her demeanor and decided to remain silent for the time being. When the song ended, Lizzy asked him if they could go check the exhibit. Robbie told her to go to Dr. Mendez and wait for him; he was going to make excuses at the table. Lizzy went to the table and before anyone could approach her, especially Mr. Collins, she grabbed Kitty by the hand almost dragging her along, taking her to another room, where they found Dr. Mendez. "Kitty, this is Dr. Ruben Mendez, a curator here at the Museum. Ruben, this is my cousin Kitty. She's the only child of my late uncle Alex Grafals." "You're Alex's daughter? This is such a pleasant surprise! Alex and I went to school together in Boston from preschool through high school. We had many adventures growing up. As children, I used to accompany him on our vacations to Puerto Rico to visit our respective families. It was on the island where I began to develop my archeological skills while exploring many caves with Alex. Did you know that Puerto Rico has over four hundred known caves, including the largest in the Western Hemisphere and third largest in the world? If you add the ones which still remain unexplored, the number of caves easily reaches over 2,000! Alex and I thought of ourselves as big time explorers. I can tell you a million fascinating stories about your father. He was such an adventurous, spirited and an interesting man." "Oh!" Kitty replied with enthusiasm, "I would love to hear all your stories. I'm sad to say that I didn't know my father. He died around my first birthday." They quieted down as if in a silent tribute. After a while, Lizzy broke the uncomfortable silence. "We're ready for the tour of the exhibit as soon as Robbie gets here. He'll come shortly." "Wonderful! Kitty, we have to get together sometime to reminisce about the good old times I spent with your dad. My wife was also a good friend of his, I'm sure she would be delighted to share her stories as well. Tell me, have you been to this Museum before?" They continued a light conversation for a few minutes when Robbie finally made his appearance. He brought some friends with him, Georgiana, her mother, and the intolerable man who, to Lizzy's vexation, immediately placed himself next to her. She was irritated, but she couldn't do anything about it. Robbie made the introductions. "Ruben, allow me to introduce the Darcys, this is Mrs. Anne Darcy and her children William and Georgiana. Doctor Ruben Mendez is a curator of Pre-Columbian Archaeology for the Museum and an old friend of our family." "It's my pleasure to meet you all. I know you well Mrs. Darcy, although you probably don't remember me, it's been such a long time! I understand that the Darcy family has been benefactors to the Smithsonian for many decades; I thank you very much for your support. Now let's go unveil our surprise! This is exciting!" He guided them thru the Atrium towards the exhibits area. "On our way there I'll give you a little introduction of what we're getting ready to see. For the benefit of our newcomers, what I'm about to show you is a new exhibit we've put together based on some recent findings in…"
A/N: When I began writing about the National History Museum, I visualized Lizzy the Explorer, and before I realized it, this chapter was the result. I promise the next chapter will return to Mr. Collins and our main plot. I sincerely hope you enjoy this. Here we go! Chapter 17 - Gala at the Museum, Part 2, Juan Ponce de Leon "…For the benefit of our newcomers, what I'm about to show you is a new exhibit we've put together based on some recent findings in Florida and Puerto Rico. Robbie is familiar with this, although, as my AAVE friends would proclaim: 'he ain't seen nothin' yet!' Lizzy however, will be very surprised to learn that we're here because of her reckless behavior." Upon hearing Dr. Mendez' teasing remarks, Lizzy, who was walking alongside a tenacious Darcy, blushed once again. 'This is my night of mortification, especially in front of this man!' Dr. Mendez continued. "Before we begin our presentation, Lizzy, would you mind telling us about your first experience as a speleologist, an explorer of caves?" After sensing her discomposure, he appeased her, "You don't have to worry Lizzy, this is strictly off the record. I'm certain your cousin and the Darcys can assure us of their full confidentiality. You don't have to tell us anything if you feel uncomfortable. I'm excited because this will probably be the only time I'll be able to relate the entire history of this exciting discovery, as you have a pivotal role in it. Do not fear Lizzy, you'll remain as our anonymous hero." "Me...? With caves...?" Lizzy bit her lip in thought for a moment, then, when enlightenment hit her, her eyes and mouth opened wide. She looked at everyone, they were watching her expectantly. Then she gave Robbie a questioning look. When he gave his assent with a nod, she began, "How could I forget? It's been many years now, but it still feels as if it was yesterday. After many months of begging and pleading, Robbie finally allowed me to accompany him in an adventure to visit an old abandoned cave he had discovered in his wanderings thru our… thru the neighboring countryside near our home in Puerto Rico. That was virtually my last experience on this planet. I almost died that day!" Darcy winced with shock. He wondered why that irresponsible fool would take his own little sister to such a dangerous place. Elizabeth's brother was sinking lower in his esteem. Robbie turned very serious, continuing her story. "Before I allowed her to enter the cave, I forced Lizzy to wear my toughest clothes. She had on three pairs of jeans, three pairs of athletic socks under my sturdiest boots, three t-shirts under my heaviest sweatshirt, heavy-duty gloves, safety glasses, and my baseball helmet with an attached headlamp. She looked so funny!" "Yes," she laughed, "I felt like an astronaut!" Robbie continued, "I tied a strong rope to a tree trunk near the entrance of the cave, which I was slowly unwinding. We entered this very dark, musty, passage, then we arrived at an open cavern. I was walking slowly facing forward, probing each step very carefully. I assumed she was tracing my footprints while holding tight to the rope, as we had agreed. But Lizzy being Lizzy, decided to do some exploring on her own, so she drifted a few paces behind me. Suddenly, a bat came out of nowhere startling her, she screamed, let go of the rope and ran away. I began to laugh when all of a sudden Lizzy stumbled and fell, disappearing in front of my eyes. That was the worst experience of my life!" "Yes!" Lizzy exclaimed, "And that also ended my career as a spelunker! I was only 13 years old, despite the terror I had felt that day, I was undaunted, I wanted to return to that cave, but Robbie would not allow me under any circumstances!" Robbie's eyes brightened with emotion. "I'm glad you didn't Lizzy. I never told you this, but I felt so guilt-ridden. I had nightmares about your accident for months afterward with many horrible scenarios. What if the hole was deeper? What if there were rocks, or spikes? What if you had broken something, or worse? I almost lost my baby sister that day!" Robbie hugged her with tenderness; they both had tears on their eyes. When Darcy saw the interactions between the siblings, he began to like Robbie as he understood him better. Dr. Mendez playfully scolded them, "You two stop it, this is not a time for mush, but for triumph! I'll tell the rest of the story as I know it very well. Providentially, Lizzie only fell about ten feet to soft ground. When Robbie got to her, she was in a state of shock, at least that was what Robbie deduced when he noticed her intense gaze, her open mouth, and her lack of response to his shouts. When he tried to make her react to him, Lizzy pointed with her finger to the wall behind him. And this is what they saw..." Dr. Mendez guided the group to a room which had various displays with many primitive artifacts protected with glass. He proudly pointed to a large display on the back of the room. There was a large canvas in the shape of a rectangle with the top edge and corners carved out in an irregular manner, resembling a flat rock. Embedded in the rock was a primitive graphic representation of four male indigenous peoples of the Americas wearing simple loincloths, each wielding a wooden club and a spear. Each of the probable Arawak warriors, the original settlers of that region, had a small three-sided figure drawn on top of their heads. The warriors were scattered in the outside of the canvas. The center was occupied with what seemed as a Spanish Conquistador in full regalia brandishing an ornate shield. He was in conversation with two more natives next to him. The likely Arawak chiefs, male and female, wore more elaborate loincloths, crowns of flowers with long feathers, golden necklaces, arm bands and bracelets. Each was holding an object. The instant she saw the display, Lizzy gave a loud gasp. "I remember this!" "Yes," Dr. Mendez chortled, "I would think that while your entire life was passing through your eyes, you had the presence of mind to focus your attention on this cave painting!" Everyone laughed and Lizzy said. "I believe that saved me from the sudden shell shock I experienced at that moment! I was so horrified I couldn't even cry! But when I saw this painting, I forgot about the pain in my body and even about my intense fear, all of a sudden I felt like a big time archeologist making a new discovery. Nothing else mattered, I heard Robbie shouting my name hysterically, but all my senses were focused on that wonderful masterpiece in front of me." Robbie added, "I saw the painting and for a moment I was astonished! I realized we had made some type of discovery, but after a few seconds of staring at the painting, I returned my full attention to Lizzy, I needed to make sure she was okay. That's when she exploded crying in torrents! After my futile attempts to calm her, I decided to get out of there. Then we spent what seemed like ages heading for the exit! I had to carry my bawling sister on my back for a while until we had to climb those grueling ten feet with the rope! That was a nightmarish ordeal! After that day, we promised each other never to return to that cave. It was extremely dangerous! In any case, we were in a place we weren't supposed to visit. Our secret was kept for years." "And what a discovery it turned out to be!" said Dr. Mendez, "Now, before we continue, let's have a little history lesson. Anyone here remembers who Juan Ponce de Leon was?" Georgiana proudly declared, "He was a Spanish explorer who, while searching for the Fountain of Youth, discovered the state of Florida." "Very good Georgiana, I'm impressed! You nailed it! That's the conventional biography of Ponce de Leon. Okay, who can tell me something else about him?" This time it was Kitty who exclaimed, "Before he discovered Florida, he conquered Puerto Rico and was the first governor of the island!" "Excellent Kitty! Just like your father! Ponce de Leon remained in Puerto Rico for a few years, mostly mining the gold, while enslaving the natives. Then he ran into a power struggle with the son of Christopher Columbus, who removed him as governor of Puerto Rico, practically forcing him to leave the island. That's when he setup in search of new lands and probably the famous Fountain of Youth. Anything else you can tell us about Ponce de Leon? Robbie, can you assist us?" "I will defer to my sister, she should know more about him!" Lizzy retorted, "Thank you Robbie, for putting me on the spot. Umm… Ponce de Leon was a soldier who participated in 'La Reconquista', the retaking of Spain from the Moors in the 1490's. Umm… He was a sailor in Columbus' second voyage to the New World in 1493. He also spent a few years in Hispaniola, where he slaughtered a group of rebellious natives, before setting out to Puerto Rico in search of gold." "Lizzy, your exceptional memory never ceases to amaze me!" uttered a satisfied Dr. Mendez, "That's where Ponce de Leon learned the skills that would serve him well on his adventures later on. There is one more detail relevant to our exhibit. Who wants to go?" This time Robbie answered. He looked at Georgiana with a smile and an air of solemnity. "Georgiana, I'm going to challenge your facts. You have slandered the memory of our illustrious first governor. There is no official record of Ponce de Leon's knowledge or involvement in any search for a magic fountain. His main purpose for setting sail and finding other territories was entirely motivated by his greed for gold, slaves, and land. He only wanted to enrich himself and the Spanish Crown. Decades after his death, a chronicler of the Spanish court began to circulate the unflattering false reports of Ponce de Leon's foolish search for the mythical Fountain of Youth. Sadly that's how our worthy hero is still remembered today." "Outstanding! You guys are so good! So Robbie, you make an excellent point. All the scholars would unequivocally agree with you. But what if I tell you that Georgiana could be right?" "I would be very surprised and skeptic!" said Robbie. "As you should my friend, as you should, this brings us to our exhibit." While they were engaging in those interesting exchanges, Darcy kept glancing at Lizzy while she tried to avoid him. The more he learned about Robbie, the more he liked. It seemed that his character was like Charles'. Had he known Lizzy better he would have understood that the siblings had the same playful disposition. Unfortunately, almost all his interactions with her had been so intense and it was his own entire fault. He was there because Robbie had invited Georgiana and his mother and he couldn't let them go alone. Needless to say, the fact that a certain bewitching brunette with rosy cheeks and upbraiding bright eyes was going to be there served as additional motivation. Most of all, he realized he was enjoying the history lesson immensely. Dr. Mendez moved to a different display. "You can see here a similar cave painting. This second cave was found in an undisclosed location near De Leon Springs Florida, a small town a few miles west of Daytona Beach. Kitty, your father and I discovered this cave in a private ranch almost twenty five years ago. We were then a pair of ambitious young men who thought of ourselves as big time explorers. At first we were elated about our discovery! We immediately began a desperate quest for the Fountain of Youth. We kept extending the perimeter of our search around the cave until eventually we gave up. After our wretched failure, we didn't make much of it as it was a time when many hoaxes had been uncovered in the area regarding ancient ruins, especially concerning the infamous Fountain of Youth. We sealed the cave to protect it just in case and logged the location. We promised ourselves that one day we were going to return, but then time flew by, we began our respective careers, married our sweethearts, and then..." He glanced at Kitty with a thoughtful expression, remaining silent for a minute. "I had stored a picture of this supposedly deceitful painting in my files along with many others. One day last year, Robbie came to visit me while Lizzy was tied up with exams. I was showing him some old pictures of his uncle..." Kitty, who had been tense up until that point, couldn't resist exclaiming, "I wanna see them! I wanna see them!" "Don't distress yourself, Kitty, I promise to let you see all of them, you can also make as many copies as you want." She was so excited! She immediately went to Dr. Mendez and gave him a big hug. "Thank you, thank you, Dr. Mendez!" After Kitty calmed down, Dr. Mendez continued with his story, "When Robbie saw this particular picture, it immediately reminded him of the cave near his home. He had barely glanced at the painting that day before attending to Lizzy, but he apparently remembered some of it. You can imagine my reaction when he mentioned his supposition that they were very similar. I immediately flew to Puerto Rico with my assistant to secure permission in the name of the Smithsonian Institution with the owners of the property, who wished to remain anonymous. This location has also been kept secret due to concerns about robbers desecrating the site and stealing possible important historical artifacts. My assistant and I began to search the general area where Robbie told me the cave was found. We spent five days using a sophisticated geo electrical detecting instrument until we finally located it. I have to mention the fact that Robbie did such a great job of sealing the cave entrance. It would've been virtually impossible to find it without this equipment." "Thank you Ruben," said Robbie, "I had a powerful motive for hiding that cave entrance so well." He looked at Lizzy with disapproving eyes. "I wanted to keep temptation away from my sister. I was going away to college in a few months and didn't want to take chances of leaving an enticement for her. Luckily the entrance was relatively small, so I covered it with a few large rocks, lots of dirt, and many dead branches. I even planted a few bushes which grew pretty fast. Even if she solemnly promised me never to go inside that cave, and I have to acknowledge that Lizzy's promises are sacred, I just didn't want to take any chances!" Lizzy responded, with a smile of contrition, "Well, I returned to that place five years later with a friend, with Charlotte. My intention wasn't to go inside the cave, though. You have to believe me. Truly! I was just curious, but I couldn't find it." Dr. Mendez was amused. "Yes Lizzy, we believe you. Now I want all of you to look closely at this new painting and tell me what you see." Everyone studied the new display in silence. The painting was similarly in a large rock canvas, the pigments used were like those from the other painting. There was the same number of warriors with similar weapons scattered through the canvas. The two male and female chiefs, in the center, each holding an object, seemed to be in a serious dialogue with the same Spanish Conquistador as in the other painting. Many similar items were also scattered throughout the canvas. Robbie pointed at one of the chiefs exclaiming, "I believe I found something interesting!" "Me too." They were all taken by surprise with Darcy. Robbie offered, "By all means William, please share with us!" "That would be uncivil, you saw it first." Robbie answered, "Oh no, you have to tell us, this is your time to shine my friend, go ahead." Darcy focused his gaze on Lizzy. "I took a couple of anthropology courses at Georgetown with my favorite professor. I didn't need them, although since I've always been interested in ancient cultures, this allowed me to study those subjects without feeling guilty because I was able to get some credits for my degree." Lizzy's interest was sparked, she asked, "Was it with Doctor Nathaniel Kraft by any chance?" "Yes, both courses, how did you know?" "I also took two courses with him, probably the same ones," she replied with a grin. "And he's also my favorite professor, which ancient culture did you like better?" "The Britons," he answered smugly. "Indeed," she declared, rolling her eyes while biting her lower lip, "Sorry for the interruption, please continue." Had Lizzy been aware of the powerful effect her charming facial expressions had on Darcy, she would have been more guarded. Everyone noticed his strong reaction except for her, who was looking at her hands. He was mesmerized watching her playful eyes, then promptly shook his head to release the hypnotic state her biting lips had induced in him. Robbie was dumbfounded! "Your interruptions are always welcomed," Darcy exclaimed without missing a beat. Lizzy blushed once again, pleasing Darcy, who continued. "One of the research papers I had to write for Dr. Kraft was about symbolisms of ancient civilizations. I remember this particular symbol, which seems to be relevant to our discussion." He pointed to an object one of the native chiefs was holding on his hand. It looked like a white circular plate with two dark fish lying side by side opposite to each other, their tails touching the edges of the plate. Then he moved to the other display indicating a spot where one of the chiefs was holding a similar item. "This plate with the fish is rotated and the dimensions are slightly off, but in close examination you can see that they both represent the same symbol." Lizzy gasped with surprise while Darcy observed her with satisfaction. "If my memory serves me well, this is a depiction of the power of restoration of life from a magical spring located somewhere in the Middle East during the Dark Ages." "I'm speechless William," declared Dr. Mendez, "I can see that Nathan taught you very well. Great catch! Ha-ha! Lizzy, I noticed your breath intake. You want to add something?" "William is right. Alexander the Great, in his travels of conquest, arrived at the Land of Darkness. A wise old man, I believe his name was Al- Khadir, told Alexander about a supernatural water of immortality. I've seen a miniature in a museum, showing these two men observing that same plate; the two dead fish are revived by a magical spring, the name of which escapes my mind. I think Dr. Kraft would be disappointed with me for my faulty memory!" "I can help you Lizzy," Robbie said, "It was the Water of Life, also known as the Fountain of Life. There's another interesting version that narrates how a servant cook is preparing a dried salted fish for Alexander. He begins to wash it in this spring, when all of a sudden the fish became alive, escaping out of the cook's hands. Alexander had some terrible visions about that place; he marked that spot as the end of the world and turned back continuing his travels." "Wonderful!" cried Dr. Mendez, "I love this! Continuing with Robbie's story, Andreas, the cook, drank from the spring, and became immortal. He didn't inform Alexander. Instead, he took some of the water in a vessel, seduced the king's daughter whose name was Kale, gave her a drink of the water and she also became immortal. Feeling enraged and betrayed, Alexander flung the cook in the ocean with a stone tied around his neck. His daughter is also sent away into the sea. There are many versions of this story, with the protagonists changing names, and the two immortals becoming god and goddess, demons, supernatural beings, or falling off the face of the Earth." They all paused and remained silent as if in contemplation. Dr. Mendez continued his narration. "Keep in mind that all this could be a giant hoax! But first, we can indulge in a little game of archeology. Let's go back to the crux of the matter, what and is there another connection between these two caves? How did they know about the fish symbol? Could it be a coincidence? A plate with two fish seems like a common article. So how do we establish a connection?" "Maybe you found an artifact that linked both of them?" "Very good Georgiana, this is exactly what we did. In our research, we were able to unearth some interesting artifacts. Like that one." He pointed to another display showing a number of smaller figures. "Does anyone recognize this object?" "That's a Cemi stone; a symbol of a god in the Taino religion. They seem to be watching over the warriors." "Right again Lizzy! As you can see, each warrior has its own individually crafted Cemi stone. We found all eight Cemis, four in each cave. We also found some of the weapons, since they were made out of wood they were in an advanced stage of decomposition, except for the stone tips. The plates were also found, but not the fish bones, maybe they were resuscitated? Ha-ha! Now, from the striking similarity of these other artifacts and from the Water of Life drawings, we can establish a connection between the two caves. To finalize, let's go back to the first painting. You can see that there are seven people. And they seem to be talking to this Spanish soldier. Do you recognize the figure in his shield?" "It looks like a lion trying to scale a wall, it's smoking a pipe and it has a funny hat!" Robbie chuckled. "Georgiana, you just described the coat of arms of Don Juan Ponce de Leon, who happened to be the first conquistador to receive such an honor. A lion in battle stance with its mouth open, its tongue out, and with the crown of the king of Spain." Kitty said, "I always wondered why the tongue is out, that lion is also in the official Coat of Arms of Puerto Rico." "We joked in class that the King and his peers were sticking out their tongues ridiculing the peasants!" Lizzy exclaimed with a smile. Remembering her friends teasing her in school she added, "Just like nowadays the very rich do with the poor! My teacher explained to us that the main purpose was to show ferocity with the lion's tongue out and the claws unsheathed. Like a roar!" Darcy thought Lizzy's allusion to the rich and poor was for him. Then she stuck out her tongue and he was numbed! Dr. Mendez interrupted his muddled thoughts. "This finalizes our exhibit. Now it's up to each of you to draw your own conclusions. As I said before, this could all be a hoax perpetrated hundreds of years ago. Keep in mind; 500 years have elapsed since the day Ponce de Leon first set foot in Florida, so there is plenty of time for someone to set this fraud in motion. If indeed it turned out to be one big deception, we have to admire the perpetrators because this was a very complex operation. To leave all this authentic aboriginal evidence in both places, it's highly implausible. What do you think?" Mrs. Darcy had been watching everything with interest, especially the interactions between a particular couple. She had noticed the obvious attention her son was paying Elizabeth, and was a bit confused over her behavior. She had never seen a lady shy away from William's attentions, ordinarily it was the opposite. She was, to a certain degree, proud of Elizabeth, for not allowing his elevated consequence to determine her behavior. She even had rejected his proposal, that was beyond belief! Elizabeth had to be more than she appeared to be. Although, there was the possibility that she was a skillful deceiver, a good actress? Was she being sincere or was she merely toying with William by using practiced rejection to increase his feelings? It was so confusing. She felt sorry for judging her so rashly, although in all honesty, she cared too much for her son, therefore, she preferred to maintain a defensive attitude. She felt the need to at least say something to Dr. Mendez. He had alluded at the beginning that they were somehow acquainted with each other, although, she couldn't remember ever meeting him before. "Dr. Mendez, I believe you have done such a wonderful job here that, even if it turns out to be a fraud, the value of all the original items you have so carefully collected, in addition to the historical significance of the whole collection, makes it worthy to be displayed in this museum. My sincere compliments for a job well done." "Thank you Mrs. Darcy. My final words are to update you, in case you're wondering. There are no water sources anywhere near the cave in Puerto Rico, believe me, we checked thoroughly, I don't' think we'll find the Fountain of Youth there either." "We believe you, you don't look a day older that 60!" kidded Robbie. "Hey! Ha-ha! Thank you all for coming, I know you probably have lots of questions and speculations. Please come back to the Museum when we open this exhibit later this year. We don't know the opening date yet as we're not done with the research at both sites, who knows, we may add more interesting finds. That's All Folks." "Wait!" Robbie and Darcy cried in unison. This time Darcy bowed to Robbie. Robbie noticed Darcy was pointing at the corresponding article held by a native chief in the opposite painting. He began, "Doesn't this figure and the one William is pointing at, each look like one half of a special ancient map?" Darcy added, "Two halves which, when put together, perhaps might point to the location of the Fountain of Youth?" "Wow! You two are amazing! Yes, we arrived at the same conclusion. Regrettably, these two articles, if they ever existed, went AWOL. We've been searching thoroughly, so far there's not even a single trace of either of them. In my expert opinion, we'll never find them. If this is a hoax, that would be a carrot-and-stick inducement, a never-ending loop leading to nowhere. If it's real; they wanted to protect the location of the Water of Life, which raises more questions, especially the role of Ponce de Leon and the success or failure of his quest. Great catch guys! As they say, great minds think alike! Thank you and good night." As they were leaving, the small group split in two. Robbie, Kitty, Georgiana and Mrs. Darcy were chatting about the exhibit, expounding their own individual theories. Robbie and Georgiana found themselves engaged in a friendly squabble over Ponce de Leon and the Fountain of Youth, while the other two watched them with amusement. Lizzy was walking alongside Darcy in silence, reflecting on the exhibit. She couldn't help feel the presence of that insufferable man, who seemed to have relaxed his tough stance against her brother. 'It's probably because the mother hen is close by, ready to defend the innocent, weak, frail damsel Georgiana from the wicked influence of the nefarious villain Robbie. Oh, I love redundancies!' "Would you mind sharing the agreeable reflections which must have inspired such a pretty smile?" he said in a playful tone. She was startled, but quickly calmed herself down. 'Oh! This man has the uncanny ability to vex me!' "Sorry, I can't, it's a private joke."
A/N: This is my chapter for the month of May. Remember, my goal is to complete one chapter per month. I wrote two chapters in April, that was a record! I don't think that will happen again. My lovely daughter came home from college but left a few days later for summer session. She edited this chapter for me, but after she did, I have made a million and one changes, so all the mistakes are mine. Hope you enjoy. Chapter 18 – Gala at the Museum, Part 3, Oh! Mr. Collins As they were heading back to the party, our favorite couple's minds were still so inundated with questions and suppositions about the exhibit, and other more intimate concerns, that they failed to notice the sudden appearance of a man who seemed to have been lurking in the shadows, waiting to pounce. The moment Mr. Collins spotted Lizzy walking alongside Darcy, he went straight to them. "My estimable Mr. Darcy, though I am exceedingly grateful to regard your generous affability and condescension towards my dear Miss Elizabeth, I fear her charming companionship has been greatly missed by some of us, especially this, your most humble servant, who have been mourning the loss of her endearing presence. My dear Miss Elizabeth, would you please allow me the pleasure of the dance you promised me earlier?" Without waiting for an answer, he squeezed between the couple, grabbed Lizzy by the elbow, and practically dragged her to the dance floor. Lizzy had a mind to stop and slap him right then and there, but was too embarrassed to do anything except to comply with him. Darcy stood in place with murderous thoughts towards the stupid sycophant, opting not to call attention, unwilling to risk further humiliation for Elizabeth. Poor Lizzy, apart from the fascinating time she had just spent with Dr. Mendez and the first song she had danced with Darcy, this night was turning out to be one of abject mortification for her. Meanwhile, after Robbie accompanied the ladies to their seats, he invited Charlotte to dance. "So Charlotte, how are you enjoying the party so far?" "Very much. Where did you all disappear to? I thought you had deserted us!" "We went to see a presentation of an upcoming exhibit at this museum with a family friend of ours who's a curator here." "It's about time for you to be teased honey," she responded, "don't you even think for one second that I've missed all the attention you've been paying to the fair maiden Miss Darcy. So, you couldn't resist inviting her to your exclusive presentation. Eh?" Robbie smiled; he always enjoyed a good bantering exchange with his dear friend. "Don't tell me you're jealous honey! She's a very intelligent and mature young lady." "And exceedingly beautiful I should add!" She interrupted, grinning saucily. Before she could go on teasing him about Georgiana, he began to talk about the museum display. "Yes, she is. We all loved the exhibit. I'm sure you would've enjoyed it just as much as we did. I wanted to invite you so badly! When they open it to the public, you have to come see it with us. You'll be amazed to learn that Lizzy played a major role in it." "Now you got me curious. What was it about?" "I can't tell. I've been sworn to secrecy," he jested. "You'll just have to be patient! I'm sorry we missed you tonight. I tried to call your attention a couple of times before we left, but you were fully engrossed with Collins and I definitely didn't want him in our party." They both watched Lizzy and Mr. Collins. Lizzy was flushed listening to his animated and seemingly interminable monologue. "I don't think Lizzy is very comfortable right now," Charlotte commented. "You think so? I'm a bit curious to find out what he's telling her. What a toady! He's so clueless! I don't think that guy has had an original thought in his entire life!" "He's not so bad!" she protested energetically, "Yes, he seems to be a minion, but I think he has some redeeming qualities. He's very gentle and steadfast to those he respects. His prospects are not so bad either... well, they may be somewhat lacking for Lizzy, but you know what I mean. Most importantly, he doesn't have a drop of malice in his entire body, unlike other people I know. During the whole of our acquaintance, I haven't heard Wilfred utter a single bad word about anything or anyone. Believe me, he could be much worse!" Robbie noted a change in his friend. She was a bit tense. "What's the matter Charlotte? That speech sounded strongly like disappointment." "Sorry, I got carried away! You agree that he's not so bad, right? He's even handsome in his own kind of way." "Ha-ha. You're killing me Charlotte," he laughed. "But you're right, from that perspective, I have to agree with you. He's not so bad. It's just that he's such a simpleton; why else would he presume that Lizzy is even remotely interested in him? How much more obvious can she be?" "She needs to tell him straightaway, but our Lizzy is so compliant that she prefers to suffer in silence." "Did you say compliant? As in docile or yielding? That wouldn't be an attribute I would use to describe my exceptional sister! Since when she has become this shy, submissive girl? Look at her, she's obviously uncomfortable, but seems reluctant to escape his clutches. It doesn't make sense at all!" "Oh, Robbie, you're so clueless. Can't you see she's in love? You must know that love makes one behave irrationally. I think she's disconcerted." "What? My Lizzy's in love? With that man? That's impossible! Are you crazy Charlotte?" She rolled her eyes. "Can you not see it? I thought your powers of observation were better." He studied Lizzy; she glanced furtively in the direction of their table, blushed, and then quickly turned to focus on Collins. He followed the direction of her glance, discovering a dejected gentleman who was staring at her. "Hmm... Interesting... So, that other man seems to have that effect on her… I don't know... Well, in any case, since our friend can't rescue my sister without exposing himself or her to ridicule, I feel it's my obligation to be her savior. Do you mind if we move closer to them?" When they approached the couple, they could hear Mr. Collins describing all the advantages that a close association to the great Lady Catherine de Bourgh would bring the lucky woman he was considering as his partner in life. Before he could continue his senseless jabbering, Robbie interrupted him. "Hey Wilfred, how do you like this museum? Have you been here before?" Mr. Collins was startled by the interruption, but quickly composed himself. "My dear Robbie, I am exceedingly appreciative to your agreeable Aunt Fanny for securing my invitation to this splendid celebration, although I hope that after tonight, this invitation may turn out to be quite advantageous for some of us." He paused briefly to bestow an amorous glance on the lady he saw himself courting, while she nearly gagged at the gruesome sight. The foolish man didn't acknowledge Lizzy's obvious disgust, carrying on as if she had returned his overtures with the fondest regard. "To answer your excellent question, no, I haven't had the privilege of visiting this noble institution. I've been attempting to persuade your delightful sister to show me all the wonders this museum has to offer. Maybe I can yet convince her, since she seems to be in awe of this place, as am I. We seem to have the same way of thinking; there is so much we have in common!" Robbie felt the first gusts originating from hurricane Lizzy, which was about to make landfall on Collins. He needed to do something to prevent the onslaught, quickly deciding on a new strategy, "Wilfred, I find myself compelled to apply to your kindness. After tonight I won't be seeing my sister for a long time, therefore, I would like to spend some quality moments with her. May I cut in?" "Why of course, of course! There are few things in life I appreciate more than sibling attachment. If I had a sister, I would be the most affectionate brother in the world! I respectfully request the honor of another dance with you my dear Elizabeth, sometime tonight." After they began dancing, Robbie moved with Lizzy far from Mr. Collins. He knew from experience how to calm her down. "Parece ser inevitable mi querida hermanita; te vas a tener que casar con Wilfred. ¡Vas a ser muy feliz!" (It seems unavoidable my dear sister; you'll have to marry Wilfred. You're going to be very happy!) That did it, she relaxed her tension. "¡Estoy convencida que papá va a estar bien orgulloso de mi astuto marido! (I'm convinced dad will be very proud of my quick-witted husband!). Albert Einstein he ain't," she frowned in frustration, "I've been trying to make him understand that I'm not interested, but he just won't listen! And now he claims that we think alike! I'm this close to sending the stupid man where he belongs! But I'm afraid I may not be able to control my fury here in front of… of all these people. So, I've been holding on, biding my time, waiting for him to finish his interminable babble." Robbie was touched, "my poor baby sis! Don't worry about Wilfred; he's harmless, think of him as a cartoon character. I know, he looks like Elmer Fudd, ' Why, You Wascally Wabbit!'" Lizzy laughed, "No, he's more like Pepe Le Pew, the smelly skunk, 'Permit me to introduce myself. I am Pepe Le Pew, your lover.' Ha-ha!" "Ha-ha! That's outstanding Lizzy! Let's just forget about that guy for a while. What about my surprise tonight? How does it feel to have your wildest dream come true? You are now considered a full-fledged, though anonymous, archeologist!" She giggled, "Yes, one of my biggest heroines of all times is Dora the Explorer. Now I can say I belong to her exclusive club. We did it! Yay!" "Sissy Lizzy the Explorer!" he chortled. They continued chatting and joking for the duration of the song. After the song ended, they were happily surprised when a fast salsa song began playing. That's when Lizzy finally lifted her spirits. Accompanied by the rhythm of the music led by Marc Anthony's powerful vocals, the siblings practically took over the dance floor, coordinating their body movements, shaking their shoulders, swinging their hips, spinning, rolling, doing complicated hand styling and sizzling footwork shines. Aguanile, Aguanile, Mai Mai Aguanile, Aguanile, Mai Mai The faster the music, the more complex their synchronized movements became. The couples dancing around them stopped to watch mesmerized with the handsome couple with the stylish salsa moves. Lizzy was in heaven, Robbie wouldn't allow her a single break, spinning and turning her in all directions for six minutes of absolute exhilaration. So Robbie helped to alleviate Lizzy's suffering... but only for a little while. When they finished their dance Mr. Collins promptly went to Lizzy, offering her some napkins so she could wipe her 'adorable sweat', and then he escorted her to the refreshment table for a drink. Robbie decided not to interfere this time, after all, the man was inoffensive. 'What can he do, kidnap my sister and take her to Vegas? They're not alone after all, what harm can he do here in public? He's not so dim-witted! Let him have some time with her, it may be amusing. Besides, this is a good opportunity for Lizzy to learn to deal with a difficult person in a fairly safe environment.' Mr. Collins immediately took advantage of their relative privacy and told her. "My dear Elizabeth, it seems we'll never have the opportunity to be alone. I have prepared a wonderful speech for you and I don't have much time, so could I please solicit a private audience with you in the course of this night?" Lizzy was alarmed. She watched Darcy; he was staring at her in that unnervingly stoic manner, that wasn't helping. She then searched anxiously for Robbie, but his back was to her, he was engaged in an animated conversation with Georgiana. "I'm so sorry Mr. Collins; tonight's not a good time, perhaps on some other occasion." Mr. Collins was a little nervous, but when he noticed Lizzy's anxiety, the silly man misinterpreted her uneasiness as an indication of eager anticipation of his proposal. With renewed courage he composed himself, bent on one knee, took Lizzy's hand, and solemnly began. "Believe me, my dear Elizabeth, your bashfulness, rather than doing you a disservice, adds to your other perfections. You can hardly have any reservations about the purpose of my speech. Almost as soon as I entered your magnificent estate in the enchanting island of Puerto Rico, I singled you out as the companion of my future life..." When the people at the ballroom observed Mr. Collins kneel in front of Lizzy, they all stopped their conversations, gaping with wonder at the couple. The silence that ensued was broken by a loud cry. "It's happening! It's happening! I'm so proud of him! It's all my doing you know! Oh! My nerves! My poor nerves!" Robbie and Georgiana were so immersed in their private conversation that they were the only ones who hadn't noticed the spectacle being presented at the refreshment table. All of a sudden, they were jolted by Fanny's loud screeches. When Robbie turned around to gaze at what Georgiana was looking and saw the scene unfolding before his eyes, he jumped from his seat as if he'd been struck on the back and ran to intercept Mr. Collins. Lizzy was pale as a ghost dying of embarrassment, not knowing where to look, while Mr. Collins was smugly sputtering some nonsense about the valuable instruction of Lady Catherine on the subject of matrimony. All of a sudden he felt a smack which brusquely removed his hand from his lady. Robbie came forward, took Lizzy's hand, and in a firm but controlled manner stated, "Mr. Collins, stand up and wait for me here. I'll be right back." Robbie whispered something to a tomato red faced Lizzy on the way to the table, and then nodded to Jane and Charlotte. Her two friends promptly took Lizzy to the bathroom and then they went outside. Robbie returned to Mr. Collins. His conversation with him was brief and to the point. Mr. Collins was nodding to Robbie's every word like a bobblehead doll caught in a gust of wind. When Robbie finished talking, Mr. Collins bowed one last time, and returned with a silly smile to his seat at the table, as if nothing had happened. Robbie then invited Fanny to dance. While they were dancing, Robbie was whispering something to her and she was listening silently while nodding. When they returned to the table and for the rest of the night, Mr. Collins and Fanny remained relatively quiet, to everyone's satisfaction. The instant Robbie returned to his chair, Georgiana exclaimed, "Robbie, I'm very proud of you! What a way to save Lizzy! You are the best of brothers!" Robbie smiled, then he noticed Darcy's silent groan, he seemed either in pain over Georgiana's remark, or upset with him. Robbie thought, 'I can understand his anger; he must think the worse of me! First he learns of my blatant disregard for my sister's safety in that cave all those years ago when I almost let her die. And now I failed to protect her from this humiliation! I'm ashamed of myself just as well.' "I feel responsible for indirectly causing Lizzy such mortification in public. It seems I underestimated Mr. Collins and Fanny. Had I known he was going to be so brazen, I would've had the talk with those two a long time ago. I hope Lizzy is not too upset with me. We have spoiled her so much all her life; she wanted more freedom to solve her own problems. She has such an independent spirit, so I gave her some space with this pair, but as you just witnessed, it exploded in my face. My father is going to be so angry!" "I think he should be very proud of the way you defended her!" protested Georgiana, "I'm sure Will would do the same for me!" After she realized what she had said, she blushed lowering her eyes. The sad memory of George Wickham seemed to be hanging in the air. Darcy appeared to be uncomfortable while Robbie was left concerned about the whole situation. One more time the uncomfortable silence was broken by another loud cry from their table. "Lizzy's not going to take such an insignificant man! She has set her sights on someone else of more rank and importance! After all, she has so much…" "Lydia stop!" Kitty shouted hysterically, "Don't be so stupid! Did you forget? Don't you have any manners?" "I don't care! I call it as I see it. Anyway, this table is so boring! I'm going to mingle in the crowd to find something exciting to do. Look at those soldiers over there, Kitty. They're so fine-looking in their uniforms, let's go meet them. We may have some fun after all!" Kitty was ashamed of Lydia's behavior, so she decided to accompany her to get her out of the way. Robbie watched Fanny's disguised smirk with fire in his eyes, he was fuming! The thoughtless woman wouldn't even attempt to restrain her insolent daughter. Mrs. Darcy decided it was her turn to relieve the tension. "Robbie, is Fanny your father's or your mother's sister?" "Neither, Fanny was briefly married to my uncle, my mother's only sibling, when they had Kitty, but they divorced very soon after Kitty's birth. Sadly, he died in an automobile accident before Kitty's first birthday. That's why she was so excited about the chance to see Dr. Mendez' pictures of my uncle. Lydia belongs to Fanny's second husband. So, Kitty is our only relative here. Fanny always insisted on us calling her aunt and we have, out of respect, which I don't feel anymore. As you just witnessed, Lydia inherited her mother's lack of good judgment; thank God Kitty has a little more sense than those two. Lizzy is such an affectionate girl that she uses such terms of endearment towards most of our parent's friends." Georgiana said, "I met another cousin of yours, Mary Gardiner." "Good case in point, Mary's parents are longtime friends of my family, but we're not related. That's our sweet loving Lizzy! If you hear her, you would believe we have a ton of relatives. In truth, we only have one aunt on our father's side with four more cousins, and that's it. What about you?" Georgiana replied with great intrepidity, revealing an innocent grin. "On my mother's side we have an imposing uncle who's a state senator up north, a formidable aunt entrenched in her own fortress down south, and another uncle living in exile overseas." They all laughed at this but Mrs. Darcy felt the need to defend her relations, "Georgiana Juliette Darcy! That's not the proper way to refer to your aunt and uncles! Robbie may believe my siblings are awful." When he heard Georgiana's full name, Robbie was pleasantly surprised. "Juliette. That's very interesting; I know someone with that same name. Did you honor a relative of yours, your formidable aunt from the south, Lady Catherine Juliette de Bourgh perhaps?" The Darcys became immediately distressed; the fact was that Mrs. Darcy couldn't recall whom she named her daughter for. Her children were aware of her misguided sense of culpability for not remembering, even though she couldn't help it. Darcy, upon glancing at his mother and Georgiana, decided to intervene. "No," he answered, "we also have a number of relatives on the Darcy side." He went on to talk about his late father's family. After Darcy was done, Robbie had the discretion to change the subject, and so they continued chatting in good nature about other more neutral topics. Lizzy was returning to the table with Jane and Charlotte, when Charles intercepted them inviting her to dance. While they were dancing, Charles was able to extract a few smiles and even a laugh from Lizzy. For the rest of the night they all had a good time. Mr. Collins avoided Lizzy, giving all his attention to Charlotte, who seemed very willing to accept it. Lizzy was a little surprised by Charlotte's behavior, but she assumed her best friend was sacrificing herself for her sake. That was the definition of a true friend! Fanny returned to her exuberant manners, but more moderately, glancing at Robbie and Lizzy from time to time. She restricted her interactions almost exclusively to the Bingley sisters, especially Caroline. They seemed to have become fast friends; spending a long time whispering between each other. After her dance with Charles, Lizzy declared that she was too tired to dance anymore and remained in the table conversing with Robbie and the Darcys about the exhibit. Darcy was attending to their conversation; not contributing much, sometimes he would stare at Lizzy and then at his sister and Robbie. Lizzy was confused. 'I wonder what he's thinking when he looks at me with such intensity. Could he still have any affection for me? Especially after the embarrassing displays of my relations, I'm sure his opinion of me has sunk. But what about my brother? He probably wants to remove Georgiana from Robbie's claws! I should just tell him the truth of our status to shock him! No, that would be too easy! I can't stand his haughtiness!' Darcy's contemplations were more generous than Lizzy suspected. 'She's smart, witty, beautiful, and so perfect for me. I wish we were thousands of miles away, just the two of us. Away from all of this, from all my responsibilities, from my duty and my obligations to my family. Away from her family.' At the end of the night, after taking Lizzy and Jane home, Robbie left for his chartered flight to NYC. Charles didn't accompany Jane because he had a charity golf game early the next morning with Darcy. If he was disappointed because Jane refused to spend the night with him, he didn't show it. Charlotte had remained with Fanny's group; they were having an after-party celebration at a local restaurant. Lizzy didn't know what the celebration was about and in truth, it didn't matter to her. The only thing she couldn't understand was why Charlotte would volunteer to go with them. There was so much she wanted to tell her! It was odd that they had been so secretive, especially Charlotte, who didn't even say goodbye to them before they left. It didn't matter, as long as Lizzy didn't have to suffer them one more second, it was okay with her. Her talk with Charlotte could wait. Maybe they were toasting Wilfred's exalted genius along with Fanny's and Lydia's meekness. Or possibly they were sending Wilfred back home with a rousing fanfare and fireworks! Great! Good riddance Mr. Collins!
A/N - I know, I know, I failed to deliver on my promise of monthly chapters. Can I use the excuse of summer vacations, outdoor activities, outings, family, life, etc.…? This chapter was so hard to write because of all the gossip and drama involved. I hate this craziness, but sometimes we have to deal with it. Someone suggested I could use a Beta and I considered it, but after a careful reflection, I decided against it. I love writing and editing and changing this and that, deleting a whole paragraph, rewriting it and deleting it again, finding the perfect word or phrase… it's time consuming and sometimes frustrating, but it also is the most fun part of the process. I know the end result is not perfect, but what the heck, this is not business but a creation of love and since I enjoy it so much, I will continue until I'm done. On second thought… No… Please give me feedback! Hope you enjoy. Chapter 19 - Caroline Takes to the Battlefield As she was retreating after delivering her snack, a loud, shrill cry caused her to stop on the spot, spin into a perfect pirouette, and witness a brawl unfolding just a few yards from her. 'Oh no! That brute's hurting my friend! What should I do?' A raccoon was attacking Lizzy's adopted pet, Mrs. Confident. The brute was attempting to grab her, but Mrs. C was resisting, growling, hissing and whimpering, while trying to bite the larger and determined raccoon. It appeared she was losing the battle since the unrelenting assailant was stronger than her. Lizzy frantically reached for a rock, discarded it as impractical, and then found a long stick which could be used as a spear. 'Maybe if I scream very loud I'll chase it away. But what if it comes after me? What if it has rabies? My poor Mrs. C will die and I'll be in danger! What should I do?' As luck would have it, all her worries were for naught. Lizzy was anxiously evaluating her options, when all of a sudden Mrs. C surrendered, allowing the intruder to mount her. They remained in that position, standing still as statues, Mrs. C's eyes boring into Lizzy's with an intensity that was unnerving. When the circumstance finally registered in Lizzy's agitated mind, she relaxed, smiled, and retreated slowly, walking backwards while keeping hold of the stick, muttering in a low voice, "Sorry for interrupting this private moment with your Romeo, I'll leave you lovers alone, please carry on, don't mind this nosy busybody, I'll be out of your way. Stop looking at me like that, you're making me blush!" As soon as she opened the apartment door, she exclaimed, "Jane! You won't believe what I just saw! I was walking along the path after bringing a snack to Mrs. C when..." "Lizzy! Lizzy!" A sharp piercing cry, not unlike the one she had heard a few minutes before, startled her. In her exuberance, Lizzy had failed to notice Fanny, who was in the room with Jane, "Lizzy! Did you hear the good news?" "What good news?" "The news about Wilfred Collins and Charlotte Lucas! They're engaged to be married!" "What? Engaged to Mr. Collins! My Charlotte… Impossible! After he...? No, you must be mistaken. She's in her room sleeping. I'll go get her. She'll deny everything." "No Lizzy," Fanny responded vehemently, "It's true! He proposed to her last night and she accepted him. It was done on the sly during the party. Aww! That was so romantic! What a jolly celebration we had! She left with him afterwards. Today they were supposed to leave for Florida to meet his boss Lady Catherine. I have some more good news! We're all invited to their wedding, which will be held next month there in Kent. Isn't it wonderful? Among his other responsibilities, Wilfred is now the proud manager of Hunsford Village Complex, an upscale apartment building inside Rosings Park, the wonderful estate of the great Lady Catherine. And here's the best news of all! Wilfred obtained a concession from her to allow me and the girls to live there in one of those luxurious apartments for as long as I want! All I have to do is tend to her private garden; you know I love gardening, so it won't be a big sacrifice for me, even though it will be work! Ugh! Well, never mind that, what a generous lady, isn't she? I wanted to remain here to look after you my child, but this weather is wreaking havoc on my body! My nerves are always fluttering from this incessant cold, they need warmer temperatures. I hope you understand." Lizzy assented, although she wasn't paying attention; Fanny's nonsensical jumble of words was falling on deaf ears. Lizzy's mind was deeply engaged processing the news about Charlotte's acceptance of Mr. Collins' proposal. 'Has my best friend gone mad?' Without listening to another word from Fanny, she excused herself, went to her room and closed the door. Her astonishment was so great as to render her senseless, as if she had collided with a wall. She couldn't even consider the possibility. It had to be false. Charlotte would straighten things out as soon as possible and then they would have a good laugh! That was much better. 'Maybe Fanny can convince Wilfred to marry her... No, she's too old for him. What about Lydia...? No, too young and immature. Kitty...? No, not Kitty, I would never allow it!' That same night, Darcy had accepted an invitation to have dinner with the Bingleys. Louisa was indisposed so the couple remained at their home. It was only Caroline and Charles. Darcy didn't want to go but he had promised Charles and he wasn't the sort of man to break promises. As much as he disliked being in Caroline's presence, it was an evil to be borne with forbearance, since he enjoyed being with his best friend. As long as he wasn't left alone with her! Caroline couldn't wait to share all the interesting tidbits she had collected the other night. While Darcy was having a pleasurable time with the Benes siblings, or perchance it had been an excruciating time, considering the appalling spectacle they had made, Caroline was gathering information from their aunt and their cousin Lydia. Under normal circumstances, she would never deign to associate with such inferior, vulgar savages. But it was wartime for her; she was willing to do whatever it took to accomplish her worthy goal, to separate her softheaded brother and her future husband from those undeserving women. Desperate times called for desperate measures. Caroline was hanging by a thread, but she wasn't going to die without a fight! The second Darcy arrived, before even the normal pleasantries were exchanged, she initiated the hostilities. "Will, did you have a good time the other night with the Benes siblings? Their relatives told me a few details about them that you might find pretty interesting." "I'm sorry Caroline," Darcy protested, "I'm not interested in gossip." "It isn't gossip my dear Will, just facts, and with details. For example, did you know that Robbie is not an investment banker at Meryl Lynch, but an office worker? A meager clerk! Remember when he and Eliza were bragging about his fancy job? He's in Wall Street alright, but he's just an insignificant speck of dust." "Caroline!" Charles exclaimed, "I don't think you should be throwing accusations like that. Someone must be lying. Besides, I don't ever remember hearing them brag or boast about anything! Especially Lizzy and she has so much to be proud of. Are you sure you can trust that lady? She's not even related to them. Although, that's easy to contradict, I'm sure we can find him by doing a simple internet search." "You can try if you want, I already did. I searched the Meryl Lynch phone directory. I even called their main phone and asked for a Robert Benes or Roberto Benes or any Benes. There wasn't a single listing anywhere. Apparently an ordinary office worker may not have the privilege of having his own phone listed." "There must be a misunderstanding," Charles said, "Could he be using an alias? Though I wouldn't know why he would." "You can speculate all you want brother, those people seem to be very conniving. Fanny is related to them somehow, and even if she's not, she'd known them all their lives. Besides, she doesn't seem smart enough to invent so many facts, why would she lie to me? If it isn't true, let them contradict it. There's more, she told me their father owns a little souvenir shop near the capital in Puerto Rico. So, Eliza's money comes from the sale of tourist trinkets. Isn't it amusing?" Charles replied, "Well, what if their shop is not so little? Or it could be small but what if it's trendy? They could be selling expensive items, like fine art and custom jewelry. They have to have some wealth. I understand that Lizzy is leasing the apartment where they live. Jane and Charlotte pay her for their share and Lizzy takes care of all the expenses. What about her nice car and her impressive wardrobe? As well as her extraordinary accomplishments, she must have taken piano and voice lessons all her life! She's an exceptional young lady! She has to come from money." "So you say Charles," she replied derisively, "however, that would contradict what her relatives told me. I wonder how many cheap magnets, key chains, snow globes and mugs they had to sell in their little shop to afford all that. Believe what you want, I think those siblings must be inundated with debt. Or probably something more dreadful…" Charles replied, "I think Lizzy works for the apartment complex. Jane once mentioned to me that Lizzy attends occasionally their staff meetings. She also said that the whole staff seems to know Lizzy and they treat her with certain familiarity, as if she's one of them." Caroline felt ecstatic, this was going better that she had expected, "So you think that in exchange for her services, they allow her the use of the apartment as payment, and she takes the money from her roommates for her own use? That would be abominable!" "Not necessarily, they could be waiving a fraction of the rent. That's an expensive apartment… Please stop Caroline; we're speculating about something we really don't know anything about. It's all nonsense!" "I'm just saying," she shrugged, "I now wonder what kind of services she's providing them. But there's more..." Darcy remained silent during this exchange between the siblings. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. He suspected, for the same reasons as Charles, that Lizzy had to be somewhat wealthy. She had to have been born to an affluent family, or at least a reputable one. Now all his opinions were crumbling. He needed to leave this house soon or he was going to explode. But he didn't dare leave. He needed to hear everything Caroline had to say, as painful as it was to hear it. As was her wont, she didn't disappoint him. "Do you remember what Eliza told us in your house about her intention to become a lawyer? According to her aunt, that's totally false. They're running out of money. As soon as she graduates, she'll file for bankruptcy and return her expensive toys. Then she'll go back to Puerto Rico to work on her father's shop. Unless she accomplishes her main objective. Her design all along has been to entice and marry a rich man so she, as her aunt expressed it so eloquently, would be set for life. Eliza has been planning this very carefully, along with her brother and their father. That's why they move so freely in our circles, and they put on a good show too! They're outstanding actors, playing their parts to perfection to lure their prey, always hunting for Mr. and Mrs. Right!" The only pieces of information Fanny had imparted to Caroline were about Robbie's clerical job at Meryl Lynch and their father's store in Puerto Rico. In their warning to Fanny to hide their status, they hadn't anticipated that she had to answer detailed questions about them. Fanny became a little too creative though, when she made-up a blue collar job for Robbie. That little fib was clearly unnecessary, although, Caroline seemed to have stepped into something sinister. Why would Robbie conceal his true name? What was he hiding? Maybe Caroline unwittingly dealt a strategic strike into the heart of the enemy's territory. Mr. Benes' shop wasn't an original idea. The same year Lizzy was born, her father had opened a Fine Arts and Collectibles store inside his resort in Dorado. He originally named it Elizabeth's. A year ago it had been renamed as…, can you guess…? Yes, Sylvia's. It was interesting to note that on his recent trip to the island, Darcy had visited that same store in a few occasions, once with Lizzy's father, and had even bought a few exquisite souvenirs for his relatives. Fanny had emphasized to Caroline that Robbie's job and Mr. Benes' shop made enough money to cover for all of their expenses and more. Crafty Caroline decided to stretch the truth and concoct some false stories. The bankruptcy had been her 'coup de grace'. She was desperate to separate Darcy from Eliza, especially after witnessing that first dance between them at the Museum, and the way Darcy had been entranced by Eliza. He didn't even look or say a single word to Caroline the whole night. 'What do you think of your precious Lizzy now, my dear William?' Charles protested one more time, "This is hogwash! Did you hear all that or are you just making up your own stories?" "Believe what you want brother, I'm just repeating what their relatives told me. There was something in Fanny's tone of voice, certain hesitation, which let me to believe that she was in some sort of gag order, as if she was afraid to share too much information with me. But her wild daughter, Lydia, she didn't seem fazed by the Benes' deceptive manipulation. You heard her yourself when she declared out loud that Eliza had set her sights on someone from the higher class, someone like you, my dear Will. She was about to utter an important and probably incriminating piece of information against Eliza, but her sister Kitty, the insipid one, provided interference. I believe she's their only relative, she defended her cousins well! Don't you remember?" "Stop it! You keep making bogus allegations which you may not be able to sustain. I'm going to ask Jane. She'll tell me the truth." "My dear brother, there was something said about your sweetheart too. Lydia told me that Jane is constantly talking about your money and your connections. She has a nickname for you that she only uses in front of her closest friends: 'my money honey'. She seems so holy and virtuous on the outside, but inside she's as greedy, as calculating, and as ruthless as the Benes siblings. Acting as a morally pure and chaste maiden! I heard she's definitely not a saint! So ingenious and yet so wicked! She lures you in with her charming false innocence and angelic ways. She's another money-grubbing, callous, social climber!" "That's garbage! You're a bald-faced liar! Enough! You're making me angry!" "Don't shoot the messenger," she said in a conciliatory manner, "I'm so sorry Charles, it seems ludicrous, but, as your sister, and as a good friend of the Darcys, I believe it's my responsibility to protect all of you." Shrewdly, to prevent her brother from exploding again, she ventured into another direction, "There's something else I learned, this is so interesting! Remember when Eliza's brother saved her from Mr. Collins? By the way, did you notice how easily Robbie was able to subdue him and Fanny? Right up to that moment both of them had been very chatty, but after their talk with Robbie, they exhibited some self-restrain. However, flighty Lydia wasn't intimidated!" Charles replied, "That's because they respect Robbie, there's nothing wrong with that!" "Or they fear him! But that's beside the point. Guess what happened after that? Mr. Collins proposed to Charlotte and she accepted him! He made two marriage proposals in one night! Can you believe it? What a charming lot our 'friends' turned out to be! That man is a romantic fool and the two women are gold diggers, one aiming higher than she deserves, while the other proved to be an opportunistic weasel. So, their wedding is next month and we're all invited. Guess who's paying the lodging for all guests and for the wedding expenses? Mr. Collins' protégé, your own aunt Lady Catherine! He already has a job lined up for Charlotte at Rosings Park. And the last piece of news, Mr. Collins invited Fanny and her daughters to live in your aunt's exclusive apartment building, Hunsford, for free! The engaged couple were to leave today to meet your aunt. Too bad they're not taking Eliza and Jane with them. They're all duplicitous frauds. Now they're after your aunt's money. You're going to have to warn her!" That was enough for Darcy. He needed some air. Without saying a word, he went to the balcony, but the instant he stood there he got sick to his stomach. He wistfully remembered the passionate kiss they shared, his insults during his nasty proposal, her fiery refusal, her tears, their dances, his concerns about Robbie, Robbie and Georgiana... Had it all been a carefully planned deception? A machination set in motion long ago to ensnare him and his sister? He was starting to feel desperate. His mind was in chaos. There was a lot to ponder. Unable to hide his despondency, he quickly left the house by the stairs. Lizzy and Jane had an uneventful week. They were both very busy with school and work. Charlotte had taken the week off to remain in Florida with her fiancée. Her fiancée… that was a tough word to take in! When Lizzy returned back to the apartment from school on Friday night, she found Jane crying on a chair. "Jane, why are you crying? Are you okay?" "Yes… no… it's Charles. I've been trying to reach him all week without success. I haven't received a single voice mail, email or text from him." "Oh Jane, maybe he lost his phone, or he's too busy. There has to be a good explanation. That's not like Charles." "I know, but in the past, even when he was at his busiest, we would video chat every night. Or he would squeeze lunch with me or come here for a few minutes. This time though, he hasn't tried to contact me and I don't know why." "I insist that there has to be a good reason for his odd behavior. Now I'm worried about his health. Have you inquired with his sisters?" "This is most distressing Lizzy. I called Caroline. She told me Charles is too busy to contact me. I don't understand. She also intimated her suspicion that he's already seeing someone else. How can that be? According to her, this information was given as a friendly warning, so I could protect myself. What's more, she advised me to go ahead and find me a man more suitable for me. What does she mean by it? Why would she say that? Oh Lizzy, I'm desperate, I don't know what to do! I lost him and I don't know why!" She began to cry one more time. Lizzy had to hold her for a while until she calmed down. "I definitely wouldn't trust that scheming woman! How could she be Charles' or Louisa's sister is a mystery to me. Everyone knows that Charles adores you, there's no doubt about it. For him to have someone else would be preposterous! And for that impertinent woman to suggest that you find someone else is insulting! Before you make any decision or reach any conclusion, please make sure there are no extenuating circumstances preventing him from contacting you. Maybe he went out of town or out of the country in a job emergency and Caroline is conveniently withholding that information. Can't you reach someone else who would be less prejudiced against you, perhaps Louisa?" "I also called her, but she didn't answer and she never called me back. I imagine she doesn't want to talk to me!" "Did you and Charles have any disagreement which could cause him to alter his feelings towards you?" "Not that I know of, no. Well, the night of the party, the last time I spoke with him, we had a … I would say it was a difference of opinion. He invited me to spend the night at his apartment because Caroline was staying at Louisa's. I refused him of course. Lizzy, I love him so much, but I'm not ready for that big step. I thought he understood and accepted my position." "I utterly understand you; you know I feel the same way. Let's hope Charles recognizes how much you love him, and that his feelings for you go beyond a bare passion. I was wondering why he didn't take you back to the apartment that night. If he had wanted you to spend the night, why would he plan a golf outing so early the next morning? Did he make that up after your argument? It's so confusing. Do you think he…?" In her natural curiosity and candor, rather than consoling her friend, Lizzy accomplished the opposite. Jane began to cry again and this time Lizzy decided silence was the best option. At that moment, she missed Charlotte so much! Charlotte would've known what to say to make things right! Lizzy accompanied Jane to her room and led her to her bed. She remained soothing her until she fell asleep. Early the next morning, Lizzy called Georgiana to find out if she had any information about Charles' whereabouts. When Georgiana picked up, she immediately told Lizzy that she couldn't talk to her. "What do you mean Georgie? Did I wake you up? Are you busy?" "I'm sorry Lizzy, I'm not allowed to talk to you or your friends anymore. Please don't call me again." "What?" Lizzy cried out. She was furious, but she tried to contain herself. She was about to hang up when she heard Georgiana's loud sobs. "Please don't cry Georgie, I know is not your choice to sever our ties. Before you hang up, I want you to know that my friendship was true and sincere; I never had any hidden agendas or any ulterior motives. I hope one day we can renew our friendship because I consider you as a sister. We had lots of fun together. Goodbye my friend. Keep practicing those duets!" Way before she hung up, Lizzy's prejudiced mind had already progressed from suspicion to indictment to conviction, all in one fell swoop. She couldn't contain her anger. But she didn't cry. Not for that man, never again for that man! His insulting words the first time they met and during his failed proposal so many months before, were instantly brought to the forefront of her mind. She also recalled the disapproving looks he was giving Robbie that night at the Museum. She even remembered noticing how intently Darcy was observing Jane and Charles a few times that night, when he was undoubtedly contemplating how to separate them. In reality, Darcy was envious of them, wishing his relationship with Elizabeth could be like theirs. But Lizzy didn't know this, and even if she had been told, she wouldn't have believed it, she was too prepossessed against Darcy. William Darcy was found guilty without jury! She was convinced he was responsible for everything that was going wrong in their lives now. His capital mistake had been to separate his sister from her. How humiliating! She'd never felt so degraded in her entire life! Since Jane seemed incapable to shake up her depressing mood on her own, Lizzy felt she shouldn't be alone. The next day she took Jane to her One World Youth Project class at Columbia Heights. All the students, especially the boys, were delighted with Lizzy's beautiful friend. Jane proved to be a success with all the students when she began to talk about computers and tablets and the latest video games and consoles. Everyone appreciated a good geek! After class, they invited Monica to have a quick lunch with them. Then, they went to Kenilworth Park and Aquatic Gardens, or as Lizzy called it, 'mi pequeño paraíso' (my little paradise) within the vast DC concrete jungle. With a pair of binoculars, Lizzy's Digital SLR camera, and their smartphones, they spent an adventurous afternoon on the boardwalk atop the marshlands, tracking the rare wildlife remaining in the region for winter. They were gifted with the sighting of a deer family. Leading the herd was a proud buck that had just finished shedding its antlers, followed closely by a pair of does, zealously guarding the four fawns trailing on the rear. Monica spotted a red fox which proved too elusive for Lizzy's camera. Before it disappeared, Monica was able to take a quick snapshot and then bragged that her smartphone was faster than the ridiculously fancy camera. Lizzy had to content herself with taking photos of the tracks the fox had left on the snow. Jane happily spotted a red-bellied woodpecker drilling a new roosting hole in the bark of an old tree. This hole was to be its new living quarters, since its previous hole had been invaded by a family of pesky deer mice. Lizzy's only contributions were the countless ducks and geese she claimed to have had seen first, to the amusement of her friends. After the fun day at the park, they had an early dinner. Reassured by Lizzy's encouragement, Monica opened up about her father's plight. He had been transferred from Guantanamo to a federal maximum security prison closer to home, where her family could afford to see him. Monica was a steadfast visitor. She still couldn't comprehend why he had abandoned them, although she was trying hard to understand him. The biggest obstacle to their happiness was Captain Carter's unwillingness, or maybe it was his inability, to justify or recollect his activities during those terrible months in Iraq. Only time would tell. No matter what, after her heart-to-heart conversation with Lizzy a few weeks before, Monica had promised herself never to abandon her father. On the way back to the apartment, Lizzy gave Jane an account of the details of Captain Carter's ordeal. Lizzy thought that this would provide some perspective to her friend. All in all they had a fun day. She was satisfied to had improved Jane's mood, if only for a short while. But when they returned to the apartment and the following days, Jane surrendered to her depression one more time. Lizzy felt helpless, she needed Charlotte so much!
A/N – Please don't lose faith in our hero, instead you should root for him! He's facing a dilemma, trying to act responsibly towards his family, while at the same time being very mindful of his own feelings. He's not a man who gives up easily, especially if it's for a most worthy cause! A very nice lady told me that Lydia uttered a profanity in a previous chapter. I looked for it but couldn't find it, that Lydia is sneaky! If she did, I apologize for her. I try to hold back as much as I can since I know this is a K-T story. Although some subjects may be a little mature, I try to be as subtle as possible. Thank you for your reviews. Even if I don't answer them directly, I read them all and take them very seriously. I use them for inspiration. Here's the next chapter. I hope you enjoy. Jane Austen was a demigod! Chapter 20 – Dear Charlotte, The World is Your Oyster "Alexandra, can you please cancel all my appointments for this afternoon?" "Yes sir, consider it done. You need anything else?" "No, there's a personal matter I have to deal with, I'll require complete privacy." "You got it, sir." The CEO went to his 'royal spa-retreat', as his COO had playfully baptized that fancy private bathroom, to change to his hiking clothes. The coolest feature of this space was a floor-to-ceiling virtual wall with hidden surround-sound speakers, usually displaying HD videos and vivid pictures of awe-inspiring landscapes, complemented by nature sounds and the most relaxing classical music in the background. His friend always jested that this was the greatest place in the world to take a thrill-seeking leak. Apart from the usual furnishings and fixtures, there was an intelligent spa massage chair facing that wall, utilized by the CEO for meditation and relaxation to prepare for tough business negotiations. Sometimes, more often than not, it was used to watch sports. He loaded his backpack with his necessities and proceeded to his personal elevator. After going down 20 floors, the elevator doors opened right in front of his waiting custom-designed luxury crossover SUV. Kenilworth Park & Aquatic Gardens –yes, that was also Lizzy's favorite park–, was at its finest, the temperature was mild for that winter afternoon. There was no snow on the River Trail, allowing him to enjoy a nice jog alongside the Anacostia River. After performing a few stretching exercises to relax his muscles, he found a nice, secluded spot, removed his backpack, and set up his chair. He then took his ultra-light tablet, sat down, and began to deal with his personal matter. 'Okay, let's start with a simple search, Elizabeth Benes… There she is, a student at Georgetown University's McDonough… nothing new… What about Roberto Benes at Merrill Lynch…? Nothing, as expected… What if I append Puerto Rico to their names…? Bingo! That's their High School, TASIS Dorado… hmm…, so close to the resort I stayed at…, maybe she lives nearby…, they probably know Tomás..., I doubt it, he seemed to live in the resort, although he knew a lot about the surrounding towns... hmm..., TASIS, pretty expensive private school... hmm..., now I'll try social media sites…' After one hour of searching, with many combinations and using various search engines, he was done. He found some references and pictures about the siblings at school and university; they really took their education seriously, as they were both Dean's List Honorees. She was a senior just as she had said. He remembered the mention of her being the next valedictorian. Robbie was on a PHD program at NYU. 'He can be a student worker at Merrill Lynch. That would explain why his name isn't listed. But he can't be an investment banker, wasn't it Charlotte who mentioned that?' He saved all the pictures of her he could find, from her high school and college to Charlotte's and Jane's social media sites. Apparently the Benes siblings didn't belong to any of the prominent sites. He found very few details about their background, nothing about their parents. That was unusual. He strongly suspected that Caroline was so full of lies. Elizabeth and Robbie were very talented. They almost certainly had bright futures. But was Caroline partially right? Why the secrecy about their family? Could they be hiding something? Perhaps they just valued privacy? Just like him. He reflected on the fact that Georgiana didn't have any social media accounts either, not since the Wickham affair… Out of curiosity, he did something he'd never done before. He typed his name in the search engine, getting countless hits. He narrowed his search to the Meridian Ball so many months before. There was a picture of him dancing with Caroline. Yuck! He then searched the Smithsonian Party… jackpot! He found a picture of his dance with Elizabeth. Her back was to the camera, showing off those gorgeous shoulders and teasing soft curls. He was listening very attentively to her. In truth, those sparkling brown eyes had him locked in a spellbinding trance. The first thought that came to his mind when he saw that picture wasn't the captivating vision of her loveliness or the sensation of her delicate touch; not even the allure of her bewitching eyes. No, he had instantly recalled the scent of her perfume, lavender with a hint of oranges and other sweet fragrances; it evoked visions of a Greek Goddess in all her splendor. Another memorable picture was added to his new favorite collection. Okay, at least he tried. Now it was up to the professionals. There was only one person he trusted to conduct this background check with expediency and the required discretion. His 'security expert' had already requested to carry out this investigation two months before, but he had refused. It was time now. He hadn't heard from him in a while, that wasn't like him. He wondered what he was up to. 'No matter, there's no immediate rush. She's not going anywhere. I can still see her.' He decided on a goal that would be satisfactory for everyone and formulated a plan of action. Then, he sent his contact a text message giving the green light, with additional instructions. The following morning, as he was coming into the breakfast room, he found his sister all alone. "I hope you enjoyed the piano concert at the Kennedy Center last night. I remember you mentioning something about a virtuoso young Ukrainian classical pianist that you wanted to see, Anna something. Did she live up to your expectations?" Georgiana eyed him suspiciously, and then responded in a cold and icy manner, "Her name is Anna Fedorova, and I don't know, because I didn't go." "You didn't go?" he declared in exasperation, "Why not? That's very upsetting! After all the hard work I put in to get you those two front row seats? You were so excited to see her! What about your friend? I thought you said the pianist was a favorite of hers and she was looking forward to watching her performance. Did she go alone? Is she okay?" "I don't know anything about her!" she cried, and then she instantly became gloomy, beginning to choke up as she continued, "As you're aware, I'm not allowed to speak with Lizzy." "You're not allowed to what?" he roared, opening his eyes wide with shock. "Who told you that? Of course, Mother! That spiteful woman got to her! Oh, mother, what have you done? Let's go talk to her right now!" This was turning out to be a perfect morning for bliss. The elegant lady walked into her favorite room of the mansion, her spacious conservatory. Through the glass walls she had a clear view of the sun as it began its first blush, just above the horizon, illuminating the resplendent landscape. On the other side, the tranquil waters of the Potomac River mirrored the brightening blue sky, complementing the multi-shade brown and green trees topped with a few fresh white snow caps. Splendid! She began to water her blooming flowers, which, even at this time of the year, were bursting into a majestic palette of colors; yellow, white, orange, turquoise, pink, red and gold. After she was done, she took a step back to relax and enjoy the inspiring view. Each morning she would cut off three blooms to bring them to the breakfast table. Today she had chosen her favorites, the Albrecht Durer roses. She loved the way the color of these blushing beauties changed with the weather. That morning they were proudly displaying an enchanting deep pink. In addition, the fruity fragrance emanating from this stunning rose was enough to soothe the most troubled spirit. Hopefully, these lovely flowers would bring a smile to her darling daughter. They would also provide the extra motivation she needed in order to make the distressing but necessary call to her overbearing sister. She was about to cut the third rose when a disturbance in the entrance to the conservatory interrupted her movements. She turned her head to discover her son escorting a deeply distraught and crying Georgiana. Based on the dark, scowling look on his face, she realized with disappointment that it was going to take more than a stunning rose to brighten up that morning. A couple of days earlier, Charlotte had returned to Longbourn from her impromptu Florida trip. The instant she set foot in the apartment, as soon as she perceived the somber mood of her friends; she suspected that an unpleasant event had transpired in her absence. They couldn't be so low-spirited because they missed her. Setting aside her own interests, she decided to find out. Since Jane appeared to be the one most affected, she invited Lizzy for a walk in the park to inquire after their friend. When Lizzy explained the situation that had developed with Charles, she was dumfounded. "They seemed to be so much in love! Especially him, he was utterly besotted! It's unbelievable!" Lizzy didn't bring up her issue with the Darcys because it was too painful and especially too embarrassing for her. "Charlotte, I'm so happy for you, you have found your true love, and you're leaving us so soon! I'll miss you so much!" "I know you too well Lizzy," Charlotte responded with a bit of apprehension, "you must be thinking that I'm the most mercenary, callous, opportunistic, immoral…" "Please stop Charlotte, you're quite mistaken. Although… while I was grateful that you kept Wilfred Collins away from me, I wasn't expecting you to marry him!" "Do you blame me Lizzy? Has your opinion of me deteriorated so much that you don't respect me anymore?" "I'm not going to deny that this situation has me shocked and in disbelief. But Charlotte, you're my best friend ever! I have the highest regard and admiration for you, not just for who you are but also for everything you've done and taught me. Therefore, since my brain cannot entertain any negative thoughts about you, I know there has to be a sensible reason for your actions. Whether you choose to tell me or not, it won't make any difference to me. I'll support you one hundred percent! Of course, that won't stop me from trying to dissuade you, you know me too well to think otherwise!" "Ha!" Charlotte laughed, "Thank you for your vote of confidence. I'm going to be honest. I needed a change in my life; I saw the opportunity and took it. I'm not romantic, you know; I never was. My views on marriage are simple, the less you know about your future spouse, the better the odds of reaching a state of felicity, because you come together with no expectations. Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance. With Wilfred I'm assured of as stable a marriage as I ever hoped to have, with a decent husband of good character, a comfortable home, and I'll be living in the Sunshine State! The cherry on top is the interesting job waiting for me at Kent, courtesy of Mrs. de Bourgh, Lady Catherine." Lizzy couldn't believe what she was hearing. That wasn't her best friend Charlotte talking; that was a stranger from a parallel universe! She decided not to argue with her. Instead, she shifted the focus to the most important issue at hand. "What about him? During the last few weeks, I noticed how the two of you were getting along so well. For the first time since I've known you, I thought you were going to have a long-lasting relationship. I envied you! You both seemed so affectionate, so loving, and so romantic with each other. Yes Charlotte, you are a romantic! What went wrong?" "Lizzy, I want to thank you for keeping quiet about my affair with that man. I'm so relieved that you're the only one who knows about my connection with him. Had it been made public, I would've looked way worse in the eyes of everyone! Not that I care too much, but it would've been especially painful had it reached my parent's ears. Going so soon from one man to another!" "My lips are sealed. Please remember this; I'm being honest when I tell you that I can never think poorly about you, regardless of your actions." "Thank you Lizzy, you're my only confidant, so, I'm going to tell you the whole truth. I made a huge mistake; I let my guard down and allowed myself to fall in love with that man. I was persuaded that he felt the same way. For the first time in my life, I dared to dream that I had found that special person I wanted to spend the rest of my life with. I was so naïve. The last day I saw him, we had a big fight, and I knew we couldn't be together anymore. All my hopes and dreams were dashed. I don't believe in love anymore!" "He called me the day after you left with Mr. Collins. He was almost too distraught to talk. I didn't know what to tell the poor guy, he seemed so desperate!" "I bet he was!" Charlotte retorted with sarcasm, "I'll tell you why I left the illustrious Colonel Richard Fitzwilliam. I was in his apartment one morning. He thought I was sound asleep when he took a phone call from his mother. She seemed to be asking him questions about me, although she didn't know who I was. He told her what I did and where I worked, and the circumstances of my parents. Apparently, she wasn't satisfied with what she heard because next, he was reassuring his mother that he didn't have any serious intentions towards me. I was just a passing fancy for him; he was only having a good time, that was all. Then he promised her that he would only marry a lady that his mother would approve, and yes, she would have to be from a respectable family. As if my family is not respectable! It was so humiliating Lizzy! I felt so mortified!" "Oh, Charlotte," she embraced her friend, "I'm so sorry! We seem to be three pathetic girls frustrated in love. I so wish we had not gone to the mall that horrible Saturday when we met those hateful people! That was the worst decision of my life, bar none! But you're still so young. You don't have to marry now. Who cares about Richard! You don't have to go thru with this charade just to spite him! You can wait. There's a man out there who's perfect for you. Someone special who will restore your faith in love again! Someday you'll find your soul mate, I know it." "No Lizzy, please, I beg you, you have to respect my decision. Besides, just because you already found your true love, that doesn't mean I will find mine too!" "What?" Lizzy protested, "I haven't found my true love! He's not my true love! I hate that man!" "Oh, no! Not again! I saw you two dancing at the party; you were both so rapturously lost in each other's embrace. Then, when you were coming back from visiting your exhibit, before the debacle, you seemed to be joined at the hip. And then I noticed you two exchanging furtive glances across the table the rest of the night. That was so adorable! You couldn't hide your mutual attraction if you tried. Please tell me you didn't argue afterward. Tell me he didn't insult you again. After everything you've been thru, it's time for both of you to knock off all shenanigans and settle down." Lizzy immediately remembered the contemptuous looks Mr. Darcy was giving Robbie that night, and Georgiana's sobs the last time she spoke with her. That thought infuriated her. "He's an arrogant, conceited, selfish snob! And I don't want anything to do with him ever again!" Charlotte smiled, pleased with the turn in the conversation to Lizzy's love life. Even if her own was reduced to ruins, she could at least help fix her clueless friend's. Lizzy had no idea how lucky she was. 'I have to open her eyes!' "William Darcy is a proud man, I agree, although you are too in your own way, that's not so bad, you both have good reasons to be. He's incredibly handsome, smart, successful, rich, and he adores you. There's no doubt about it! You're gorgeous, brainy and independent; you don't need his money, and you also have strong feelings for him, don't deny it! Plus, you two look so made for each other. Yours is a match dreamed up by an inspired romantic visionary many centuries ago!" She noticed Lizzy's increased frustration, so she decided to press on to the core of the matter, "You need to have a serious conversation with your father and Robbie. Ask them to allow you to tell the whole truth about your status to the Darcys, they can do no harm and this way you can finally get your due respect. Darcy already loves you believing that you are a poor girl, so he doesn't have to prove himself to you." "I don't want them to know anything about me!" "But Lizzy, this will pave the way for your future relationship with Darcy; it's only fair that he, of all people, be acquainted with everything about you. I'm sure your dad and Robbie will agree with me." Lizzy rolled her eyes, "Thank you for your advice my most considerate friend, but no. There will be no need for any disclosures because I won't have any relationships in the near future, especially with that insolent man! Once you're gone, I'll ask Jane to keep her romance with Charles, if he comes back, to herself, so I won't have anything to do with any of those people." She was so stubborn! And now Charlotte was confused. "What are you not telling me honey? What happened between you and Darcy? Spill the beans my friend!" "Nothing," Lizzy replied in a nonchalant manner, even though inwardly she was agitated. "After everything you and Jane are going thru with those people, I've resolved to reevaluate my priorities. From now on, I'll dedicate all my time to my studies and forget about everything and everyone else until I pass the bar. On second thought," she added with a dreamy smile, "I can always explore other opportunities for my future. I have a great idea! I'll switch careers and follow my childhood fantasy. I'll quit my studies, go to Broadway and play Maria; you'll be my Anita…" She began to sing the Leonard Bernstein and Stephen Sondheim song, "I Feel Pretty", from the 1957 musical West Side Story, using a thick Puerto Rican accent. "I feel pretty, Oh, so pretty, I feel pretty and witty and bright! And I pity Any girl who isn't me tonight. She twisted and twirled, executing graceful ballet steps in the snow with ease. I feel charming, Oh, so charming It's alarming how charming I feel! And so pretty That I hardly can believe I'm real. She tried to cajole Charlotte into dancing with her, but she just stood there mesmerized, enjoying Lizzy's enchanting routine. See the pretty girl in that mirror there: Who can that attractive girl be? Such a pretty face, Such a pretty dress, Such a pretty smile, Such a pretty me!" She bowed and Charlotte broke in applause raising her fist in the air. "That was awesome Lizzy! With your great beauty, exceptional voice, and superior dancing, it would be a smash hit! I can imagine it now, playing before sellout crowds every night. The one and only, Elizabeth Benes! Maria! Your name flashing with bright lights on the marquee... But you can't and you won't do that. I strictly forbid it! [Spoiler Alert for West Side Story] Because then Darcy, who will play your Tony, will stab to death my boyfriend Robbie who will be your brother Bernardo, and then Wilfred, your Chino, will kill your beloved Darcy/Tony, [End Spoiler Alert] hence, you will suffer all your life and you won't have your Happily Ever After! For that reason alone, you're banned from Broadway, missy!" "Ha, ha, you're such a funny, silly girl," Lizzy sneered, and then she embraced her best friend, "Thank you for this moment. I feel so much better now. Oh, Charlotte, I missed you so bad! You have the uncanny ability of lifting the spirits of everyone around you. I'm sure you'll do miracles with Jane as well. I'm a very selfish girl and I want to keep you with me! Are you sure there's nothing I can say or do that can stop you from marrying Mr. Collins? Please, let me help you. You're only twenty two years old Charlotte, you have so many possibilities. You can quit your job and finish your studies as you once promised me. If you're set on moving to Florida, we have many hotels in that state, we're always looking for very capable people we can trust, you can manage any of them that you choose. I'll do anything you want. If you don't want my help, you can always stay here with us, while you look for a better job. You have so many options to choose from! Please, please, reconsider your decision to marry that…!" "Stop Lizzy! Don't you dare insult Wilfred! Look at me! I want to do this, I will do this! Please, be happy for me. Nothing will dissuade me from my decision. Just as you're absolutely, categorically, dead set against talking about your issues with the father of your future children, I'm asking you not to disparage my fiancée or criticize my decision!" "But you're so young, so independent, so smart and so resourceful! You can do anything you want. Dear Charlotte, the world is your oyster! Your future…" "No buts Lizzy! This is what I want! I need you to be my best friend. Don't you dare argue anymore or I'll leave this place right now and won't come back ever again!" "Ok, sorry, I promise!" "Good, because you'll be my maid of honor and will sing my wedding song, so you'll definitely have to come to my wedding! Jane will be my favorite bridesmaid so she'll be there too! Don't tell Maria I said that!" "Ha! Thanks for the honor! Indeed, I'd never miss your wedding, even if I don't approve…" "Lizzy!" "Sorry, it was a slip of the tongue, it won't happen again. I'll be happy for you. Now, as you can see, there's another issue more pressing. Our dear Jane is absorbed in a serious misery of the worst kind; she's suffering from a severe case of disappointed hopes. I've tried everything but so far have been unsuccessful in trying to ease her pain. You'll know what to do! Please help me!" Two days later, at exactly the very same moment when Darcy began a passionate exchange about her with his mother, Lizzy was arriving at the Georgetown University Library. After spending countless hours researching and writing a two thousand word essay for one of her advanced business classes, her brain was fried. All that time she had been anticipating the mouth-watering meal she was about to enjoy! For it was Charlotte's night to cook and Lizzy loved her food. Tonight, Charlotte had prepared one of Lizzy's favorites: cheesy baked shells with turkey and broccoli, using her top-secret spices and herbs. Lizzy closed her eyes as she was about to take her first bite, when the front door buzzed. "Keep eating Lizzy, I know how much you're going to miss my delicious meals! I'll go see who it is." A few minutes later Charlotte returned with a frown on her face as she said, "You have a visitor." "A visitor for me? This late? Who is it?" "Would you dare hazard a guess? I'm sure you'll fail miserably." "Stop playing Charlotte, who is it?" "Mrs. Darcy!" "Mrs.…!" Lizzy choked on her meal. Charlotte immediately went to her, patted her back and gave her some water. After she recovered, she turned furious. "Do me a big favor Charlotte, go back and tell that lady that I don't have anything to say to her and I don't care about anything she has to say to me! Then throw her out!" She went straight to her room slamming the door hard. 'The nerve of those people! Why can't they leave me alone? I know why that woman's here. She came to warn me to stay away from her superior children! As if there's any doubt! I'll never… Lizzy! Lizzy! Calm yourself! She can't harm you! I'll call dad or Robbie. No, Charlotte will protect me; she'll get rid of her! I need to relax!' She went to her balcony, sat down on her favorite chair and closed her eyes. 'Much better... Relax, relax… Empty your mind… Breathe in... Breathe out... Breathe in... Breathe out… Breathe in…' "Lizzy!" Charlotte interrupted her breathing exercises, "I'm sorry to break your concentration but you have to talk to Mrs. Darcy." "Never! If you're my friend you'll go back and tell that woman to leave me alone because…" "Lizzy! She heard what you said in the kitchen. When I went to her she was in tears! I had to calm her down. I couldn't dismiss her in that state. It would've been cruel! I don't know what she did to you, but she gave me the impression that she's regretting it very badly! Please Lizzy, at least go and hear what she has to say. It's breaking my heart!" Lizzy became agitated, she was very upset, but she wasn't a vicious person. "Oh God! Oh God! What should I do? I don't want to talk to her!" "Lizzy, look at me. Calm down… There, there... Now, listen to me honey, I doubt very much that Mrs. Darcy means to upset you in any way. Judging by her apologetic appearance, it looks like that the opposite is true. Please, I'll stay with you if you want. But you have to hear what she has to say." "Okay Charlotte, but you can't leave me alone with that woman!" "I won't honey, come on now." Meanwhile, less than twenty miles west across the Potomac, in the tranquil suburb of Reston, Virginia, Louisa Hurst was questioning her sister, who had just arrived to spend the night with her. "Caroline, can you please explain to me why Charles remains at Netherfield all alone and why he's not answering his phone?" "I don't know, maybe he's on vacation, he probably wanted to go away for a while. I think he needed some alone time to adjust to the bad news he received, that's all. Before you know it, he'll be back to his old self and eventually he'll fall in love with another angel. I hope this time she's someone more deserving!" "Caroline, what have you done? I refuse to believe those outlandish stories you have related about our friends. Especially about Jane, she's such a sweet girl. It's too much! I can't understand how Charles could be so gullible; what was he thinking? I sincerely hope that Fanny and her daughters were the ones who gave you all that information and it wasn't all a smear campaign orchestrated by you. Because if this is the case, you'll be in a lot of trouble if and when the truth comes out." "You don't trust your own sister?" Caroline replied, feigning mortification, "I swear to you, I didn't make up any stories, their family told me all that. Eliza's a gold-digging shrew who has been after Will since she met him. Her brother made up a fancy job in Wall Street but he's just a mere clerk, or worse, he's may not even be working, who knows what he's up to! You witnessed how shamelessly Charlotte threw herself at that moron just for his money and his connections! And Jane is no better than the others, she's a phony. There's no reason for any of us and the Darcys to associate with those inferior people ever again! I'm sure everyone involved will agree with me." "Caroline, you have been so spoiled all your life; I have to concede that it's mostly our fault. Ever since the passing of our loving but overly permissive parents, Charles and I have kept on indulging you so much that we haven't allowed you to learn from your mistakes. You've never been expected to be responsible for your actions. But I think this time you may have gone too far! If you've being dishonest, and in spite of all your efforts to hide them, the true facts eventually come out, and they're not as you described them, you'll be in a lot of trouble! Not only have you sullied the characters and reputations of perhaps some innocent people, but most importantly, you have exposed your own brother to the censure of our friends for his inconstancy. I can't answer for Charles; although I think this time he won't be predisposed in your favor. I promise that I won't help you either. It'll be for your own good." "You're my sister!" a pallid Caroline countered, "You're supposed to be loyal to me no matter what! You can't take sides with those lowlifes! Please, Louisa, all I need from you is to help me keep Charles away from Jane. I already have all the Darcys lined up with me; they definitely won't associate with Eliza and her minions anymore. They are a very proud, distinguished family who care too much for appearances and are very discriminating with the connections they keep. I'm convinced they won't give a second thought to that upstart and her duplicitous brother! Before you know it those low-class people will be forgotten and then it won't matter if what I related is true or false." "What about the wedding?" asked Luisa, "Did you forget that we were invited as well? I was looking forward to that week in the sun! We're guaranteed to see all of them there!" "We're not going to Florida! Charles definitely won't go, so we must support our brother and abstain as well. I dropped a hint to my dear Mrs. Darcy that she should warn her sister about those disgusting bloodsuckers! She'll follow through. You know how much she dotes on me. You'll see, I guarantee that there will be no wedding!" "Oh no, sister!" Would it be safe to assume that notwithstanding their long association, Caroline didn't know the Darcys as well as she claimed she did?
A/N Poor Lizzy, she wrote a 2000 page essay in one day! Can you imagine? Thanks for pointing that out. She's just exceptional, not super! I have a confession, this was part of the previous chapter, but it grew so big that I had to cut it in half! This is the only reason this chapter was completed so soon. Here's the story. Enjoy. Chapter 21 - She Was so Young, so Innocent, so Trusting Her best friend's presence gave our heroine the reassurance she needed to confront the aristocratic lady. Before she would send her packing, she was going to give that woman a piece of her mind! 'I won't be deceived by her insincere tears.' As she was walking, she silently repeated her rallying cry, 'My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate me.' When Lizzy and Charlotte arrived at the living room, they found Mrs. Darcy staring at the pictures on the wall. One of them, a portrait of Lizzy's mother, had captured her attention so deeply that she startled when Charlotte called her name. "Pardon me; I seemed to have experienced some sort of involuntary flashback. I believe I've seen that lovely lady before, although, I can't recollect any details. Is that your late mother?" "Yes," Lizzy replied curtly, "Considering that she probably didn't move in the same social spheres as yours, I doubt very much that you would've ever lowered yourself to get to know my mom, or even to acknowledge her had she been in your presence." The force of Lizzy's rebuke stung Mrs. Darcy. She was about to give that impertinent girl a well-deserved put-down, when she remembered the reason why she was there. No one ever had had the audacity to talk to her that way. Instead of becoming angry, she began to feel some kind of respect bordering on admiration for her. There was something about that young lady; apparently she wasn't one to mince words! She was beginning to understand why her children were so much taken with Elizabeth Benes. Her darling daughter wished her to be the sister she always wanted, while her son… no, that wasn't for her to be concerned with. Her immediate purpose was to try to rectify the injustice she had unwittingly done to her. "Please Elizabeth, I know how you must feel, would you accept my apology? I'm afraid I might have made an unfortunate mistake." "I accept your apology; now please feel free to go home, I have nothing else to say to you." Lizzy turned to leave, but then quickly pivoted back. "Before you go, I'm afraid I lied; I have one more thing to tell you. You don't have to worry about me or Robbie trying to contact anyone in your family ever again, you are all safe from us!" "Please Elizabeth, I understand how you must be feeling, can you please let me explain to you why I did what I did?" "You say you understand how I feel?" Lizzy pointed at her, her tears immediately began to flow uncontrollably, but by now she was too emotionally invested to stop them. "You understand how I feel? How could you understand me? I've never… I've never felt so degraded in my entire life! Have you ever felt that, just because they think you're inferior or different, that you're to be treated as a pariah? That you're to be avoided as if you have the plague, or you're a leper? Or worse yet, that you're a corrupting influence? How could you, the superior, the eminent Mrs. Darcy understand that? Oh, Charlotte!" The whole room dissolved into tears. Charlotte embraced Lizzy while Mrs. Darcy was feeling all the weight of her injustice. They were all rendered speechless by their strong emotions. After a while it was Charlotte, still attempting to understand the meaning of what was said so far, who finally spoke. "Mrs. Darcy, with all due respect, I believe Lizzy's right, there's no way you can understand what she's feeling. For the sake of civility, would you please abstain from repeating that affirmation? Lizzy, whatever grievance you may have against her, it's pretty clear that Mrs. Darcy is feeling regretful and is trying to extend an olive branch to you. With that in mind, will you both please try one more time?" Charlotte's speech induced Lizzy to regain some of her composure. Mrs. Darcy on the other hand, was disconcerted. She wondered how that insightful lady standing in front of her could be the same unscrupulous girl who accepted Mr. Collins' marriage proposal on the same night when he had been frustrated so publicly by Elizabeth's brother. 'Why would she…? That doesn't matter now, does it? Actually, she's absolutely right! She's so mature! Wonders will never cease!' "I'm going to try again. Elizabeth, I'm deeply sorry for my unreasonable and unwarranted attempt to remove you from my daughter's life…" "Ooh!" Charlotte couldn't help but gasp in astonishment, appalled by the implication of what she had just heard. "Forgive my outburst, please go on." Mrs. Darcy continued, "There was a very powerful reason which compelled me to act as I did. If you would agree to listen to me, I'm willing to explain, but I need to talk to you alone, in the strictest confidence." "Charlotte is my closest friend," Lizzy responded resolutely, "I have no secrets from her. Anything you have to say, if you can't say it in front of her, I don't want to hear it. She stays!" "Please Elizabeth, I'm about to reveal very sensitive information about my family, can we have a private conversation?" Lizzy was reluctant. "I'd rather not hear anything about your family…" "Lizzy!" Charlotte interjected, pleased with the turn of the events. The significance of Mrs. Darcy's willingness to share intimate details about her family with Lizzy was monumental! "I think Mrs. Darcy is in earnest about her purpose for coming here tonight. Anyhow, I'm supposed to pick up Jane in a few minutes. I'll leave you two alone for half an hour." Looking at Lizzy very intently, she continued, "Can you please make an effort to reach an understanding agreeable to both of you?" "But Charlotte, you promised you wouldn't leave me alone! I'll accompany you to pick up Jane. Sorry Mrs. Darcy, we have to go." "No Lizzy," Charlotte stopped her, "I didn't exactly promise, I only said I would in order to provide moral support for you, which you don't need anymore. Please Lizzy, stay here and listen to Mrs. Darcy, consider the great effort she's making to mend the broken bridge that exists between both of you. At least give her that." After Charlotte left, the two ladies remained standing, both awkwardly looking at the floor. Mrs. Darcy finally broke the uncomfortable silence. "Georgie told me she gave you an account of her involvement with George Wickham. I want to thank you for keeping this embarrassing affair secret from..." Lizzy immediately interrupted her, "You don't have to thank me. I don't know what kind of person you think I am; I would never betray a friend's confidence." "You're getting the wrong impression about me, Elizabeth. I only wanted to express my gratitude. Anyone else with that much potentially damaging information could have used it for her personal gain to…" Lizzy was offended. "Why are you saying such insulting words? Please stop adding fuel to the fire. You already know my feelings in that respect. You have to desist." "Sorry, I can see now that you really are an exceptional young lady, I'm beginning to understand why…" "Mrs. Darcy, I would appreciate if you could avoid bestowing unnecessary compliments." "Right... What Georgie didn't tell you, because she doesn't know the details, was about a circumstance which caused me a great deal of anguish and fear. It took a long time for me to recover from that horrendous ordeal. Please don't tell her this…" "Mrs. Darcy, if the information you want to share is too painful or too personal, you don't have to give me the details, a general idea could suffice." "No Elizabeth, I implicitly trust you. The more I learn from you, the more I realize how abominably I've misjudged your character. Would you please allow me to get this off my chest? These oppressive feelings have been troubling me for a long time. It may do this old lady some good to share them with someone else." "By all means, please proceed." "That ungrateful, cruel man, whom my late husband used to call son, had plotted an evil scheme. He began by filling Georgie's mind with absurd notions about love and romance. His machinations reached a peak when he finally persuaded her to run away with him and get married. She was so young, so innocent, so trusting. To her, it was all an idyllic adventure. You know the rest. But there's something else that was kept from Georgie because it was too vicious for her delicate sensibilities. That monster had planned to take my baby, do horrible and unspeakable things to her while taking pictures and videos. Then he was going to return my broken daughter and blackmail and extort us under the threat of exposing her! Had it not been for her unshakable trust in her devoted brother, who, with the assistance of my nephew acted expeditiously to frustrate his plans, it would've been such a horrible nightmare! Every time I imagine the agony my poor baby would have suffered…" She couldn't continue as she began to sob uncontrollably. All of Lizzy's animosity was forgotten at that moment. She went straight to Mrs. Darcy with her arms extended, providing a shoulder to cry on. They remained together, one crying, the other comforting, until Mrs. Darcy calmed down and was able to continue. "After that traumatic experience, I have been emotionally scarred for life! When I heard some negative rumors about you, I immediately assumed the worst, acting boldly, as a lioness protecting her offspring. I abandoned reason and sense, willfully overlooking the fact that ever since you've known each other, your conduct has been exemplary, that you have become my daughter's closest confidant, her most dependable and loyal friend. More than a friend, you have unwittingly become the sister she always wanted. I should have listened to reason. I know of everything you've done for Georgiana, your good advice, your comforting presence, the way you're helping restore her confidence; more importantly, you're an excellent role model for my precious daughter. I don't want your friendship with her to end, she needs you. If you can't forgive me, please don't penalize my baby, she's been so distraught after missing her best friend." Lizzy felt disappointed when she considered how Mr. Darcy would so readily believe any harmful gossip about her. So much so that he didn't hesitate to persuade his mother into acting as she did, rather than trying to find out the veracity of the rumors. Had he been half as interested in her as he claimed, he could have found out everything about her by now. Her life wasn't so secret; it wasn't as if her entire family was hiding under a rock! Granted, he probably wouldn't be able to find their connection to their father's business with a simple internet search; her father was a little paranoid about that. But Mr. Darcy was a man of unlimited resources. She wouldn't have faulted him had he used any means to find the truth. As a matter of fact, at the beginning of their dance at the Smithsonian, Charlotte would have been proud to know that Lizzy was seriously considering coming clean about her status to Mr. Darcy. Not anymore! He decided for her by choosing a different path. In all fairness, she couldn't condemn Mrs. Darcy for acting as a protective mother should. All the blame laid entirely on her son! She decided not to dwell on that man, he wasn't worth it. She was happy to have her good friend back, who stood by her through thick and thin. Now that Charlotte was going to be lost to her, and when Charles returned, Jane would be pretty much too, she needed a good friend with common interests. Georgiana could fill that role to perfection, even if she was his sister. They could share good times without having to see him or go to his house. Lizzy's nature was such that she wasn't in the habit of worrying unnecessarily over unavoidable evils. Now that the most distressing experience of her life had concluded, she was overjoyed. No more sadness for her! "I've been missing Georgie too. Actually, she owes me a big one! A few days ago, we were supposed to go to a concert to enjoy a performance of my favorite pianist ever, but I missed her." "I'm so sorry Elizabeth, it was my entire fault." "Did she go to the concert?" Lizzy asked with some hesitancy. "No, she was very disappointed. Now I feel so guilty." "I've got great news!" Lizzy exclaimed with an infectious grin, "Miss Fedorova is having an encore presentation this Saturday night with the NSO at Kennedy Center, and I have two great tickets! Charlotte was supposed to come with me, but I know she'll gladly give up her seat. She was only coming to keep me company; as she had warned me that she was probably going to sleep during the whole concerto, which would have upset me so much! Georgie will enjoy it as much as I! Let's plan on surprising her! This is going to be so much fun!" Mrs. Darcy was gratified to realize how that amazing girl not only seemed to have forgiven her; she was already thinking of Georgiana's happiness! Elizabeth Benes was demonstrating a level of maturity way beyond her age. Her liveliness and cheerfulness were so refreshing. 'She's the perfect match for my William! Even if it may hurt my efforts to make amends with her, she has to know about my son's pivotal role in bringing me here! I have to describe to her that enlightening conversation we had this morning in my conservatory. I hope she forgives me.' "Elizabeth, you are a remarkable young lady! Can we talk about the issue that brought me here originally?" "Please Mrs. Darcy, let's not. These past few days have been an extremely trying time for me and I have no wish to revisit any of it. I promise I will treat Georgie as a sister; I have no ulterior motives or hidden agendas, just pure friendship. All your secrets are safe with me; we don't have to talk about this ever again. I have an idea of how we're going to surprise Georgie…" When Charlotte returned to the apartment with Jane, she was amazed to behold the vision presented before her eyes. The two formerly belligerent ladies were now sitting together at the table, eating the meal she had prepared, laughing out loud, and scheming like a pair of mischievous girls. Charles Bingley returned to work from his self-imposed isolation at Netherfield in a cold and gloomy winter morning, heavy with freezing rain. His disheveled appearance and sallow complexion rivaled the somber weather in wretchedness. He alleged that he had been sick, but the reality was that he was suffering from a broken heart. Everyone at the office accepted his explanation with the exception of his CEO, who knew better. Since the night of Caroline's willful deception, they hadn't had a single conversation about the events at the party or about Caroline's statements. In fact, since Charles' strong rebuke that unforgettable Saturday at the Tysons Galleria mall when they met Jane and her friends, Darcy hadn't expressed a single negative remark about her to Charles or to anyone, let alone attempt to separate them. Needless to say, Lizzy wasn't aware of this little detail, although, had she been told, she mightn't have been inclined to accept the truth, such an obstinate girl our Lizzy was! He was in the process of thinning out his crowded inbox, when he got a buzz from his assistant. "Charles, you have another call from an Elizabeth Benes, she has been calling all week, claiming it's a pressing matter, shall I put her through?" Charles hesitated for a few seconds, but his first thoughts were of Jane. 'Something bad happened to my Jane! I know it!' "Lizzy, is everyone alright? What's the problem? Is it an emergency? Please talk to me!" "There's no emergency," Lizzy chuckled, and then she turned serious, "Before you hang up, please listen to me for one second. As the decent, kindhearted person I know you are, I appeal to you to give me an audience. All I ask is an hour of your time. I promise it'll be just the two of us, in the strictest confidence. After we have our talk, I solemnly swear never to bother you again. Can we meet for lunch someday this week?" Charles was a bit reluctant at first, but he agreed to see Lizzy. His emotions were strained and on the verge of disintegrating. He wanted so much to hear from Jane, he knew he couldn't see her because he couldn't trust himself had he dared approach her. This would have to do, at least he could hear about her without placing himself in danger. At his insistence, they met that very same day at Leo's Dining Hall, inside Georgetown University. The moment she caught sight of Charles' pitiable condition, Lizzy forgot the speech she had so carefully prepared with Charlotte's valuable inputs. She immediately blurted out, "It won't do! Jane's an emotional wreck and judging by your appearance, you don't seem to be faring any better. That's intolerable! How can you explain this sudden, or should I say, surprising change of heart towards Jane?" Charles felt so depressed and hopeless that at that moment something snapped inside his soul. He decided to unburden himself. He went on to repeat all of Caroline's charges without regard to the wounds he was inflicting. When he finished, he felt much better, leaving Lizzy seething. As he was listening to himself this time, he felt embarrassed for having believed his sister so thoroughly. It all sounded so absurd now, especially the allegations against his Jane, sweet, innocent Jane. After her trials and tribulations with the Darcys, Lizzy wanted to forget everything about those people, including the rumors circulating against her. Georgiana wanted to tell her, but Lizzy emphatically requested to her friend not to mention anything about the sad experience they had gone thru, or the people involved. When Charles began his narrative though, she couldn't stop him; her curiosity finally overcame her determination. Wrong choice! She ended up feeling like exploding from rage. But she had a mission. And in order to achieve her goal, her pride had to be kicked to the curb, at least for the time being. "Charles," she began, summoning the best composure she could manage. "After hearing your account, I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart for meeting with me. I must appear to you as the most dishonest reprobate, and yet you agreed to see me, and you fully communicated all the particulars, as offensive as they are, especially to me." "Sorry Lizzy, I just had to release all my emotions. You unintentionally became the victim of my own personal catharsis. Although in a way this can be a good thing. I honestly like you very much, therefore, I felt you needed to hear all of it, so you can be prepared to defend yourself if you ever need or want to." She exhaled and bit her lower lip in her usual manner. "Well, let's begin with the most important and most obvious rebuttal of your sister's allegations. Do you really believe that Jane is a fortune hunter? That she would call you names? That's preposterous! Jane is an angel, inside and outside. I give you my word, she loves you very much and she's agonizing over your unexplained absence! Although, on second thought, my word may not amount to anything if you believe your friends!" "No Lizzy, I know you're telling the truth. I shouldn't have doubted my Jane, I feel so ashamed now. To even imagine her boast about anything, it's inconceivable! In retrospect, I think I acted like a petulant child when denied a treat. I was upset with Jane because…the night of the party we had a… a sort of disagreement, and I kind of overreacted. Then, when Caroline told us those nasty stories about all of you, my mind went into overdrive and I became irrational." She sighed, nodding her head in disappointment. She had to make a big effort to stay focused. "I know all the details about your disagreement with her. Please understand this, Jane loves you very much, but she's not ready for..." she paused, blushed, and then went on with great intrepidity, "If you want to base your relationship with Jane on your libido, then I don't want you to talk to her ever again because you're not worthy of her!" "No Lizzy, you're right, I love her so much and I'm willing to wait for as long as I have to. You have to believe me, I wanted to talk to her and have everything in the open. I've been a coward hiding behind my self-inflicted pain. I know Jane will never trust me again. She probably thinks I'm a libertine. She must hate me by now." "She should hate you! I would! Without any consideration to anything you might've heard about Jane, don't you know her by now? Don't you know her heart? How can you think that about her? Shame on you for even giving a consideration to those vicious lies from that spiteful woman!" "I know it Lizzy; I know it and I lost her forever!" "No Charles! You're so lucky that Jane is not as unforgiving as me. She's way more charitable and lenient, she's really an angel! So, you may have a chance with her. Besides, if I'm being completely honest, it's impossible to hate you, because despite being so clueless, I know that you have a kind and generous nature. Also, there's no doubt that you and Jane belong together. You're both so compatible! So, I suggest that you don't abandon hope. If I was you I'd start groveling as soon as I could!" "Thank you, Lizzy, for your vote of confidence and excellent advise. You're a real friend! Don't you worry; I'm going to start right now, so if you excuse me…" "Please don't leave yet, you have to allow me to defend myself against the malicious offenses your sister laid at my door." "Absolutely, where do you want to begin?" "Let's start with Robbie. Your sister told you he's nothing more than a clerk or worse, an unemployed rogue. That's so easy to clear." She removed her tablet from her backpack, opened a browser, and navigated to the main website of Merrill Lynch. She found a financial article, a case study on business process optimization written by RT Grafals, Senior Investment Officer at Merrill Lynch Private Banking and Investment Group. The article included a picture of a smiling Robbie. "I'm confused Lizzy, I thought Robbie was your full brother. He's not a Benes?" "He is my full brother! It's a long story. To summarize, Robbie ran away from our home at 17, just after he graduated from high school. Our father wanted him to remain in Puerto Rico with us to assist him with our… our store. But Robbie had other ideas; he had a plan, to which my father was adamantly opposed. Robbie went to New York City, shortened his name to RT and changed his last name to evade the private investigator he knew my father would hire to bring him back home. That wasn't a clever move on his part since he used our mother's last name. My father found him almost immediately, but my mother wouldn't let him force Robbie to return. Robbie kept his alias as an act of defiance against my father. A couple of years later my mother effected a heartfelt reconciliation between them. After he'd made peace with my father, Robbie was going to change his name back, but by then he was known as RT Grafals by all his associates and clients, the name had already caught on. My father wasn't happy but he understood, it was a business decision. This is the latest article Robbie has written for the firm. He's truly a financial wizard." Lizzy touched his photo and a new page opened up with another photo of Robbie accompanied by a small biography dated a month before. …RT, better known as Roberto Tomás Benes Grafals, began his meteoric career with Merrill Lynch as a 17 year old apprentice just after his High School graduation from his native Puerto Rico. Concurrently with his outstanding performance in our company, he has earned a Bachelor's degree and a Master's degree in Business Administration and is now completing a Doctoral degree in Statistics, all at the prestigious New York University's Leonard N. Stern School of Business. At the young age of 25, with almost eight years of experience with our company, RT has become a valuable asset in the field of business...' "Robbie's always so busy, with his job and his classes, but he always makes time for me and my dad. Is this enough to clear my brother?" "It's more than enough. I wish we had someone like him in our company! Please, Lizzy. You don't have to continue." "No Charles, you have to allow me the satisfaction of clearing my father's reputation." She opened her personal bank's website that contained her account information. She told him this was an account her father had set up for her to cover her school expenses, which she never expended fully. The balance was in the high six figures. "You didn't have to show me this Lizzy. I'm sure Caroline or your relations perpetrated a cruel deception." "I just wanted to address your sister's statements about my impending bankruptcy and my father's store. As you can see, my dad's 'little shop' is very prosperous and very well managed. He's more than capable to support my studies and my current lifestyle for as long as I want. I'm not hunting for a rich husband or any husband at all; I'd never debase myself so pathetically! When I'm ready, which I may not be for years, I'll only marry for the deepest love! As of recently, I've been playing with the idea of applying to a law school in New York or Puerto Rico to be closer to Robbie or my dad. I'm fed up with some of the people here." "Please don't change your plans for anyone. Lizzy, as Jane's best friend, you are my best friend as well. I would hate to see others' ill intentions affect you in any way, especially my own sister's. I promise I'll defend you decisively! I'll set my sister straight!" "Thank you Charles. I don't care about your sister's opinion or anyone else's. I only care about yours. That's the only reason I gave you this information. I don't think I'll change my plans, but I'm going to apply to other law schools just in case. I'm not sure what did Fanny and Lydia tell your sister, but I know they couldn't be as malicious as to attempt to ruin Robbie's and my reputations, that was your entire sister's doing. As for Jane, you'll have to deal with that. While I'd prefer not to be associated with your sister, I'll tolerate her for Jane's and for your sake. Please keep her as far away from me as possible." "I'm so sorry Lizzy, I wish Caroline was a better person. Louisa and I, we've tried to make her change her selfish ways, but it's almost impossible, we're at our wit's end with her. Especially when it has to do with Will Darcy, she thinks he's her property and she'll stop at nothing in order to keep him away from potential rivals. Regrettably, she sees you as the biggest obstacle to her happiness, due to Will's increased attentions towards you. Despite the fact that he has repeatedly told her he'll never be romantically involved with her, she won't relent!" "I don't have any designs on that man! She can have him all to herself! Actually, I think they deserve each other!" "Lizzy, you're quite mistaken. I love my sister very much, but I know her shortcomings. She's very conceited and self-serving. Believe me; she'll pay for what she has done. But Will is nothing like her. He's a very generous man, and also very kind, he takes good care of those he loves. You should see the way he dotes on his sister." "Yes, I quite figured that out." She interposed sardonically. "I agree," he didn't catch the sarcasm in her remark. "I can safely predict that the lady he chooses to spend his life with will be very lucky! Now that we mention Will, I haven't…" "I don't want to hear anything else about your friend. Thank you very much for talking to me. You have a hard road ahead of you with Jane. Now I have to go to my class. Goodbye and good luck." As she was talking, she betrayed a feeling that was immediately clear to Charles. It was a mixture of sadness combined with disappointment. He remembered the expression of sheer devastation on Will's face the last time they saw each other in his house. 'This is an interesting development. Now I feel so much better! Assuming, and I'm 99% certain, that Lizzy is the love of Will's life, if, as she said, my road ahead with Jane seems difficult, Will's will be almost impossible to traverse! They seemed so affectionate with each other at the party; I wonder what Will did this time? Could it be Caroline's fault? Oh no! Does she blame Will?' He ran after her. "Lizzy wait, please tell me what happened with Will. He's…" "No thank you, goodbye Charles." Charles began his ingratiating mission without delay, and he went all out. That same night, Jane received three dozen roses. Each delicate bouquet wrapped in decorative paper contained a card with a number and a single letter. The colorful bouquets kept multiplying until there were so many that the apartment began to take the appearance and fragrance of a flower shop. Since Jane declared that she wanted to throw away 'all those meaningless shrubs along with their childish messages' without ceremony, practical Charlotte found the perfect use for them. After all the numbered cards were carefully stored in a safe place, a large van was rented by a most willing volunteer to take all the flowers to Lizzy's OWYP high school class where they would have an 'Arts and Crafts Rose Galore day'. The night before the flowers were removed from the apartment, on a cloak-and-dagger midnight operation, Jane broke into the enemy line, stole a single red rose, and kept it in her room as a POW.
A/N - I listened to your comments and added this chapter just for you. As I said before, this book is already written… who am I kidding, I'll keep changing it as I go, although basically the structure of the story will not change, only some nuances and smaller details, like this chapter. There are two unlikely heroes here, and a good ol' friend is making a cameo appearance! Today is my sophomore baby's 20th birthday! Happy birthday baby! I'm going to have to stop calling her baby one of these days, maybe when she's 50… As always, please forgive all my errors and hope you enjoy reading as much as I did writing it. Chapter 22 - When I Become Mrs. Caroline Darcy By some cruel twist of fate, the renowned explorer had become disoriented in the midst of that vast frozen tundra. The steadily falling snow reached up to her knees, increasing the exertion with every footstep she took. The howling wind carried grim messages of despair. There were myriad dangers lurking everywhere, but the explorer continued her critical expedition, undaunted by the perils. At long last, after a prolonged and bitter struggle, the destination was in sight. Before proceeding with her quest, the explorer surveyed the horizon for potential threats. The coast was clear. She bent down, reached deep under the snow where she promptly found a ceramic plate. She wiped it with her gloved hand, laid it softly on top of the snow, deposited the entire contents of her pouch, and stuffed the pouch in her coat pocket. Success! She was carefully retracing her steps when a sudden familiar purring sound interrupted her colorful imagination. When she set eyes on the creature, she gasped in astonishment! 'That can't be Mrs. Confident! She looks as if she gained weight! Am I responsible for this? I think I should stop indulging her sweet tooth and start bringing her lean snacks. Look at her, she's walking funny! Why is she moving in such a peculiar manner? Wait... Oh, no…! Oh, yes! She's having a baby! No…! She's having babies! What wonderful news!' She kept walking backwards, while whispering to her favorite raccoon, "From now on it'll be just fruits and vegetables for you my pregnant friend. You better name one of your babies after me. They're going to be so cute." This was going to be a busy Saturday. On her way back to the apartment, Lizzy was thinking of tonight's concert, anticipating the surprise she was going to give Georgie, when she suddenly spotted a large rental van making its way to the visitors lot. It was such a funny picture; the passenger was smiling from ear to ear while the driver seemed to be very uncomfortable. Charlotte came out of the van blurting out, "He's more nervous than a man with a comb-over selling fans, and a tiny nun at a penguin shoot!" Lizzy laughed so hard she fell on the snow. Inside, in the apartment, Jane was still wearing her winter thick fleece pajamas. She was enjoying a freshly brewed cup of mocha coffee along with a delicious apple strudel Lizzy had brought earlier. With no makeup, her untamed long blonde hair flowing freely, and her stunning blue eyes complemented by a satisfied smile, she looked as unattractive as Cinderella at the ball. There was plenty of work to do at the office, but this Saturday she had planned a day of laziness and self-indulgence at the mall. No amount of pleading from her friends could convince her to participate in the 'silly rose galore squandering of valuable time and effort', as she had called it. That vehement speech, coming from Jane, was as likely an insult as one can hurl. So, her friends left her to her own devices. Or not. When they opened the apartment door, they introduced their assistant. Charlotte declared, in a mischievous manner. "Jane, this is our manual laborer for today. Since this guy's responsible for the entire 'silly rose galore' in our apartment, he volunteered to help us, as penance for his misdeeds." The man removed his long hooded parka and snow mask, revealing an apprehensive, anxious looking, and handsome red-headed construction worker fashioned after a cheerleader. He was wearing Georgetown Hoyas embroidered baseball cap, Cadet grey sweatshirt, Prussian blue jeans, and matching two-color sneakers. Jane almost spilled the coffee and dropped the pastry. Her immediate reaction was to chuckle. Then she wanted to flee, but when she noticed the penitent expression and look of eagerness in his eyes, like a little boy pleading for mercy after he had broken his mother's favorite glass ornament, she couldn't resist and began to laugh hysterically. Everyone in the room joined in her laughter. When she was done laughing and focused again, she realized she had been left alone with Charles. Jane didn't change her plans for the day. Absolutely not! She dismissed him without saying a word! She had more self-respect than to allow him to use her at his whim! She made him suffer, but not for long. After a few days of serious conversations about inconstancy and fickleness, of romantic entreaties, and of heavy supplication and groveling, they were again inseparable. But not before she obtained a make-or-break concession from him. He would never pressure her. When, and if she was ready -and that was a big if- he would, in all probability, assuming they were still together, be the first one to know. She also received an unexpected bonus when Charles told her that Caroline was moving out of state. This was accomplished in the following manner. "Where's Caroline?" exclaimed an exasperated Charles, "I thought she would be here by now!" "You know she's always late," Louisa responded, "Why would it surprise you? "Because I told her I wanted to discuss an urgent family matter!" "You know very well that what you say doesn't make a difference to her. She doesn't respect you, always treating you as if you're..." "Stop right there my love," James interrupted the conversation between the siblings, "Caroline treats you just as bad! You're as much at fault as your brother for nurturing the egocentric, spoiled brat who is your younger sister!" "This is not your problem so you better shut up now!" Louisa and Charles screamed at unison! "No way!" James shouted back, "I won't be silent anymore! I'm sick of it all! Let me be clear about this. Charles, apart from being my brother-in-law, you're my closest friend and I love you very much. Louisa, we're starting a family and I want my children raised in a loving, respectful, and positive environment. It's impossible to achieve this goal with Caroline on the loose among us. I don't blame you both for being the way you are with her. Out of a misplaced sense of duty, or perhaps pity, after the passing of your parents, you have perpetuated their over-indulgent practices rather than confronting Caroline to stop her egotistical and negative behavior. She has developed such a conniving personality! It's due time to put an end to her reign of terror! You both need my assistance as it's obvious you can't do it on your own. I'll need your full support to implement my plan. If you don't let me help, I can safely promise two things will happen! First, you'll lose your own souls. Second, this isn't a threat but a reality; you're going to lose me as well, very soon! Because I won't stand one more second seeing how the two of you are always kowtowing to..." He couldn't continue because at that very moment he received the shock of a lifetime! Louisa and Charles rushed to his side and embraced him. They both gave him a long kiss on each cheek! And that's how Caroline found them when she made her fashionably late entrance. "What's going on here? What's the meaning of that embarrassing display? I'm glad we're alone. Please stop or I'll leave immediately! You're disgusting!" Charles reacted promptly. "That display, my dear sister, is an example of true affection between loving family members. I know you're not familiar with these kinds of expressions, you should try it sometime. It could change your life!" "I would never stoop so low..." "Caroline!" he interrupted her, not wanting to lose the impetus he had generated. He pointed at the chair and commanded, "Sit down and listen to me!" That was a first for Charles! He had a look of determination she hadn't seen in a long time. Instinctively, she sat down. "I'll begin by giving you the good news that I'm making some progress with Jane. She hasn't forgiven me yet, but at least she's taking my calls. We're having long conversations..." "Are you crazy Charles? Why would you demean yourself so low? After everything I told you about her? Louisa, please help me make my foolish brother understand…" "Caroline! Let me be clear on this. You're a liar and your lies will stop tonight!" "I'm your sister! Are you going to believe some stranger over your own flesh and blood? I swear it was Fanny who told me about Jane's two-faced dealings. Her two daughters confirmed her allegation; even Mr. Collins said he overheard Jane calling you…" "Stop! You're digging a deeper hole for yourself. I don't believe you at all. Your credibility has sunk to an all-time low. You purposely set up to destroy all my happiness. But you failed miserably, how could you, my own sister? Although to tell you the truth, it doesn't matter. I don't care anymore about your selfish motives! The reason we're having this family meeting tonight is because I've come to an important decision. I'm not talking care of you any longer. You're not welcome in my house. I'm releasing to you the two million dollars our parents left you in their will. That should be more than enough to sustain you until you find another source of income. From now on you're on your own. I'll give you two weeks to move out of my apartment. In the meantime I'm staying at a hotel. I prefer to keep my distance." Caroline began to cry. "I don't want to be alone. Why are you being so cruel to me? I'm always looking out for you, always putting you first. What are you going to do without me? You need me!" "Believe me sister, I don't need you. More importantly, I can't afford any more of your interfering in my personal affairs! I'm not so cruel; this will benefit you as well. You need to be your own person. I love you and I wouldn't want to part from you, but you have caused too many problems for me. It's time for you to be out of my life!" She was now crying buckets. "Please brother, I don't want to be on my own, I promise I'll change. I'm sorry for what I said about Jane, she's a good girl. I'm sorry I lied. I'll apologize to her. I know she'll forgive me, she's an angel. I'm sorry. I won't interfere anymore, I'll be good. I promise I won't let you down. Give me one more chance, please Charles. I don't want to be alone. Please, please! I beg you!" Caroline's melodramatic, emotional entreaties proved too much for Charles. He couldn't stand seeing his baby sister wail with so much pain, it was breaking his heart. As much as he resented her at that moment, it wasn't in his nature to be unforgiving. "Would you… Would you apologize to Jane? Do you promise not to cause any more trouble for me? Do you really promise…?" "No Charles!" James objected firmly, "You can't back down now! She's manipulating you again with those fake tears and false promises!" "You shut the (expletive) up!" Caroline screamed at the top of her lungs, "Nobody cares about your (expletive) opinion! Go hide in your room as you always do! This is a Bingley family affair and as you're not one of us you're not invited to participate!" "Yes he is!" the two older siblings exclaimed. Louisa continued, "James is as much a part of this family as you are and his opinion matters to me and to Charles. So you better let him speak or you're going to leave this house right now! One more thing, control your loose tongue!" "Louisa please, I'm your baby sister. You're supposed to protect me. He's nothing to us, he's just..." "I'm her husband!" James proclaimed loudly, "And Charles' brother! I'm tired of seeing how you hold sway over your siblings, controlling them like puppets on a string. You have become a thorn in our lives and I won't sit idly by anymore! You have to start living your own life and stop ruining everyone else's!" "Where would I go, what would I do? I'd be lost without you." She gave her siblings those ultra-effective, ever-disarming, insidious puppy-dog eyes. Charles and Louisa entered immediately into a state of hypnosis; an opportune proclamation by James broke the spell. "You'll make your dreams come true!" "What dreams?" all three siblings shouted in unison. He now had their undivided attention. James continued, "I've heard you boast so much about how great you could be as a fashion designer, or a fashionista. It's about time you back up your claims! Here's my proposal. You'll begin to realize your dreams in New York City. We'll even help you settle down. My mother is willing to take you for as long as you want. She has a few good contacts in the fashion industry there. They can easily set you up for starters. The rest is up to you." Caroline was affronted. "How dare you tell me what to do? Charles, Louisa, are you going to stand there and allow this tyrant to abuse your little sister? I'm not a lowly, ordinary person that has to work for a living! I belong to a superior society, I'm a proud Bingley. Before long, when I become Mrs. Caroline Darcy, I will…." "That will never happen!" Charles bellowed, "Which brings me to the most dishonest, destructive, bold-faced lie you told us that night. I've discovered, with the most irrefutable evidence, that Lizzy's father is wealthy enough to support her in her current style, which by the way, she deserves more than most, without the need for any handouts from anyone! Likewise, Robbie's a full-fledged established Wall Street banker at Merrill Lynch and is working on his PhD! It's amazing what he has accomplished at such a young age! Consequently, there's no bankruptcy looming ahead and no shameless hunting for wealthy husbands and wives!" "I'm not the one who said that, it was..." "Save it Caroline! Don't bother telling me it was Fanny or her daughters or anyone else who gave you those two last pieces of information, it'll be another big fat lie coming from you! Now, going back to your previous statement, even if we could take Lizzy out of the picture, Will Darcy will never marry you! He has told you that countless times! You may have succeeded in separating Will from Lizzy. I don't know if she'll ever forgive him for the deliberate slight against her, caused by you of course, but you are history with the Darcys!" "You're mistaken Charles, even if they have some money, they're still a bunch of inferior, low-class social climbers. I dare say the Darcys are grateful for my assistance in separating them from their lives. I might call my dear Ann tonight, I haven't heard from her in a while." Charles had an evil grin on his face. "I'd advise you to reconsider calling your dear Ann. There's one more detail that I haven't mentioned. It seems you don't know the Darcys as well as you claim you do, especially your dear Ann! Yes, Mrs. Ann Darcy went to Lizzy's apartment the other night, to apologize for the pain she had caused her. Wait, that's not all. Not only did she allow Lizzy to keep her friendship with Georgie, she begged her to take her precious daughter back under her wing. Did you hear me, Caroline? Mrs. Darcy actually begged Lizzy! That's how much she thinks of her! What's more, last Saturday night Georgie stayed at Lizzy's! Can you begin to comprehend the significance of this fact? When has she been allowed to stay with you overnight? Never! It seems the Darcys aren't very happy with you at the present time. I suggest you don't try to contact them. You may not fare very well if you do." "What I'm going to do?" she began to cry again. This time her tears were real. She knew she had lost. "Caroline," James replied, this time there was softness on his expression, "We'll support you, we won't leave you alone. All you have to do is find your own way. My mother is eager to have you. As a matter of fact; she's looking forward to helping you out. You'll live in style, as you're accustomed, in our luxurious apartment, right in the heart of the fashion district, in Midtown Manhattan, the focal point for fashion design in the whole wide world! Go on and make your own mark in that industry. Follow your dreams! We know you'll succeed. Make us proud!" Let's go back to the previous Saturday, sometime during the early evening. The view from the large balcony in the terrace at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts was magnificent, especially the Potomac River waterfront, along with the unspoiled Theodore Roosevelt Island, covered with a fresh layer of snow, on the other side of the river. All that beauty was sadly wasted on the couple who was walking towards the Roof Terrace Restaurant. "I told you already mother, I don't want to go. You can't force me to go!" "Ok, my dear child, I know you're upset. Can we at least talk about it? Let's have a bite to eat. I won't force you if you don't want to. Can't you indulge your mom, my sweet baby?" "I still can't see why I can't be friends with her. Will agrees with me. I understand why Lizzy would still be mad at you, but it's so unfair that you won't let me see her or talk to her! She could've been here with me tonight." "You're breaking my heart, Georgie." "Mom, why can't I be with her? She wanted to see Anna Fedorova so much! Now she won't be able to!" "You're making a scene, let's go eat something, I'm starving! Then we can discuss this as adults." "Mother! You don't understand! I'll feel as if I'm betraying her! I can't do it!" She didn't allow her daughter to continue, she took her by the hand practically dragging her. When they arrived at the restaurant, she led her inside without checking in with the hostess. That was odd! They proceeded to a table in the far end of the room. When Georgiana saw Lizzy, she ran to her, uttering a loud scream. Lizzy immediately stood giving Georgie a big hug! "You thought I was going to let you see Anna Fedorova all by yourself? No missy, you can't escape from me this time!" After giving Lizzy another hug, and with tears in her eyes, she embraced her mother. "I hate you mom! I also love you very much! Thank you, thank you, thank you! Ok, mom, you can hand me the tickets now, and good bye!" "What?" the other two laughingly exclaimed. "Well, now that Lizzy's here, I don't need you. I want to watch the concert with her! So, give me the tickets, please." Mrs. Darcy folded her arms across her chest in mock indignation, "For the second time tonight, you're breaking my heart, my dearest child. Ha-ha. Elizabeth bought the tickets, so you can thank her. Since I'm not needed, nor wanted, I'm leaving now. Remember, the limo will be returning for both of you to take you back home. Georgie, you're staying tonight at Elizabeth's. I'll pack some clothes for you and send them with the limo. See you tomorrow. You better behave, young lady, because I'm getting a full report from Elizabeth!" Georgiana embraced her mother one more time. "You're the bestest Mom in the whole wide world! Please stay, have dinner with us, I'm starving too! Now, I want both of you to tell me how long you've been planning this sneaky surprise, you pair of scheming girly-girls!" It was fifteen minutes before start time, and already the Concert Hall was full-to-capacity. Lizzy and Georgiana found their seats, in the third row, in the middle; they had a perfect view of the piano, which was the most important thing for them. The concert was a great success. Everyone was thrilled with the wonderful music performed that night by the National Symphony Orchestra and the captivating young pianist. For Lizzy, the most memorable part of the night had been the pianist's solo rendition of Frédéric Chopin's Ballade No. 4 in F minor, just before intermission. Anna Fedorova left her fans awestruck with her virtuoso pianist execution and raw emotion displayed while delivering flawlessly that difficult and passionate composition, so full of outstanding melodies and rich harmonies. Lizzy wasn't faring well; she tried to concentrate on the performance, but failed miserably. From the first keystroke of that song, she had been unconsciously transported to a cool evening in her native Puerto Rico many, many years ago. The grand concert piano had been moved to the terrace of the mansion for a recital under the stars held by Mrs. Silvia Benes. In later years, Lizzy became a performer along with her mother. That night Lizzy, a four year old toddler, was surrounded by the closest family members, friends and staff. She was sitting on her father's lap, holding her grandmother's hand on one side and Robbie's on the other. That was the first time she remembered watching her mother play the piano, apart from those countless times when she would play baby tunes while holding her on her lap. Anna Fedorova was the personification of Mrs. Benes. They were just as beautiful and as quasi-untamed in their execution. Lizzy vividly remembered watching her mom's long straight hair moving rhythmically along her bare shoulders, her body swaying with that enchanting ballad, the rapt expression of her face. Her image, along with the strong emotion and deep feeling she had evoked back then, were being represented so intensely before her eyes. It became a surreal experience for Lizzy. By the end of the song, she was crying. Fortunately, no one noticed her conflicted emotional state because they were spellbound and then the room exploded in a long, cheerful applause, with hundreds of bouquets of flowers arriving, overwhelming the young pianist. Even Georgiana participated in the frenzy, offering her own bouquet. When she returned to her seat, Lizzy had thankfully calmed down. Had it not been for all the moist napkins she was holding in her hands, Georgiana wouldn't have noticed that she had been crying. She remembered Lizzy's agony on Christmas night after she had played that exceptional Hungarian Rhapsody in her home. She didn't attempt to comfort her, she just held on to Lizzy until all the raucousness ended, and they silently went outside for a while. After Lizzy had the opportunity to compose herself, they returned, her good humor was restored. The two friends enjoyed immensely the rest of the performance, especially the spectacular finale. For the swan song of the night, the orchestra played Sergey Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2 in C minor. As anticipated, they brought the house down! During the first two movements, the public was seduced, swooned, and swollen with the passion and the depth conveyed with that magnificent score. During the third and final movement, the performance reached an exciting conclusion with a decisive explosion of piano and orchestra notes. As she did throughout the concerto, the entrancing pianist took over in a final eruption of dazzling bravura! Anna Fedorova bowed to the remarkable conductor and the other outstanding performers. She had to return to bow to her adoring public multiple times until the shouting and all the 'bravos' finally subsided, allowing her to finally leave the stage. Lizzy and Georgie chatted enthusiastically the rest of the night about the concerto. Charlotte and Jane had to retire to their rooms to escape the exuberance and loud exaltations of the two self-proclaimed, 'Fans of Fedorova'! The following morning, Jane took Charlotte to the airport for her return to Florida, and then went to the office to work on an important project with a tight deadline. Lizzy and Georgiana had planned a day of browsing and shopping at The Shops at Georgetown Park. Georgiana invited Lizzy for dinner at her house but she politely declined as she had a group study session that night. Georgiana seemed like such a kind, trusting, uncomplicated, angelic soul, even after everything she had gone through at such a young age. Lizzy realized she had been just like Georgiana before she met William and Caroline. 'I can't believe how much I've changed as a consequence of my interactions with those two. I should be grateful for their help in fostering my emotional maturity. At least something positive resulted from that painful experience. But enough is enough.' That night at the Darcy mansion, Georgiana was telling her brother and mother about her adventures with Lizzy. "We ended up having a late lunch at Filomena Ristorante. You won't believe what happened there!" The moment they arrived at the restaurant, Chef Antonio embraced them both. "Fantastico! My two favorite girls are coming to eat at my restaurant together. Molto buona! Mia Isabella, you will have my special Lasagna alla Bolognese with veal as you like it, l'amore. Mia Georgeta, I will make your squisito Linguini Cardinale that you love so much! I haven't seen William since the last time he came here for lunch. He asked me to bring my delicious food to a very special signorina and her pretty friend. He was a little sick that day; I hope he feels better now." "He's surviving, thank you, although he's still plagued by the same malady he had before." "La sofferenza di un cuore spezzato! A broken heart! The lady rejected my dear William? Impossibile! After I prepared my special Lasagna, il cibo dell'amore! I was sure that would soften the lady's heart. I cannot believe anyone can rifiutare William. He is not only a handsome young man, he is kind and generoso. The lady he will marry will be molto fortunata! He is just like Robbie. Georgiana, have you met Robbie?" Lizzy was glad for the change of subject. After a few more minutes of fun conversation, he finally left to prepare the food. They had a delicious meal. After they were done, Chef Antonio regaled them with many colorful anecdotes of 'Il mio sospirato Italia quando ero un giovane ragazzo', of his youth back in his beloved Italy. After they left the restaurant, they went for a walk in a nearby park. Lizzy was very serious. Georgiana noticed her friend's demeanor and asked if she was Ok. "Georgie, please don't take this wrong, you are my good friend... no, you are becoming one of my best friends ever. In order to keep our friendship intact, I need to ask you something very important. We can still spend time together, go to the park, to the gym, play tennis, play music, jog, go to the movies, eat, and of course, our favorite activity, shop till we drop! We can do all that. But I need you to do me a big favor. I don't want to be near, nor do I want to hear anything about your brother. Can you do this for me?" "Oh no, Lizzy," she replied, saddened by her friend's unfortunate request, "It was all a big misunderstanding; Will is the best man in the world. You don't know what he did..." Lizzy interrupted her before she could continue, "He choose to believe the worst of me and he poisoned your mother against me! I'll never forgive him for that! He alone is responsible for all the mortification I felt during that trying time! If you can't comply with my request then I'm sorry but I won't be your friend anymore!" "I can't do that, Lizzy." "I'm sorry Georgiana; I think I have to leave now. I'll take a taxi. Goodbye!" "Lizzy wait! Why do you have to be so stubborn! Haven't I proved to you already more than once that I'm your true friend! I consider you as a sister and I don't want to lose you but if you must, then so be it! If you insist in cutting off our friendship over my brother, I'll accept it. But before you do, I demand of you to hear me out one last time! You owe me that!" Lizzy was taken aback with Georgiana's forcefulness. 'Where did that come from?' "Ok, one last time! You better hurry because I have to meet my study group soon." "Ok, I'll be brief. My brother didn't know that my mother had forbidden us to communicate; she did that on her own after... No, no!" she pointed a finger at Lizzy, her eyes spitting fire, "Don't you roll your eyes at me Lizzy! I'm not lying! I don't have any reason to lie. I've never lied to you since I've known you and I'm not going to begin now. I've told you things I haven't told anyone! You are my best friend ever!" "I'm sorry, go on." Lizzy sat down in a park bench and waited for her to continue. Poor Georgiana, she was so blindly faithful to her brother. Oh well, she couldn't blame her for that, she would do the same for Robbie. It was too bad; she had so many hopes for her. No more. It didn't matter, Lizzy could find other friends. She had Monica, and Jane was also still at the apartment. Georgiana continued after she took a few breathers to compose herself. "Remember the night my mother went to your house to apologize to you? That was the very same day my brother found out what she had done! I remember very clearly his reaction when I told him I wasn't allowed to talk to you. He was shocked, and then he called Caroline a spiteful woman! He became livid! He took me to see my mom right then and there! He then began a shouting match with her. I'd never seen them arguing as they did that morning! He defended you so fiercely and so eloquently that by the end of the argument, he had disarmed my mother completely; he ended up embracing and comforting her. That very same night she went to apologize to you and to ask you to take me back. If you don't believe me you can ask my mom, she tried to tell you that night but you're so headstrong that you didn't want to listen to her. There, I said my piece. Goodbye!" "When I left, Lizzy was still sitting at the bench. I don't know how she took my words because I was too scared to look at her, I was shaking with fright! I almost ran and went to the limo." "I'm so proud of you my sweet baby, not only for defending your brother so well but the way you did it, taking no prisoners! Your acquaintance with Elizabeth has really changed you! And I say this in the most positive way imaginable!" "I don't think Lizzy's going to be my friend anymore. She thinks I'm a liar. She must despise me by now!" "I'm sorry Georgie," Will said, "I would've preferred to have her hate me than for you to lose her friendship. You didn't have to tell her all that" "No my dearest son, it needed to be said. She has to see what a generous, loyal, steadfast man you are. The ball is in her court now." "There was one more thing," Georgiana added, "When we were at the restaurant taking to Chef Antonio, Lizzy mentioned that she had applied to other law schools in New York and Puerto Rico because she misses her family. I don't know if that's the true reason, she seemed uncertain when she was explaining why. It was so funny to witness Chef Antonio crying to her that she couldn't leave him without finding her amore! Lizzy responded that she had already fallen madly in love, with his Lasagna alla Bolognese!"
A/N - This is my chapter for the month of October. I have to note that I may not have a chapter for November because I'll be on vacation for 2 weeks. I'm sure my two fans will be patient and won't hold me in contempt! Ha! And they will be lenient with my mistakes and inconsistencies! But point them out please, so I can deal with them! Be nice, please! By the way, thank you from the bottom of my heart for your nice reviews. They make me want to do 'better and better'! Here's the chapter, I hope you enjoy! Chapter 23 - Mission Statement - Marry Elizabeth Benes The morning after Caroline's successful family intervention, as soon as he arrived at work, Charles received an urgent summons from the CEO office. "Charles, this is Alexandra, Mr. Darcy instructed me to ask you to go to his office first thing in the morning." "Why the urgency? I don't know of any current pressing business, am I missing something?" "I don't have the slightest idea. He's been entrenched in his office since very early this morning. I tried to come in to check on him but he blocked my entrance! He came out for a minute, his hair in disarray, his shirt tucked out, his sleeves folded, to ask me to call you. He had me clear all his appointments for the whole morning, there will be no phone calls unless it's an emergency. Whatever he's working on, it seems mighty important! And highly secretive I may add. I'm very nearly offended!" Charles chuckled. "It must be incredibly private indeed if he won't allow you in! I'll be there in a couple of minutes. Don't worry Alexandra; I'll keep you in the loop." "Thank you dear, my poor William hasn't been himself lately, although this morning I noticed a spark of determination in his eyes, maybe he's concentrating on a new business pursuit. That's what he needs to get out of the funk he seems to be under!" Charles used his personal ID card to go into Darcy's office. He found his friend looking intently at a rough draft he had prepared on his whiteboard. When he read what his friend had written, just as he was beginning to let the guffaws interrupt the eerie silence, a look at Darcy's face stopped him. He had an expression in his eyes, something Charles had seen before, but not often. Alexandra was dead-on target! She knew her boy so well! There had been a very limited number of times in their lives when Darcy had been so completely absorbed in achieving a goal that he lost himself. It was similar, but this time he also had a certain look of despair, as if he was at the edge of a precipice hanging on to dear life, battling against strong winds and heavy rains. However, he wasn't giving up. No, he was a survivor! Charles was surprised Will had finally decided to confide in him. Ever since the night of Caroline's infamy, they had had a few conversations, but only on the subject of work and nothing else. Charles was going to tell Will everything he'd learned, but in that moment he decided to let his friend take the lead. It would be much more fun! He was elated yet uneasy, with the prospect for success, this could be one of the hardest challenges his friend could ever face. For his part, he was still working on regaining the love of his dear Jane, although he was making great headway. On the other hand, here was this man, his best friend in the world, trying to accomplish the nearly impossible! "Ok Charles, based on your reaction, you must understand the Herculean task I'll face, and the difficult challenges I'll have to overcome in order to succeed. Believe me; I'll work harder than I've ever worked for anything in my life in order to get what I want." In the Whiteboard, on the top, there were five big words: MISSION STATEMENT: MARRY ELIZABETH BENES Below, he had outlined the strategic plan he was going to follow to achieve his objective. ROADBLOCKS: 1. My Pride 2. Her Prejudice 3. Her Stubbornness 4. My Self Control 5. My Relatives 6. Other Considerations ADVERSARIES: 1. Caroline 2. Louisa 3. My Aunt 4. Robbie? 5. Her Father? 6. Other Relatives? ALLIES: 1. Charles 2. Georgie 3. Mom 4. Jane? 5. Charlotte? GOALS, PRIORITIES AND STRATEGIES: 1. Keep Elizabeth in DC A. Offer Robbie great job B. Boost her father's store 2. Engage her attention A. Visit with Charles B. Bribe Jane to double date C. Go to her Church D. Return to GU E. Volunteer at OWYP F. Stalk her G. Help! 3. Earn her friendship A. Show her the real me B. Earn her respect by actions C. Get to know her family 4. WIN ELIZABETH'S HEART A. Tell her I love her unconditionally B. Take her camping C. Hypnotize her with a deep kiss D. Drive her to Vegas and… D. Marry her before she wakes up! E. No idea! ACE IN THE HOLE Richard! Darcy began by describing to Charles every interaction he'd had with Lizzy. From the very harsh comments he'd uttered in the mall the day they met, to his ill-timed and badly botched premature proposal, to Georgiana's courageous speech on his defense the previous Sunday. He even shared his feelings, something he'd never done before in his life. Charles was amazed. He knew him since they were little boys and this was the first time ever he experienced the real Darcy, unencumbered by the mask he was always wearing. A few times during the narration Charles felt the urge to stop him to make some observations, but he didn't want to risk removing him from the trance-like state he was involved in while pouring his heart out. He was finally understanding his friend, a very complex man, but of flesh and blood, and ultimately, a man in love. His respect for his dear friend increased tremendously. He promised himself to do everything in his power to help Will with Lizzy. At one moment, when Darcy was distracted, he took a picture of the whiteboard with his smart phone. 'I may need this in the future in case of emergency.' The next day, he discreetly allowed a quick peek to an amused and enchanted Alexandra Reynolds. When Darcy concluded his narration, Charles gave him a big hug. Darcy wasn't comfortable with this emotional exchange, but he allowed his friend to take the lead, and after a minute he returned the embrace. "My brother, I promise to do the best I can to help you with this goal. I have so many things to tell you. A lot has happened since the night of Caroline's shameful remarks. Let me begin by telling you how I'm getting along with Jane. I'm not yet in her good graces, but it's looking pretty good. Her friends are mostly responsible for my good fortune, especially Lizzy." He recounted his conversation with Lizzy concerning Jane, and all the events with the roses on Saturday. He didn't mention the second part of his talk with Lizzy. In due course. "Before I say more, I want to discuss your informative and very entertaining action plan. Allow me to begin by commending you for your optimism and your sense of humor in the face of such near impossible odds. Your mission statement is very clear and very ambitious I would say!" Darcy responded solemnly, "Elizabeth is everything I always wanted in a woman." "Well said, amigo!" Charles prepared for battle. He removed his tie and unbuttoned his collar. "Now, let's start with the first roadblock, your pride, how are you going to manage to keep it under good regulation?" "I can only tell you that she's been tearing down this pride bordering on vanity, since the day we met. Of course, I still have 28 years' worth of baggage which needs to be trimmed down. I'm working on it." "Good for Lizzy!" Charles said, "Now, let's talk about her prejudice, which I believe, can be thrown in together with her stubbornness. I've been witness to some of your lively exchanges; it's going to be hard to overcome those two obstacles." "I know what you mean Charles. I could add in her defense that her prejudice is justified due to my intolerable behavior towards her. It's that prejudice which leads her to believe so readily every malicious claim uttered concerning me, no matter the source. I don't know how she took Georgie's words. Her stubbornness may really be the key factor against me." Charles added, "Especially if you combine it with a lack of self-control on your part, the next obstacle, which of course, it's impossible for me to comprehend. You, the one and only, William F. Darcy, lack self-control? You, the most effective closer in the business world, is undisciplined? Care to explain?" "Believe it or not Charles, this is the most difficult item for me on that list. I don't know what it is with Elizabeth; she has such a strong effect on me. There's a giant random magnetic field, an aura, surrounding her persona, which creates havoc in my brain cells, making me act in unseemly ways. For example, the night I proposed to her, in your balcony, I did so many things wrong. I acted as an ardent admirer, a Don Juan, a shameless snob, a petulant child, and a nasty scoundrel; I switched between those states without any self-restraint. I couldn't help myself; she brings mayhem to my mind." "Ha-ha. I'm sorry for laughing; I'm just thrilled to be acquainted with this new person before me, who I didn't know existed. Lizzy's such a force to reckon with! I'm glad it's you and not me who has to keep up with her. She would crush my soul!" Will laughed. "I believe it! I'm an incurable optimist. I dream of the day when all's said and done and she accepts me, and we're living in a state of bliss. I can't even begin to imagine my happiness when such a 'stunningly' beautiful, pure, perfect, and exceptional human being will be mine to have and to hold forever and ever!" "Oh no, you're madly in love! Shall I commit you to the loony bin? Ha-ha! Ok, next one, your relatives, I assume you're referring to your lovely aunt Catherine de Bourgh. I know she holds no power over you, how can she be a roadblock?" "It's not me, but Elizabeth I'm concerned about. Once she finds out, my aunt is capable of anything to attempt to separate us! She could even try to interfere with her with insinuations, insults, attacks, bribery, intimidations... you name it! I'll have to find a way to thwart her efforts. My other relatives, although proud and some very haughty, are not a big cause for concern, I expect they'll have no reserve in accepting Elizabeth once they get to know her, she's really special! My mother is an example, she barely knows her and already she likes her very much!" "Ok, fair enough, you have to protect Lizzy from your aunt. By the way, why don't you call her Lizzy? Elizabeth seems so formal." "I don't deserve the honor, not yet. Besides... Elizabeth... Her name is glorious... Elizabeth... I never get tired of saying it." "Who are you? You're a strange man, my friend. Now, please explain the last roadblock, other considerations. What considerations?" "That's a delicate one, Charles. There's a possibility, even if a small one, of her family being involved in some stuff which could cause her to be unavailable." "What sort of stuff? What do you mean?" "Her relatives could be drug dealers, arms traders, terrorists, revolutionaries, or spies!" "Are you (expletive) kidding me?" Charles blurted out, "You're stereotyping her! I can't believe you're being such a xenophobe! She's not even a foreigner; Puerto Ricans are United States Citizens by birth! For a second I thought you were serious about Lizzy, now I question all your motives! Just forget the whole thing. I won't help you. As a matter of fact, I'm leaving now! I'm so disappointed!" "Ha-ha! Charles, you're such an easy mark! I was joking!" He turned serious, "Listen to me, nothing, not even a major scandal, could keep me from attaching myself to her. Unless it could potentially have a negative impact on my family or in my business, to whom I'm responsible; in which case I would have to consider the situation carefully. You have to believe me Charles; I would do almost anything to be with her!" "Why are you even contemplating such a possibility? What gave you the impression her family could be remotely involved in any nefarious behavior? Are you still giving credence to Caroline's malicious gossip?" "On the contrary Charles, this could help clear all allegations against her! Don't worry; I'm expecting a full report very soon from my exclusive private investigator. I'll update you then." "You hired a private investigator?" "The best in the business! Why are you so upset about this? You know it's the right thing to do! I should've done this a long time ago. For the last few days, I've been painstakingly searching her online. I haven't been able to find anything at all on her family." Charles sighed. "I'm not comfortable with this unpleasant situation, but I guess it's understandable. A man in your position, the 'head honcho' of not just our company, but all your other commercial enterprises and charities, and with the obligations and responsibilities for your distinguished family. You have strict expectations which I would never have to be concerned about. Let's forget this one for now; we can assume there's nothing but a penchant for privacy on her father's part. He may be a well-meaning eccentric." "He may well be. We'll see. Now, let's move along to the adversaries, sorry to have included your sisters in here. Caroline has become my biggest enemy, while her sister is her stooge." "Not anymore!" A smiling Charles went to the board and crossed out Caroline's and Louisa's name from the chart. "Something happened last night concerning Caroline, which will make you as happy as a tick on a fat dog! Ha-ha! We have much to be grateful to James." He went on to describe the intervention of the previous night, emphasizing James' significant role in Caroline's upcoming move to New York City. "I'm delighted but amazed to learn that James, of all people, is responsible for Caroline's removal from our lives! James, who seemed not to care very much about his sister-in-law, offered his own mother as a companion to her! I'm more than pleased for us, but I wonder how his mother will feel after a few weeks with Caroline! Hopefully, this is a one-way trip!" Charles laughed. "I feel you brother. I know James' mother very well. She reminds me a lot of your aunt Catherine, minus the nastiness. She's strong solid as a rock with a high degree of sweetness and empathy. I'm sure she's the most qualified person to handle Caroline. The best part is she's up for the challenge! Who knows, maybe she'll transform my baby sister into a sweet girl. In a few months, if things don't work out between you and Lizzy, you could let the sparks fly with Caroline! I give you my consent." "No thanks, I'll pass! Okay, going back to the list, my Aunt we already discussed. Finally, we come to Elizabeth's family. Robbie seems to be a decent fellow; I don't know what his view about me is." Charles said, "He made a good impression with your family, especially Georgie; they spent almost the entire night together." "That was another point of contention with Elizabeth, I expressed my concerns about Robbie's forwardness towards Georgie, and she took offense. I told her I don't condone the idea of an adult paying too much attention to a teenager. She reacted as if I had slandered her brother's reputation!" "Well, I can see both sides," Charles responded, "They were in public view the whole time, and he didn't do anything which could be construed as improper. As an older brother, I would also be cautious to a degree. But perhaps I wouldn't have mentioned anything, especially to his sister, unless there were any serious concerns." "You're right, I may have overreacted, another example of the 'Elizabeth Effect' wreaking havoc in my psyche. Let's go back to the fourth roadblock! I think I missed it!" "Ha-ha, you're so funny Will. Whoever said you don't have a sense of humor doesn't know the real you. It's about time you show your charming personality to Lizzy; she'll fall hard for you on the spot!" "Ha-ha, I'll try next time I'm with her. Now, the next item on the list, her father, do you know anything about him? Or perhaps she has other relatives I can practice my 'charm' with?" Charles was beaming. "I have a few interesting things to tell you about her relatives, but now let's move on to the Allies, I'm flattered to be your number one, it goes without saying, I'll be your most faithful advocate. The next two allies are easy. Charlotte related to me all their adventures with Lizzy, especially your mother's astonishing apology. That was something! And Georgie was allowed to stay at Lizzy's apartment. Another pleasant surprise! She needs good friends, no one's better than Lizzy, they seem to have a lot in common. By the way, those two were the key arguments I used last night, very effectively I should add, to finally convince Caroline to remove herself! I'm sorry about their unhappy disagreement on Sunday. I hope they can resolve their differences and renew their friendship." "Me too. I'm upset to be the cause of Georgie's distress, but I'm so proud of her for standing up for me! Now, what about Jane? You think she could be my ally? I'd probably need her more than anyone else. She could at least let me know if I have any hope with Elizabeth." "As I told you," Charles said, "At this time I'm not yet in her good graces, we're having many conversations. She finally agreed to go out with me! Yay! I can safely tell you the following, each time we talk about Lizzy and you, Jane seem to be disposed to favor your relationship. She told me in confidence that Lizzy is not indifferent to you. She's never been. Of course, this could be negative or positive. At least she has strong feelings for you!" Darcy was momentarily invigorated, but then he was deflated. "I understand completely. I'll endeavor to channel loving feelings towards me. Next on the list is Charlotte. She's an uncertainty due to her distance. Although, her dubious behavior on the night of the party when she accepted the nincompoop Mr. Collins, changed my respect for her. I don't know if I want her as my ally." "I agree, she seems so mature in every other respect. Her choice is so baffling! I spent some time with her the other day, I tried to bring it up, to see if I could understand or perhaps help her, but she was reluctant to discuss the subject. Oh well, she may have removed herself from the picture. If it matters, she's definitely on your side. Now, let's continue with the next item." Charles went straight to the board and crossed out the first two action items of the Short Term Goals. "When Lizzy and I had our talk the other day, she showed me something quite interesting which I'll share with your now." He went to Darcy's workstation, opened the Merrill Lynch website and found the article Lizzy had shown him. After explaining the rationale behind Robbie's alias, he clicked to display Robbie's biography. Darcy was impressed to see someone who at only 25 years old had already accomplished something which would take many years for most people to achieve. Naturally, he could boast of his own achievements, but here was another man he could respect and in a way he was proud of Robbie. Charles proceeded to tell Darcy about Lizzy's substantial bank account. "I felt uneasy about looking, but she was determined to clear her father's name and I couldn't deny her request. Believe me my friend, even if her father wouldn't be able to support her with his store, Robbie very easily could. Those bankers at Wall Street make tons of cash." "I'm exceedingly gratified to hear all you've told me. Regrettably, this leaves me with the problem of how to ensure she remains in DC after graduation. Georgie told me Elizabeth applied to other law schools because she's contemplating leaving DC after she obtains her degree." "She mentioned the same to me. It doesn't bode well for you; it seems she wants to get away from you and Caroline. She didn't mention your names, but the inference was clear to discern. Maybe we can change her mind now, since Caroline is no longer a factor. Will, before we go on, can you tell me how did you expect to tackle the first goal on your own?" "Don't forget Charles, I'm a millionaire with many business connections. I couldn't, of course, give her money. There are other, subtler ways. First, I already knew about Robbie's Ph.D. Thus, he was going to receive a job offer he couldn't refuse in the DC area. Second, Elizabeth's dad was going to sell his store for a few million dollars. If he wasn't inclined to sell, he would've received a huge order, or a sizable investment for expansion." Charles was astonished! "Are you serious, you were actually contemplating doing those things?" "I really love Elizabeth Benes. I'm willing to do anything to win her heart! I'll have to make a call after we're done here, to stop the process I already initiated. Now let's move on to my second challenge." And so the two friends spent the whole morning talking, laughing, planning, and dedicating all their efforts to come up with ideas, strategies, and solutions for the successful achievement of the primary objective. At the end, they had created a 'battle plan', as if they had a very critical business venture ahead of them. One would wonder about Lizzy's reaction had she found out Darcy was treating her as if she was another business opportunity. Although, didn't he mention something similar to her before? She had been flattered back then, hadn't she? Just the fact of his willingness to spend so much time and effort... Since we're mentioning Lizzy, don't you wonder what she was up to? After all, this is her story! Lizzy was back on her enchanting island, walking aimlessly on the forest, where she eventually found this special, hidden piece of land on her property. This secret spot, highlighted by a small cascading waterfall, was surrounded by thick vegetation and rocks of all sizes. The soothing sound of the flowing water provided the background for the singing of birds, crickets and other insects. From time to time, she could hear the inimitable mating call of the coquí frog. She closed her eyes to enjoy the magnificent symphony. When she opened her eyes, she found herself in front of an old wooden bench standing sentry by the waterfall. This bench had been built by her father when she was a tiny baby. It provided the perfect place for escaping all the worries in the world for the whole family. It was their place of meditation. She hadn't seen it in a very long time, since... She began to read the carvings scattered all over the aged wood, Lizzy 9, Robbie 6, Lizzy 12, Robbie 10... She focused on the top-right corner of the bench, there was a special carving consisting of four names, Lizzy 0.5, Robbie 4, Silvia 30, Tomás 35. Fresh tears were about to run down her face, when she was distracted by a gentle murmur of her name from behind. 'Elizabeth...' It was such a sweet voice she hadn't heard in years. When she turned around, she was startled by an incredible vision! '¿Mamita…, eres tú? ¿Qué haces aquí? ¡Es imposible! Tú estás... (Mommy…, is it you? What are you doing here? It's impossible! You are...)' '¡Mi dulce bebé! Es tu sueño, creo que tú me evocaste. ¡Ven a mis brazos! (My sweet baby! This is your dream, I think you evoked me. Come to my arms!) 'I have so much to tell you mommy! I need your advice now more than ever!' 'My poor baby. There's something you have to know. I have special powers. I've never left you. I'm with you and with your brother virtually every moment of your lives. I've been witness to all your interactions with William... all except for a few occasions. One time, both of you took me by surprise. Him, by his bold move to kiss my baby! As for you my darling, you responded with all the passion...' 'Stop, mom, you're making me blush!' 'Ha-ha, remember baby, I'm only in your dreams!' 'Still...' 'My sweet baby! I strongly believe the reason you brought me here has to do with your jumbled emotions concerning William. That's the one part of your life I'm not privy to. Would you like to discuss your feelings towards William?' 'He's such a complicated man. Sometimes I feel I love him so much it hurts, other times I hate him with all my heart!' 'It's amusing baby, for someone to hate with the heart, sounds oxymoronic, doesn't it? Let's begin with your loving feelings; can you enlighten your mother?' 'Well mom, as you are probably aware, he's the handsomest man in the whole wide world! It feels so strange to tell you these things.' 'I understand baby, please remember, this is all in your subconscious mind. I'm delighted to be contacted by you! I'm here to help you, my sweet child. So, he's the finest-looking man ever! I would agree with you, except I'm partial to another certain gentleman.' 'I agree, daddy's the finest-looking man ever! He misses you so much!' 'I don't miss him one bit... Don't be alarmed sweetie. I'm always with him as well. He talks to me constantly when he's alone. He also comes to my resting place frequently. My sweet Tomás has become so loquacious! He wasn't like that before!' 'Ha-ha, mother, because you wouldn't let him talk. Ha-ha.' 'If I wasn't a figment of your imagination, I would spank you right now! But seeing as I'm so happy to be with you I'll just squeeze your pretty cheeks with my fingers and kiss you again and again!' 'Mom, you're messing up my hair!' 'Don't worry baby, I bet your William will love you regardless of the state of your hair. Ha-ha! Ok, please continue.' 'Yes mother. So, apart from his good looks, I found out we have some common interests, for example, we both love nature, I was charmed by a conversation we had on the subject. The way he looks at me sometimes, I can feel my skin crawl just from the thought alone. In the beginning, I thought he was only looking at me to criticize my appearance, but when I realized why he stares, it changed everything. The few times we've danced, his closeness creates a mysterious intimacy which does something to me… it's hard to explain. The day of my accident...' 'Was one of the scariest moments for me, baby! I've never felt so helpless! All I could do was watch! You were so smart and so brave! Until he arrived! I probably know what you're going to say, you felt so secure in his arms!' 'Yes, I felt secure and protected and... loved... Maybe those emotions were incited by you. That's it! It was you all along! Your presence...' 'No sweetie, you're mistaken. It was he, and he alone, who inspired all those intense feelings in your heart. The moment he arrived and took you in his arms, I disappeared. The same happened the night when you were kissing, and when you were so passionately absorbed in your dances. In those moments you build a wall around the two of you preventing me from getting any closer. He has a special effect on you!' 'So it wasn't you?' 'No baby, don't be afraid of having those feelings. I felt the same way about your father. I still do!' 'Mother! There's no comparison! You were both so much in love, while I barely know Mr. Darcy!' 'It's all right sweetie. The more you know of him, the better will be for both of you. Please continue.' 'Ok, when Georgie gave me the account of the way he defended me to his mother, I was so enraptured and so proud of him! I wanted to hold him and hug him and kiss him!' 'Well baby it's settled! You're in love with him and he reciprocates your love! What's the problem then?' 'The problem is this; sometimes I hate him with... with... with my fists... I want to punch him in the nose!' 'Ha-ha, that would be the day, seeing my baby resort to violence!' 'It's not fair, you know me too well mom! Let me explain. Since you're always with me, you must remember the first time he met me when he called me ugly, and pathetic, and lowly, and a brainless nitwit!' 'Yes, he was very ungentlemanly, although I suspect you're exaggerating a little bit! He didn't use those harsh words.' 'Well, this is how I remember it! What about his snobbish behavior when he was making the case for the upper classes in this country? I'm convinced no matter how rich I am; to him I'll always be an ordinary, second-class alien!' 'You're being unfair my darling. You're deliberately ignoring his passionate defense of a few days ago. Even before knowing your status!' 'What about the way he unjustly accused Robbie of trying to get too intimate with Georgie, as if he was a child molester!' 'Oh, no, my sweet baby, now you're been unreasonable! He was just looking out for his little sister; didn't he allow her to remain with my Robbie the rest of the night? Be honest, tell me what's really bothering you about him? It can't be because of those objections. He has apologized and made amends for them a million times over. Please sweetie, open your heart to your mother.' 'You're right mom. Here's the truth. I'm going to tell you something which has been lingering in my mind for a long time. The night of his proposal, while proclaiming his ardent love for me, he said his connection to my family would be a degradation for him. It was so humiliating! Even if he loves me, he doesn't consider me an equal. My biggest fear is that in the moment of truth, when there's no other recourse, that he would fail to protect me in the presence of his family or his peers. That he would turn his back on me or leave me to defend myself. I'll never forget his words during his proposal. He said he struggled with feelings of reason and sense before he could acknowledge his love! What if his other relatives make him see reason? When I think about the possibility, it frightens me so much!' 'I don't know what to tell you sweetie; he seems to be a worthy man. We may as well wait for the occasion. I believe in him. I have a great idea! Let's have some fun. Why don't we… Sorry baby… I have to go now... Good bye baby...' 'Don't go mommy, stay with me! Mommy, why are you vanishing! Please come back! Mommy! Don't leave me! Mommy! Come back! Mommy! Mommy!' "Lizzy! Lizzy! Wake up! Wake up!" "Ah?" "Lizzy, it's me, Jane, you were screaming and crying! Are you ok? It seems you were having a horrible nightmare!" After a few seconds, Lizzy became fully awake. She felt her cheeks; they were wet with fresh tears. Then, when she remembered her dream, a contented smile formed on her lips. "No Jane, it wasn't a nightmare. I had the most wonderful dream!" A few nights later, Charlotte was back in DC. She was chatting with Jane in the apartment. "So, Lizzy just left for her date with her mystery man. Are you sure you don't have any idea who's this guy? I'm very uncomfortable with her secrecy about this new person in her life. What if he's not good enough for her? I feel I'm already losing contact with Lizzy since I've been spending so much time in Florida preparing for my wedding. Or should I say, watching Lady Catherine make all the decisions while I have to agree with all her demands. I'm getting tired of that woman! Although, I'm sure things will improve once we settle down. I won't have to be in her face all the time!" "Remember Charlotte, you don't have to go through with the wedding. Lizzy and I will support you in any choice you make. It's your future!" "Thank you Jane, please don't mention this to Lizzy or she'll try to force me to stop the wedding! Then we'll have a big argument and then... We better change the subject. Are you sure you don't know who the lucky fellow is? She hasn't mentioned anything about him to you before? I'm worried." "No. It makes me so sad, I'm a romantic at heart, I was looking forward to a happy ending between Will and Lizzy." "Judging by your good spirits I surmise you and Charles are back together on your way to eternal happiness?" "I'm still making him suffer, but he's doing great! Caroline's absence has contributed to healing our relationship very much. I'm sorry to say this, but she brought so much negativity to our lives. I hope she finds happiness in New York City. I'm this close to forgiving Charles altogether." They both smiled. "I'm so happy for both of you. You two were so made for one another. Now, about Lizzy's new guy…" They met in a coffeehouse near Georgetown. She ordered an Emerald Spring green tea while he decided on a mocha with extra chocolate. When the waiter left, she began to talk about their mutual acquaintance. "When she was sharing with us the details of the wedding preparations, I perceived some regret on her part. I want to shake her into sense, but she's too proud to admit she made such a terrible mistake. Though, all this is pointless if you don't love her." "Of course I love her! She's the one who doesn't reciprocate my feelings! One day she started arguing with me about some insignificant matter, I don't even remember what! The next day she wanted to stop seeing me, and a few days later she got engaged to another man! I think I'm wasting both my time and your time here. Thanks anyway Lizzy. I can't do this!" He stood to leave. "Richard wait! Are you certain of your love? You promise this is not just some passing fancy?" He sat down, remained silent for a few seconds, combed his hair with his right hand, and exhaled with a sigh. "I really love her. The time I spent with her these last few weeks was the best of my life." "So all you want is to have a good time. You wouldn't marry someone like Charlotte, would you?" "To be honest, a month ago I wouldn't had even considered it, but now when I'm about to lose her, my outlook has changed. Let me explain something. For entire generations, all the members of my family have been raised to emulate the actions of our predecessors, especially when selecting our spouses. It is as if we're not free to make our own choices. Our prospective partners go through an unacknowledged acceptance process, from our parents and even our relatives, sometimes even our closest friends. I personally don't believe in this nonsense about familial obligations, but I have used it as an excuse to never get too close to anyone, and it has served me well until now. This may be a moot point, but I can safely assure you that if Charlotte would have allowed me to prove my love to her, I would have proposed without reservation. I'm certain! Now it's too late, though." Lizzy's mind was thrown into disarray. For a moment she forgot where she was; her thoughts shifted towards the complicated, infuriating man who had caused so much tumult in her life. She couldn't deny she loved him. Her heart ached for him. She remembered his proposal and his expressions so similar to his cousin about familial duty. She felt contented to know that he was willing to forgo all these obligations for her. 'I wonder how different things would have been had he known my real status all along?' "Lizzy, are you still with me?" "I'm sorry, my mind drifted a little. You don't know me at all; I'm a big time busybody, especially when it concerns my friends. You have to promise never to tell Charlotte what I'm about to confide in you, or she'll never forgive me. The thing is, I love her too much and I want to rescue her from herself." Lizzy told Richard about the phone call Charlotte had overheard between him and his mother and of their conversation about him the day after her engagement to Mr. Collins. She spared no details. "Please keep this to yourself. You'll decide what to do with this information. I wish you the best of luck. I'll try to work on Charlotte, but at this point, it may be too late. Please let me know if I can assist with anything." He had his eyes closed, seemingly in deep concentration. Lizzy decided there was nothing else she could do. She stood to leave when Richard stopped her. "Lizzy, I want to thank you very much for your confidences. I wish Charlotte had talked to me, but she didn't, I take full responsibility. You're really a good friend to Charlotte and I hope to me as well. I'll have to think seriously about everything you've told me and my options and will get back to you when I make a decision. Before you go, there's something I have to tell you. It's about Will." The mention of Darcy caught her attention, she immediately sat down. "William? Is he okay?" "Healthwise, he's doing reasonably well. Listen, this is very important. He asked me to find out about you, about your background." "He did?" She asked surprised, "Why, he fears my relatives are a bunch of crooks or some lowlifes? Or they would be a source of shame for him? You tell that man..." "Lizzy! Would you please listen? You've been good to me and I'm going to go out on a limb for you. I'm going to be honest. It was me who asked him originally, since the day I met you, on Christmas, to initiate an investigation of all your connections. Please understand, our family is..." "You don't have to explain, I understand. When you were describing your predicament with Charlotte, I knew, even if you didn't imply it, that the same argument applies to William and myself. This is it for me! I give up! I'll break all contact with your whole family..." "Lizzy, you, more than anyone has to understand, because you're not different from us. I know everything about your family. I know about BRECO, or Benes Real Estate Corporation, about the esteemed Señor Tomás, about the Grafals from Boston, about your exalted family history, on both sides, about who really owns Longbourn Apartments. I can bet I know more about your family than even you do! Another thing, I'm one-hundred percent certain your father did a comprehensive research on Will Darcy a long time ago!" "How do you know?" "Lizzy, please understand, I had to protect Will. Back in December I asked him to allow me to conduct an investigation of your family. He declined, he said it didn't matter to him who you were or what you were. He wanted you for you. But not me. You see, I'm in the business of Military Intelligence. It was impossible for me not to investigate you. For my cousin's sake." "Does he know?" "I haven't told him anything. He thinks I'm still conducting the investigation." "Why you haven't told him?" "Since I've been with Charlotte, she has given you such glowing praise! Now I understand why. I felt telling Will would be a betrayal to you, which would be a betrayal to Charlotte, and I couldn't do it. Besides, she asked me to wait for you to take the lead. She said it you weren't willing to accept him, it didn't matter whether he knew or not. Last week he finally asked me. He wanted to squelch some rumors about you." "What rumors?" she exclaimed, "Of course, Caroline! Did he give any credence to her malicious claims? But then, why did he...?" "Exactly! He didn't tell me why, but I suspect he wants to clear your name. I won't lie to my cousin. I'll tell him the truth; you're affluent enough to maintain your current standard of living, here or anywhere. I'll confirm the existence and prosperity of your father's store and Robbie's job at Merrill Lynch. The same little half-truths you told Charles. Also, that your family is very respectable, and your father prefers to remain anonymous, to allow you both to enjoy your lives without interference." "Charles told you?" "Lizzy, my entire existence is intelligence gathering! I wish I would've used all my skills to understand Charlotte's heart before it was too late... Well, I'm drifting off subject. Will is a good man and he loves you very much. Please, if you return his feelings, you have to tell him everything about you as soon as possible. If he finds out on his own, it could bear negatively on your relationship." She lost herself in thought, her mind fully engaged in an accelerated shock. She forced herself to calm down. She knew what she had to do. "I'll tell him everything. Next time I see him. I promise. He has the right to know. I'll have a long conversation with my father and Robbie tonight. I know they'll approve." "Thank you Lizzy, and thank you for your assistance with Charlotte. I'll get back to you. Goodbye." "Wait! Before you go, can you tell me what details you have on my family, which are not known to me?" "Lizzy, in my line of work, the most important quality is absolute discretion, always reveal the least information. I can't tell you everything I know, it's only fair because I'm doing the same with my cousin. One thing I can tell you is that you have a lot in common with Will and me. Your ancestors hail from England. Did you know that your great-great-etc. grandfather was from the county of Hertfordshire? His real name was Thomas Robert Bennet and he had an older brother named Thomas Edward Bennet who was the last Bennet heir of your ancestral home. Thomas Edward didn't have any sons but five daughters and when he died the estate was transferred to a distant cousin. Your direct ancestor's male children could have inherited the estate, but he cut all ties with his family when he left for Spain as a young lad, changed his name, and subsequently settled in Puerto Rico." He smiled while Lizzy was in open-mouthed astonishment! "How did you…? What…?" "Hey, just ask your father! There's more, but that's all you're getting from me." From: Lizzy, Saturday: 9 AM: Can you play racquetball? :-) From: Georgie, Saturday: 9:10 AM: OMG! YES! Well enough to beat you! :-D From: Lizzy, Saturday: 9:11 AM: XOXO! I accept the challenge! Can you meet me at Yates at 11? Loser pays for lunch, so, bring $$$! COME ALONE! :-[ From: Georgie, Saturday: 9:11 AM: YES YES YES YES! :-)) :-DD 3 3
A/N: Hello my friends, I'm back. Guess where I was on vacation? Hint: it was warm and sunny! Now I'm back in the cold! That's why I'm sending Lizzy and her friends to Florida, to warm me up! Ha! I'll try to keep them there until winter is over for me. I remember when I began writing this; I was going to complete one chapter each month, coinciding with the actual month in the book. How quickly this idea was abandoned! I have a quick note about this chapter; the evil one is back for a fabulous cameo! She so wicked! Gotta love her! And our beloved Lizzy; isn't she a little naive? Oh well, apart from her exceptionality in many areas of her life, deep down, she's only a 21- year-old girl. We have to understand her! I promise E&D will have a long conversation on this one. Or maybe not. He-he! I anticipate the next chapter will almost certainly be my favorite! As always, the main characters belong to the high priestess of our P&P fandom, the one and only, Miss Jane Austen. All errors and mistakes and omissions are solely my own. I hope you enjoy! Here's the next chapter. Chapter 24 - My Most Esteemed and Noble Lady Catherine The stout mother was lying contentedly on her side, proudly watching her offspring suck her milk with such vigorous satisfaction! They were growing so fast! Soon their little tummies would be strong enough for real food. And then their hard lessons would begin in earnest. She still couldn't understand how this could have happened. To have babies so early, before the bitter cold was gone, was unaccountable! She should've known better than to accept the advances of that fine fellow so soon after their acquaintance. Oh well, such is life, it was too late for complaints. When they were all satiated, she left them in their own little dream world in order to procure some food for herself, as after every feeding session her voracious darlings always left her famished. A pair of incautious field mice and a lazy frog provided a nice snack washed down with a few larvae she extracted while drinking from a shallow stream. When she returned to the den, the babies were fully awake and looking forward to some adventure. As a critical rule of survival they needed to learn, she would normally keep them inside until dark. Today, though, she had an idea. It was time for them to meet the bountiful beast. She was exasperated with the beast because for a long while it hadn't been indulging her with any of the good stuff it used to bring. She remembered with fondness those tender and brittle salty sticks she had learned to crave, along with the fatty round meats, melted with thick sun-like gooey on top, smeared with juicy blood-sauce, and blanketed in both sides with those soft, bouncy mushroom-like chunks. They were so delicious! Ahh! Those were the days! Nowadays, all the beast provided were boring grubs she could have collected herself! Although how the confounding creature could have foraged those at this time when everything was still melting, was a mystery she couldn't care to resolve. Maybe the beast somehow plundered them from those giant tightly-sealed containers found in the corner in the back of the building. It made no difference, she would never argue with free food. When the beast saw the babies, it made a weird sound, 'aww!' Then it kneeled down and began to caress them. They took to the creature immediately, climbing in its arms and legs with reckless abandon, allowing it to hold them while still making those same weird sounds. The mother watched the scene unfold for a while. 'That beast is strange'. Under normal circumstances, she never would have allowed for such a dangerous precedent to be set, the babies needed to learn to stay away from the beasts, they were very bad news. Except for this one, at least for now. Soon it would be time to move on, there was so much she needed to teach them After a few more moments she decided it was enough. Using a distinctive call, which the babies already had learned, she commanded them to return to her at once. The beast jumped as if startled and stood up. The babies obediently ran straight to her side. The beast began to walk backward while looking at the babies with a curious expression on its face, uttering the same weird, 'aww' sounds. After the beast was lost from view, she went to partake of the complimentary repast for today, allowing the babies to nibble on the softer fares. The 'beast' ran to her apartment, her eyes glowing with delight. As soon as she opened the door, she called Jane all excited. "Jane! Jane! You won't believe what just happened! Mrs. Confident allowed me to pet her babies! They were so adorable!" Spring Break finally arrived and with it a break for Lizzy from her exhausting schoolwork. She was taking her final five courses and in all of them, her peers had, by majority rule, persuaded their professors to allow them to take all midterm exams before the break. It was lots of hard work, but the reward was the two weeks coming ahead, free of any and all school worries. Lizzy had been cold and exhausted and was looking forward to escaping to a warmer weather for a few days. She usually spent her Spring Break in sunny Puerto Rico with her family, but this year she was going to Florida for Charlotte's wedding. It was warm enough for her taste. Friday morning, she finally completed a 'Stock Assets Valuation Techniques' essay for her Investment Analysis class. This was an MBA-level course she took as a dare to Robbie and was now regretting it. She could have graduated without having to take this extra course. But no, she had to accept one final challenge! She had spent countless hours in research and analysis, as well as a few sessions with Robbie and Mr. Benes, who both offered valuable input. There were so many methods to value stocks that she ended up making a flow chart in order to make some sense of them all. She reached a noteworthy conclusion, there were too many techniques, and some were too subjective for her taste, especially the 'relative valuation' ones. They were quicker and easier to apply than using absolute methods, but very unreliable. There wasn't a single company anywhere in the world which was a clone of another! She was glad that wasn't her chosen career. After submitting the paper to her professor, Lizzy left with Jane for Reagan National and they set off in a very comfortable private charter jet. Three hours later they landed in a secluded airstrip near West Palm Beach, where a stretch limo was waiting for them on the tarmac. A trimmed, handsome black man dressed in a suit came forward. When Lizzy saw him, she gave him an affectionate hug. "Victor! How good to see you again! How are you and how are Yolanda and your brand new baby?" "We're all in excellent shape, thank you, Miss Lizzy. I have some pictures to show you. Yolanda sends her regards. We hope you visit with us at least once before you leave." "Nothing will keep me from holding that beautiful baby of yours! We'll go there in the morning if Yolanda will be home." "Sure thing Miss Lizzy, we'll be looking forward to your visit! And who's this dazzlingly beautiful lady who's accompanying you tonight?" Jane blushed while Lizzy smiled appreciatively. "This is the lovely Jane Preston, my good friend and roommate in DC. She's visiting us for the first time. Jane, this is Victor Rosario, the estate manager for our property in Palm Beach. We've known each other since I was a toddler. Victor's family has been working along with my family for generations, both here and in Puerto Rico." After the greetings, Lizzy asked, "Is everything arranged for our stay?" "Yes Miss Lizzy, we're so happy you decided to spend some time with us. I wish it was a longer stay, but we'll be delighted to take what you can give us. We'll make the best effort to have you enjoy your time here as much as possible because we want you to visit us more often." "Thank you, Victor. I'm sure we'll have a great time." This was the first time Jane was experiencing Lizzy's world and so far she was very impressed. As she observed the easy rapport Lizzy had established with the pilots, the flight attendant and now with the estate manager, she was proud of her friend and began to understand better the interactions she always had with the staff at Longbourn. They were all her employees; therefore, she was in charge and had control over them. But Lizzy would never take advantage of anyone. On the contrary, she treated them as friends, with empathy, respect, and sincere appreciation. Good for her! After a twenty minute drive, in which Jane admired the beauty of the full moon shining brightly over the Atlantic Ocean along the scenic, coastal State Road A1A while listening to Victor relating to them stories about his adventures with his new baby, they arrived at their destination. The limo stopped by the courtyard of a large, three-story mansion with an extensive garden and softly lighted palm trees scattered all around the property, contrasting favorably with beautiful Easter theme decorations along the stairs and in the front doors and windows. All five members of the mansion staff were aligned outside by the grand stairs waiting to welcome Lizzy and her guest. She greeted everyone by name, with an affectionate hug, introducing Jane. After they were done, they were led inside to a large dining room where the kitchen staff proceeded to treat them to a traditional Puerto Rican meal, leaving Lizzy overjoyed and fully satisfied. She had lots of fun observing Jane experience some of the native offerings. Lizzy's favorite was the greasy pig skin, 'cuerito', soft on the inside, crispy and crunchy on the outside, full of mouthwatering flavors. She laughed when Jane tried it but didn't like it. Jane loved everything else, though. They were both very effusive in their appreciation to the whole kitchen staff. When the meal ended, Lizzy insisted in showing Jane her room. She guided her up a long flight of stairs to the third floor of the house, through a long and zigzagging hallway, until they arrived at the guest room. By that time Jane was disoriented from all the walking. When they went inside, Jane was pleased to find her luggage on a table. There was a large flat screen TV on a wall. Lizzy grabbed a remote control unit laying on one of the two nightstands. When she pressed a button, Jane was expecting the TV to turn on. Instead, the wall-to-wall curtain across the bed opened, showing a cozy outdoor balcony with two cushioned beach lounge chairs. Lizzy slid the glass door open and took Jane outside. Jane sighed in amazement when she realized how close she was to the ocean. "Isn't it breathtaking, Jane? The moon was now closer to the horizon, still diffusing its magical fluorescence on the restless waters of the Atlantic Ocean. The stars were shining diffidently in the background, while the waves were crashing lazily, foaming against the soft sand. The view and the sounds were enchanting. When Jane turned back to thank Lizzy, she was gone. That's when she realized she had been standing there, rooted to the spot in amazement, for a long time. After her nighttime preparations, she decided to do something bold! She took a blanket and a pillow, went outside, moved one of the chairs to the edge of the balcony, laid on it, and called her parents to let them know she was fine. She then spent the night on the balcony video-chatting with Charles, while admiring the beauty of a mild Florida night by the beach, until she fell asleep. A persistent ray of light woke her up. When she opened her eyes she found a smiling Lizzy looking at her. "I see you had the same idea! Did you sleep well? You weren't frightened, being all alone in this vast expanse of sky and ocean?" Jane responded a little groggily, "I wasn't alone, I slept with Charles." "What?" Lizzy voiced in fierce disapproval, "Where's that rascal? Where's he hiding? I knew he couldn't be trusted! Your reputation is in endless ruin!" "Huh?" Jane blushed and immediately got up, "I fell asleep 'video-chatting' with Charles!" She threw her pillow at Lizzy. "You're a meanie! You knew what I meant!" "Ha-ha! Yes, but it was too funny! I couldn't help it! So, I did the same thing last night and fell asleep with the hypnotizing music of the waves. Too bad I didn't have a handsome boyfriend to keep me company." "Oh Lizzy, I'm in love with this place. Can I stay here forever?" "No way little lady. Now please go get ready because we have an early date with a beautiful baby and then we're going for a walk on the beach." After their visit to Victor's house and their walk, they spent the rest of the morning in dreamless slumber, by the terrace pool facing the ocean, lulled by the sound of the waves. That was a nice start to their vacation. At lunch time they received a wonderful surprise when they found Mr. Benes waiting for them in the lunch room. Lizzy immediately ran to his outstretched arms. "Papito! I thought I wasn't going to see you this time! I'm so happy!" "I could not let that happen to my baby, could I? Besides, I wanted to see Jane." After he hugged Jane, Mr. Benes said, "I am very pleased to know that you are now an honorary member of our immediate family. You and Charlotte are now like daughters to me and I will always be at your service if you need me for anything. To celebrate your joining our family, I have a special treat for you." "Please Mr. Benes; I don't want anything else from you. You've already given me so much! I'm very happy to be your honorary daughter. That's all I want, the satisfaction of knowing that you trust me completely and the joy of belonging to your family." "You really are a special person Jane, an angel inside and outside. I promise you will love my treat; it will have to remain in Florida though, so there is no way I will let you take my toy, my child. Don't even try! Ha! Now let us have some food because I am starving!" After lunch, Mr. Benes took them to the roof of the mansion where Jane's 'treat' was waiting for them. They spent an adventurous afternoon flying on the family helicopter piloted expertly by Mr. Benes. They flew all the way north to Fort Pierce and back while stopping a few times in various secluded beaches to collect some of the most beautiful shells Jane had ever seen. They sighted many schools of dolphins, dozens of sharks, a few manatees, a sea turtle, and of course, many luxurious yachts and mansions. They returned exhausted and had a nice relaxing dinner at home. After dinner, Jane went to her room to allow father and daughter some alone time. She ended up sleeping outside again, lulled to sleep with the sound of the waves and the voice of her adoring boyfriend. Lizzy and her father remained chatting and playing board games until late. During the night, Mr. Benes insisted that she play and sing a few songs in the grand piano and she happily obliged him. The two friends left in a convertible on Sunday morning after Victor took Mr. Benes to the airport in the limousine for his return to Puerto Rico. After driving west and south for two hours past Lake Okeechobee, they finally arrived at the entrance of an imposing gated community situated on the outskirts of the city of Kent, or as Jane smartly stated, in the middle of nowhere. They were welcomed by a thick and tall wrought iron gate blocking the road, with the following words engraved in a large steel sign embedded in a concrete column on the side of the gate: ROSINGS PARK RESIDENTS ONLY ALL UNAUTHORIZED TRESPASSERS WILL BE SHOT ON SIGHT AND THEN PROSECUTED Lizzy was at a loss on what to do, when the gate began to slide towards the columns, allowing them to continue on their way. Jane was worried. "Shall we risk it, Lizzy? What if they just lured us in, to take shooting practice?" "Ha! I saw a tiny camera lens by that bone-chilling sign. I hope someone recognized us and that's why they let us in. This is kind of scary, isn't it?" The road was a smooth wide black top painted every hundred feet or so with the words: SLOW DOWN TO 5 MPH YOU'RE BEEN WATCHED The surrounding landscape consisted of perfectly manicured tall bamboo hedges. It seemed there were no other bushes or trees in the whole Rosings Park. The first building they encountered was a large four-story box-like brick structure. The sign on the curve read: Hunsford Apartments. In the front of the building they saw Charlotte waiting, with a big smile on her face. After they embraced, Charlotte said, "Welcome to Hunsford! How's your trip to Florida so far Jane?" "Amazing! Lizzy's 'little house' on the beach was heavenly! I've never slept outdoors in my entire life and already did it twice on that awesome balcony, snuggled up in that comfy chair with the squeezable cushion! Yesterday 'Papa Benes' took us on a fabulous helicopter ride along the coast!" "I'm happy for you Jane, now I'm jealous because I wasn't invited! I see that you're officially our honorary sister. There's one more thing for you to do in order to complete your initiation. You have to visit Lizzy's 'tiny home' in Puerto Rico." "Is that tiny home smaller than the one in Palm Beach?" "Way smaller! It's almost Lilliputian!" They giggled. Then went inside the building where Charlotte proceeded to update them on the wedding preparations. Mr. Collins was waiting for them in the main lobby. "My dear friends, it's such an honor to welcome both of you to our modest abode. As you can see, my dear Charlotte and I have been so fortunate to enjoy the support of the great Lady Catherine, who has made it possible for us to live in such comfort, as you can observe. The responsibility the Great Lady has placed upon our shoulders is enormous, to manage this magnificent apartment complex to the best of our abilities. Each and every day we leave no stone unturned to prove to our Lady…" And so he went on and on until Charlotte interrupted him to show them to their room. He followed them continuing with his speech. "Ahh, the closets, you should see how ingeniously she designed them! See? Lady Catherine suggested that the shelves should always be on the right side in order to minimize the time it takes to store and remove garments. She is such a prolific fountain of valuable information!" Lizzy and Jane couldn't understand how the right side would be more efficient than the left but were afraid to ask, fearing the man would give them another long speech. They continued in the same manner a while longer when finally Charlotte dragged Mr. Collins out of the room. As he was leaving, Mr. Collins told them to prepare for the great honor to meet his benefactress since they had been invited to dinner at Rosings House that same night. They finally remained alone in their shared room, with no spectacular views this time, only more bamboo plants. As Rosings House wasn't very far and they were early, they had a pleasant walk of about half a mile across the park. While attempting to ignore all the exclamations of Mr. Collins, they were examining the landscape. It consisted of the same monotonous tall bamboo hedges perfectly trimmed on both sides of the road. Finally, when they arrived at Rosings House, they were surprised to find the building surrounded by a variety of purple flowers in full bloom! Upon closer examination, they proved to be artificial plants. Jane and Lizzy were wondering why there seemed to be an absence of flowers and trees. When they walked in the mansion they felt as if they had been transported to a museum. Lined up by the walls were life-sized head busts of various personages from past centuries, judging by their appearances. The busts were mounted on four-foot tall wooden bases, each with a golden tag listing its name, living dates and a small biography. Behind each bust were painted portraits of the person from each bust. It gave Lizzy and Jane an eerie feeling as if they were been closely watched by very disapproving old-world aristocrats. Charlotte took Lizzy to a corner where there was a statuette a little smaller than the others. Unlike the other busts, every single feature of the face had been very finely crafted, with intricate details, rendering that sculpture more lifelike than any other in the room. Lizzy examined it carefully. It was a very handsome woman; the name tag read 'Lady Elizabeth Darcy', she was born in Hertfordshire, England in 1776 and died in Derbyshire in 1841. There was no picture and no other information accompanying the small sculpture. "Doesn't she look like you, Lizzy?" Lizzy blushed, as she had noticed the resemblance, "There are certain similarities, but I believe we can say the same about some of us and a number of the sculptures here." "That's not true Lizzy and you know it. Your remarkable eyes look so much like hers! Your perfect nose... and the hair! Such an uncanny resemblance! If I remember well, your father's long lost family hails from that part of England. Maybe this Lady is your ancestor. She was married to a Darcy. Perhaps you and William are distant cousins." "Dear Charlotte, you're a fictioneer, a creator of fantasies! Ha! Although, you could probably be right... I have something in common with this lady. It seems she wasn't a favorite of the family, or at minimum of the lady of this mansion, considering its placement in this isolated corner, the smaller size of the bust, the absence of a wall picture, and no biography. No biography Charlotte! The shame of it all! She was probably an outcast, just like me." "What are you talking about Lizzy? You're not an outcast!" "I'm just saying." "On the other hand," Charlotte declared, "the finely crafted details, especially around the eyes, signify that the artist took a longer time creating this bust. Therefore he loved this sculpture way more than any other in this gallery! She was a special lady, just like you." They passed through another room with similar ornaments until they reached a much larger room with more museum style decorations and paintings. They were so absorbed by the strangeness of it all that they were startled by the fawning voice of Mr. Collins. "My most esteemed and noble Lady Catherine, what a privilege it is to be allowed to be in your presence. We want to kindly thank you for your generous invitation for dinner. Allow me to introduce my dear Charlotte's best friends..." The lady lifted her right hand to silence Mr. Collins, who complied immediately. She began to study the two young ladies. Jane and Lizzy were unsettled by the severe look of the formidable lady. She appeared to be in her late fifties. Slightly plump but it was hard to determine due to the thick old-fashioned clothing she was wearing. She seemed like a representative from another era, just like the busts! Her expression seemed to be in a permanent state of sneer. "I suppose you are Jane seeing as you're blonde with blue eyes, although your friend appears to have a lighter complexion." "Yes ma'am, my name is Jane Preston, a pleasure to meet you." Without acknowledging Jane's greeting, she gave Lizzy a searching look. "And you are Miss Benes, the Puerto Rican girl who rejected Mr. Collins. I don't know why you did it; it would've been to your advantage." Lizzy's anger flared but the lady didn't pay attention, she continued her veiled insults, "It's fortunate for you that you could pass off as a white girl." Lizzy was fuming. 'Dear Charlotte, the things I do for you! Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out.' "I believe you're confusing ethnicity with race, ma'am. Those two are completely distinct characteristics of an individual. In many parts of the world, they don't have a mutual correspondence. If you ever visit Puerto Rico, you'll come across people of many races with the same ethnicity. I am what I am. I've never pretended to be anything I'm not." "You seem to be very outspoken for your age, how old are you?" "I'm a senior in college, so you can probably do the arithmetic." "You cannot be more than twenty-one, therefore you don't need to conceal your age." "I'm not yet twenty-two." Lady Catherine regarded Lizzy with indifference. She perceived a trace of defiance in the young girl, but she was so insignificant that she decided to ignore her. "Charlotte, did you order the flowers I suggested for your wedding decorations at church? I know you wanted fresh yellow roses on each pew, but in my opinion silk, pink magnolias should look much better. You know my taste is superior to yours." Lizzy was already irritated with this lady but now she was outraged. "Charlotte, I thought natural yellow roses were an important part of your dream..." Charlotte quickly interrupted Lizzy with a look of apprehension written all over her face. "No Lizzy, I'm sure Lady Catherine's idea is splendid. The magnolias will look perfect. Thank you so much, my lady, for your excellent advice. I already ordered them." Charlotte immediately changed the subject of the conversation to avoid any possible conflict. She was so ashamed because she knew she had surrendered all her wishes and her dreams in order to please every Tom, Dick, and Harry around her, especially Lady Catherine. She would cry herself to sleep every night and every morning would wake up with a headache. Her only hope was that once the wedding was out of the way, her life could go back to normal. She knew she was only fooling herself. She had dug such a large hole, but she didn't know how to fix it. At first, she was too proud to ask for help, and now she was afraid. It was too late! Her fate was sealed. Lizzy felt mortified for poor Charlotte, but she remembered that this was what she wanted and decided to hold her tongue. 'I'm sorry Charlotte, I love you very much and I'm going to miss you like crazy, but after this wedding is over, I'll never, ever set foot in this awful place!' The rest of the night Lizzy remained silent unless she was addressed, and then she would only talk as little as possible. After dinner was completed, Lady Catherine invited them to play cards, but Lizzy excused herself claiming a headache. Since she wasn't needed to complete the pairs, Lady Catherine presented no opposition to lose her company. The great lady offered neither remedy nor sympathy, while Mr. Collins was dismayed at the presumptive slight to his sponsor. Lady Catherine ordered a member of the staff to accompany Lizzy to the front door and she set off on her way to Hunsford. As she was closing the Rosings House gate, a strange female voice called her name from behind, jolting her. "Lizzy, can I walk with you?" When Lizzy saw her face, she knew the woman had to be related to Lady Catherine, albeit at a smaller scale, and at once she was apprehensive. "By the look on your face, I can see that you recognized me, or at least you can ascertain the resemblance with my mother. Believe me, I'm nothing like her. I hope you understand what I'm trying to say. My name is Anne de Bourgh and you are a very good friend of my favorite cousin, Georgiana Darcy. She speaks very highly of you." "Thank you, Miss de Bourgh, Anne. It's a pleasure to meet you. I didn't know Lady Catherine had children." "Yes, I'm her only child. Not that I'm a child, I'm a fully grown woman. As a matter of fact," she added with a dreamy yet playfully devilish look in her eyes, "I'm engaged to my childhood sweetheart, my darling cousin, my beloved William Darcy, Georgiana's brother. I believe you've met him. I love him so much! We're getting married very soon! I can't wait!" The instant Anne mentioned William's name, Lizzy stumbled and almost fell. Anne had expected a strong reaction from Lizzy, but this was more than she had anticipated. Lizzy was beside herself. Her face was completely red, her mouth opened wide. They remained quiet, Anne was waiting for Lizzy to say something but she just stood there frozen. Finally, after a few more seconds which seemed like an eternity, Lizzy uttered one word very faintly, "Congratulations..." The obvious distress in Lizzy's face proved too much for Anne. She couldn't hold it anymore and burst out laughing. Lizzy was doubly humiliated. She remained silent looking at the floor but was unable to move, dying of embarrassment. After a long laugh, Anne took pity on her and put herself together. With a serious expression of contrition, she began. "I'm so sorry Lizzy, I hope you can forgive my cheekiness and we can be good friends. I can see that your feelings for my cousin run as deep as the deepest ocean. It was written all over your face." "Wh... What? No!" "Ha-ha! Your feeble attempt at a denial is so hilarious!" Lizzy rolled her eyes with displeasure. "Pardon me, ma'am. I have to go, this headache is killing me. Good night." "I'm sorry Lizzy; I'm such an abominable host. Please forgive me. Please allow me to accompany you to Hunsford." They marched in silence for a while. Lizzy was walking fast, trying to put some distance between herself and that impertinent woman. Anne was trying to keep up but she was falling behind the much taller and fitter woman. She decided to break the silence in order to slow down Lizzy. It worked, she caught her attention. "It's true that Will and I have been betrothed for years, but it's only in my mother's twisted imagination. She claims that this was the wish of our respective fathers. Neither Will, nor my aunt Anne, nor myself, believe for one second the ludicrous story my mom has been promulgating about the supposed ambition of our fathers. They loved us too much to agree to such an outrageous scheme. They never mentioned anything of the sort when they were alive. My mother always hinted about it before, but no one took her seriously. It was only after my uncle's death that she began to advance that ridiculous notion. Will and I love each other very much, but only as cousins or almost siblings. In our eyes the idea of us getting married is not only absurd, it's very nearly incestuous. My mother has a distorted sense of reality. First of all, she lives in the past. That's why you saw all the busts and portraits of my family in the house." "Those are your ancestors? Then your house is really a mausoleum! Sorry, I was thinking out loud." "Don't worry Lizzy; I've always been spooked by this creepy burial chamber my mother has created! She almost worships all those people. God forgive me for what I'm about to say: the day after she dies, all of those busts and pictures and sculptures will be gone forever and all the walls will be painted in pastel colors! I'll offer them to other family members or donate them to a museum. If they don't want them, I'll sell them at auction for some charity. Or trash them. Either way, they'll all disappear and will not be missed one bit, no matter what my mom makes me promise on her deathbed! You better not repeat this to anyone! If you do I'll break your legs and cut your pretty face from ear to ear!" She was so small compared to Lizzy and seemed a little sickly, but in that moment she looked so menacing, calling to mind images of a teacup poodle with giant glasses growling like a ferocious tiger! After the initial shock, Lizzy started to laugh so hard she almost fell on her knees. Anne joined her and the pair instantly became friends. After the laughter died down, Anne continued disparaging her mother. "She believes the world revolves around her and everyone's purpose in life is to please her and abide by her rulings. She fancies herself as Catherine the Great. Did you see the fake purple flowers? She's passionate about them as they are associated with royalty, power, and wealth. She populates Rosings Park, her virtual kingdom, with lackeys who bend to her every caprice. I'm sorry to burden you with all this information, I feel so frustrated with my own mother. I needed to get this off my chest. The moment I met you I knew you were trustworthy and we would be best friends." "You can trust me to keep your confidences, although I feel uncomfortable. We barely know each other and it's your mother we're talking about." "I love my mother very much Lizzy, but I'm so tired of living under her rule. For the longest time, I've wanted to escape this place. I was very close a few months ago, but you came along to disrupt my plans, or should I say, your boisterous and mercenary aunt Fanny came along to ruin everything." "She's not my aunt;" Lizzy declared defensively, "Fanny was briefly married to my uncle. Kitty is my first cousin. I have no blood relations with Fanny or Lydia." "I think I'm detecting some resentment on your part. Is this the first time you feel the need to clarify your relationship with them?" Lizzy blushed. "You're probably right. I don't know why I did it, I believe this is the first time I've ever volunteered this information." "I know why you did it. I have this talent, or should I call it, a special gift. People feel compelled to reveal their truths to me. Like your confession just now. Ever since I was a little girl, the folks who surround me, except for my mother, always feel the need to open up to me and share personal details about their lives. I don't ask them, they just do. Sometimes it's a burden, but more often than not it's a blessing. I have so many secrets!" "I'm beginning to believe that you do have some sort of psychic powers. You seem to possess a combination of deep awareness and extrasensory perception. There's an aura around you that perhaps hypnotizes people making them fall at your feet with the need to reveal to you their deepest thoughts. Is that a circle of light over your head? A halo?" Lizzy added with a wicked smile. "Ha! You may be right. I could be an angel in disguise, or..." She placed her stretched index fingers on her forehead to simulate horns, "I could be playing for the other team!" Lizzy had an amused expression in her playful eyes; she opened her hands in front of her chest as if to repel Anne and took a step back. Anne looked confused and then when Lizzy's insinuation hit her, she protested, "That's not what I meant! You know what I meant! You're naughtier than me!" "Ha-ha! It wasn't me but you who said it!" "You're a meanie Lizzy! Oh yeah? Do you want to play dirty? Guess what? I know everything about you, everything! Including all the hotels and the companies and all the hundreds of millions of dollars your family's worth! I know much more about you!" "How do you…? Of course, Fanny and Mr. Collins! Have you told anyone?" "I take my 'gift' very seriously Lizzy. I never betray a confidence or share a secret, unless it's necessary in case of emergency, which so far has never happened. I never told you how I know so much about you and I'm not going to tell you. I can also predict your future," she added with a puckish grin, "yours is truly a very romantic love story in the making. A rich gentleman falls in love with an exceptional but poor lady and when, after many scuffles and tussles, she finally accepts him, he finds out she's worth more than him! And they lived happily ever after! You don't have to worry about me spilling the beans. I'm a true romantic at heart. I'll wait for you to take the lead. So please hurry up, tell him all your secrets!" Lizzy blushed again. This girl seemed to lack any self-restraint! This time she felt the need to say something. "While I appreciate your excellent counsel, I believe you're assuming more than there is. I have to acknowledge my deep feelings for him... Oops…! You must be a sorcerer! I don't know why I told you that! Well, it doesn't matter. I'll never marry. I imagine myself ending my life as an old lady living in a lonely house with hundreds of cats!" "Ha-ha! Oh Lizzy, you really are something. I like you very much already, so much so that I have another confession to make. This time it's about me. I'm in love with a man who is getting married in a few days." "Of all the shocking things you've told me tonight, this is the most astounding! You're in love with Mr. Collins! How can this be possible? And why, if he could have you, was he looking for a wife in Puerto Rico of all places, and also in DC? You seem to have a delightful personality, although a tad sassy sometimes, ha! You're sweet, charismatic, very pretty and super rich! What more would he want?" "Thank you Lizzy, for your hyperbolized compliments. You probably know the answer already." "Your mother intervened!" "Yes, the moment my mother began to suspect an attachment between us, she began to search for an alternative for Wilfred. Then Fanny showed up, she mentioned you, and the rest is history. I'm happy it's not you who's walking the aisle with him, or we couldn't have been besties." Lizzy laughed. "You're something else! I'm happy too. You seem to be a very smart lady with a good head on your shoulders. With no intention to offend you or Mr. Collins, what made you fall for him in the first place?" "It was my third gift. I have the ability to read people's minds. Ok, not exactly, but I can understand their hearts and their disposition. For instance, after knowing you for this brief amount of time, I can sense that you are a generous person, a little immature in terms of love, you're very passionate, adventurous, sweet, loyal, lively, lovely, and outgoing." She grinned, "You're the perfect complement for my cousin Will!" "You better stop talking about your cousin or our budding friendship will terminate abruptly!" "Ha-ha! Sorry Lizzy, I can't resist my matchmaking attempts. As I was saying, I know Wilfred's heart. Behind that sycophantic, toady appearance, there's a smart, loving, discerning, and caring person. I couldn't help falling in love with him. I wish I could help him become more assertive, but he's weak and my mother has such a powerful hold over him. Now it's too late." Lizzy was thrilled because now Charlotte had another ally and a potential way out without hurting Mr. Collins. She could help both her best friend and her new friend. "Don't be so sure Anne. We can at least try. Let me think... I got it! This is what we're going to do! We'll become co-conspirators in our operation to frustrate your mother's designs. Are you sure you're up for this?" "Lizzy, I've already given you an account of my strengths, and now you're witnessing my biggest weakness. I'm not a take-charge kind of person, I'd rather sit down and hope for the best, which is what I intended to do. Therefore, I need your help." "To be honest," Lizzy responded, "I was already committed to doing something about this seemly hopeless situation. Since you know everything about everybody and are the soul of discretion, do you happen to have inside information about another cousin of yours and Charlotte...?" The following day Lizzy, Jane, and Charlotte left Rosings Park very early in the morning before Mr. Collins woke up. They returned to Lizzy's mansion, where they spent the morning walking on the beach, getting wet in the cold ocean, and attempting but failing to create fancy sand sculptures. In the afternoon they visited Victor, Yolanda, and their beautiful baby. In the way back to Rosings Park, they were still talking about the baby. Jane had a dreamy look in her eyes. "Yasmin is such a beautiful girl. She's just what a baby ought to be, pretty, cheerful, giggly, and tender. I can't wait to have my own babies!" She said this with a hazy facial expression, amusing Lizzy and Charlotte. Charlotte said, "You're so lost in love, Jane. When's the big day for you? Has he proposed yet?" That was all Jane needed to wake up from her dream. "What? Oh, no, he hasn't yet. But I'm hoping he will soon. Remember my birthday party last week at Charles' apartment? Which by the way, both of you failed to attend? Charlotte had a good excuse, but you Lizzy, having too many midterms? I know you were cramped for time, but that didn't stop you in the past. Even Caroline came from New York, just for me!" "Sorry Jane, I've been so busy! What about the gift I sent you with Charles? Have you shown Charlotte?" "Oh Lizzy, It's so beautiful! Charles had so much fun with it at the party. I carry it with me always. Charlotte, you have to see it." She opened her purse and extracted a black velvet jewelry box. Inside, there was a diamond name pendant with a gold chain. The pendant was expertly fashioned after four sea creatures connected together, a seahorse, a sea turtle, a manta ray and a moray eel. Each was shaped as a letter encrusted with diamonds forming the word Jane. On each side of the pendant, there was a golden charm. One had the shape of a dolphin with the letter C also encrusted with diamonds. The other one was a shark with the letter L. "This is so beautiful Jane! Lizzy, thank you for including my name! I'm the dolphin, you're the shark and Jane is all these gorgeous creatures! Very clever!" Lizzy grinned, "We're the 'Three Ocean Nymphs', las 'Tres Ninfas del Océano'. Jane, please tell Charlotte about your beau's mischievousness." "Yes! Lizzy gave this to Charles to surprise me. He told everyone it was from him and the two letters meant: Love, Charles. Everyone at the party was gushing about it and telling Charles how great a boyfriend he was. He felt bad because this gift was the sensation at the party. He was about to correct the misconception when his sister Caroline opened her mouth..." Let's go back a few days to Jane's birthday party. After Caroline saw the gift, she took Charles aside whispering in his ear, "I think you went way overboard on a simple birthday gift, are you sure it was worth it? What if you and Jane decide to split up again in a week or in a month? You just poured a lot of money down the drain." Charles was so outraged with his sister's thoughtless remark that he almost shouted his reply. "First of all sister, I don't have plans to split up with Jane in a week or in a month or in a year or in a hundred years if she'll have me! Second, Jane deserves this and much more! And third," now he focused on Jane, who had been listening very attentively while blushing, "this pendant is from Lizzy, she called it the 'Three Ocean Nymphs', Jane, Lizzy, and Charlotte. She was going to give it to you earlier, but I wanted to have some fun with it. I was just going to tell you before Caroline interrupted me. Lizzy felt bad for not been able to come here tonight since she's so busy preparing for midterms. She bought you this special gift to relieve her guilty conscience. There, are you happy now, Caroline?" "But how can she afford this? She's just a..." Darcy had come to the party with the hope of seeing Lizzy. Sadly, once again his expectations were smashed to smithereens. He spent the night avoiding Caroline. When he witnessed Charles's outburst and then heard Lizzy's name, he approached them with curiosity. The moment Caroline made her remark about Lizzy, and he knew she intended to denigrate her, he couldn't hold it anymore. He interrupted Caroline in a forceful manner. "Elizabeth can afford this and more! This only shows her as a loving, kind, caring friend. There's nothing but admiration to bestow upon her. It would do you a world of good if you learned to be more like her. You need to stop spreading false and malicious lies about others or one of these days it'll come back to you in a fury!" Caroline immediately retreated to another side of the house and didn't talk to Darcy the rest of the night. Let's return to Jane, Charlotte, and Lizzy. "I was so mortified Charlotte. Had it not been for Caroline it would've been such a lovely evening full of wonders." "Yes, but it turned out better! Thanks to his 'adorable' sister, Charles shouted to the world how he feels about you. I wish I would've been there, it would've been priceless to witness Caroline's reaction, especially after her 'darling' William defended so passionately the love of his life!" Lizzy was dumbfounded with Jane's disclosure. She had previously told her this story and had intentionally omitted William's part in it. She wondered why this was coming out now. And Charlotte was adding more fuel to the fire! 'Are they both plotting against me? My two best friends in the world?' But Lizzy was a stubborn girl. "I'm grateful to William for protecting my reputation. He's a perfect gentleman. I'll give him that." "That's it?" Charlotte interjected, "His passionate defense speaks louder than an explosion of an atomic bomb about his feelings for you! What more do you expect from him?" "I know, I know. For your information, I've been authorized and I'm very willing to tell him everything about my life next time we have the opportunity to talk in private. He has to hear it from me, so you'll have to keep my secret for a while. There, are you happy now?" Both Jane and Charlotte cheered; finally, things were going great for the three friends. Except for one of them. Jane didn't notice Charlotte's reaction after the cheer. Lizzy did but decided that Charlotte wasn't ready yet for what she had planned for her. It would have to wait. Jane exclaimed, "Oh Lizzy, I'm so happy for you! I'll be very satisfied when Charles finds out everything about you, I feel so bad about concealing something from him." "He knows part of my secret. I showed him Robbie's biography from Meryl Lynch and my monthly expense account. So, he knows I'm not some penniless gold-digging villain as his sister portrayed me. I didn't disclose everything to him, though, not yet. I want William to be the first one to know." "That's so romantic…," Jane cooed. As her two friends were chatting, Charlotte was thinking of the story Jane had just told them. "Hey, I believe we're missing the most important part of your story. Your boyfriend practically proposed to you!" "I know! I felt so overwhelmed with Charles' speech that I wasn't paying attention to Caroline until Will began his passionate speech defending Lizzy. Charles was looking at me with such an adoring smile. After that, we were lost to the world." Lizzy was relieved when her friends changed the subject because it was making her uncomfortable. She was proud of William for standing up for her. In that moment, every positive feeling she had for him resurfaced, making her feel warm inside. But it was too premature to think of him, not until they had the long awaited talk. She began to wonder how he would react when he learned… 'No Lizzy! Focus on your friends! There'll be time to meditate on this later when you're alone.' She decided to carry out the first part of her plan, by beginning to plant the seed of jealousy in Charlotte's mind. "Yesterday, when I met the high-spirited Anne de Burge..." "What did you just say?" Charlotte interrupted Lizzy all confused. "Are you talking about the shy, reserved, sickly girl who barely talks, and only in whispers?" Lizzy laughed. "She wasn't shy with me! She's funny and witty and satirical and very good-natured, probably the total opposite of Lady Catherine. Maybe you don't know her well because you're... Because you've probably never spent time with her alone, far from her mother's influence. Anyway, she told me something interesting about her cousin Richard Fitzwilliam. He recently met a lady and has informed the family that he's ready to settle down with her. She said it happened so suddenly, it was unexpected. He's bringing her to the wedding, according to Anne. I believe Lady Catherine invited them. Didn't she tell you, Charlotte?" Charlotte was left thunderstruck by the news. She scarcely had time to reflect on the issue when Jane, who remembered something about Richard, quickly indicated. "He's a handsome man who seems rather spontaneous, so that wouldn't shock me. Remember the big surprise he gave us all when he kissed Charlotte so soundly at the Darcy's Christmas party? He's certainly a spur-of-the-moment kind of guy! Probably a romantic as well! His fiancée will be a very happy lady." After this remark from Jane, the three friends remained silent, each one thinking of their respective gentleman. Lizzy was contemplating the conundrum that was her love life, Jane was dreaming of her future, and Charlotte was speculating on what could have been. She knew Richard wasn't hers but it hurt to know that he had found someone else so fast. 'I can't blame him, I did the same. What a fool I am, I never had a chance with him. He probably found a lady worthy of his status, while I'm getting my just rewards! I guess I'll never experience true love.' When they arrived at Hunsford, Mr. Collins was waiting for them in a state of excitement. He reprimanded them for not keeping him informed about their whereabouts. Charlotte's cellphone had been mysteriously dead all day. "This was kind of a bachelorette party with my best friends in the world. What's the insistence in having us here all day? Was there an emergency?" "There was no emergency dear, it's just that our estimable Lady Catherine has requested our presence tonight for dinner and you have only half an hour to prepare, so please be quick! You know she objects to being kept waiting for her dinner!" Dinner became another Calvary for Lizzy. For the sake of her friend, she withstood the barrage of indirect incivilities Lady Catherine continued to spew out towards her. Her only consolation was the presence of Anne, who acted as a buffer between Lizzy and her mother. Lizzy was invited to play the piano and sing but she only agreed to play a long boring sonata from Joseph Haydn she had learned when she was very young. Lizzy tried to control her usual exuberance even with that slow sonata, but sometimes she couldn't help herself and would get carried away. When she was done, Lady Catherine had a number of criticisms and advice about correct fingering technique, proper speed, and poor taste. She directed Lizzy to practice harder and with more discipline. To avoid an embarrassing scene, Lizzy kept repeating to herself. 'I love Charlotte, I love Charlotte, I love Charlotte.' The next couple of days they followed a similar routine, at times sans Charlotte, who was busy 'planning' her wedding. In those occasions, Anne took her place. A few times Lizzy and Anne would disappear in one of the rooms of the Mansion to plan secretly. The second day the two new friends left Rosings Park very early in the morning for a few hours without telling anyone why or what they were doing. Thursday morning, the four friends escaped to Lizzy's mansion for one last exciting escapade on the beach. When Lizzy, Jane, and Charlotte returned to Hunsford in the early evening, they noticed an increase in the number of cars in the parking lot. The Darcys and the Bingleys had arrived! Jane was blissfully looking forward to being with her boyfriend again. Lizzy was excited in anticipation to see the man who now reigned supreme in her heart and soul. And Charlotte was dreading to see the man who would never be hers, and the woman who had replaced her in his heart. As soon as the Darcys had arrived at Hunsford, Caroline had almost run to them. She quickly began an obsequious apology, which was civilly acknowledged by the Darcys, but it was evident that her company was not at all so acceptable. She shamelessly remained with them, ingratiating herself into their good manners, boasting of the splendid life she was having and the prominent connections she had already made in New York City. The Darcys knew better, they realized how pathetic she was and felt sorry for her. Caroline had the lucky break to catch sight of Lizzy before anyone else. She seized the opportunity by immediately giving a warm embrace to Darcy, thanking him profusely for his 'kindness and boundless generosity'. Darcy, who was taken by surprise, returned the hug out of genuinely deep commiseration. The hug ended abruptly with Fanny's screech, "Lizzy! I'm so happy to see you! We were in Boston taking care of some business with Lydia's father, but now we're here to stay. Lady Catherine has invited all of us tonight for the final rehearsal and a sumptuous dinner at Rosings. This is going to be so glorious!" The instant Darcy heard Lizzy's name, he pushed Caroline away as if she was on fire. She almost fell from the force of his push but recovered very fast giving a triumphant smirk at Lizzy, who had a frown on her face while attending to her aunt. Caroline continued talking to the Darcys as if nothing had happened, without recognizing, or caring to recognize, the change in the countenance of all three of the members of her party; one of them especially, whose eyes were filled with the utmost contempt. Darcy wanted to approach Lizzy but her relatives kept her occupied, especially her spirited aunt. After Fanny left Lizzy's side, Georgiana went to her, gave her a hug, and began a long, animated conversation. He was very satisfied to observe the great friendship the two had developed. After a while, Georgiana left Lizzy's side to talk to Jane and Charlotte. Finally, she was alone! He was going to approach her, when to his frustration; Lizzy promptly took Kitty to a quiet corner of the room and began a serious conversation with her. Kitty was listening attentively, nodding as if agreeing with her. Although she seemed tense with apprehension, Lizzy's words appeared to be sufficient to calm her nerves. After they finished their talk, a much happier Kitty hugged Lizzy and returned to the group of her family and the Bingleys. For those of you curious about the cousin's interactions, Lizzy provided Kitty a means to escape her dominant mother, thus allowing her to pursue her dreams. Lizzy went straight to Louisa and after hugging her they began to talk about the baby. "When is this precious child coming to join us?" "The doctor said it's still four to six more weeks." Lizzy jokingly said, "So there's a possibility she'll arrive on my birthday, April 20th." "If she does, we may name her Elizabeth in your honor." Louisa said laughing. Lizzy responded playfully, "I don't think you should say this out loud or your sister may throw a fit!" They continued their pleasant chat until Louisa was called by Caroline to join her group. Lizzy was asked as well but she hastily left for the ladies' room. Alone, at last, she began to meditate on the events of that disastrous evening. She had been looking forward so much to this occasion when she would see him again, and to her extreme vexation, the first thing she stumbled upon was a lovey-dovey cuddle between him and that horrible woman! How could he, after all the pain and mortification she had caused? Not only to her but to his own sister and his own mother. And there he was, along with his mother, cozying up to Caroline, as if she was part of their family. She felt jealous and betrayed! It was too much! The distress and tears which the matter occasioned brought on a headache for Lizzy; and added to her reluctance to be in their company any longer, determined her not to attend the rehearsal at Rosings. When she returned, she excused herself claiming a headache. Mr. Collins at first expressed concerns about her frequent headaches, but then he remembered the rehearsal and he couldn't hide his apprehension of Lady Catherine's being dissatisfied by Lizzy missing such an important event. Charlotte interrupted his long discourse by explaining to him that they had rehearsed many times. The health of her friend was more important than another rehearsal, even the final one. Then she accompanied Lizzy to her room, she had been unsettled as well and wanted to escape Richard's presence for a little while. Lucky for her, the woman who would have been her rival hadn't arrived yet. After Charlotte left, Lizzy made a resolution. She was going home for the night and would return the next day, only for the wedding and only for dear Charlotte. After tomorrow, she didn't want to see him ever again! She remained inside by the door listening, where she could faintly hear them, especially Fanny. At one time, there seemed to be some sort of disturbance; they were a little too loud. Maybe someone else showed up. Truth be told, she didn't care if the Queen of England herself had deigned to make a triumphal entrance! She waited until the racket subsided and then waited a bit longer. When she was satisfied they were all gone, she crept stealthily to the parking lot. She almost made it to her car when out of the shadows a tall figure suddenly stepped into her path scaring the living daylights out of her. "Elizabeth, where are you going?"
A/N: Here is the next chapter of my Mary Sue saga. Yes, I'm proud of my unrealistically flawless 'señorita', she's all that and more. The title says it all, Exceptional Lizzy! She's perfect, except for the fact that she's prepossessed as in prejudiced and quick to judge, she's also proud, reckless (raccoons), shy, and thin-skinned. Pretty much like the one and only, EB. Okay, fine, my Lizzy is more accomplished, but just think how much Mrs. Elizabeth Darcy of Derbyshire improved over the years after having access to the best masters and modistes and the brightest minds from London. She became Super Lizzy! What about Caroline? Isn't she a detestable creature? If you like her, don't worry about her, by the end of my book, she'll find her place in the world and will be very happy. She was just in the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong people. As I stated before, I finished writing this book before I began posting these chapters, but I have been changing parts of it (too many to count!) based on some of the comments I receive. I would imagine it would be a similar process if I was working with a beta or an editor and we would be arguing constantly about one thing or another. So please, keep commenting! I love your comments! Thanks! I can't wait to see what happens next. I have a quick announcement, from now on expect bimonthly updates, and no, not the twice-a-month kind, the other one. Ha! Sorry, life happens. Well, that's it. As always, forgive my mistakes and inaccuracies. I try hard to minimize them. Hope you enjoy reading this as I did writing it! Chapter 25 - I Have a Different Sort of Proposal for You Charlotte accompanied Lizzy to her apartment without saying a word. She wanted to commiserate with her but felt it wasn't a good idea. She just sat her on a chair, gave her a hug and left the room. She was familiar with Lizzy's way of dealing with distressing situations in her life; she would rather remain in solitude in order to think. Sometimes she wished Lizzy was a bit more forward, like she was before she met these people. The old Lizzy would've confronted Caroline on her vicious slander the instant she saw her, right there in front of everyone! She herself wanted to give that spiteful woman with the smug, snarky smiles a piece of her mind. But it wasn't her fight. Lizzy was a truly exceptional girl, but she had her share of flaws. After meeting these people, she lost some of her spunk. She wasn't any longer prepared, or willing, to defend herself when the situation called for it. She used to be so feisty! She remembered Lizzy's initial encounters with her friend Monica Carter at the One World Youth Project classroom, they were epic! Yes, those were the days! Nowadays Lizzy was too 'socially correct', too well-mannered to make a scene in front of others, opting instead to endure the mortification in meek silence, while Caroline pranced around like a pompous peacock! 'Had it been me, all manners would've been thrown out the window! I would've dragged that tramp out to the pigsty where she belongs! And those Darcys, what are they doing, indulging that nasty woman as if she's a member of their family? After Caroline's cruel deception and Mrs. Darcy's crying to Lizzy to take back her precious daughter under her wing? They don't deserve Lizzy, none of them! She's better off staying away from the whole lot! Including their other relations! The officious Lady Catherine and their duplicitous cousin! Yes, he's also one of them!' She began to think of Richard. The few times she dared glance in his direction, she noticed he looked so different from his normal self; he seemed bashful, unhappy, subdued. Perhaps he was sad because he was missing his girlfriend... no, not his girlfriend, his fiancée! How quickly they became engaged! She wondered about the other woman. 'Does she look like me? Is her personality like mine? Does she kiss like me? Does she make him feel the way I did? Will she make him happy? Does he love her? Did he ever loved me? ... What am I thinking? Why should I care? I should stop torturing myself. She's probably gorgeous and educated in the highest society circles! Her 'respectable family' must be loaded! It's so unfair! I never had a chance with him! Life is so cruel!' As she was coming into the lobby, her thoughts were interrupted by Wilfred's ongoing discourse about the significance of the final rehearsal, and the probable unhappy consequences for Elizabeth due to Lady Catherine's 'strict sense of punctiliousness', seeing as the Great Lady was a 'woman of great exactitude', not used to such 'undependability'. Charlotte was about to interrupt him one more time when to everyone's surprise, another lady cut Mr. Collins off in mid-sentence. Mrs. Darcy had been holding back her irritation from the very first moment Caroline had approached them that night. She had endeavored to remain civil although she was fuming inside. Caroline had apologized, acting so contrite, but it was clear she wasn't honest. When she was talking about her new life in New York City, she appeared to be optimistic, but when she began her recital of the famous people she had purportedly befriended, she became so pathetic. For a moment, she felt sad for her. But then, when Elizabeth made her discreet entrance, all pretense was forgotten, the charade was up! Caroline threw herself at her son in the most brazen fashion taking him by surprise! Before he could recover, it was too late, the damage was done. Then, she blatantly ignored the disapproving looks she was now giving her and continued talking with them with such a nonchalant air. She had no shame whatsoever! And now Mr. Collins was passing judgment on Elizabeth. Was there no end to the madness? She couldn't hold her suppressed rage any longer. So she interrupted him. "Mr. Collins, please be assured of this; my sister won't make any changes in the wedding party. I will personally vouch for Elizabeth; she has the right to have as many headaches as she needs to have. She has been selected by her best friend to be her maid of honor and no one but the bride can alter this arrangement. One more rehearsal won't make any difference. If there are any changes or adjustments, I'm certain Charlotte will apprise Elizabeth in the morning. Before we move on, I have an important announcement. Miss Caroline Bingley, I'm extremely disappointed with your performance tonight. Not only have you endeavored to manipulate us in the most immodest fashion into accepting you, but you cunningly placed my son in a very uncomfortable position. You used him in the worst possible way to hurt the sensibilities of that confused child. I don't blame her for feeling so vulnerable. I'd probably feel the same way, especially after your reprehensible behavior towards her in the past. As for you, young lady, in spite of my assurance to Charles that I would give you another opportunity, you have burned your bridge with my family. I'm done with you! I don't want you to continue in my presence any longer. You have to leave now!" Up until that moment, Caroline had been strutting around as if she was a princess in her own kingdom. She thought she had them all convinced of her goodwill and her brand new, pleasant personality. She had even been nice and polite to Eliza, inviting her to join her group, but the ungrateful twit refused. Hey, she tried to extend an olive branch to her! Everyone saw it! She was proud of her own craftiness. The hug she gave to William had been just an innocent act of mutual esteem between long time friends. Of course, the timing had been just perfect! She was so clever! Apparently, her triumph proved to be short-lived! She immediately shifted gears into victim mode. "Please Mrs. Darcy," she pleaded while shedding some tears, "If I caused any pain to anyone, it wasn't by design and I deeply regret it. I didn't mean to. I've been genuinely sincere in my apologies!" Darcy, who finally found his voice after having his composure disturbed all night by Lizzy's cold shoulder, countered Caroline. "You have not! You took advantage of our civility and my compassion in the most inexcusable, unforgivable manner! I'm appalled at your shrewdness. Charles, James, Louisa, I'm going to ask you to please remove Caroline from Rosings Park without delay. She's no longer welcomed here. Please understand, this is in no way a reflection on any of you. You're invited to return once she's gone..." "You can't do that!" Caroline cried out, knowing she had nothing to lose, "Neither you nor your mother have any rights in this place. Only Mr. Collins and ultimately Lady Catherine can have this privilege! I'm not going anywhere…" "Caroline! Shut up!" The whole night long Charles had been in a state of blissful happiness with his darling Jane. They both were so intoxicated with one another as to miss all the interactions with Caroline and with everyone else, until they were stunned by Mrs. Darcy's uncharacteristic outburst. Charles, who had been instrumental in the acceptance of Caroline by the Darcys due to his friendship with them, immediately felt responsible for her bad behavior. Before she could utter another word, he quickly took her by the shoulders, spun her around so she could face him and interrupted her. "This is the final straw! I'm taking you away right now, straight to the airport! You won't be allowed in my presence for a long time! James, can you please help me escort my sister out?" "With pleasure! Wait until my mom hears of this. She won't be very happy with you. I don't know if she'll take you back." "Please no! I'm sorry, I'm sorry!" Charles was mortified. "Be quiet! Will, Mrs. Darcy, and everyone here, please accept my deepest apologies, it's my entire fault. I shouldn't have imposed on you to put up with my sister. She made me look like a fool. I feel so stupid for believing she had changed. I'd understand if you don't want to see me again. I'm so very sorry. We're leaving now." "Charles!" Mrs. Darcy kindly responded, "Go and take your sister away from us, but you have to come back and James as well. We're keeping Louisa with us to ensure your return; she's in no condition to be exposed to further stress. We'll take good care of her. Your injudicious sister shouldn't be allowed to cause anguish to any more innocent people. As for you Caroline, I've known you for a long time. I know deep down you're a good person; I hope you use this unfortunate experience as a learning opportunity for your future relationships. I wish you the best. You can leave now. Charles and James, please return promptly." "Thank you, Mrs. Darcy; I'm much obliged for your generosity." Before she was taken away, Caroline couldn't resist giving a parting shot. "I don't understand why you care for Eliza so much. She's just an insipid weakling, a lowly, spineless doormat who can't even defend herself! She won't make a good wife to..." Slap! "Stop spreading your filth!" An irate Louisa exclaimed, "I'm ashamed of you! Lizzy has something you'll never have sister, good breeding. You have burned your bridges with so many people tonight, including your own family! You lied to us! There's so much you'll have to atone for! I wish I would've done this a long time ago! Charles, James, please take her away." Caroline was about to scream but Charles quickly distracted her by grabbing her by the legs, turning her upside down and lifting her on his shoulder. They left in a hurry, ashamed of the spectacle they were making. The room was left sedated; the stillness was broken only by Louisa's soft whimpers while being comforted by Mrs. Darcy. No one dared say a single word, not even Mr. Collins or Fanny, who, while not aware of the full extent of Caroline's misdeeds which inspired such a hasty removal, were both amazed at the shocking display these purported people of greater rank had exhibited. Soon, everyone began to depart for Rosings with the exception of Darcy, who opted to remain in Hunsford for the time being. Richard told him to take all the time he wanted. If necessary, he would excuse him with their Aunt. Darcy's first impulse had been to go to Elizabeth's room, but he wasn't sure if she was awake or if she'd be willing to receive him. Before she left, she seemed really distressed. Perhaps she really had a headache and wanted to sleep it off. It was a moot point anyway because he didn't know her room number. She was so close, so close and yet he felt so far removed from her, in many ways. A most promising night had turned into a nightmare. 'I wish I would've been more forward, I should've gone straight to her to reassure her in front of everyone. To let her know she's the only one for me. I don't know why I didn't do it; she does something to me which constrains me. I can't describe it. She didn't give me a single glance the whole night!' He decided to go outside to get some air. As he was walking by the parking lot, he noticed someone quietly approaching from the building, moving very swiftly. When he realized what was about to happen, he almost ran to intercept her before she reached her car. "Elizabeth, where are you going?" When she recovered from the shock, she looked at him with contempt written all over her face, responding angrily. "Where I'm going is none of your business! Please step aside and let me go. You sir, you shouldn't be here. Your dear aunt requested your presence. I don't think you want to disappoint her, or your 'treasured' friends. Good night." She made an attempt to go around him but Darcy blocked her again. "Forgive my rudeness, but I cannot, in good conscience, allow you to drive alone anywhere this time of night." "First of all," she retorted, "I'm not a little girl! And second, you're nothing to me! If I want to drive at night I'm going to do it in spite of your conscience!" "Please Elizabeth, I know you're upset. But this is bigger than you being mad at me! If you're going back to the city, the road from Kent is very long and deserted. I'd never forgive myself if something would happen to you while driving by yourself." "I just told you sir; I don't need your permission. Would you please excuse me?" He knew it would've been impossible to forestall her any more without physically restraining her, which would have been in itself counterproductive to his ultimate goal. So he decided to reveal something of significance to attempt to gain her attention in order to buy him some time. "Caroline is gone! My mother and I expelled her from Rosings." Lizzy was about to get in the car when she turned around in astonishment. "What did you just say?" "My mom was very angry with Caroline. She accused her of being deceptive and conniving. She told her she was no longer allowed in our presence. I agreed with her. Charles and James took her to the airport and will return afterward. Louisa remained with us. Caroline put on a big fight!" "Oh, so that explains all the commotion I heard! I thought... Well, it doesn't matter, I don't care. I'm sorry for you Mr. Darcy; you must be so distressed at the loss of your beloved Caroline. I wonder why you're here and not running after her!" "What? She's not my beloved, she's absolutely the opposite! Wait a minute, are you jealous?" "Me? No! Why should I?" Her cheeks became the prettiest pink he'd ever seen. When she recognized the amorous way he was looking at her, her blush became more pronounced. After a few moments, she recovered. "You're insufferable!" He gave her his most winning smile, one that could drive any woman to insanity. Then he responded in the most debonair way, "And you are charmingly adorable." His infallible charming entreaty didn't have the desired effect on her. She just rolled her eyes. "I'm wasting my time here. Good night sir and goodbye." This time he had to act. He stood in front of the door so she couldn't open it. She stared at him with such ferocity that he almost gave up. They stood in place for seconds, which seemed hours. Finally, his legs faltered and he relented with a final plea. "If you want to leave, I won't stop you. However, I'd be extremely worried at the idea of you being all alone in that long dark road. I recall with apprehension your mishap last November in North Carolina... although it wasn't your fault at all; the thing is, it's impossible to predict what might happen. Please, I humbly ask for you to allow me to take you wherever you're going. I promise you won't have to talk to me. Please, Elizabeth, don't go by yourself, I beg you." Before heading out, Lizzy had been a bit reluctant to drive on her own. She had almost called Edgar to pick her up, but the thought of sweet Yasmin cuddling with her parents, kept her from disrupting him at night. She also called a taxi but they told her there was no service to Rosings as Lady Catherine had banned all forms of public transportation inside the Park. She had to decide on whether to go on by herself and risk it, return to the apartment and do some more thinking, or allow this infuriating man to take her home. Mr. Darcy had made his case with great passion. His plea appeared to be genuine, he was practically imploring. In the end, she decided on the less painful of the choices. Possibly, subconsciously, she made the choice her heart demanded. The sound of her name on his lips had an odd effect on her which she couldn't comprehend. "All right, if you want to take me so badly I'll allow it. Are you sure you can afford to slight your favorite aunt? Wouldn't she be too upset with you? Are you not afraid of the consequences for your sudden act of disappearance?" "I am my own man, I'm not afraid of her and she's definitely not my favorite aunt, far from it. That privilege is held by Richard's mother. Please come this way." Darcy escorted her to his car, a large, luxurious SUV, which took up two parking spots. When Lizzy saw the car, she couldn't resist laughing. "Shall we be safe in this tiny car?" She had no idea of the effect her enchanting laugh had on him. He waited a bit to compose himself and finally was able to explain with ease. "There are four people in my party with mom, Georgiana, and Richard. In addition, we offered a ride to James and Louisa from the airport." "Don't forget your darling Caroline," Lizzy interjected with bitterness, "She, without a doubt, was sitting next to you." Darcy corrected her. "My 'not darling' Caroline was definitely not invited. She came in with Charles. Furthermore, to everyone's satisfaction, she's now gone." With an amused expression, he added, "I'd suggest you expel her as well. Please watch your step." He opened the door for her, holding his hand forward in the hope she would allow him to help her climb into the car. Although she didn't need assistance, instinctively she accepted the offered chivalry. The fleeting moment when their hands touched they both felt an upsurge of emotion, but said nothing, as he closed the door and climbed to the other side. Before the gate opened, allowing them to leave Rosings, a photo was taken by the automatic security system in the gate. That photo would be shared later that night with Lady Catherine. "Sir, Snow White removed herself from the Queen's Compound at twenty hundred hours. Prince Charming is escorting her in a navy blue Cadillac Escalade ESV with license plate _. They're headed east towards the coast. Their current location coordinates are N26° 36' 33.2" W80° 49' 21.8"." "Understood, you have visual I suppose?" "Yes sir. A night-vision auto-tracking drone was deployed as soon as the car went through the gate. We have two teams in readiness along the route. We also have audio from her cell phone providing a real-time feed to alert us if she's in immediate danger." "Do not listen to the conversation between Snow White and Prince Charming. I repeat, do not listen to their conversation. Those are direct orders from above. Prince Charming has full, unrestricted access to our princess." "Oh no, sir. You can't be so cruel to us! That's the best part of our job! We have a betting pool for their courtship milestones which require exact times to the second; we need to hear certain keywords for our wagers." "I know the real reason you want to eavesdrop, you romantic fools! Regrettably, we have to follow strict orders, so desist at once! You'll have to do with just visual inputs. I'm positive you can extrapolate the data for your frivolous bets. I won't tell the big kahuna." "Yes sir. Thank you sir. Audio feed between Snow White and Prince Charming is being cut off… Done." "Excellent! Maintain strict visual surveillance. Stay with them until she's inside BH5 [Benes House 5], assuming that's their destination. Anything else?" "Yes sir. Before they went through the gate, the Compound's security system took a high-resolution photo of the vehicle occupants and stored it on their private server. This could potentially be prejudicial to our princess." "Can you retrieve the photo from the server and alter it to remove her?" "Yes sir. We already have a team working on this." "Excellent. Anything else?" "No sir." "Good job. Keep me posted." "Yes sir." After a few minutes of tense silence, Darcy attempted to break the ice. "Do you have any music preference?" "No." He found a Miami radio station playing smooth jazz. "Is this to your liking?" "Thank you, yes." "Jane told us that school has kept you very busy lately. I hope you did an excellent job in your midterms." "Me too," she answered drily. "Are you still teaching Saturdays at Bell Multicultural High School?" "Yes." "How's Robbie? Is he coming to the wedding?" "Pardon me sir; I believe you promised we wouldn't have to talk." "Yes I did, forgive me. I won't bother you again. I'll just drive." For the next few minutes, the silence in the car became unbearable to Lizzy. She began to feel guilty for being so hostile to him, especially after he had gone out of his way to take her home. 'Why does this man affects me so strongly?' She figured having a normal conversation with him would be better than the excruciatingly tense silence. "I had five midterms and wrote two research papers before spring break. I was so swamped! It was crazy! Now I'm taking a well-deserved breather in preparation for the home stretch, which is looming ahead. When I leave DC, I'll miss my OWYP students so much! Except for Monica Carter, my favorite student, she's my friend for life. We'll keep in touch no matter how far we end up being from each other. And finally, yes, Robbie's coming tomorrow for the wedding. Then we'll remain in Florida until next week." William was listening attentively when something she said caught his attention. "I'm sorry; did you say 'when I leave DC'? I don't understand. I thought you were going to Georgetown Law?" "That was my intention until a few weeks ago. I already applied to NYU School of Law and to the University of Puerto Rico School of Law, my father's alma mater, and have been accepted to both. I haven't made up my mind yet, although I have a pretty good idea where I'm going. I promised my father to wait until I graduate before I make my final decision." "May I inquire as to why you're contemplating leaving DC?" He said this with a mix of sadness and apprehension. He already knew the reason; she wanted to get away from him. He remembered all the ungenerous remarks he had uttered against her. It was incredible, but he now felt disconnected from that other man that he was before Elizabeth changed him. At first, Lizzy was annoyed with him for asking such a personal question. By the look on his face, she supposed he knew the answer. But she was being generous and decided to be civil to him. After Charlotte's wedding, she expected not to see much of him, probably until Jane's forthcoming wedding which would be some months in the future. She was certain with enough time and distance separating them, the strong feelings she had for him, which she was trying to suppress, would fade and eventually disappear. At least that was the resolution she had adopted that night. To be honest, she was uncertain, because she was, as Anne wisely told her the other night, immature in love. She couldn't deny it anymore. She was deeply in love with this stranger sitting next to her. It was so disquieting. "My best friends are abandoning me. Charlotte is making what I believe to be the worse decision of her life, but it's her choice and I'll support her no matter what. As far as Jane is concerned, I barely see her anymore. I miss my family and I'd rather be closer to Robbie or my dad. My choice is still not clear yet." "I thought you were making new friends in DC? Georgiana loves you very much. And there are others for whom it would be excruciating to part from you." With a look of supplication, he continued. "Is there anything I can do to prevail upon you to remain in DC?" 'Yes! Stay away from me! You hypocritical, proud, inconstant, insufferable, confusing man!' All these words crossed her mind, and she was about to throw them at him when she looked in his eyes and was mortified to discover a trace of real pain. She was conflicted and for a moment she was at a loss for words. She waited a few minutes in order to control her revolting feelings. Finally, she decided to ignore his question and focus on the only positive aspect of their relationship so far and the only point in which they could both be in agreement. "Georgiana is a breath of fresh air. I'm so happy to call her my friend. I hope we'll always remain close regardless of where we are. I was surprised to learn she's contemplating NYU as one of her college options." He responded, "I believe NYU would be an acceptable choice for her, although she hasn't decided yet." "Hopefully," she teased, in an effort to rile him, "the consideration of her being in such close proximity with certain undesirables won't dissuade her from making the best decision she can make." He winced, "I understand your meaning. You have to believe me, and never doubt it, I have no concerns whatsoever about Georgiana's association with you or with your brother. On the contrary, I believe you're helping her become a happier, better person and for that, I'll forever be grateful to you." Lizzy would have ordinarily been flattered by such compliment, but she had this lingering resentment which she couldn't forget. "There was a time when our association wasn't that welcomed; in fact, some of us were considered as very unfavorable acquaintances to certain superior personages. I'll never forget the humiliation I felt when Georgiana told me she wasn't allowed to talk to me. I've never, ever, felt so degraded in my entire life." She didn't look at him and couldn't control a tear to escape her traitorous eyes. Darcy knew she was referring to his remarks about Robbie the last time they talked during their dance at the Smithsonian, and his mother's ill-fated decision to forbid Georgiana from associating with her. He felt the compelling need to comfort her, but he quickly abandoned that idea. "Please allow me to express the following in no uncertain terms; my entire family has the utmost respect and admiration for both you and Robbie. I'll never prevent my sister from having any type of relationship with any of you. I'd rather encourage it." They both remained silent for a few minutes. Lizzy's spirits were fluttered while Darcy was feeling very strongly the need to bare his heart and soul to her, but he knew that at this moment such an approach could be harmful to his ultimate objective. So he opted to stick to his plan and follow a safer tactic. "In all these months my affections and wishes about you are unchanged. Regrettably, I'm painfully aware that your low opinion of me hasn't changed either. I'd like to make a new request to you which, if you allow it, will benefit both of us. You won't have to betray your own feelings towards me but hopefully, this will help improve them. I have a different sort of proposal for you." That little speech from Darcy threw Lizzy into a state of panic. 'A different sort of proposal? What's the meaning of that? There's only one type of proposal that would be proper! Not that I'm asking for one! But that sounds so wrong, so offensive!' She felt like jumping out of her seat to escape through the window in an attempt to run away, but they were going fast and the window was closed; it would have been too dangerous to attempt an escape under those conditions. "I don't want to be in your company any longer or hear what you have to say! I'm not that kind of girl! You're insulting me! Stop the car immediately so I can get out!" Although mortified by her accusation, he attempted to calm her down. "You keep misinterpreting my meaning. Can I explain myself before you become more alarmed? Please understand this; I would never, ever, disrespect you in any way! My entire being would revolt by the very idea! My proposal is the following. Would you consent to be my friend? This is an honest request with no strings attached. All I'm hoping is to gain an improvement in your good opinion about me, which by the way, seems to be lower than I thought possible. I know this will be a very difficult paradigm for you to reconcile, due to my own mean-spirited interactions with you in the past. If you please allow me, I'd like to take the first step by telling you a story. Is this acceptable to you?" She instantly regretted her childish outburst. "I feel like a silly and ignorant girl. Please accept my apologies for my ridiculous behavior. It was undeserved. You can proceed with your story." He gave her a grateful smile. "This is a story about a man named William who was born with a silver spoon in his mouth. He was surrounded by people whose only purpose was to satisfy his needs and obey his wishes. He wasn't vain and conceited; his parents didn't allow him to be so. He was rather cautious and reserved; I guess you could say he had, or has a typical introverted personality. To please his parents, he tried to be open and friendly with others, to which he mostly succeeded. His life was good and amenable. Then, just as it happened to you with your dear mom, his beloved father died prematurely when William was a sophomore in college. His life changed in an instant. No longer being the congenial heir, he was now the head of the family, with many responsibilities. People began to treat him with undisguised obsequiousness, and he stopped trying to be friendly. He was not allowed to mourn for his father because he was expected to fill the role in his family that his father had left vacant. He stored away his emotions somewhere inside his heart the best way he could." Lizzy observed, "I can sympathize with poor William. I did the same for so long. Please continue with your story." "He was lucky to have the support of his family, at least until a few months after his father's passing, when his mom almost died. She had a severe stroke which kept her in the hospital for weeks. Thank God she recovered fully. The only damage she suffered was a severe case of retrograde amnesia; she lost a large part of her memory which she hasn't gained back yet. That was another setback for William. For a while, he had the full responsibility for his little sister and his own mother. At times he felt overwhelmed. He coped with his circumstance by creating a mask for himself, hiding all his feelings, because he had to be the source of strength for everyone around him." Darcy took a short breather to look at Elizabeth, who was listening attentively. She smiled, encouraging him to continue his story. "William created his own little world where the pieces fell perfectly into place to accommodate his wishes as well as his needs. Basking in his own overbearing pride, he used his friends and in some instances his own relatives, as a sort of shield between himself and the undeserving plebeians. His imperfect world was functioning as flawlessly as a well-oiled jalopy if you catch my drift." She giggled. "I can visualize a pit crew consisting of the Bingley, Darcy, and Fitzwilliam clans hard at work to keep a very bold, dignified, and cape wearing William Darcy, standing on his red jalopy facing the wind. Ha! Please go on." "Exactly! You just captured the essence of his ridiculous scheme. 'Darcy Andrews Crossing the Delaware'. Ha! Everything was running smoothly. In fact, he would've probably continued living in that imperfect world all his life had it not been for a most intelligent and sensible lady, who broke through his defenses to disrupt the well-ordered status quo he had established. In no time, all the pieces scattered like a finely crafted house of cards built on a raft in the middle of the ocean caught in a violent squall. This special lady generated a state of extreme confusion and disorder in his mind. His whole outlook on life changed, hopefully for the better. He'll never be the same person he was before. Indeed, he barely recognizes the man he was before he met her." While he was narrating his story, he would glance at Elizabeth from time to time. She was very quiet, hanging on his very words, but then he began to sense a slight agitation in her expression and decided it was enough for now. "This is the end of my story. So, back to my new proposal, would you agree to be my friend?" Darcy completely misread Lizzy, whose spirits were agitated beyond description. Had he been even remotely aware of her strong temptation to throw herself into his arms and kiss him soundly, he would have been stunned but extremely gratified. Unhappily for our couple, Lizzy had more self-control than she would've liked. Also, they were on a very dark road moving at close to 70 miles per hour in a behemoth of a car, not the most romantic setting. She waited a few seconds to stop her fluttering heart. Her spontaneous, playful side came out shining through her lovely personality. She gave him a big smile holding out her hand to shake, replying, "Hello my new friend, my name is Elizabeth Benes, but you can call me Lizzy. It's a pleasure to meet you." Darcy was ecstatic! 'Elizabeth Benes is my friend! I can put a check mark on this significant goal!' He shook her hand, both feeling once again the intense emotion their touch conveyed. Although he wanted to keep the connection forever, he removed his hand, made a fist and offered her a fist salute. "Hi Lizzy, my name is William F. Darcy. Since you're now my friend, you'll have to call me Will." Lizzy laughed at his light-heartedness. She decided she would like this new friend very much. "So, your middle name starts with an F. I'll guess it is Figaro." "No," he said with a big grin. "Is it Franklyn?" "No." "Fernando?" "No." "Francisco?" "No," he was beaming. "I got it! It's Fitzwilliam." "Now you're being cruel! That's my mother's last name. Here between the two of us, I think that name is hideous! Can you imagine anyone naming their child Fitzwilliam? You can't quote me on what I just said or I'll deny it and sue you for defamation of character. Please be advised, I have good lawyers." "Ha-ha! Then I admit defeat," she said with a light tone of frustration. "I'll give you one more chance. To be fair, here are a few hints. You were pretty close on your last attempt, my family comes from Boston, we have a summer home on Cape Cod, and I have a little Irish blood on my father's side. I suggest you don't mention this last fact to Aunt Catherine, she's one hundred percent British and is not pleased by our Irish connection." "Boston! I didn't know. Wow! Let me think… Fitzpatrick…? No, wait… Cape Cod… Irish… I think I got it! You are one of the Noble Knights of Camelot, Sir William Fitzgerald Darcy the Tenth." William was enjoying this new playful side of Lizzy. His heart was pounding very hard. "You're so close my fair maiden. I'm actually the plain Mr. William Fitzgerald Darcy the Fifth. Please drop the undeserved title; Sir Lancelot I'm not! Before you ask, I'm not related to the family from Camelot either." "Wow!" She exclaimed, "I can't believe I was almost spot-on! Did you ever live in Boston? Or was it just your dad?" "Both of my parent's families are originally from Boston. We moved to DC when I was a boy, so I don't remember much about this city, except for when we visit friends and relatives. For many years I've had this feud with my dad, I hate the Red Sox, the Celtics and especially the cheating Patriots! Although out of respect for my dear father I keep some Sox memorabilia in my office. On my desk, there's a picture of my father and me at Fenway Park. I was dressed up in red and blue. I once told my dad that was the last time I'd wear anything…" Darcy stopped when he glanced over his shoulder noticing Lizzy's expression which all of a sudden had turned gloomy. He didn't understand why the abrupt change. "Are you okay? Did I say something wrong? Am I such a bad friend that I insulted you without trying? Forgive me if I did. It wasn't intentional." She smiled briefly and turned serious again. "I was just thinking of the coincidence. My mom was also born and raised in Boston. She met my father when she was my age and when they married she moved to Puerto Rico, leaving her family and friends behind. She used to tell me stories about her youth growing up in that picturesque city. I miss her so much. Do you miss your father?" "Very much. He was a very important part of my life! The first few years I used to go to his tomb often. We had many long conversations, all one-sided. As time went by, the pain became more bearable." She sighed sadly, "I imagine time is the best antidote to alleviate the pain. My mom once found this sentence in her favorite book and made it her own philosophy: 'Think only of the past as its remembrance gives you pleasure'. I wish I could embrace that philosophy! It's a hopeless pursuit of an ideal! I'm going to tell you a secret I haven't told anyone, not even my family or my two best friends, as I don't want them to worry about me. So, you have to promise to keep it to yourself. Pinky swear?" "Pinky swear." To say Darcy was enchanted by her playful nature would be an understatement. After linking their pinky fingers together, Lizzy continued, turning somber once again. "Sometimes I cry at night thinking of my mom, wishing she could come back to me." Darcy wanted to hold her tenderly, to give her comfort. He gently wiped a tear from her cheek with his finger. "I wish I had a magic wand I could wave to cease your suffering at once. Regrettably, this is impossible. I promise you this, though, apart from time being the best medicine for a broken heart, talking with someone helps a great deal. I was lucky I had Anne in those moments when I needed a shoulder to cry on, as she had experienced the same grief with her father a few years before me. As for you, since I'm your new BFF, I'll always be available when you feel the need for a comforting ear." She giggled. "Ha! I see Georgie has taught you well! Thank you, my Big Fat Friend! Ha! Next time I feel like crying on a Tuesday at four in the morning, I'll give you a call. You must promise to always answer, to listen to me patiently, and to not berate me for calling at such an ungodly hour!" "Never! I'll feel honored to have the opportunity to help my 'Mejor Amiga Por Siempre' [Best Friend Forever]! Ha! I'll always make time for you no matter when, at four in the morning or at four in the afternoon. In English or Spanish, although, please remember, 'solo sé hablar un poquito' [I can only speak a little]. Please, try not to call me during March Madness! Because then I'll be the one to cry, especially when our Hoyas are losing. After they do, I'll be yours at all times." For the rest of the trip, they continued their lively, sensitive and compassionate exchanges. Darcy was convinced more than ever that he had found his partner in life. Lizzy had never been so happily entertained. During that delightful time spent with him, she was the happiest creature in the world. Instead of going to her home, Lizzy directed him to Cheapside, a blue-collar neighborhood a few miles south of Palm Beach. The instant he parked the car in front of Edgar's home before she could react, he dashed out in order to assist her in getting down. They kept their hands linked together a little longer than necessary. When he noticed her pretty flush, he reluctantly let go. Self-conscious, he turned to leave, but she wasn't ready to part with him so soon. So she timidly asked him, "Do you have to leave now? There's something very important I have to tell you." Upon hearing those magical words, his legs faltered. He almost slipped as he did an about-face, causing her to smile. He forced himself to calm down while thinking, 'She wants to tell me something important! Would that I be so lucky so soon?' "I can stay here for as long as you want. I have all the time in the world." "Would you like to walk on the beach?" "I'd love it!" he said a little too enthusiastically causing her to give him another pinky smile. "Excellent! Let me tell my friends, as they're expecting me. I'll be right back." She went into the house. It was a modest, older concrete ranch home in a nice, well-kept street with similar residences. He supposed the main selling point had to be the closeness to the Atlantic Ocean. He estimated it would take less than ten minutes to drive across the lagoon into Lake Worth Beach. Five minutes later she returned with a black couple in their late twenties and a baby in her arms. "Will, allow me to introduce you to my good friends Edgar and Yolanda Román and their beautiful daughter Yasmin. Jane, Charlotte and I are in love with this super cuddly baby. Yasmin, can you say hello to my friend Will?" Lizzy was curious to see how Will would react in the presence of these people so different from him. As she introduced her friends, she stole a sly look at him, to see how he endured it. At first Will was surprised by Lizzy's association to them, however, he sustained it with fortitude. He relaxed immediately and made an effort to be agreeable to the family. They chatted about the nice Florida weather this time of year, the convenient proximity of the home to the beach, and fishing. The baby was very pretty indeed. After a few minutes of pleasant conversation, Lizzy cuddled Yasmin one more time before giving her to Yolanda. "Will and I are going for a walk on the beach; I'll see you guys later." "Pardon me," Will asked, "Is it safe this time of night?" "Pretty safe," Edgar replied, "Especially around Lake Worth Pier. You just missed a bonfire they had tonight at the beach. Most likely you won't be alone as some of our locals are still enjoying a leisurely walk this time of night. Goodbye Will, it was nice to meet you." 'Be very careful, Mr. William F. Darcy; we're watching you very closely!' "Thank you, Edgar and Yolanda; it was a pleasure for me as well. Congratulations on your beautiful baby Yasmin." Lizzy was proud of Will's attentions to her friends. He even took care to learn their names, comporting himself as a true gentleman. She noticed the effort he had made to make them feel at ease. Her heart had been touched tonight in many ways. Let's give our favorite couple some privacy and go to Kent for a while. Back at the Rosings House drawing room, Georgiana was chatting with Kitty while Lydia was walking around the room talking, texting and taking selfies in her phone. The two friends were discussing their high school graduation and college plans. Kitty said, "It's so much fun to be back in Florida, especially this time of year. Georgie, can I tell you a secret? Only Lizzy knows and no one else here. You have to promise not to tattletale on me." "I promise. Cross my heart and hope to die," Georgiana replied, using a solemn voice while making the sign of the cross over her chest. "And stick a needle in your eye!' Kitty retorted jokingly. "Ha-ha! Lizzy asked me not to tell anyone but I have to or I'll explode! Ok, here it goes. I'm so happy! I'm going back to Georgetown on Sunday. Since Charlotte is gone, I'm staying with Lizzy and Jane and will finish my high school at St. John's. When I graduate I'm going to NYU to get an MBA in accounting. I've been accepted already, can I get an amen?" "OMG! That's awesome, Kitty! Congratulations! What a coincidence! I'm considering NYU as well! I haven't made a decision yet, though." "Oh, please, please, Georgie, come to NYU, we can be roomies!" "That'd be fabulous. Although, I promised mom and Will I'd check other schools. We'll see. What about your mom? Is she okay with you leaving so suddenly with Lizzy?" "She doesn't know yet. She'll complain and make a big fuss, but she has to accept my decision because I'm determined! I don't care if I have to cut ties with her for a while. I know she loves me very much, but her idea of success in the world is marrying a rich guy. That's her goal for me. Can you believe it? I'd never lower myself to such low standards! I want to make it on my own. I'm already 18 years old so I'm legally in charge of my life. Lizzy, Robbie and my uncle are my best option. They'll look after me. They're my favorite people in the whole wide world!" Georgiana glanced around the room. "Talking about Lizzy, it's so strange, my brother isn't here yet. I wonder if he went to visit her. They could be together now. Oh, it would be so amazing if they end up getting married!" "What are you talking about Georgie? Isn't your brother engaged to Anne?" Georgiana smiled conspiratorially, "You don't know anything about anything! I also have a secret for you, but you have to swear not to tell a living soul or you'll die a painful death!" In another side of the room, Anne de Bourgh was chatting with Mrs. Darcy, Louisa, Jane, Richard and Charlotte, while her mother was in another corner imparting her ostensibly boundless advice to Wilfred and Fanny. "Richard, when will your fiancée Alyssa arrive? Is she as lovely as you made her out to be?" "She's lovelier." Richard replied, "My darling Allie will definitely be here for the wedding. Even though she has a busy schedule back home delivering babies, she promised me not to miss this important event. Her generosity knows no limits." He furtively glanced in Charlotte's direction and was pleased by her cringing reaction. Anne felt Charlotte's pain directly and she was elated. 'Oh Charlotte, you radiate your feelings throughout your whole body. You're so much easier to read than Lizzy. I hope that at the end, when it counts, you make the right decision. Poor girl, I don't want to be cruel to you.' "You're a lucky dog Richard! I can't wait to meet her!" She looked at Charlotte and then added, "Hey, I think we may have a problem in our hands, we have to do something before my mom realizes who's missing here tonight." Charlotte was glad for the change of subject. She was tired and despondent, she should've stayed with Lizzy; they could've cried themselves to sleep wallowing in their own pathetic existences. What hurt the most was the awareness of Richard's good luck in finding a partner who seemed to be perfect for him. She was so jealous. She knew she was the biggest hypocrite in the world for feeling this way, but she couldn't help it. Contrary to her dear Lizzy, Charlotte's temperament had an unyielding quality. She determined, right then and there, to pay no heed to her sorrows. There will be time later on for self-reproach. Focusing her energy on helping Lizzy, she replied, "Lizzy has a bad headache." "Another one?" Anne protested, "My mom's going to become suspicious of Lizzy's frequent headaches; this would be the third time she uses that excuse to flee from mother's presence since coming to Rosings. Can't you find another explanation?" From the moment Charlotte arrived at Hunsford that night, Richard had been fighting with the impulse to go straight to her in front of everyone and kiss her deeply until she was convinced of his undying love, so she could stop this dreadful wedding. Although he was more intrepid than his cousin and would have had no compunction at all about doing this, he knew Charlotte was a headstrong woman and that exploit might drive her farther away from him. He also decided to leave his sorrows on the back burner and focus on Lizzy and his cousin. He offered a suggestion. "Isn't she preparing for midterms? You can tell Aunt that she has an important study session and remained in her room to participate in a video conference with her study group. I can cover for Will. I heard him mention he had to take an urgent phone call from his Singapore office with Charles, which could potentially take all night." After they all agreed on the excuses, Richard sent Will and Charles a text message on his phone. Charlotte would tell Lizzy in the morning. Back at the beach, the new friends were continuing their road of discovery. "What's your favorite color?" "You should know that by now. Don't you remember the color of my evening gowns in our two dances?" "I probably do, although to be honest, in those two occasions all my mental faculties were fully engaged admiring a pair of sparkling eyes as they were reacting to our spirited conversations." "You're very amusing sir. I believe you're giving me the runaround to evade my question. This means you probably don't remember; shame on you!" "I remember as if it was yesterday, your favorite color must be a dark shade of blue." "I'm impressed! Yes, it's midnight blue, the color of the night sky on a full moon. Since I can remember, my mom used to dress me consistently in this color. She once told me when I was a baby I used to smile every time I watched the sky on a full moon. So, she fell in love with this color and passed it on to me. For a while, after she was gone, I hated it. A dear friend of the family from New York convinced me I'd honor my mom if I went back to using it. Now I love it a million times more because it connects me with my mom. Jane gave me this simple necklace for Christmas with a midnight blue stone. This has become one of my most cherished possessions!" He stopped and reached forward with his hand to examine the stone. When their fingers grazed, he raised his eyes to hers. What he saw captured all his senses. It was too wonderful for words. The world stopped spinning, all noise ceased. It was just him and her, together in that ethereal moment, frozen in time. He approached slowly; she closed her eyes in expectation. The instant their lips were almost touching, he suddenly broke contact directing his gaze towards the pendant. 'I can't ruin our new friendship. I have to be strong, as much as I want this, it's too soon! It's too soon!' She opened her eyes nervously and instinctively took one step back breaking the connection. He forced himself to return to the light teasing they were enjoying so much. "It's as beautiful as the lady wearing it. It must be gratifying to have something to remember her. I suppose she was a most excellent and affectionate mom." She took a long moment to regain her composure and then responded. "Yes she was, thank you." They resumed their walk, both still flushed from the tension of the moment. After a while, she became playful once again. "Now I'm curious to know your favorite color." "My favorite color is brown, specifically a light shade of brown. It's been many nights since I've been dreaming of a pair of fine eyes with that enchanting color." Lizzy laughed. "Mr. Darcy, I'm shocked! Are you such a flirt with all the ladies? I would've thought you'd be dreaming of Caroline's green eyes, perhaps?" "I only flirt with one remarkable lady, Miss Benes, and with no one else. I'd guess green has to be Caroline's favorite color." They laughed together. "You're being humorous, Will! I didn't know you could be so hilarious!" "Stick with me long enough Lizzy and you'll find many more surprises in my collection of witticisms. Can you believe we've been here more than two hours? Your friends might have gone to bed by now." "You're right, it's so late. If you don't get too upset with me, I changed my mind and would like to return to Rosings tonight. The company there has become more tolerable and I want to continue my association with some of them." "I'd be delighted to return you to Rosings." She added in a lighthearted tease, "Besides, the road is too dark, too long and deserted, I'd never forgive myself if something would happen to you while driving all by yourself." They both laughed, he offered her his arm and they walked to the car. She called Edgar to make her excuses. He was assisting her to get in the car when they heard a low growl emanating from Lizzy's stomach. "I can't believe in all this time we completely forgot about food!" She blushed. "It seems my stomach is complaining now." He smiled, "We don't want to make him mad at us. We better do something to improve his mood." They stopped at a restaurant. While they were enjoying their meal, Darcy realized he had a few urgent text messages on his phone. "It seems our friends covered for us with Aunt Catherine. Instead of having another headache, you were participating in an important video conference for one of your classes, while Charles and I left for an urgent meeting with my Singapore office." She replied in a thoughtful manner, "While I do appreciate our friend's exertions, do we really need for them to cover for us? We didn't do anything to merit censure by anyone. A headache for me should be acceptable. As for you, you're not a member of the wedding party. It wasn't a requisite for you to be there." He said, "Under normal circumstances, I'd absolutely agree. Unfortunately, it's my Aunt we're talking about here. I apologize for her. She runs Rosings Park like a tyrant. I believe they don't want to give her a reason to suspect a liaison between us. You don't know this, but she has my future tied up to that place." Lizzy smiled, she knew more than he imagined. She decided to have some sport with her new friend. "So, when is your wedding with Anne? By the way, I believe congratulations are in order. I already congratulated her!" Darcy almost choked on a piece of pancake. Lizzy, who was just grinning with amusement, in a rush of panic, stood up quickly to pat him on the back, making him drink some water. She finally sat when he felt better. "I'm so sorry Will; I'm an ornery girl. I had no idea you were going to react so strongly." He replied, feeling strong indignation at her previous statements. "You don't need to congratulate us because Anne and I will never marry! That's only my Aunt's delusional fantasy which she circulates everywhere she goes. She told us..." Lizzy interrupted him. "That it was the dying wish of your respective fathers. Anne told me everything about it. She also told me that your aunt is the only person in your whole family who subscribes to the idea of your wedding. I have one question for you. You don't have to answer if you don't want to, I'm just curious. I can understand Anne's apprehension towards her own mother as she's a very domineering woman. But you too? Why haven't you freed her of that erroneous belief?" "I have tried! Many times! The problem is her deep-rooted obstinacy. You have to understand that ours is an old aristocratic family. My Aunt Catherine is incapable or loath to abandon some traditions established hundreds of years ago by our forefathers." Lizzy remembered his haughty words uttered during his disastrous proposal, and she colored. "As you yourself told me once. I remember your first proposal so many months ago; you used the words appalling and degrading. You mentioned my lower class and my ethnicity as obstacles for you. I always wondered why you would propose to a lady you regarded as being so inferior and whom you barely knew." "Please understand this Elizabeth; the man who uttered those impulsive, abominable, and vastly untruthful insults that night, is not the same man who's sitting here in front of you. It's been many months since I've opened my eyes and changed my outlook on many things. In fact, I know you're my superior in many ways! I feel strongly that those ideas which my aunt holds like a religion are absolutely wrong, they are outdated, invalid, and some are even immoral. My supposed betrothal with my cousin is a good example; she's like a sister to me! The thought alone is outrageous." "And yet you allow your Aunt to proclaim it to the world as if…" "Please Elizabeth, as you must be aware by now, Aunt Catherine is a rare species. Not only I, but my mother, my other aunt and uncle, and my cousins, we all have tried to reason with her, but she won't yield to any persuasion contrary to her opinions. Providentially for all of us and conveniently for her, she remains ensconced in her 'royal palace' where the damage she can cause is contained." After these passionate words from Darcy, Lizzy decided to put an end to the discussion because it was becoming too painful for both of them. For the sake of Charlotte, she would endure one last time the presence of Lady Catherine. Hopefully, she would survive unscathed. After a few tense minutes of silence, they returned to their previous pleasurable interactions. Lizzy was the one to break the ice when she told him the story of her furry friends, Mrs. Confidence and her offspring. After an initial admonishment by Darcy about the perils of engaging with wild animals, especially raccoons, and Lizzy's eye rolling response of "…yes father, I'll be more careful…" they resumed their lively interactions. When they arrived at Hunsford, Lizzy stopped him before he would dash again out of the car to help her out. "Will, I didn't have any expectations and I can safely say that tonight has been one of my favorite nights ever!" Darcy was elated. "I'm always at your service. I enjoyed tonight immensely. Thank you for accepting my friendship. I hope you're not disappointed." She smiled and said. "The opposite is true. Good night, Will." "Wait, Lizzy. I believe you said something about you wanting to tell me something very important tonight. If I'm not mistaken, you never did. Is it too late for me to inquire about your earth-shattering communication?" "Ha-ha! I decided not to tell you yet. I have employed my time much better getting to know my new friend. I believe I'm beginning to like him very much. Tomorrow, if we have some private time, I promise I'll tell you everything." "I can't wait!" Lizzy laughed, she then made a bold move, surprising not only him but herself; she approached and gave him a soft, tender kiss on the lips. He looked like a dumbstruck teenager. She shyly stepped out of the car leaving him transfixed. Before he could react, she had disappeared inside the building. When Lizzy went into the room she was sharing with Jane, she discovered that it was empty. She smiled, muttering to herself, "Oh Jane, I believe I'm also going to lose you very soon." The rest of the night and until she fell asleep, she was fantasizing about a tall, handsome gentleman with dark brown eyes. Darcy went to his room, changed, climbed into his bed and fell asleep, all while meditating on the pleasures afforded by a beautiful lady with bewitching light brown eyes and the most tantalizing lips.
A/N: This is a little bonus. The next chapter will be sometime in April. As I said before, I already wrote this book but I have been changing the original so much it would be unrecognizable, although the main plot is and will remain intact. There are too many details changed which makes it impossible for me to send the original chapters as is. Therefore, the need for painstakingly rewriting each of them. You want me to give you the ending? Ok, here it goes, it's a HEA! I couldn't do anything else. The secret is how they get there, right? Here is the next chapter. You know the rest. Enjoy! Please review! Chapter 26 - Dear Jane, I Love You Here and Now and Forevermore The two gentlewomen slipped stealthily into the silent room, where the sleeping girl was lying on her bed. Her eyes were closed, her arms were gently resting on her chest, her breathing was soft and slow. They moved toward the sleeping girl in a gingerly way. The lady with the auburn hair whispered to her companion, "Would you not disagree, my trusted friend, that our Little Briar Rose appears to be smiling in her sleep?" The fair-haired lady murmured in amusement, "She's not our Little Briar Rose, she's our Snow White. You're confusing your facts, my faithful friend. Please remember this phrase we learned from the celebrated storytellers: '...a child with skin as white as snow, lips as red as blood, and hair as black as ebony wood, and she was called Little Snow White' [Fairy Tales by the Grimm Brothers]. I imagine our princess must be having an agreeable dream, about a certain gentleman, perhaps?" "Indeed," The lady with the auburn hair replied softly. "She's dreaming of her handsome prince, waiting for his magical kiss of true love, the elixir to awaken her from her long-lasting slumber." The amused fair-haired lady laughed silently, covering her mouth with her hands, "You're mixing up your facts again my loyal friend." The lady with the auburn hair quietly extended her hand and lightly touched the sleeping girl's lips with her fingers. The sleeping girl's smile widened and she puckered her lips, causing her friends to erupt into a fit of loud giggles. The sleeping girl woke up with a start, stretching out before sitting up on the bed. "Young lady!" Charlotte exclaimed, pointing an accusatory finger at Lizzy. "You have much explaining to do! We have reason to believe that last night you slept with your worst enemy!" "Huh? What? Who? Me? What are you talking about?" Lizzy blushed. She was now wide awake! "You're a sly girl Lizzy!" Charlotte insisted, "You spent the night with William Darcy and didn't tell a soul. So, you faked a headache to go have a secret rendezvous with your 'paramour'. And then you snuck into this room this morning! It was a clever ploy, although a very naughty one I should add. Please don't make me talk to Papa Benes! I'm very tempted to call him right now!" "You're so wicked Charlotte! Ha-ha! You're mistaken my dear friend; I didn't spend the night with him. Although I have to confess, we were together for a very long time. There's so much I have to tell you both, but first I want to address the real elephant in the room. Unless I'm mistaken, someone else didn't sleep here last night." A radiant Jane immediately sat on the bed and gave Lizzy a warm hug. With the biggest smile they've ever seen, she raised her hand to show Lizzy her engagement ring. "Oh my God, Jane, it's so beautiful! I'm so happy for you! Now I feel guilty for not being here last night. Had I known of Charles' intentions, I would've endured the company of all those people in order to witness your special moment. You have to tell me everything about it. I'm all ears!" "No you're not Lizzy; your ears are not so big!" "Charlotte, I'm sorry for neglecting you. Come here and give me a hug. This is such a momentous time for our dear Jane! Now I want you to tell me the whole kit and caboodle about the proposal. Don't spare anything!" The previous night, while Lizzy was walking on the beach with her 'new' friend, at ten o'clock sharp, all the guests were summarily dismissed from Rosings House. As Mr. Collins had fastidiously predicted, Lady Catherine had been most seriously displeased with Lizzy's disregard for such an important occasion. She would've dismissed her as Maid of Honor, had it not been for the mediation of her sister-in-law. Since Charlotte's parents were due to arrive the next day, although their roles were very limited, Lady Catherine decided to postpone the final rehearsal one more night, for the day before the wedding. When the guests from Rosings House arrived at Hunsford, they found the main lobby in the dark. The staff had mysteriously disappeared. When Mr. Collins turned on the lights, they witnessed a strange sight in the middle of the room: James Hurts, the two front desk attendants, and the two security guards were standing next to each other in a semi-circle, stock-still as robots with stony faces. When the guests approached with curiosity, the quintet moved aside revealing Charles kneeling on one knee with an agitated expression on his face. Everyone pushed Jane, who by now was trembling with anticipation, in front of him. Charles reached inside his coat pocket, extracted a small black velvet jewelry box, opened it, held it in front of him, gazed at Jane with loving intensity, and thus began. "Dear Jane, I love you here and now and forevermore. After the distressing events of tonight, I have decided I can't waste a single second without telling you how I really feel. You are the best thing that ever happened to me. I can't imagine my life without you. I have loved you for a long time now and more importantly, I can feel your heart, I hope it's still beating in unison with mine. I know our thoughts coincide, our expressions are alike, and our voices sound as one. Without you I'm nothing, with you I'm everything. I want us to grow old and have many children together. I promise I will always care for you and cherish you with all my heart. My darling Jane, would you do me the great honor of wearing this ring as a testimony of my everlasting love for you and accept to be my wife?" The following morning, Jane was sitting on the bed next to Lizzy and Charlotte. She sighed sadly. "I remember all our friends offering me congratulations and hugs, but it all felt surreal as a dream, as if I was dancing on fluffy clouds. I don't remember if I answered and if I did I don't remember what I said to Charles. I'm saddened because that was the happiest moment of my entire life and I can't recall anything about it!" "Don't distress yourself Jane, I can help you," Charlotte offered, "In fact, you didn't say anything. With tears of joy in your eyes, you kneeled in front of your beloved, allowed him to put the ring in your finger, and shamelessly gave him a very long kiss, which we had to break off in order to hug you both to offer our congratulations. After a few minutes, you disappeared with him for the rest of the night." Charlotte became pensive, "Charles' amorous proposal and your tender 'slash' passionate response, was the most romantic thing I've seen in my entire life! You're going to be so happy Jane!" Her two friends understood Charlotte's meaning and gave her a comforting hug. Jane was going to marry for love, while Charlotte... The moment passed. Lizzy examined the ring and said, "Oh Jane, congratulations, I agree with Charlotte, you'll have an eternity of felicity with Charles!" Jane embraced Lizzy one more time acknowledging, with the liveliest emotion, that she was the happiest creature in the world. "It's too much!" she added, "by far too much. I don't deserve it. Oh Lizzy! Why isn't everybody as happy?" After Jane's pronouncement, there was a moment of odd silence. Jane interrupted it. "Now Lizzy, we're dying to hear about your escapade last night with Will!" "Yes, Lizzy!" Charlotte exclaimed, pleased with the change of subject, "You've kept us in suspense long enough. Come on, out with it!" "Contrary to your fanciful supposition my dear Charlotte, I didn't plan any secret rendezvous with anyone. I just wanted to go home and return tomorrow, just for the wedding. I waited until I supposed everyone had left. I tried to sneak into the parking lot and get in my car, when Will intercepted me, told me about Caroline's hasty removal from Rosings Park, and persisted in taking me home. I obliged him; we then spent a few hours in delightful conversation. Then I changed my mind and decided to return with him. Finally, around midnight, I proceeded, 'alone', to this room and fell asleep. That's all," she smiled brightly. Charlotte wasn't ready to let her off the hook so easily, "So, he's no longer Mr. Darcy, not even William, now he's Will to you, isn't he? I wonder how our stubborn friend felt obliged to be in company with such an insufferable, insupportable man!" Lizzy laughed. "I'm not sure why I consented so readily. You should've seen the look on his face when he was pleading to drive me; he looked like the cutest puppy with sad eyes. Do you remember Charles' expression on that Saturday morning in our apartment, with all the roses? Just like that! I don't know why but I couldn't say no. Perhaps it was the way he said my name…" Lizzy told her friends about her enchanting night with Will, emphasizing his special proposal, his stimulating mind, and his surprising sense of humor. She didn't mention the most intimate details, especially her bold move at the end of the night because she didn't want to scandalize them. Her friends were amazed at her sudden change and were elated to see how happy she seemed. They chose not to dwell too much on the subject because they knew it was premature to make any assumptions about their relationship. They wanted Lizzy to go at her own pace. "Well Lizzy," Charlotte interjected, "Lady Catherine wasn't very pleased about your absence. I'm ashamed to say that you almost lost your position as my Maid of Honor, had it not been for your future mother-in-law Mrs. Darcy who insisted it was my sole prerogative to keep you or not. After a lengthy... five… no… ten milliseconds of deliberation, I decided to give you one more opportunity. You're worth it! Ha!" "Thank you for the honor, Charlotte. I promise to try not to let you down. I'm flattered, but you're sadly mistaken, she's not my mother-in-law. " "It's a sure thing on both scores," Charlotte replied. Before Lizzy could protest again, she continued, "So Lizzy, due to your absence, and the fact that my parents are coming today, Lady Catherine decided to have one final complete rehearsal tonight. We have a very busy schedule so we need to get ready early. We're going to do a check of the wedding preparations in the sun room, the formal garden, and the Rosings Chapel. Lady Catherine summoned everyone later tonight for the rehearsal. She said we all have to be at the chapel at six and we won't leave until she feels we're all ready. I believe it's going to be a very long night!" They ordered breakfast while Lizzy got ready, and then they ate in the room. After they were done, they went downstairs where they found Mr. Collins, Fanny, and her daughters. Charlotte told them, "We're going to Rosings House to make sure all the tables and the decorations are properly set. Would you mind accompanying us? We can use the extra help." Fanny, who wasn't in the habit of doing any type of work, immediately responded, "Sorry Charlotte, we already made an appointment for a spa treatment at the Rosings Health Center, we'll meet you there after we're done. Besides, I believe the generous Lady Catherine uses the members of her staff to do that tedious work. Doesn't she?" "She probably does," Charlotte responded frustrated. "I just want to make sure everything is in order. We don't mind doing some hard work ourselves." "You can go ahead with Lydia mom; I'll stay with Lizzy." Lydia was astonished. "Why, Kitty? Don't you want a full body massage from Marcus? He's so sexy and his hands are amazing! I'm going to talk and laugh and flirt with him and have all the fun in the world! And you're going to miss it all!" "Good Bye, Lydia! When you're done with your spa, you have to come and help us." While Mr. Collins remained at Hunsford doing office work, the four friends spent the morning and part of the afternoon helping the staff arrange and prepare everything for the wedding. They were so busy that they didn't have time to think of anything else. They returned to the apartment to change and after resting for a while, it was time to go to the chapel for the final rehearsal. Charles and his family had left Kent early that morning to visit a relative in Miami, and when they returned to Rosings Park, it was almost six o'clock, so they went straight to the Chapel. Charles had invited Jane, but she wanted to spend some quality time with Charlotte and he lovingly acquiesced. The Darcys and Richard had been confined to Rosings House all day long visiting with Lady Catherine, who insisted in keeping them inside. Darcy and Richard yearned to be outside where they knew the ladies from Hunsford were working, but Lady Catherine preempted every attempt to leave with a request or other for assistance with some estate matters, which had already been resolved by the very capable and long-suffering estate manager, or simply to attend her and Anne. At one time during the afternoon, Darcy had gone to his room to take a short respite from his pestering aunt. He was rinsing his face in the sink of his personal bathroom when he heard some laughter outside. He opened the window and what he saw mesmerized him. The Hunsford ladies had been helping the staff and adding personal touches to the decorations in the patio. In the exact moment when Darcy peered outside, they were taking a break. Lizzy was playing the daisy oracle game with a rose she had removed from one of the tables; she was plucking the petals one by one and throwing them in the air while exclaiming, "He loves me", or "He loves me not". For every 'he loves me', she would smile, lift up her hands and spin around once. For every 'he loves me not' she would make a sad face while throwing the petal behind her shoulder. Her friends were laughing in merriment while Darcy was fascinated with her buoyant spirits. Finally, the 'he loves me' petal was the lucky winner and all of them began to dance and twirl and laugh. His heart swelling with emotion, Darcy determined right then and there, dammed be the consequences, to go outside and boldly validate with actions the conclusion of Lizzy's game. He would've shocked everyone with the consummation of his premeditated purpose, had it not been for his meddlesome aunt. As he was moving resolutely towards the outside, he overheard her complaining to Mr. Collins about his best man, a friend from college, who, at the last minute, excused himself from the wedding due to a family emergency. Darcy immediately came forward to volunteer his services. Mr. Collins accepted without delay, flattered by the idea of having a best man of such outstanding social station, but Lady Catherine firmly objected. She wouldn't even hear about it. "Although this wedding is an affirmation of my benevolence towards my subordinates for the entire world to witness, I can't allow for this breach of respectability to occur. You are a Fitzwilliam and I refuse to allow you to align yourself with these inferior people. Let Mr. Collins find someone equal in rank to himself to perform this responsibility." But Darcy was determined to stand up with Lizzy. "I don't care about rank; I would be honored to be his best man. As he just accepted me, I believe the matter is all settled and we don't have to talk about it anymore. I'll see you at the rehearsal. Now, would you excuse me? I'm going outside for a while." "You will not do such thing! Mr. Collins, you will refuse my nephew this instant or I will cancel the wedding and fire you!" Mr. Collins cowered under his patroness stare. "Yes ma'am. Please accept my most humble apologies Mr. Darcy. While I appreciate the great honor you would bestow upon me, I have to decline your offer." Lady Catherine glared at everyone in the room to make sure they understood who was in charge. Then she fixed her eyes on William one more time. "William, you have to respect your elders and do as I tell you. You belong to a noble family and I will not stand here seeing you lower yourself to their level. It will be enough for you to be in their company so you can teach them how a Fitzwilliam comports himself. And what is that nonsense about you wanting to go outside? There's nothing for you there. I hope you haven't developed any attachments to any of those inferior people. I want you to remain with your cousin Anne as you should. I know you have important business, but today and until you leave Rosings I expect you to pay more attention to her. You haven't spent any quality time with your intended. You should be thinking of your future. You know what is expected of you." Darcy was infuriated, he was about to explode in front of the self-deluded tyrant when he thought of Lizzy and her friends. In order to keep the peace, protect Charlotte and Mr. Collins, and avoid any suspicion of partiality towards Lizzy, he decided to hold his tongue and acquiesce to his aunt's demands. He promised himself that after the wedding, when Lizzy was safely out of his Aunt's reach, he was going to give his aunt a piece of his mind and state clearly that he would never marry Anne, even if he wouldn't be allowed to set foot in Rosings Park again. 'Enjoy your triumph, dear Aunt, for this is going to be your last at my expense!' This thought might have been perhaps a bit too premature? When Charlotte and her friends arrived at the Chapel, everyone was already there. Charlotte immediately went to embrace her parents with Lizzy following her. "Mom! Dad! I'm so happy!" "Your Lady Catherine is a very noble and generous noblewoman!" Mr. Lucas proclaimed enthusiastically. "She sent a limousine to our house to drive us to the airport this morning. We just arrived at Rosings a few minutes ago in another limousine. It was splendid! She's a remarkable woman, isn't she?" "That was nice of her," Charlotte said. 'At least my parents are happy, even if I'm dying inside.' She felt so wretched but decided to put on a mask of cheerfulness. So she smiled at them. Mr. and Mrs. Lucas weren't aware of their daughter's ill-disguised despondency because there were in rapt delight after the events of that day. Mr. Lucas felt the need to expound on Lady Catherine's liberality. "I'm not surprised at her generosity. From the knowledge I've acquired due to my prior station in life as mayor of Rochester, Lady Catherine exemplifies the manners of the wealthy, where such instances of charitable breeding are not uncommon." And so he continued along the same vein for a few long minutes with his wife nodding approvingly. Charlotte and Lizzy listened in silence, both amazed at the similarity in expressions between Mr. Lucas and Mr. Collins. 'Oh no! My life is over. The man I'm marrying is my father's spitting image, I'm doomed forever!' Even though she loved her father very much, that was one aspect of his personality she wasn't proud of. He was the consummate politician, always flattering everyone, especially those above his sphere. The thought of her union with a man with the same personality increased Charlotte's feelings of utter hopelessness. At that moment she thought she couldn't sink any lower, she had failed the most important person in her life, bar none: herself! She had been transformed into a caricature of who she really was. 'I don't care anymore, Richard found another. My life is over anyway. Look at him; he seems lost without his new sweetheart!' Lady Catherine arrived at the Chapel at exactly 6:00 pm. She went straight to Charles to inform him he had been selected as the new best man for Mr. Collins. After an initial shock, good-natured Charles accepted readily with his usual joviality. He would do almost anything for Jane's two best friends as he would forever be grateful for the key role they played in his felicity with his precious fiancée. Next, Lady Catherine began to bark out orders and assign people to their places. They spent the next hour listening to a recital of what she expected each and every one to do the next day at the wedding. After her long speech, the rehearsal began in full. Lizzy was the maid of honor and as such had a significant role to play. She had also been selected by Charlotte, in one of the very few decisions she had been allowed to make, to sing the bride's entrance song and the first dance song. But the officious Lady Catherine hadn't been keen on letting the initial part of the ceremony be taken over by a mere 'dilettante'. "Charlotte, we have to discuss the song for the processional, when you're making your grand entrance walking down the aisle with your father. I already told you I would have preferred to have my niece Georgiana perform the time-honored Wagner's Bridal Chorus on the pipe organ. Since you insist on a non-traditional song, I believe we should hire a professional songstress. I know you settled on your friend and although I can understand your eagerness to please her due to your long friendship, this is not a good time to expose us to a potential embarrassment. This is one of the most important parts of the whole wedding ceremony; therefore, it is a bad idea to allow a novice to assume such a critical responsibility. In fact, I insist we hire a professional. We may allow Elizabeth to sing during the first dance, as everyone will be too preoccupied with the bride and groom to pay too much attention to the singer." Charlotte was going to voice her objection when Mr. Collins anticipated her. "My well-regarded Lady, if you consider it appropriate that we should hire a professional singer perhaps we need to reassess the need for inconveniencing Elizabeth. Dear Charlotte, I'm confident you agree with our hostess. Lady Catherine, we're very grateful that you take so much interest in each and every detail of our wedding. Your affability and condescension are..." Charlotte was behaving almost as a zombie; she was so tired of agreeing with everything the lady wanted that it was almost automatic. In truth, she couldn't care less. Until she heard Lizzy's name. It was time to at least do one little thing for herself. She interrupted Mr. Collins. "Lizzy can sing better than any professional vocalist. I really want her to sing in my processional. I have been dreaming of that moment since the first time I heard her extraordinary voice. She's the most fantastic singer ever!" "I will agree with you only if I can hear Elizabeth and determine if she's worthy of the responsibility you have bestowed upon her. Although I doubt it very much, it's not just about a pretty voice; she doesn't have the qualifications or the experience." Lizzy was shocked at the woman's callousness. She couldn't believe Charlotte was going to go thru with this preposterous sham of a wedding. This was a total disaster! When she heard those last words she was trying to come with something to say, but Darcy interrupted her thoughts. "Believe me Aunt; no one admitted to the privilege of hearing Elizabeth's exceptional voice can think anything wanting. She doesn't have to prove herself. I'm convinced everyone here will wholeheartedly agree with me." Lizzy blushed while Charles agreed with William and then he told the story of Lizzy's amazing performance in his party and how his friends had believed she was a Broadway star. As would be expected, Lady Catherine wasn't convinced. "I find it hard to believe she can be so accomplished. Since I consider myself a fair-minded person, I have the perfect solution. Before I allow Elizabeth to assume this critical role in the wedding I have to hear her sing the song she wishes to perform. There are few people in this world who have better discrimination of music than me, or a better natural taste. I only trust my own judgment. I will decide." By now Lizzy was beyond furious with that big-headed, puffed up woman. "I agree with you, Lady Catherine, a professional singer will do a much better job than a mere beginner like me. Please hire whoever you want as I wouldn't want to make a spectacle of myself and ruin Charlotte's wedding." She said that with an air of finality as to stop any further attempts to intercede in her behalf. She gave a tiny smile to Darcy and then remained silent. But Darcy, ashamed of his aunt's ill-breeding, wasn't ready to give up just yet. He made one last attempt. "Aunt, where are you going to find someone worthy with so little time left? I consider is better to leave things as they stand and allow Elizabeth to perform as previously agreed. I promise you won't be disappointed." Lady Catherine stared down at Darcy for a few seconds, she seemed angry but the feeling vanished as quickly as it was felt. She began to suspect a preference from her nephew for this pretty girl, but she dismissed the thought at once. It was impossible for her to even consider the possibility. He was just manifesting the weak Darcy blood which made him act with such imprudent liberality. He needed a strong influence in his life to avoid those weaknesses which exposed him to ridicule. She would fix him once he married her daughter and she was close by to guide him. She would do the job her meek sister was incapable of performing. She was more determined than ever to set a wedding date before the end of this visit. "While I appreciate your defense of the less fortunate, your efforts are wasted here, nephew. As you should know by now, I'm very attentive to every detail. Thus, I anticipated the need for hiring this person and I can assure you she is ready, willing, and able. The lady I have in mind is a true proficient, as witnessed by no other than myself, with excellent musical qualifications and experience. I just called her this morning to confirm her appearance tomorrow. She canceled a prior engagement she had in Georgia to come here for the wedding." Lizzy was beside herself with disbelief that somebody could be so openly rude. 'Poor Charlotte and poor Anne, I'll leave this hateful place tomorrow to never return, but they'll have to deal with that control freak for the rest of their lives. Unless… Oh, Charlotte, what have you gotten into? I hope it's not too late and you follow your heart! Otherwise, you're doomed! And dear Anne, will you be so courageous to confront her?' Lizzy was attempting to catch Charlotte's eyes but she was staring at the floor. Darcy noticed the look of commiseration Lizzy was trying to give Charlotte and he clearly understood why. The rehearsal went on with more commands from the lady and absolute compliance by the rest of the people assembled. When it was over, Charlotte, Jane, and Lizzy were so exhausted that they went straight to their rooms without stopping to chat with anyone. They fell asleep immediately. That night, Darcy was playing pool with Richard and Charles in an isolated game room away from Lady Catherine, who had retired to her room. Richard was frustrated. "I can't believe Charlotte is going to go thru with this farce. She's so stubborn! She won't even talk to me! She's allowing The Cat to ruin her life and I can't do anything about it. I'm losing her and I feel so worthless." "I'm so sorry cousin," Darcy replied, "I noticed her pained countenance. She wouldn't even look Lizzy in the eye when The Cat had practically humiliated her. Lizzy was trying to reassure her but Charlotte kept staring at the floor. You think she may be having second thoughts?" Charles felt bad for Richard, but there wasn't anything he could say to offer any relief. When he heard Darcy, he couldn't hold his curiosity. "Did I hear you right? Did you say Lizzy? Twice? Are you allowed that liberty? Plus, the way you argued in her defense, you were almost clashing with The Cat! And I noticed the fond smile she gave you, many people did. And your wild adventure of last night. You never told me about that, did he tell you, Richard?" "Not a peep!" "Well," Darcy replied, flashing a genuine smile, "I'm happy to tell you both that I proposed to Lizzy last night and she accepted me." A stunned Richard hit the cue ball so hard it flew out of the table. And Charles was so equally astonished that he didn't even flinch when the ball missed his face by a few inches. Charles regained his senses quicker than Richard, "You did what? She did what? That's impossible! Please stop your little games and explain yourself!" Darcy burst out laughing at his friend's shocked stares. "Ha-ha! The look on your faces is hilarious! Ha-ha! Charles, Richard's cue ball almost hit your face and you didn't notice. Ha-ha!" "Richard, who is this man and what did Lizzy do with Mr. Stiff and Rigid, you know, the guy who never jokes or laughs?" "I'm asking myself the same question! Did she really accept you cousin? How in the world did that come about? How did you make Lizzy change her opinion about you so drastically and so fast? I don't believe a word!" "Ok, you both know me so well. I'm so happy, almost delirious because last night I proposed to Elizabeth Benes and she accepted me, but my proposal was of a different kind." More astonishment in the room. "Please say it ain't so cousin! Not Lizzy!" Charles exclaimed, "I refuse to believe that! You're lying!" Will scowled. "I was testing you guys. She made the same incorrect assumption as you just did; she almost bolted out of a 60 miles per hour car! At least she had an excuse because of my abhorrent behavior towards her in the past, but you too? I'm appalled to learn you have such a low opinion of me! Besides, don't you understand how much I love her? My proposal was the following: I asked her to be my friend. After I recited a long biographical story, we shook hands and we became official friends. So, congratulate me on a check mark in my plan." Then Darcy related the story of the lovely night he spent with the woman of his dreams. "Last night, during our conversation, she said she wanted to tell me something very important, but decided instead to focus on our budding friendship. She promised to tell me next time we're alone. Obviously, I would be excited with anticipation, but I'm not making any assumptions because I don't want to raise my expectations unrealistically. I offered her my friendship and I'll stick to it. It's up to her to take the next step in our relationship, including anything she wants to share with me." Charles said, "This is a promising new beginning. I hope you don't screw up again so you both can finally get together. She's such a special human being. She can help you soften your mind and improve your manners, which she has obviously begun to do successfully, I should add. And you can help her with… with… I can't find anything she lacks which you could provide to the relationship. Except for more money than she has! Ha-ha!" Richard smirked quietly. 'My good cousin, wait until you find out the truth! The sooner she tells you the better.' Darcy said, "Very funny Charles. You just made a point which is a case of worry for me. I'm going to be honest with you both. I've changed so much since I met Lizzy for the first time. Before her, my life had a certain order. Granted, it was an imperfect combination of circumstances designed by me, but I felt I was in charge. After Lizzy, my whole world is in a state of disarray. Last night was like a dream. We talked about many things and I felt like myself for the first time in years. Sometimes, though, when I'm with her, a feeling of discomposure creeps into my mind. It is as if somehow I know I'm going to fail her, as you said, that I'm going to screw up again and this could be my last opportunity. I feel so happy and at the same time so unsettled." "Well cousin, I'm feeling sorry for myself and now I realize I'm not alone. At least you have a relatively good chance of success." "I don't know what to tell you both to make it better. Richard, it'll take a miracle to find a solution to your problem. As for you Will, just be careful what you say. Especially in this place, with The Cat and her minions hovering over everyone. After we're out of this hellhole you'll have the opportunity to keep gaining her affection the same way you did last night. Stick to your well-designed plan. Just hold on one more day!" Meanwhile, somewhere in New York City, two ladies were having a heart-to heart talk in their luxurious apartment. "I just can't believe you can be so malicious! What were you thinking?" "I'm sorry Carmen, I knew I shouldn't have, but I couldn't resist. I had to try one last time. I had to give my best performance. It was either do or die in the process, and die I did!" "Listen, Caroline, I'm going to be brutally honest with you. You've been after that gentleman for so many years and he'd never even hinted of a relationship with you. You should've given up your futile quest after less than a year. You have such a low self-esteem! Why didn't you listen to the advice of your siblings? Why were you so insistent on something that was impossible? Not only impossible, it was degrading and humiliating for you! By now you have turned into this callous, senseless, spiteful woman. I should just throw you out and be done with you." By now Caroline was crying profusely. Carmen sensed the real pain and felt pity for her. "Don't worry Caroline, I'm not going to abandon you now, you need me and I'm going to help you. You're a pretty girl with much to offer. You don't have to settle for less. You will recover from this nightmarish experience." "Thank you Carmen, I'm grateful for your support, even if I don't deserve it." "I agree with you, you don't deserve it. Nevertheless, I'll stick by you. I'm doing this for my son's family as well as for you. I'll allow you to have an excellent opportunity to start anew." "I love you Carmen. Thank you, thank you! I'll leave those people alone, especially William Darcy and Elizabeth Benes. I hope they're happy together." "That's the right attitude. Let's have a final talk about those two, so you can get them off of your system. I know about William Darcy, but not about Elizabeth Benes. She must be a paragon of virtue, to capture the formerly elusive Mr. Darcy. I wonder if I know of her. The name sounds familiar..." "You probably don't. She has neither distinction nor status. Granted, she's good-looking and talented in many ways, but she's just an ordinary Puerto Rican girl studying at Georgetown University. She's a roommate of my brother's girlfriend." "A Puerto Rican at Georgetown University? Hmm… Her last name is Benes… Hmm… That name… Do you know if her mother passed away recently?" "Yes, a couple of years ago I believe." "Does she, by any chance, have a brother living here in Manhattan?" "I don't know where he lives, but I know he allegedly works at Wall Street and he's attending NYU. His name is Robbie." "Robbie? Roberto... Ahh! Elizabeth and Roberto Benes... I remember now! Oh, Caroline, if I'm not mistaken, that girl must be the daughter of the distinguished couple Mr. Tomas and Sylvia Benes! Mr. Benes is somewhat of an eccentric when it concerns his children. He values their privacy tremendously. I only know of him and his family because I have a mutual friend of his late wife. As a matter of fact, I met Mrs. Benes a few times myself before her unfortunate passing. She was so proud of her children! Let me tell you something about that family. And don't think for one second that I'm giving you any ammunition to use in your lost battle for Mr. Darcy. On the contrary, my information will reinforce the fact that the best course of action for you is to begin anew. William Darcy is a lucky fellow if you ask me!" "Please tell me, I'm dying of curiosity! I promise you I won't tell a soul." Lizzy woke up before dawn that Saturday morning. The sun hadn't begun to parade its encompassing beam when Lizzy setup to jog around Rosings Park. The boring landscape sans trees wasn't an impediment to Lizzy's enjoyment of the fresh Florida morning, as she was traversing the repetitive paths around the park. The only thing bothering her was the conspicuous absence of bird songs. 'How did the Wicked Witch of the South manage to remove all the birds from this place? Maybe they left voluntarily, scared of her incantation spells. Ha! I'm being unkind; she must have some redeeming qualities. Let me think… I can't think of any!' Engaged in those musing, in one turn she perceived a soft noise and when she turned her head she almost screamed when she realized someone was following her. She picked up her pace furiously but her pursuer caught up with her easily and began to jog parallel to her. "Will! You scared me to death!" "Pardon me Lizzy, I was running in that path out there but the moment I saw you I decided to follow you. You had such a charming look of concentration. So I stayed behind admiring the view. Ha! Until now when I recklessly frightened you. Would you rather continue running alone?" "Not anymore," she said, blushing at the complement. "I didn't know you enjoyed early morning jogs. Isn't this a pleasant day?" Will continued with his playful flirting. "It's more agreeable now that you're here." She smiled at his gallantry. "Well, thank you Mr. Darcy for making my morning more pleasing. Are you ready for a race? Catch me if you can!" She accelerated going into different paths. She went very fast without looking back. After a few minutes, she slowed down her pace. She looked back and was disappointed to notice he wasn't following her. When she turned to face forward, she almost crashed with Will, who was approaching from the other side. "I'm sorry to frighten you again. I intended to surprise you but you turned your head and didn't see me coming." "You are a man of many surprises Mr. Darcy!" "Yes I am, Miss Benes, I expect to always keep you on your toes. I have another surprise for you if you care to see it. It's a special place known only to me and no one else alive. Would you do me the honor of allowing me to show it to you?" "When you ask me that way sir, how can I deny your request? Is it close by?" "Yes, please come with me." Darcy directed Lizzy to a path in an isolated part of the park. He stopped and began to make an opening in the shrubberies. He allowed her to go first and then he followed. In the middle of the covered hedgerow, she was surprised to find the trunk of a very wide tree cut to about four feet tall. "I was wondering where all the trees in Rosings had gone. This enormous tree appears to have been cut not too long ago. Is there a reason why there are no trees in this property? Is this related to Anne's allergies?" "Yes, when Anne was a child she had some serious respiratory allergies. Almost twenty years ago, my aunt decided to do away with all possible sources of allergens in all of Rosings Park. Thus the removal of all the trees and all flowering plants. She had all of them uprooted, nothing survived. And then she had these shrubs planted all over the property in this maze of corridors. The horticulturist here was a very capable man who engineered a Japanese Boxwood variety capable of growing over 10 feet while producing the least amount of allergens. The hedges are clipped regularly to maintain the perfect shape and size you see." Lizzy feigned ignorance; this wasn't her story to tell. "Anne told me about her allergies but she didn't tell me about the change of vegetation to suit her illness. I suggested to her to have herself examined by an allergist-immunologists. I believe some children outgrow their symptoms." "My aunt is very eccentric and doesn't want to take chances with Anne's health. My poor cousin has never left Rosings. So we don't know if her condition is permanent or if it has improved. This is a Live Oak; it was a favorite of mine when I was a child. I used to climb this tree all the way to the top and remain there for hours. The big purge occurred when I was nine. I remember the first time I returned to Rosings. I was so devastated looking everywhere for my tree. My father was with me when I was searching. When I realized it was gone, I cried for a long time with my father standing by me. After I calmed down, my father surprised me by taking me to this same very spot and showing me this trunk. He knew how important this tree was to me and he had asked the Rosings horticulturist to hide it from my aunt. I still remember his words. 'Son, your tree is not dead; its heart is still beating inside this trunk.' That day my father made me a promise. He said he would keep the trunk alive until the day my aunt would allow trees to grow here again. And then we would help it grow again to its former splendor. At the time I thought that was possible, and I believe my father thought the same thing. The horticulturist took good care of this trunk. He trimmed the sprouts on a regular basis and applied a special fungicide to keep it from rotting. After the good man died a few years later I used to come to Rosings frequently with my father with the hidden purpose of maintaining my tree. When I grew up I practically forgot about it, but he didn't. The day he died, on his deathbed, my father asked me to take care of our special tree. But I couldn't come back here, it was too painful. This is the first time I visit this place since then." Darcy was now melancholic with sadness in his eyes. Lizzy gave him a hug. She patted his hand and tried to think of something to say to lessen his pain. She didn't know that her hug was the perfect balm to alleviate his pain. "Thank you for sharing with me. Your father was such a special person and loved you so much! I feel honored to have the opportunity to meet your childhood friend. I can imagine you as a child in the tree, watching the horizon and daydreaming. I used to do the same thing back home. There was a mango tree in our property which I would climb all the way to the top. While enjoying a delicious fruit and observing the immense ocean before me, I would visualize myself as a ruthless pirate navigating the Atlantic and Caribbean waters in search of adventures and secret islands. What were your dreams here?" "I didn't have oceans and seas to look up to, but out there are the Everglades." He pointed in a southwest direction. "I couldn't see it, but I did in my imagination. I was an alligator hunter fighting them with my bare hands and my favorite knife and making fancy belts, armor, and boots with their skins. And a purse for my mom." He changed his demeanor and with a small grin, added. "Somehow I can't picture you climbing a tree. You give the impression of being too feminine, too delicate, and too weak to climb a tree." She smiled and with an air of solemnity replied, "I have to tell you, Mr. Darcy, I'm proud to have been a tomboy all my life. For that you would have to blame Robbie. Due to a lack of male partners, he selfishly took his little sister in as his apprentice in the arts of boyish behavior. My mother was set against it but my father was proud to see me get in all kinds of trouble as a little girl. And that I did! Especially in our own mysterious island. Oh no! I just revealed a secret no one should know and now I have to kill you." "You can kill me if you want but before you do can you grant me one final wish?" He approached her while saying this and although it made her feel a little uncomfortable, she didn't back away. When his face was almost touching hers he whispered. "Can you sing for me one last time? I want to die while listening to your bewitching voice." He was so close he could kiss her. And she would not have complained. She closed her eyes waiting to feel his lips but instead she heard him say. "I think we better go back before I do something regrettable that could harm our friendship." She felt disappointed but at the same time, she was grateful that he didn't take advantage of this moment of weakness. After a few seconds, she was able to regain her composure. She looked at him with adoring eyes and smiled. "Thank you. I appreciate your consideration and if you promise not to divulge my secret I won't have to kill you." Darcy was in a state of bliss. "Only if you promise to sing for me in my deathbed." She replied, "I promise. Now you're making me sad. I don't want you to die any time soon. What if I promise to sing for you on your birthday?" "In all of them?" The intense look she gave him with her captivating eyes paralyzed him. He was lost in a void, unable to move a muscle. He was rendered powerless to do what he wanted more than anything in the world. He forced all his willpower to think of something else in order to remove the spell he had been put under. "Lizzy?" "Yes Will?" "I'm dying of curiosity to know the earth-shattering secret you were going to tell me last night." "I'll tell you everything. But first you have to do something for me." "What?" "Will you kiss me already you dummy?" "I thought you'd never asked!" He approached her slowly, gently taking her hands, intertwining her fingers with his. Her eyes were closed; her cheeks had a rosy glow. The kiss began slowly. Her lips were soft and warm; they began to part to deepen the kiss. The couple was lost in a heavenly... "Will! Will! I know you're there! Come out now or I'll go in and get you!" The couple instantly separated. Lizzy whispered, "I thought this was your secret spot?" "Apparently not to Anne," he replied softly, "That girl has psychic powers, she…" "Will! I'm going to count to three, if both of you don't come out right now, I'm coming in! One! Two!" All of a sudden, an embarrassed Will emerged with a red faced Lizzy following behind. Richard and Anne emitted a loud hurrah and shook hands. Richard took his wallet and gave her a 100-dollar bill. "I don't know how she knew you'd both be here, but the moral of the story is, never bet against Anne! We're sorry to interrupt you, but we have to warn you that The Cat is already on the prowl. She's been asking for Will, so we better take him back to Rosings now before she sends a search party. You'll have to hold on one more day, lovebirds."
Chapter 27 - Wedding Rosings Style, Part 1 As Lizzy was coming into the apartment after her morning jog, she was gently caressing her lips with the tip of her fingers while sporting a dreamy look. Her fine eyes had been brightened by the exercise, or perhaps by a more intimate experience. When Jane inquired about the source of her daydreaming thoughts, a red-faced Lizzy immediately went to the bathroom to shower and prepare for the day ahead. Jane knew better, she just smiled contentedly. 'Two out of three! Now let's get ready to put into action our plan to rescue Charlotte.' The first thing she did was to call her darling Charles. She couldn't believe how much she missed him already, as it had only been… Eight long hours! A third of a day already! Charles answered before the initial ring, that's how desperate he was to hear from his love! •••••••••• Jane and Lizzy had a big surprise prepared for Charlotte. With the help of Charles, they packed their wedding clothes and accessories in Lizzy's car. Next, they went to Charlotte's room and knocked on the door. When a still drowsy Charlotte opened the door, before she knew what was going on, Lizzy whisked her away with the promise of a hearty breakfast. With the help of the chuckling guards, they placed her in the front passenger seat and reclined it so she could resume her slumber. Jane and Charles went inside the room to retrieve Charlotte's wedding 'paraphernalia', as Charles playfully called it. Luckily, everyone else was still sleeping, so none of their friends noticed the activities of the sneaky abductors. They loaded all the stuff in the car and quickly left Rosings. Charles remained behind after he gave an almost indecent goodbye kiss to his love. •••••••••• As Charlotte was slowly waking up, she felt thrilled with the situation. She was still dreaming, enjoying her virtual adventure very much. She was flying, flying, flying away from that place of extreme misery… But when she woke up fully she became alarmed. "No! Girls! I appreciate your courageous efforts on my behalf but I have to put a stop to it. I need to go through with my wedding. Please don't make it more difficult for me. Lizzy, turn the car around, I need to go back." Her friends laughed. "My dear Charlotte," Lizzy expressed with deep emotion, "Just say the word and I'll take you away in a heartbeat never to return! Everything we need for your wedding has been loaded in the trunk of my car. We're going to a special place to set you up so you'll be the most beautiful bride ever! I promise we'll be back in time for your wedding." "But, Lady Catherine already arranged for someone else to prepare me. She'll be furious!" Lizzy quickly replied, "I can take the blame if you want. It won't cause me a moment's distress because, after today, I may safely promise you never to set foot on Rosings Park as long as Lady Catherine is the evil queen of that territory. The old bag can kick me around one more time. Today is all about you, so we're at your service. I promise you if she's not satisfied, everyone else will be thunderstruck with your dazzling looks!" "Lizzy, are you sure you're willing to take more abuse from Lady Catherine?" Jane wanted to put her two cents. "Hey, I'm here too! I'll say it was all my idea. I want to be mistreated too for the sake of my best friends!" When she heard Jane, Charlotte calmed down and decided to trust her friends. After all, this was her special day, or her doomsday, depending on how you looked at it! She decided to embark on this new adventure. Her last one as a free woman! •••••••••• Instead of going east towards Palm Beach, Lizzy drove north and in twenty minutes they arrived at a gated property. As soon as Lizzy's car approached, the gate opened and they entered a cobblestone paved courtyard. The first thing they noticed was the abundance of gorgeous flowering trees and bushes, all proudly displaying their most attractive spring dresses. Red, pink, white, yellow, orange, blue, purple. The colorful rainbow was a breath of fresh air for them as they came from that austere territory of Rosings. The courtyard was very long and wide; on the other side, there was a mansion with elliptical stone stairways, a baroque covered porch and natural stone columns and windows. The roof had red, rounded stone shingles. The imposing house resembled one of the famous original Southern Estates. Jane had this dreamy look on her face. "Lizzy, please don't tell me this is another one of your tiny homes!" Lizzy chuckled. "No, this property belongs to a nice couple who are very good friends of my father. They're not in today so unfortunately, we won't be able to meet them. We're just borrowing this large courtyard." Charlotte was curious. "Borrowing this courtyard? For what Lizzy?" "For this!" •••••••••• A few seconds after Lizzy's response, a helicopter landed right in front of them. After the blades stopped, a handsome young pilot, smiling from ear to ear, came up to them. "Hello ladies, how are you this beautiful morning? Feeling adventurous, are you?" All three went straight to hug him. "Robbie, I'm so happy to see you, there's so much we have to tell you!" "And I want to hear everything, but first let's get this baby back on the road, or better yet, on the air. They're waiting for us at the house." They loaded all the dresses and accessories in the helicopter and took off. Fifteen minutes later they landed on the roof of the Benes Palm Beach mansion. Two members of the staff were waiting for them to carry everything to the house. When they went inside, they found Mr. Benes with Ms. Amelia Heart. •••••••••• "Daddy, Aunt Amelia, I'm so happy to see you! You remember Charlotte; this is our best friend Jane." Amelia replied, "I'm glad to finally meet you, Jane. You're way more beautiful that I was led to believe. As for you, my dear Charlotte, you're going to be my special project for the day. Please come with me. We'll see you guys later." "Wait!" she was interrupted by a smiling Mr. Benes, "we are all starving here Amelia! Let us have some food before you begin. For you Charlotte, a light breakfast with lots of protein and carbs. We don't want to have you bloated on your wedding day but we want you to keep going." They had a very nice breakfast and spent a pleasant time in conversation. They all congratulated Jane on her engagement. Lizzy told them about her adventures with Lady Catherine but didn't mention her two encounters with Darcy because she still wasn't sure where their relationship was headed. She knew her heart was touched, and she knew he felt the same way, but the way his aunt behaved and seemed to have a way with everyone, including him, even if he expressed some opposition, led her to believe that maybe he still had some issues to resolve. There were also his other family members whom she hadn't met, including his senator uncle who might have some influence over him. She decided not to let it bother her. If he was serious, it was up to him to overcome all obstacles in order to secure her heart. Apart from the previous concerns, there was another issue lingering in her mind. 'I wonder how he will react when he finds out my real status. Would he be upset for my long concealment or would this help him make a speedier decision in my favor? It doesn't matter, Richard is absolutely right; he should know as soon as possible. I won't evade the issue anymore. I'll tell him next chance I have!' •••••••••• After breakfast, they said goodbye to Mr. Benes as he had a meeting to attend to in his main office in Puerto Rico. Jane and Lizzy went to Lizzy's room to prepare with the help of Amelia's assistants. Charlotte was taken by Amelia to another room in the Mansion, where she worked with Charlotte by herself. Amelia created a masterpiece. She had used makeup sensibly to enhance the natural lines of Charlotte's pretty face. Her copper red hair was done in a refined fashion with long soft curls and big loose waves falling on her shoulders. Her veil was light and fastened by a floral crystal and pearl tiara, complementing her classy earrings. Her brand new wedding dress was an achievement of magnificence! As soon as she saw it, Charlotte discarded her original gown, the one bearing the seal of approval of Lady Catherine, for this work of art. The white long strapless soft lace featured a sweetheart neckline, highlighting her pretty shoulders and collarbone curves. The rest of the gown fitted tightly to her body from her chest to her natural waistline to her knees, flaring out dramatically to the bottom in a chapel length train. The fabric was a delicate silk and rayon knitted into a satin finish with delicate crystal floral patterns throughout. When Amelia was done and Charlotte saw herself in the mirror, she was stunned! All her life she had operated under the assumption that she was plain looking, but today a drop-dead gorgeous young lady with a beaming smile was been reflected on that mirror. She was about to cry when Amelia cautioned her to not even try it or she would ruin her masterpiece. Charlotte smiled softly and gave her a sincere hug. After Jane and Lizzy were done, they went to Charlotte's room. When they saw her, they were amazed at the beautiful creature standing in front of them. Charlotte seemed to be glowing as if she was a goddess from Mount Olympus. •••••••••• Lizzy commented, "Charlotte, you are the picture of loveliness! I think his heart's going to melt when he sees you." "Who are you talking about Lizzy?" "Rich... eh, well, Wilfred Collins of course!" They both blushed at Lizzy's faux pass. Jane quickly added, "Charlotte, everyone in the wedding will be captivated by your stunning appearance. Today you are Princess Charlotte the First." Robbie met them in the room a while later. He was wearing an elegant tuxedo with a simple bowtie. When he saw Charlotte, he almost choked. "Charlotte, I envy the man who's going to make you his wife today! You look splendiferous!" "Hey! Lizzy protested, "You're only allowed to use that word for me! Not for Charlotte or anyone else! Now I'm jealous of her!" They all laughed and Charlotte was thrilled. •••••••••• After saying goodbye to Amelia, they boarded the helicopter and in less than an hour, they arrived at Hunsford. The girls made their way inside to Charlotte's apartment in a curious fashion. Jane and Lizzy were holding a blanket covering Charlotte until they were inside her room. Robbie went outside to appraise the others about Charlotte's whereabouts that morning. A while later Jane and Lizzy came out to join the others. Everyone left for the chapel leaving Charlotte alone in her room. Mr. and Mrs. Lucas went to see their daughter to accompany her to the chapel. As they were making their way into the room, she had turned around the other way in order to surprise them. Mr. Lucas was saying, "My sweet child, where were you? Everyone had been looking for you. Lady Catherine sent a nice lady, a Miss Nichols, to outfit you for the wedding, but you were gone. We couldn't find you anywhere! Miss Nichols said she had strict instructions on how to prepare you. It was funny because before she left when she realized she wasn't going to work on you, she was thanking the heavens and God almighty. Apparently, she alleged she had been sent here to commit fashion mayhem. What did she mean by it? I believe she left Rosings Park in a state of euphoria without speaking to Lady Catherine. Do you have any idea what she was about? You think Lady Catherine might be displeased with..." The second Charlotte turned around, her parent's mouths fell open. Mr. Lucas was rendered speechless! His wife exclaimed, "Is that you, my child, I'm all astonishment! You look like the most beautiful mermaid princess on her wedding day! Mr. Lucas, are my eyes deceiving me? I didn't know we had such a fine-looking girl in our family! Wait until Fanny sees you, she'll be so jealous!" Her father interjected, "My beautiful daughter, you are the jewel of Kent! Capital! Capital! Let's go now. We don't want to be late to your own wedding." •••••••••• Charles had left earlier for the chapel taking with him a very nervous Mr. Collins who, unusually for him, silently allowed Charles to lead him to his place by the altar. The chapel pews and altar were decorated with an orderly arrangement of artificial magnolias and white roses, all perfectly spaced according to Lady Catherine's specifications. The seating order consisted of the Rosings party in the front and center, followed by a few distinguished guests of Lady Catherine, Charlotte's family, the Bingleys, and the Hurts. Robbie and Fanny's party were relegated behind all the others, there were placed a few rows behind on the other side from where Lady Catherine was seated. Charlotte had wanted to invite her grandparents and other relatives from back home, but Lady Catherine, proclaiming that a wedding ceremony was a very personal affair for only the very closest family members, had recommended her not to issue more invitations than necessary. Charlotte hadn't agreed with such an irrational scheme, but as she did with everything else, she had acquiesced in the Lady's counsel without any objection. The wedding processional began in a grand fashion with a lavishly dressed Lady Catherine making a triumphal entrance alone as if she was a queen on her castle. Anne was behind, evidently very uncomfortable, wearing an embellished white ball gown with a tiara and gloves. She was escorted by a handsomely dressed Darcy, who had to sit next to her in the first row. Darcy was uncomfortable sitting in front of Charlotte's family but he was pleased because that strategic location would allow him a better view of the Maid of Honor. Next to Darcy, Lady Catherine had seated Mrs. Darcy, Richard, and Georgiana, in that order. Georgiana had been very unhappy because she wanted to sit with Robbie and Kitty. As soon as she perceived her aunt's distraction, she bolted from her seat and went to sit between her friends. Mr. Collins was standing by the altar with Charles and the priest. As soon as he saw his benefactress he began a perpetual bowing every time her gaze would rest on his person. Jane and Maria Lucas, the bridesmaids, walked in escorted by two handsome grooms who ushered them to their places. Unfortunately for Charles, Jane was on the other side of the altar. The bridesmaids were followed by the Maid of Honor. When she arrived at the altar, she exchanged a brief smile with Will. Lady Catherine noticed the interaction between the couple but didn't show her displeasure. Next came the ring bearer with the flower girl, who elicited a big smile from the guests. Charlotte's four and five-year-old niece and nephew had, in a last-second maneuver contrived by a surprise benefactor, replaced the unenthusiastic children of a staff member at Rosings. It had been a win-win for all four of them. Neither Charlotte nor Lady Catherine had been aware of the switch. •••••••••• The crushing of Richard Fitzwilliam's hopes and dreams had finally begun. Lizzy had been happily exchanging furtive smiles with Will, but when the reality of the situation hit her, she focused all her attention on Charlotte. Accompanied by the piano and acoustic guitars, the hired singer began performing the song Lady Catherine had chosen, Amazing Grace, by John Newton. Although certainly appropriate for the processional, that song also proved to be a suitable hymn for the somber mood some of the present were experiencing. The proud bride began her walk down the aisle in all her splendor with her happy father grinning from ear to ear. An increasing gasp of approval was heard as the guests caught sight of her for the first time. When Charlotte noticed the people on the back of the chapel, she almost cried of the emotion, but her tears were kept in check by her recollection of Amelia's caution, who made her promise she wouldn't cry until she was officially married. So, she giggled like a little girl. Her grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins and her closest friends from back home were in attendance! There were almost twenty people from her side of the family! At least she had something to smile at. Last night during the rehearsal, William Darcy had surprised her when he had requested the phone numbers of her aunts and uncles. She didn't know why he had made such an unusual request, he didn't explain. Here was the blissful answer! After the rehearsal, Darcy had personally called Charlotte's three aunts and two uncles to ask them to assemble a wedding party. Then early that same morning, the very capable Mrs. Reynolds had sent a charter plane to upstate New York and a minibus to Palm Beach International to pick them up and transport them to Rosings. She also reserved rooms in a hotel by the beach to host them for a couple of days until they were to return home to Rochester. Charlotte's happiness only lasted a few minutes. As she was happily moving towards the altar, she spotted Richard looking at her with what she imagined was pure adoration! She was in anguish but didn't want to have a breakdown in that moment. 'I wonder why he's looking at me like that. What does he mean by it? No, I shouldn't even think of the possibility. There will be time for regrets later, I'm going to enjoy this moment, my moment! I'm curious to see if his fiancée, the famous pediatrician, is better looking than me. Where is she? I don't see any unknown ladies next to him. Maybe she's busy delivering more babies.' She continued walking proudly with her broken heart concealed behind her smile. •••••••••• Everyone was commenting on how extraordinarily beautiful Charlotte looked. Anne turned back in curiosity. When she saw her, she whispered to her mom, "Aww, the bride looks like a princess in a fairytale! Miss Nichols surpassed herself this time! I have to congratulate her." Lady Catherine, too dignified to look back, promptly responded, "No Anne, you are the only princess here, she's not supposed to upstage you. I made absolutely certain myself when I sent that run-of-the-mill bridal dressmaker with strict instructions on how to prepare Charlotte." "I don't mind, mother. It's her wedding day, not mine! It doesn't matter because Miss Nichols made Charlotte look like a real princess! See for yourself." Charlotte had almost arrived at the altar when Lady Catherine stood in front of her blocking her path. As she was appraising Charlotte the singer noticed what was going on. She stopped singing and the music also stopped. The church was suddenly involved in a very tense silence while the Lady was looking at Charlotte disapprovingly. After a few minutes, Lady Catherine broke the silence. "Charlotte, is that the wedding dress I approved for you? And did Miss Nichols dress you up this morning?" "No, and no, ma'am." "Why not? Didn't I leave strict instructions for you to use that dress and only allow Miss Nichols to work with you?" "Yes ma'am, but Jane and Lizzy took me to a dressmaker friend of theirs out on the east coast. They gifted me with this beautiful wedding dress and their friend did the rest." Mr. Lucas was delighted. "She did an outstanding job, didn't she? I'm the proudest father ever! Doesn't she look like the jewel of Rosings?" Lady Catherine was appalled at the absurdity. "No, she doesn't! She will never be the jewel of any place! This is not to be borne. Why did you disobey my orders?" She was glaring straight at Charlotte, who looked like she wanted the floor to swallow her. Lizzy immediately came forward. "It was all my idea. I assume all the responsibility. I practically forced Charlotte to come with me this morning." "You!" exclaimed an irate Lady Catherine, "I am shocked and astonished! What gave you the idea that my orders were to be disregarded?" Lizzy was unfazed by the lady's scowling mien, "This is my gift for Charlotte's wedding. Doesn't she look stunning? This is her special day and she deserves to be at her very best! Are you displeased with her appearance?" "Yes I am!" With a lower voice, where she could only be overheard by those closest to her, Lady Catherine continued her rant. "This may be her wedding but she is my employee, and this is my chapel, and as such the distinction of rank should always be preserved. I will not allow anyone to disturb this natural order, much less an upstart with inferior birth such as yourself. I know who you are Miss Benes, and I know of your designs on my nephew. Drawing him in on that shameless fashion even on this most sacred chapel. And also this morning when you imposed on him by hiding in the hedgerows with him. Yes, Miss Benes, I have eyes and ears everywhere. Let's be clear on this, he will never surrender to your carefully crafted arts and allurements. No matter how hard you try and what devious schemes you want to throw at him, he knows the responsibility he has to himself and to all his family. He may agree to entertain himself with you, I don't care if he does, but he will never go beyond a mere adventure with you." Lizzy was astonished! "I have done nothing which I might even be remotely ashamed of! Besides, what your nephew does with is life and his future is a decision only he can make. I don't know how far he might approve of your interference in his affairs, but you have no right to concern yourself with mine. If he wants to start a relationship with me and if I accept him, it'll be without reference to you, or to any person so wholly unconnected with me. You are nothing to me!" "That will never happen! Your ambition will never be gratified. The Fitzwilliam name will not be polluted by the likes of you. You may be white and have some money, but you are a foreigner, a pitiable social climber with no importance and no connections! You will never succeed in your scandalous designs! William will marry my daughter and no one else!" Lizzy was speechless with rage! She shifted her attention to Will, expecting him to come to his defense as ardently as he had demonstrated his devotion that morning. Darcy was about to explode on his merciless aunt when he suddenly encountered Lizzy's fulminating glare… A thousand thoughts passed through his mind in those milliseconds between his meeting her stare and his subsequent reaction. His first thought was of his father. George Darcy had always been very kind to his only son. Only one time in his entire life did he remember his father ever disapproving of him. A young twelve-year-old William Darcy was a spoiled brat! To all outward appearances, he was the sweetest-tempered, most generous-hearted boy in the world. But he knew better. That morning he was alone in his room quietly reading a book, when a housemaid came in and began to vacuum the floor. She was happily engaged in her work when all of a sudden the machine stopped, drenching the room in an eerie silence. The screams of a child scared the bejesus out of her. She tried to apologize claiming that she thought everyone was downstairs, but he didn't let her. He continued to berate her until she began to cry and ran away from the room in shame. The young boy, his face still red from the anger, was going to follow her to continue his verbal assault when his progress was halted by an imposing figure standing at the door frame. His father didn't say anything. He didn't have to. His fulminating glare broke the young boy's resolve. They stood still for minutes, for young Darcy it seemed an eternity. Then his father left. No words were ever exchanged about this incident. It wasn't necessary, he had felt his shame on the extreme disapprobation of his father's eyes. He stood there for a long time after his father left, unable to move. A while later he searched the entire house until he found the cleaning lady. This time she was mentally prepared for his insults. It was so unfortunate that after hearing such glowing reports about the whole Darcy family that she had to discover the falsehood of those reports in such a painful way. But she needed that extremely good paying job for the sake of her young family. She could take some more abuse. Her only concern was not to be dismissed for such a big error in judgment. Instead of the expected insults, the boy began to cry in earnest apologizing profusely for his mean-spirited manners. She ended up comforting the boy as if he was one of her own. To his urging, she returned to his room to complete the job. He even helped her by lifting some chairs and rugs. Darcy also recalled the very first time when he had insulted Elizabeth and the look of fire in her eyes when she was responding to his cruel assessment of her. Then he remembered her angry eyes when she was responding to his goading about social classes. Then when she was singing with such intensity. Then her incredulous eyes when he was uttering those cruel insults after his disastrous proposal. And finally, this morning, when he had been lost in her rapturous eyes. It proved too much for his nerves... He froze! William Darcy froze! 'Oh, God, no!' He was petrified on his seat, his muscles wouldn't respond, he was unable to utter a single word! 'Oh, God! Please! Please! Please don't look at me like that! I can't move!' She momentarily averted her eyes from him and he began to regain his senses, but then she looked at him again. This time there was something else in her eyes. There was extreme disapprobation! He was irremediably lost! Lizzy had anxiously searched for Robbie, but he appeared to be oblivious to everything that was happening. He had all his concentration fixed on Georgiana. She looked around her one last time, Jane was guiltily crying in a low whine by herself. A visibly stressed Mrs. Darcy was silently imploring her son to react, but he had that brutally stoic expression in his glazed eyes. That incensed her more and she stared at him with such hatred! Finally, Lizzy reacted. "That's enough! You have insulted me in every possible method! I'll leave this place to never return! You're all safe from me, I won't associate ever again with anyone from your precious family! You won! But before I go I'll fulfill a promise I made to Charlotte years ago and you can't stop me!" Lady Catherine was basking on her triumph. "Go ahead, make a spectacle of yourself and then leave. No one wants you here." Lizzy quickly moved to the platform where the musicians were standing. Very politely, she asked for a guitar, stood firmly in front of the microphone, and began to strum it with ferocity. •••••••••• Robbie and Georgiana were in their own little world while all this was going on. It all began when Georgiana moved next to him and Kitty. He was amused with her antics. "Georgie! Are you sure you want to risk infuriating the Queen of this kingdom?" She smiled mischievously, "Nothing can keep me from my good friends, not even the Queen of Rosings!" "Ha-ha! Thank you Georgie. Kitty and I are very grateful to you." That night he began to look at Georgiana with different eyes. The main obstacle keeping him from fully admiring her was her age. He couldn't deny that she was very pretty; he enjoyed his conversations with her greatly because she had that mixture of liveliness, wittiness, tenderness, and sincerity he so much valued. But her youth was an impediment too big to overcome. So, he just chatted happily with her and occasionally with Kitty. There was no harm in enjoying a nice conversation with an interesting lady. They were so engrossed having engaging give-and-takes about all kinds of subjects that they completely missed the exchanges between Lizzy and Lady Catherine. Their absorption was interrupted when they began to hear an unexpectedly familiar melody. All of a sudden they both looked up and were flushed to note that Lizzy was the one playing the guitar, and Charlotte was standing alone by the altar with a very red face. Jane and Charles were holding each other while muttering something between them. Robbie was more surprised when he realized she was playing the tune for the song "La Novia", from Joaquin Prieto." 'What in the world is going on here and what is Lizzy doing? What did I miss? I thought she wasn't supposed to sing now! Why is she singing that song?' •••••••••• After a quick guitar intro, Lizzy began to sing. Blanca y radiante va la novia Le sigue atrás un novio amante Y que al unir sus corazones Harán morir mis ilusiones [There goes the bride, white and beaming Her amorous bridegroom is following behind And when they join their hearts They will shatter my illusions] Ante el altar está llorando Todos dirán que es de alegría Dentro su alma está gritando Ave María. [She is crying before the altar Everyone will say it's for happiness Internally her soul is screaming Ave Maria] Lizzy sang that Ave Maria with such power and perfectly pitched voice as to leave everyone astounded. At this point, the people in the Church were divided among those few who knew Spanish and were following the surprising lyrics, and the majority who were awestruck with Lizzy's exceptional vocal performance. Her notes went down deep into the very low bass ranges and then ascended to the high soprano scales with incredibly melodious smoothness. Charlotte had been thrown into an emotional whirlwind. Even though she couldn't understand the words, she knew very well what this song was about as Lizzy had sung it and explained it to her many times in the past. Richard was fully bilingual in Spanish and was able to absolutely comprehend the message the song was conveying. For the first time, a ray of hope was glimmering in the horizon. Lady Catherine was disconcerted by the incomparable melodies flowing into her ears. She suspected the impertinent lowborn was challenging her. 'Singing in Spanish, very ill–bred indeed!' The inferior girl was attempting to ruin her perfect wedding. Something inside her, though which she couldn't comprehend, was keeping her from interrupting that heavenly performance. She was experiencing a sensory dysregulation, a mystifying confusion clouding her mind, from the best singer she had ever heard. She wanted to, but she couldn't stop her. Her love of music overtook her infinitely superior judgment. She wanted to hear more. And Lizzy obliged her. Mentirá también al decir que sí Y al besar la cruz pedirá perdón Y yo sé que olvidar nunca podría Que era yo, no aquel a quien quería [When she says I do, she will also lie And when she kisses the cross, she will ask forgiveness And I know she could never forget That it was me, not him, whom she loved] Ante el altar está llorando Todos dirán que es de alegría Dentro su alma está gritando [Repeated] Ave María Ave María Ave María Ave María The last Ave Maria was intoned in a low pitch with an air of finality. She sustained the last two syllables for a long time while watching Richard, who was slowly but deliberately moving towards Charlotte. •••••••••• After gently strumming the last chord, Lizzy returned the guitar to the musician and began to walk out of the chapel at a fast pace with as much dignity as she could muster. When she was halfway, she removed her shoes and took off in a run, opening the chapel door and exiting without looking back. As she was running towards the parking lot she heard him frantically calling for her, but she didn't slow down. When he caught up to her she almost collapsed in his arms. At her insistence, they kept on running, he was half dragging her, until they reached her car. He helped her get in the passenger seat andwithout delay drove off towards the exit. Lizzy was staring ahead with an emotionless expression on her face, maintaining her composure until they exited the gate. Once outside Rosings Park, she burst out crying so hard that he was at a loss on what to do. He continued driving and held her as best as he could by placing her in his right shoulder and holding her head with his right hand. Lizzy kept sobbing uncontrollably making him feel guiltier by the minute because he knew he had failed her in the most inexcusable manner. He was a complete fool, an imbecile cretin, a stupid lamebrain!There weren't enough adjectives to describe how he felt. He couldn't protect her when she needed him and now it was too late! She was devastated and there wasn't a single thing he could do! Eventually, Lizzy fell asleep as she reached a point of complete exhaustion. He reached over her, reclined the chair as gently as possible, and kept on driving.
A/N: Sorry for posting this chapter and then removing it the next day or so. When a reviewer pointed out a weakness about our hero, I agreed with her somehow and decided to rewrite it giving him a little more spunk. And then I began to make a change here and a change there... I'm almost done with this story. There are still a few events which need to happen: Lizzy's birthday, the wedding disclosure, Darcy's moment of redemption, the final disclosure, more misunderstandings, more angst, the graduation, and the big finale! When I began writing this, I thought it was going to take me a few months and soon it's going to be two long years! There's like five or six more chapters, at least. At this rate, this is probably one additional year's worth! Hopefully not! And of course, I forgot the epilogue! It'll take forever! If not the worst, I'm at least the slowest writer wannabe ever! The problem is that I enjoy tweaking so much! And even after all the tweaks, the end result is not perfect, it's never perfect! Aargh! I know, I know, a beta would help greatly, maybe next book, if there's a next book. In a happier note, I have to say that Anna Fedorova is truly an exceptional pianist! She performed a two-hour concert, but to me it just felt like two minutes, one minute she was playing with her usual unrestrained brilliance, I was mesmerized, and the next minute she was gone! Thank God for YouTube where I can enjoy her performances nonstop! Not the same, but it'll have to do! She's almost always in the background when I write. Here's the next Chapter. I sincerely hope you enjoy! •••••••••• Chapter 28 – I Believe in Love at First Sight 'Mamita?Whereare we? Is this a museum? This is so strange.' 'Yes my sweet baby, we're in some sort of museum. Do you like it?' 'Not one bit! This painting in front of us is appalling! That horrible man is about to spank a helpless child, there's blood in his hands. He's hurting him bad! The poor child is screaming in agony and the man has such a look of hatred in his eyes! This is abominable! I hate him with passion!' 'What about the painting behind you?' 'Mother! That's a skull! What is this place? I don't want to be here any longer. Please take me somewhere else!' 'I will, my sweetest child, but first I want to teach you a lesson. Can you inspect the skull one more time while moving closer to it?' 'I don't want to, mom!' 'Please baby, do it for me.' 'Ok, but I'm going to hate it... Hmm... Hmm... Now I see it! It's a pretty woman with a high bun hairdo seated at a dressing table looking at her reflection in an oval mirror. There are many perfume bottles, flowers, a candle, and curtains in the background. I can't believe I didn't see it the first time!' 'Yes, dearest. This is a 19th-century original print by Charles Allan Gilbert titled "All is Vanity". Aside from the underlying critique about vanity, this drawing is not as gruesome when examined closely, as you originally assumed. In fact, you could say it's an innocent portrait. Remember this, my sweet daughter, things are not always as they seem.' 'I agree, mom. Now, as for this other painting, I won't change my mind! That awful man has no absolution! He's evil incarnate!' 'You would think so, my baby. This one's not so easy to understand because some information is missing. I'm going to slide this curtain to reveal more of the picture. Here's the wolf the man just killed. He's still gazing at the wild animal with such hatred for threatening the life of his terrified son. He's about to pick him up to bring him comfort. As you can see, the blood belongs to the wolf.' 'You cheated mom! Ha! I can't hate the man anymore, as a matter of fact, I admire him now!' 'Yes baby, that's the lesson I wanted to teach you. In order to be secure of judging properly the actions or motivations of a person, you have to examine all his circumstances closely, including the ones you don't know yet, and look at all possible angles and viewpoints. Then, and only then, will you be able to make out a true illustration of the character of said person. You don't want to allow yourself to be blinded by prejudice.' 'Wait a minute mother; I know what you're doing. This is about that inconstant man, isn't it? I'm sorry to disappoint you but none of this applies to his motivations or his circumstances! Don't even try, he had no excuse! He had the means and the opportunity to defend me, but he just remained there with that cold, infuriating expression. He chose that horrible woman over me! I'll never forgive him!' 'My dearest child, you don't have all the particulars. I think he's a good man. Can I give you a likely scenario which could potentially absolve him?' 'No mom, please, I beg you, let's not waste the precious moments we get to spend together on... Him! Our cherished time should be devoted to engaging in more agreeable prospects! Take me out of here please.' 'As you wish my sweet daughter. Besides, this is your dream! But I have to tell you how much I like him...' 'Give it up, Mother! So this is MY dream? Then, why would I be…? Never mind. It is of no consequence. Now, I want you to take me up all the way to the sky! Oops...! Whoa...! Yahoo...! Yeah...! I love it! I'm floating on acloud! Mom, can you see me? Mom, where are you...?Mom...? Where did you go...? Mom…? Mamita?' •••••••••• Lizzy woke up with a start, feeling the bed swaying under her. When she opened her eyes, she found an old friend she hadn't seen in years, who was gazing at her with concern in her eyes. "Jessica! This is a blast from the past! I haven't seen you in such a long time and now I'm dreaming of you. Hurry up, hug me before I wake up and you disappear!" Jessica gave Lizzy a big squeeze and then she pinched her on the arm. "Ouch! This means I'm not dreaming! It's really my naughty friend from high school! By the rocking of my bed, it seems we're in a boat. Where's Robbie? Is Rey here?" "The boys are busy steering our yacht. They sent me down to wake you up because we're all starving! Are you hungry Lizzy?" "I'm famished! So, how did I get to this place and how long I've been here? Why am I here? Not that I'm not very happy to see you but I'm curious. Where are we and where are we going? Is this your yacht? How's Rey? What's he up to? Is this Robbie's idea?" Jessica laughed. "I see you haven't changed a bit, Lizzy. Always asking a million questions a minute! Are you sure you're not a lawyer already? Ha-ha! Let's go upstairs with the guys and we'll answer all your questions." •••••••••• Lizzy took her suitcase to the bathroom to change. When she came out, they left the master stateroom and climbed the inside staircase arriving at the main deck at the bow, where they found a state-of-the-art helm station with a number of intricate electronic navigation instruments. Lizzy saw Robbie with a young man sitting in the twin helm chairs. She went and embraced him. "Reynaldo Morres, also known as Capitán Rey, the consummate master of the oceans! This yacht is impressive! I'm so happy to see you! As far as I remember, you're both very busy back in the island, so you must be on vacation with us. This was a nice surprise! Thank you, Robbie! What are the plans?" "Lizzy, you almost nailed it! Our good friends are very busy fellows, so, unfortunately, we'll be with them only for a few hours. Until we reach our final destination. Don't ask where we're going because it's a surprise." "You can't fool me, big brother, I have a strong suspicion. But as a consideration for your feelings, I'm not going to say anything. Only that it's about time! And I'm super excited!" Robbie was going to protest when Lizzy gave him a cheeky grin. "Now Jessica and Rey, you have to tell me everything about you. I haven't seen you both since your wedding. Well, you were there with me when my mom... Although we barely talked then. I can't believe it's been almost four years since we graduated from TASIS! But first things first. As Confucius once said, let's chow. I can smell something divine!" To the other side of the helm station, in the spacious main salon, there was an L-shaped cushioned lounge and a fully equipped modern kitchen, together with a dinette with leather settees. The large cocktail table was jam-packed with a variety of foods. The aromas were delicious. Robbie was pleased to notice how Lizzy had recovered her spirits. He had told his friends about Lizzy's recent heartache so they were careful not to mention anything about it. While they were eating, Jessica updated Lizzy on the last three years of her life with Rey. "When we got married, Rey was working as an electrical engineer for a manufacturing plant in Aguadilla [a town in northwest Puerto Rico] but he was unhappy with his mostly desk job. As for me, since I've lived in Dorado almost all my life, I also wanted to have some adventures. So, two years ago we made the big decision to change our lives. We left our jobs, sold our house, our cars, everything, and moved to South Florida. Your dear father, God bless him, helped us acquire this comfortable luxury yacht, and that's how our boat charter business was started. In addition to regular trips to our secret destination, we do all kinds of ocean expeditions for our customers, including whale and dolphin watching, fishing trips, dinner cruises, and even small weddings and parties, in the waters around South Florida. We're proud to say that we've just finished paying all our debts, and we're in the process of expanding our business." Robbie pointed to her swollen belly. "By the looks of it, you're also expanding your family, congratulations!" "Oh, Jessica!" Lizzy exclaimed, "How could I've missed it? I'm so happy for you! When's the big day?" And so continued the happy conversation among the good friends. Some time later, a proud Jessica gave Lizzy a tour of the yacht and then they settled on the aft deck of the flybridge to watch the setting sun, leaving the boys in the lower helm station, who were busily engaged in talking about electronic gadgets and fishing apparel. •••••••••• The two friends sat in a pair of comfy deck chairs overlooking the calm Florida waters. They spent a delightful few hours reminiscing about their good old days back in their school in Dorado. Lizzy was, for the most part, getting updates about their friends. From time to time they would break off their conversation in order to enjoy the sight of dolphins swimming alongside the yacht, who would regale them with fancy pirouettes and flip-flops. They also had the great luck to spot a trio of humpback whales. Lizzy was animated, she wanted to get closer. Rey cut the engines and the boat drifted along calmly. The whales expediently granted Lizzy's wishes, they began to lazily swim around the boat, spraying water through their blowholes just feet from them. One of them, the baby of the family, put on a show for the girls. The young bull would propel itself high out of the water and then it would slap the water hard as it came back down with a big splash. A little while later, after satisfying their curiosity, the large cetaceans moved away. The youngster lifted and slapped its magnificent tail on the water as if saying goodbye. A few minutes after crossing to the Florida Bay, they sighted a lone sailor in a boat approaching from the stern, they waved at him and he waved back. Lizzy was curious. "Is it safe to be going all alone in these waters this time of night?" "He's an intrepid mariner I would say," responded Jessica. "Although, his boat seems to be pretty fancy. Look at those impressive twin engines! He surely can outdistance any pirate who may dare try to overtake him. You can see how fast he's going now. He's almost flying!" Now Lizzy was concerned. "Are there pirates in the Florida Bay? Shouldn't we warn him? He's all alone!" Lizzy waved again, trying to call the attention of the sailor as he was passing them. He gave a courteous nod but his eyes didn't reach hers; he seemed to have been distracted, absorbed by his own thoughts. Suddenly, Lizzy stopped waving. Jessica observed the man's abstracted look but when she saw Lizzy she was immediately alarmed. "Lizzy, what's wrong? You look like you've seen a ghost! All you all right?" Lizzy remained motionless, her eyes were glazed over, her blood had drained out of her face, losing her rosy appearance; she turned as pale as she possibly could. "Lizzy, talk to me! What's happening to you? Should I get Robbie? Lizzy?" "No, Jessica, I'm okay. I think I saw someone familiar but it's impossible, it's not humanly possible! My brain must be playing tricks with me. Just give me a minute, I'll be fine." 'It's definitely not him! He's rejoicing with his adoring aunt on that hideous place! Thank you mother; this is your fault. You're disconcerting me! Will I be seeing him everywhere now? You better stop or I won't summon you to my dreams ever again!' "Lizzy, did you say something? You sure you're okay? I'm very worried! Lizzy?" "I'm okay now Jessica. Sorry, my mind drifted a little but I'm back. So you were saying about that boater, you think he could be at risk? Shouldn't we follow him to warn him?" Her color had returned and now she had settled down. Jessica noticed her improvement and was satisfied. She then laughed. "Even if we wanted, we can't match his speed! Don't worry Lizzy, the Coast Guard is everywhere in these waters. I would worry more about him getting stuck on a sandbar, and then they could assault him. He could be in serious trouble! Let's hope he's as savvy as our Rey navigating these waters. For his own safety, I just hope he slows down." Lizzy stared at the lone sailor until it disappeared from sight. She silently offered a prayer for his safe travel, hoping against hope that it wasn't him. It couldn't be him! Just in case, she offered a second prayer, although he didn't deserve it. The cool springtime Florida weather was as ideal as Lizzy had ever experienced. A full cloudless moon reflected her soothing glow on the calm waters. Lizzy put that crazy, impossible moment behind, it had clearly been a cruel illusion due to her agitated spirits. She was enjoying herself with her friend so much! The events from earlier today were forgotten for the time being. Jessica had done a wonderful job of restoring Lizzy's cheer. •••••••••• Let's go back a few hours to that same afternoon. All through the wedding ceremony, Darcy had acted like an automaton. He had stood there as if he was a puppet, mechanically complying with the instructions the others were giving him. His mind was a total blank. Once the ceremony was over, he went straight to his room claiming a slight headache. He spent half an hour tossing and turning, trying desperately to fall asleep. It was a hopeless exertion, it made him restless. He left his room and went out the back door, away from the cacophony of laughter and shouting of the celebrants; he couldn't stand their happiness! He circled the building, went to the parking lot, got in his car, and took off. He drove for a little more than an hour following an east-southeast route when he arrived at a beach mansion in Fort Lauderdale. As he was making his way through the foyer, a sturdy middle-aged man dressed in a blue Hawaiian shirt with khaki pants came in to welcome the unexpected visitor. "Mr. Darcy! What a nice surprise! Are you coming alone or should we expect the whole family?" "Thank you, Mr. Velazquez. I'm by myself, but I'm not staying. Can you prepare my Sea Ray for a trip to Coldán Key? I want to leave in an hour if possible." "Yes sir, your boat will be ready in an hour. It's in top shape. I'll have someone fill up the tank, launch it and add provisions. Do you want the usual crew?" "It won't be necessary Mr. Velazquez, I'll stay near land and be very careful, but I prefer to go alone this time." "As you wish sir. Please keep in touch at all times." Darcy nodded and went to his room to change. Two hours later he was cruising along the Southeast Florida shoreline when to his starboard side he could recognize the skyline of the city of Miami, highlighted by the setting sun behind. The lights of the skyscrapers were beginning to reflect their multicolor lines off the tranquil waters of Biscayne Bay. On his port side, there was nothing but a vast blue ocean under an increasingly darkening sky. He turned his head to stare straight ahead, enjoying the feeling of the salty wind caressing his cheeks. The boat's efficient acoustical insulation system design reduced the engine noise, allowing Darcy to listen to the hull parting the spuming Atlantic foam waters, which felt like soothing music to him. Four hours after leaving his own pier, he crossed from the Atlantic Ocean to the Florida Bay by carefully navigating through Snake Creek, a channel in the Upper Florida Keys connecting the two immense bodies of water. It was now dark but the full moon was shining brightly. His sleek boat was equipped with the latest maritime navigation equipment and Darcy was very experienced traversing these waters, as he had been doing it with his father since he was a little boy. There were other boats, and his Sea Ray had very powerful and efficient twin outboard motors, so he felt pretty safe. Soon after, he came across a nice looking yacht with the name Jessica clearly visible on the transom. He estimated it was about 60 to 70 feet long, painted white, blue and green with teak trims. It was traveling at a leisurely pace. There were two women sitting on the back of the flybridge deck. They waved and he waved back. His mind was still reluctant to perform its normal duty and he was acting on rote instinct while steering his boat. He literally stepped on the gas passing them swiftly. One of the women seemed to be trying to call his attention. He nodded but didn't look at her. There was only one woman in the entire world whom he would want to see at that moment, and she certainly wouldn't be sitting on that upper deck waving at him of all places! It wasn't an entirely uncivil performance, he could've shown a little more deference, but his downhearted frame of mind at that moment didn't allow him to be more attentive. Had he done so, he would've recognized the sparkling eyes of the exceptional lady he loved so much, and his reaction would have been… Bad news! We'll never know because he didn't see her. Instead, he mindlessly continued on his way towards the Bay. •••••••••• As the Jessica was reaching its destination, Lizzy was lamenting the relatively short duration of the trip. She was sad to part company with her friend so soon. "Oh, Jessica, I haven't enjoyed anything as much as our time together tonight! I wish I could stay with you longer." "Hey, you know where to find me!" "Yes, now that I know you're here I'll have to come to Florida more often!" "Lizzy, we're staying on this island until we take you back to the mainland; it's going to be a mini vacation for us too. So, you'll have to visit me once or twice." "Why, of course, my good friend! I'm happy as a clam!" In a few more minutes, the Jessica arrived on a large key. The full moon shined on a pristine beach with a large wooden pier, where they anchored. On the background, Lizzy could make out a variety of palm trees, Queen , Royal, tall Sagos, and her all-time favorite, the ubiquitous Coconut Palm, all arranged in a magnificent symmetry along the periphery of the well-lighted property. At the end of the beach in the center, there was a large two-story house with some people standing on the balcony, a couple with some children; they appeared to be waiting for them. In the distance, Lizzy couldn't distinguish their faces. Robbie and Rey tied up the boat and helped the girls get to the pier. As they began walking in the direction of the house, Lizzy set up in a run to hug two of her most favorite people in the world. "Uncle Mino, Aunt Trish, I knew we were coming to see you! I'm so happy to be here again! I missed you all so much!" Before they could respond, a little girl came forward to interrupt them. When Lizzy saw her she was startled. She looked like a mirror image of herself! Before Lizzy could utter a single word the little girl declared, "I'm happy that you are so pretty, because my mommy always says that when I grow up, I will be as pretty as you! My name is Isabel and we are twin cousins, but I'm only three years old," she held up three tiny fingers, "and you are so old and so tall!" Lizzy was instantly enamored with that little girl with the beautiful brown eyes, soft curly hair and rosy cheeks. She kneeled down to study her. "I know who you are, I held you in my arms on many, many occasions when you were a tiny baby back in my home. I can't believe it's been such a long time! You've grown so much! By the way, I'm not so old and you don't have to wait because you're already very pretty and you're going to be as tall as me. Would you give me a hug?" Isabel jumped in Lizzy's arms to embrace her and didn't let go. "Can I stay with you?" "Of course you can sweetie!" They were all amused at the instant connection the two cousins had established. Robbie, in a feigned expression of jealousy, went to Isabel. "Hey! I'm hurt! I thought I was your favorite cousin! Come here!" He took her from Lizzy's arms to give her another big hug. Three boys came up and one by one gave Lizzy a hug. "I remember you, you're Mino Junior, the man of the family, you're Javier, the athlete, and you're Andrés, the avid book reader! I'm so proud to have such beauty... I mean, such manly and strong cousins to protect Isabel and myself!" •••••••••• Jessica and Reynaldo promptly said good night to the family and left in their yacht to dock in their own private beach. "I see that my friends are regular visitors. It's been ages since I've been here. Before the children were born. It's not fair, I've barely had the chance to be with them and get to know them! You haven't visited us in such a long time! I wanted to return but my family never indulged me." Lizzy was again interrupted by Isabel. "Can you pick me up?" "Those words are like honey to me, come here! Had I known my cousin had transformed into such an adorable little lady, I would've braved storms, rough seas and sharks to come here sooner!" "Well, sister, that would've been hard to accomplish since our aunt and uncle live so far away. I don't think dad would be very happy to have you put your life at risk." Aunt Trish asked, "How's that brother of mine? When is he coming back to visit us?" "What!" Lizzy exclaimed, "So, the two of you have been coming here without me? Now I'm cross with you and father!" "I'm sorry Lizzy, dad and I are very selfish creatures, we have kept you all to ourselves. But now that you've come here and seen them, we know there's no way to keep you away. Especially since you've met your twin!" Lizzy squeezed Isabel. Isabel smiled and squeezed her back. "Aww... All my life I had thought it was plain nonsense, but today I can safely say I believe in love at first sight!" They went inside the big house where they spent a jovial time talking about their lives and answering inquiries about their studies and future plans. When it was time to retire for the night, Lizzy went straight to her room and took her phone to berate her father! He was lucky there was no signal! 'Wait... I forgot... Yes! Uncle Mino has a wonderfully fast Wi-Fi service. Thank you, cousin Andy. I'm going to video-chat with father. This is better; this way I'll see his face! The traitor! Coming here who knows how often, without inviting me not even once!' Lizzy had an illuminating conversation with her father; Mr. Benes had the talent of knowing what to say to conciliate his precious daughter. On this instance he pulled the 'mom' card. When they said goodbye, she was so exhausted she jumped in bed and fell asleep right away. What an auspicious beginning to her island vacation! •••••••••• Lizzy's uncle, Mino Coldán, began his career at BRECO as soon as he graduated from college and before long, passed the CPA, or Certified Public Accountant, exam. In a few short years, by virtue of his innate leadership, proficiency, and hard work, he quickly rose to the position of controller. Since he was a young man, he had been the right-hand of Mr. Benes and was very close to the family. He married Mr. Benes' much younger and only sibling, Trish, two decades ago. They were both very passionate lovers of nature and the outdoors and were more comfortable camping and hiking by themselves than living in the city. On their fifth-year anniversary, they decided to make their dreams a reality. With Mr. Benes' full support, they sold everything they owned, bought a large key in the Florida Bay, and built a bed and breakfast lodge. Coldán Key B&B became very popular among boating enthusiasts and their families, as a place to relax, enjoy island adventures and observe nature at its most pristine. A few years later, they decided to start a family. With the arrival of the children, they converted the lodge into their family home. Mr. Coldán continued providing occasional consulting services for BRECO, but the family's main source of income derived from leasing a number of isolated beachfront cottages and bungalows they built around the key. Each home had its own private beach and pier, allowing the occupants to come and go as they wished. The only requirement was for them to check in with a secure phone number ahead of time, to ensure safety and the provisioning of the homes according to their specifications and length of stay. Some of the cottages had been sold to wealthy customers. The few part to full time residents would inhabit their homes to relax, meditate, and enjoy the peace and tranquility of their own private beach. There were some areas around the key which were of common usage, a large beach on the east side, some hiking trails, and a long pathway for riding horses. •••••••••• Let's return to our hero. Darcy navigated another half hour maintaining a west-northwest bearing when he finally arrived at his destination, Coldán Key. Yes, he was one of those wealthy customers. His late father had been one of the first patrons of Coldán Key B&B. He used to bring his family almost every year. When the opportunity presented itself, he bought a piece of the key and designed and built his own large cottage. During the last few years of his life, he would just come with his son and his nephew Richard. Now the cottage was only used occasionally by the cousins. Darcy docked his boat, secured it, took his traveling bag, and entered the cottage. After a refreshing shower and a sandwich for dinner, he went outside beer in hand. He stared at the blue moon sky, which made him remember a conversation he had with her the night before last, about her favorite color. That conversation now seemed a million years ago. Suddenly, a quiet disturbance in the water interrupted his thoughts. He walked to his small beach to find a loggerhead sea turtle slowly crawling out of the bay, moving inland to a warm dry sandy area above the high tide line. Once it found a suitable spot near a dune, it began to dig a hole with its rear flippers while rotating her body. When the hole was deep enough, the turtle began to lay its eggs. They looked like flexible wet ping-pong balls. Tens and tens of them, more than a hundred! Once it laid its last egg, it began to cover the hole with sand. When it was done, the female slowly returned to the bay. Darcy watched the slow-motion movements of the loggerhead under the shine of the moon and stars until it disappeared in the bay waters. It wasn't the first time he'd enjoyed this wonder of nature, but it always enthralled him. He went to bed trying not to dwell on the earlier part of the day while struggling to get some needed sleep. •••••••••• When Lizzy woke up that Saturday morning, she felt a warm body next to hers and a tiny hand on her neck. When she opened her eyes, she met a pair of beautiful twinkling brown eyes looking at her. "Good morning sleepy head!" That comment made Lizzy smile. "Good morning Isabel, how long have you been here?" "I don't know. Lizzy, can you give me hug?" "Of course honey!" Lizzy eventually was successful in disentangling herself from Isabel to go to the bathroom and change her clothes. She was going to go for a jog but her little cousin looked at her with sad eyes and she decided to take her for a walk. In the way out they met with Uncle Mino who assured her it was safe to walk around the island. They went for a short hike on a trail close to the house. Within a few short minutes, Isabel claimed fatigue, prompting Lizzy to lift her on her shoulders. When they returned to the house, they were starving. Their family was waiting in the dining room where they had a hearty breakfast. Later that morning, Lizzy took her cousins to their private beach where they spent a delightful time frolicking in the cool blue crystalline waters with white sands. In the afternoon, they went on an adventurous hiking trail to the interior of the key. At night, the whole family had a campfire where they exchanged horror stories. Late that night, they embarked on a little expedition to an isolated beach near their home to search for nesting sea turtles. They were lucky to find a loggerhead. Lizzy held on to Isabel, both deeply concentrated watching the whole nesting process until the turtle was gone. They returned to the house exhausted. Lizzy had Isabel in her arms; they had remained glued to each other the whole time. To her absolute delight, she was allowed to sleep with her. They said good night to the others and cheerfully disappeared in Lizzy's room. They both went to the bathroom to prepare for sleep, and then they lay down in bed, but before she fell asleep, Isabel had one more request for Lizzy. "Can you tell me a bedtime story?" "Why of course my love! A long, long time ago, there was an island of gnomes and fairies. A very pretty fairy whose name was Isabella lived on that island with her family. She had magical powers to heal plants and animals..." Lizzy was inspired making up a story, but when she turned to look at her cousin, she was fast asleep. Lizzy smiled, gave Isabel a kiss on the forehead, tucked her in, laid down next to her, and then she fell asleep with a smile. •••••••••• While for Lizzy that Saturday had been a glorious day of fun, for Darcy, it had been the most intensely bizarre day of his entire life! He spent a restless night where sleep evaded him for the most part. He woke up late that morning and decided to do some hiking. He set up on a walk to the tallest hill on the key. Hiking always had a calming effect on him that he so much needed. The solitude, the fresh greenery, and the sounds of birds and insects during the long walk allowed him to clear his mind of negative feelings. By the time he had reached the peak, he was almost smiling. When he was standing atop the peak, he noticed there was at least a forty-foot drop ahead into a hard terrain below. From his vantage point, he caught sight of some people on the private beach by the main house. In the distance, he could make out a young woman holding a little girl while laughing and enjoying a frolic in the water with three other boys. At first, he thought it was Mrs. Coldán with her four children so he shifted his view to admire the long horizon. Something about the lady though caught his attention. He didn't know why but she didn't seem to be Mrs. Coldán, she appeared to be more energetic than the normally collected mistress of the island. Perhaps she was a visitor, or a nanny. Somehow she seemed familiar. To satisfy his curiosity, he decided to take a quick peek with his binoculars. When he recognized the face of the lady, he was so shocked he stumbled and nearly fell down the sharp edge of the hill! Had if not being for his quick reflexes and the branch of a large oak tree to which he held onto for dear life, it would have been disastrous! The lanyard he always wore saved his binoculars. When he recovered his wits, he couldn't believe what he had seen! Elizabeth Benes was there! She was happily engaged in a playful game with Mr. Coldán's children. He noticed something else that astounded him. The little girl she was holding had such a remarkable resemblance to herself! They had to be relatives and she was vacationing on their island. Elizabeth was related to the Coldáns, what a coincidence! The next couple of minutes were occupied in a little guilty pleasure of admiring the light and pleasing figure of the woman of his dreams. She was wearing a simple floral sports bra bikini swimsuit which showed off her perfectly toned and seductive body. Her long, shapely legs... It was too much for him, he sheepishly decided to return to the cottage at once. His poor nerves were torn to pieces. 'She's so out of this world stunningly gorgeous! And seems to be glowing with happiness, so full of life! The way she's playing with the little Coldán girl, how would it be if that girl was ours? We would be so happy... Cut it out, you senseless fool! You're deluding yourself with vain hopes and wishes! I better leave this place.' •••••••••• On his way to the cottage, he was daydreaming of a casual encounter with Elizabeth on the island. She had been thrilled to see him, she ran into his open arms, he removed her sunglasses to look into her striking dark eyes... his castles in the air were instantly shattered by the faint laughter of a woman. He curiously turned to the direction of the sound. A few seconds later, the laughter turned to screams and he immediately took off running, arriving at the beach of a nearby cottage. He recognized in the pier the same yacht he had passed last night, the Jessica. To his sheer horror, he saw someone nearly drowning on the side of the ship. He hastily removed his binoculars and his backpack and jumped into the cool water, swimming as fast as humanly possible. When he reached the side of the yacht, he found a young woman struggling to stay afloat; her hands were tangled in some ropes. Fortunately, she had just fallen and hadn't swallowed too much water but was getting tired and about to give up on her effort to keep her head above water. He quickly lifted her and brought her to the lower deck placing her softly on one of the chairs. As gently as he could, he untangled the ropes. After he made sure she was fine, he went to the engine room where the still panicky lady told him her husband was doing some maintenance work. Reynaldo almost had a heart attack when he saw Darcy's face and once again when he was told about Jessica's accident. He ran to her with urgency, forcing himself to suppress his extreme distress and agitation. As a certified EMT, Emergency Medical Technician, he did a preliminary check for near drowning symptoms: her skin was clear, no abnormal abdominal swelling, no chest pain, no coughing, her pulse was a little high but it was coming down as she calmed herself, she vomited only a little water, no shortness of breath apart from her expected fatigue which was also improving nicely, she was alert and responsive. Thank God! Thank God! Thank God! After a few long minutes, he calmed down only when he was one hundred percent convinced she was fine. Reynaldo gave Darcy a big hug; he had tears in his eyes. "You have no idea how grateful I am that you happened to pass by and of your quick reaction to save the life not only of my wife but also of my child to be. I will forever be grateful to you! Please, I will do anything you want to show you my appreciation." "Don't worry about it, my friend. I just happened to be in the right place at just the right time. My only reward is the good news that she's alright." While grinning, he continued, "Please don't let your wife work with the ropes anymore!" They had a wholehearted but nervous laugh. Darcy remained with them for a while longer, accepting a towel and some refreshments before returning to his cottage. He refused to reveal his name to the grateful couple who wanted to repay him somehow. He insisted it had been an act of divine intervention; he had only been a mere instrument. Reynaldo was feeling so guilty for not been there for Jessica! From that moment on he didn't let her out of his sight a single second. It was time for big changes. •••••••••• An hour later, Darcy was eating a quick snack when he was interrupted by a knock on the door. He thought that his neighbors had come to visit him, but he was surprised to find a smiling Robbie looking at him through his sunglasses. "Hello William, how are you? Small world, isn't it? Are you enjoying your vacation?" "Yes, thank you, how did you know I was here? This is supposed to be a private key where the names of the guests are not meant to be shared. Even if your presence is not unwelcomed, I'd hate to consider that someone has breached our confidentiality agreement." Robbie replied, "No one knows I'm here with the exception of the couple you just met, and even they don't know who you are. My uncle, Mr. Coldán, doesn't know I'm here either. Neither he nor anyone else of his staff shared your name with me. He probably doesn't know we're acquainted. This morning when Lizzy was at our private beach with my cousins, I was on the back porch of my uncle's home when I spied someone on the highest peak on the key. I spotted you a little before your almost fatal accident when you stumbled across Lizzy, so I know you were as surprised to see her as I was to recognize you. This is all just a happy coincidence, or perhaps, as you wisely told our friends, an act of divine providence? Let's look at it this way, had you fallen, it would've been not one, but two horrible tragedies, three with the baby. Had you not seen Lizzy in that exact moment, you may have remained in the hill for a longer time, and then you wouldn't have passed by our friend's cottage when you did, and ultimately, you wouldn't have been able to save our friend. So we could say it was all a miracle. I just came from our friend's boat. She seems perfectly fine but he's taking her to Mariners Hospital as a precaution. You're quite a hero, William!" Darcy tensed up when Robbie mentioned the part about him watching Elizabeth, but relaxed when he didn't say anything about him lingering a little too long... He was then abashed, "As you eloquently explained, it was nothing but a fortunate chain of chance events. I'm pleased to know she's okay and I can understand why he's taking her to the hospital." "Yes," Robbie responded, "she didn't want to go and he called me to help convince her. I have to stress this, the expeditious way you reacted was extraordinary! I saw your footsteps on the sand. From the location on the beach where you first jumped into the water, to the place by the boat where she had fallen, it was at least fifty meters, the length of an Olympic pool! Your swimming prowess was huge! Not only did you save her from drowning, but thanks to your quick reaction and herculean exertion, I'm positive she, and the baby, won't suffer any lasting damage. Face it, my friend, today you were Superman!" They exchanged more pleasantries. After a few moments of silence, Robbie looked out the window of the cabin, appreciating the pleasant view of the beach. When he saw Darcy's boat he beamed in surprise. "Nice boat you have there. I believe we saw you last night when we had crossed Snake Creek. You even waved at Lizzy. Do you want to know something interesting? She recognized you but couldn't believe her eyes. Our friend told me Lizzy offered a prayer... No... She offered two prayers, for your safe travels because she was worried about the 'lone sailor' navigating the Bay that time of night. I don't know why she would offer the second one, can you guess why?" Darcy was astonished, "Believe me; I didn't realize it was her. Had I known, I wouldn't have come here, although, I wouldn't have known where she was headed to." Robbie replied, "For obvious reasons, I'm very happy to learn it all turned out the way it did." "Me too." •••••••••• "Say, William, about yesterday at the wedding, I still feel so guilty for having missed the offenses hurled at my sister. When I realized what was going on, she was singing this rather unconventional song, which took me by surprise. And then she dashed off to her car like a mad woman. When we were outside, the instant the Rosings gates closed, she began to cry so hard for such a long time that I began to be concerned. To my relief, she fell asleep from exhaustion. She woke up in the boat a couple of hours before she waved at you. Then, after being in company with one of her best friends from high school, the lady you rescued today, she has regained some of her liveliness. And now that she's with our little cousins, especially her charming twin cousin, for the first time in years, she's in seventh heaven. In less than a day they've become inseparable! We wouldn't want to interfere in her happiness at present if you know what I mean." Darcy cringed with mortification; he had to sit on a chair. He took some time to regain his composure. "I understand completely. You don't have to worry; I won't try to approach her. I saw how happy she was; my presence would only stress her out. I'm leaving in the morning. I can assure you, I won't seek her out in any way." "William, can you tell me what happened at the Rosings chapel to produce such a strong reaction from Lizzy? I know your aunt is not a nice person, but until that moment, I thought Lizzy was more than capable of enduring the lady's abuses. I foolishly underestimated my sister's enemies." Darcy was feeling apprehensive with Robbie's presence that afternoon. First of all, it was the fact of him being there in his cottage. Although the explanation he gave seemed reasonably enough. Robbie could have seen him; the same way he saw Elizabeth. So, they were related to the Coldáns. What did he know of them? Unfortunately, not much besides their short conversations when he used to be a guest of Coldán Key B&B so long ago or when he encountered the family in common grounds around the key on his recent trips. Who knows, he probably met Elizabeth on this key when she was very young. He barely remembered one summer, there was this boy, three or four years younger than himself, and his annoying little sister. They were related to Mr. Coldán's wife. That was such a long time ago and back then he was this proud immature adolescent who was unwilling to associate with other children apart from his immediate family and a few select friends. His parents were the ones who knew Mr. Coldán and his wife. Richard as well, he would have to ask his cousin next time about the connection. Darcy also recalled the attraction his sister seemed to have developed for Robbie. He noticed her act of disobedience against their aunt when she went to Robbie's side. It was odd that Robbie had missed the exchanges between Elizabeth and his aunt. Even if some of the most hurtful insults were uttered in a low voice, Lizzy's responses were loud enough to be heard by Robbie. Why didn't he react then? Had he been so distracted by Georgie...? It was better not to speculate, he had been burned so many times before with Elizabeth and her family. There was no harm done to his sister except for a minor disappointment. Robbie's sister, on the other hand, suffered... He decided to be honest with Robbie. At least they both had something in common, Elizabeth's happiness. "I'm ashamed to say that I was the main cause of your sister's unhappiness. My aunt humiliated her in the worst possible way and Elizabeth looked at me, expecting me to defend her, but I hesitated. I was very tense; I was trying very hard but failing to organize my thoughts in a coherent order. I didn't want to say the wrong thing to let Elizabeth down. I choked!" By this point in his narration, Darcy was trembling and had a few tears in his eyes. "It's ironic that you just called me Superman. In that case, Elizabeth seems to be my kryptonite! She made me doubt myself. Finally, after she left, I regained my mental capacity and then I fought hard for her, the way she deserves! She would have been so proud of me!" Darcy proceeded to update Robbie on what had happened at the chapel after they left. Robbie was pleased to know of the happy outcomes for his friends. But he was still wary about the gentleman in front of him. "You are a good man William. I would wish that the relationship between you and my sister had been smoother. I'm going to be honest with you, my original intention for coming here was to ask you... no, to demand of you, to leave my sister alone. But then you had to become such a great hero to my friends and after what you've just told me, I can't do that anymore. I like you a lot, I know you genuinely care for Lizzy. It would please me greatly to have you as my brother-in-law. You would be good for her. If I can help your cause in any way, believe me, I will. But I won't impose on her. At this moment she's in a fragile state. She needs some space and time, only time will tell. But even if you two don't end up together, you have to consider the positive aspects of your relationship and of your interactions. First and foremost is what you've done for my sister." Robbie paused, trying to order his thoughts. He stood up; looked out the window again, took a deep breath and continued. "Even though she's such an exceptional girl, all her life Lizzy had been rather naive; she only had experienced the rosy side of life. She had been so sheltered and pampered by her family that her interactions with you have served as an eye-opener for her that not all is perfect and fine and flawless. Like it or not, you've helped strengthen her character; she has learned important lessons which will be of great value for her in the future. As for you, my friend, you've been properly humbled by a girl whom, at the beginning of your acquaintance, you thought was of insignificant worth to you. I know you've become a better person because of her. My father and I are very, super, extremely, protective of Lizzy. So I'm going to confide something to you. We are so protective that in the past we have interfered with one or other of her admirers and even with some friends, whom we had deemed weren't good enough for her or didn't have the best intentions. With you though, we stepped back and allowed you free rein with her. Believe me, there were times when I wanted to get in the way, but my father's wise counsel allowed me to refrain from interfering until today. You probably know what I'm talking about. We've heard the stories about our supposed mercenary ways, that's a bunch of freaking nonsense! Lizzy's not searching and most definitely doesn't need a rich man in her life, she doesn't need anyone! But she would benefit with someone who would love her, respect her, and value her. That's what my father and I want for Lizzy. We thought you could have been that man. Who knows what the future has in store for both of you. If your destiny is to be together, it'll please me to no end. If not, I'll be satisfied knowing that Lizzy has grown leaps and bounds emotionally and in character. Forgive me, William, I think I've never given such a long speech in my life. I've told you things I've never told anyone. I just needed to get this off my chest." "Thank you, Robbie. I can understand. I won't reach out to her. I'll give her as much time as she needs, but I won't give up on my pursuit of her. She's too valuable to me! Somehow I'll have to find a way to redeem myself in her eyes. I won't rest until I do!" "I like your spirit my friend! As I said before, when the time comes, if I can help your cause, I'll be on your side. But remember, Lizzy is my main concern and only to her I owe all my allegiance." "I understand; I wouldn't expect less from you. I feel the same way about my sister." "Georgie! She's a great girl! We had so much fun! Give her my regards next time you talk to her. Well, I'm glad we had this conversation. Have a safe trip my friend." "You too Robbie, and thank you for everything." "Your welcome, Superman." Darcy chuckled, while Robbie smiled, put on his sunglasses and left the cottage. Darcy returned home in the morning with renewed determination, but not before fortuitously, beholding the object of his affections one more time. •••••••••• When Lizzy woke up that morning, she felt a familiar sensation. Isabel's tiny hand was on her neck and she was looking at her with those beautiful twinkling eyes, making Lizzy giddy with joy. After their walk and breakfast, they went on a horseback excursion around the island. As might be expected, Isabel rode with her twin cousin. They were on the island's public beach when they heard a fast running boat approaching from the north. Lizzy turned her head in curiosity while instinctively pulling the rein to stop the horse. She could read the name of the boat on the side of the hull, 'Arlene', that was so lucky! What were the odds? The stubbly pilot had a panama hat and large sunglasses. He waved and nodded to her with a big smile while quickly accelerating, disappearing in a flash. For a second she thought she could recognize his features. Could it have been? No... It was impossible. Besides, the name Arlene was irrelevant to him, wasn't it? He couldn't have such good taste in names! It was definitely the effect of the morning Florida sun and the exertion of the ride. She rolled her eyes thinking of her mother, and kicked the horse into a full gallop to Isabel's great diversion. When they returned, it was time for lunch and for the first time since Friday night, Jessica and Reynaldo joined them. "So Lizzy," said Jessica, "I can see you've been having lots of fun with your family! You two really look like twins! It's so sad we have to leave soon. But I think after this week you're likely to return more often." "Yes I will, they'll be so tired of seeing me they'll have to cast me away from this magical island!" To Lizzy's happiness, she learned that Jessica had been invited to remain in the main house for the duration of their stay. The reason why wasn't shared with her until the return trip. The rest of the week was so fascinating to Lizzy it became just a blur. There were more romps in the beach, camping trips, hikes, campfires, outdoor and indoor games, turtle sighting expeditions, and long conversations with Jessica and her family. Aunt Trish had to keep Isabel away from Lizzy a few nights out of concern for the special bond the two cousins had created, which had to be broken soon. Lizzy had been impressed with her aunt and uncle's efficient and modernized homeschooling methods. Her male cousins were academically advanced for their age group. Even Isabel, at only three, had already acquired the skills of a preschooler. Uncle Mino had the innate ability to use his special sense of humor to not only amuse and entertain his listeners but also to teach them important subjects or life lessons as well. •••••••••• One night after dinner, Aunt Trish proposed a music night. Mino Junior and Javi played the guitar while Andy took up the drums. They were accompanied by Aunt Trish at the piano and Aunt Mino, an excellent singer, at the microphone with Isabel. They had a lot of fun playing all kinds of children's songs while Lizzy, Robbie, Jessica and Rey danced in amusement. After they were tired, Aunt Trish had a special request. She asked Lizzy to play a certain composition in the piano for them. But Lizzy politely refused. "I'm sorry Aunt, I know how much you like it, but I don't feel like playing that song, it would bring about too many sad memories. I know you wouldn't want to see me lose it in front of all these people." She said it in jest, but Aunt Trish understood the hidden meaning behind her niece's playful words. "By all means no, dear, you don't even have to play anything, we can continue playing after a short rest. You can dance with Isabel, maybe she can show you a move or two!" "Can I play another piece which I'm confident you'll love? This one is from Chopin, one of his etudes, or studies, Opus 25 Number 11. It's often referred to as 'Winter Wind', although I think it should've been called 'Raging Blizzard', ha! It's not very long, but it's so explosive! And insanely difficult! I've been learning and practicing and playing this almost non-stop for the last few months as a diversion to help me with my studies. Jane and Charlotte were going crazy listening to my poor attempts every night! Especially at first when I was learning it. Would you like to hear it?" Everyone yelled in unison, "Yes!" When she sat at the piano, Isabel wanted to sit next to her but Lizzy laughingly told her it wasn't possible because she was about to produce a tornado, so Robbie held a now scared Isabel. Lizzy removed her ponytail, shook her head to let her soft dark curls loose over her back and shoulders. She lifted her hands over the piano, and stood still for a couple of seconds in total concentration. Then she began to play. The opening notes introduced a simple, slow melody executed in the left and middle side of the keyboard. After those few notes, she moved her right hand all the way to the right, and the succeeding explosion of notes left everyone transfixed! Isabel, who was on Robbie's shoulders, was looking at Lizzy with renewed admiration. Lizzy was lost in her performance. With her fingers flying over the keys, she would quickly jump from side to side sweeping the keyboard. The intense look on her eyes together with the vigorous and sometimes sharp movements of her body, from her head, to her shoulders, to her torso, added an additional dimension to the boisterous flow of soaring arpeggios and fierce chromatic scales coming from the right hand, complementing admirably with the inspiring melody produced by the left hand. At times she would just lose herself looking into nothingness while to the audience it seemed they were in heaven attending to that glorious performance. Way too soon for all, she ended the piece with a rapid scale in both hands and in a fluid movement she lifted them sideways from the keys resting them on her side. When she stopped, everyone applauded enthusiastically. They entreated her to play more but she claimed that playing that song would always leave her exhausted. She placed Isabel on her lap and began to play and sing children tunes with her. •••••••••• The dreaded last day was upon them. Early that morning, Lizzy and Isabel went for their usual morning walk. On that occasion, Lizzy was finally able to complete the nighttime story she had begun so many times, before Isabel would always fall asleep. Later on, the whole family engaged in a multi-sport competition devised by the Coldán boys. After lunch, they said their farewells. It was funny, yet sad at the same time, to witness the goodbyes between the twin cousins. "Are you going to miss me, my Isabella?" "I already miss you, my Lizella!" "I'll be seeing you soon." "Not soon enough!" "Oh, I can't take it anymore! You're being too cute! Hug me really tight!" After many hugs and kisses and more laughs and tears, and many supplications from both sides to find a way to remain together, they reluctantly unglued from each other, allowing Lizzy to go to the boat for the return home. Once again, Lizzy and Jessica had a pleasing conversation on the flybridge deck, the trip seemed to go a bit faster the second time around. Without mentioning names, which was strictly prohibited on the island, she didn't know his name anyway, Jessica told Lizzy the story of her near drowning. "I was actively working untangling some ropes, I was too distracted to notice I had moved too close to the edge of the boat when I tripped and fell overboard. As I was falling I was laughing to myself for my clumsiness, but when I hit the water, I realized my hands had somehow become woven together with the rope and I was struggling to stay afloat. I began to yell for Rey, but he was in the engine room and the noise wouldn't let him hear me. Providentially, a gentleman who was occupying a neighboring cottage was passing by at the exact moment when I was falling. When he heard my screams, he came running, jumped in the water and rescued me before I had swallowed too much water. I've never been so afraid in my entire life!" She told him about Rey's ministrations afterward and about the clean bill of health she received at the hospital. Lizzy was very concerned and was very grateful for the unknown gentleman who had saved her friend. Enough time had passed for Jessica to be at ease with her traumatic experience, and now she felt playful. When her rescuer left them, he nodded and in that moment Jessica recognized him as the same lone sailor from that night, who had disturbed Lizzy so profoundly. Robbie had asked her not to disclose that fact to Lizzy at this time. So, she decided to be both vague and naughty with her dear friend. In spite of his apparent misdeeds, she hoped that someday soon Lizzy would forgive him and would make him as happy as he deserved to be. So, with a dreamy look, she began to extol the virtues of her savior. "My knight in shining armor was an Adonis, he was tall, had the most gorgeous set of brown eyes, an endearing smile, a soft but deep baritone voice, he had wet dark hair locks playing on his forehead, his well-proportioned muscles and fabulous six-pack abs were so well defined under his wet t-shirt..." For a few seconds, Lizzy was lost in a vision of... him... She bit her lips to relieve the tension she was feeling, and promptly interrupted her friend. "Cut it out, Jessica! You're a happily married woman and besides, you're making me envious of your ordeal. Not all, of course, just the rescue part. Ha-ha! I'm so happy you can look back at this with your usual sense of humor. You make me laugh!" Jessica was a very smart young lady who had interrupted her studies to follow Rey's dream; the sacrifice wasn't felt too strongly because she also loved what they were doing. Now that she was going to have a baby and the business was flourishing, and especially after her near tragedy, they were making some changes. From now on, Jessica would mostly remain at home, while Rey was bringing his sister who had been pleading for the longest time to work with them. After the baby's birth, Jessica was going to college to obtain her degree to become an accountant and a CPA, which was her dream. Needless to say, Trish and Mino Coldán were the experienced, wise, and trusted advisers of Jessica and Rey Morres. On the trip back to DC, Lizzy was reflecting on all the events which had transpired since she had left for spring break. So much had happened in those brief two weeks! She tried to focus mainly on the happy moments and overlook the sad ones. It was no use crying over spilt milk. With that positive frame of mind and thinking of her dear Isabel, she arrived at the apartment that same night. When she opened the door, Jane, Charles, and Kitty welcomed her with an anxious expression on their faces.
A/N: The Lizzy saga continues. This may seem like a filler chapter, but it's important as it sets the tone for the subsequent chapters. Yes, they're coming… one of these days… I promise. Ha! I hope you like it. Here it goes. •••••••••• Chapter 29 - The Twenty Second Annual Elizabeth Benes Birthday Bash Lizzy's cheerful demeanor upon entering the apartment confused her friends. They were expecting to see a gloomier and more despondent version of herself. Before they had the opportunity to assimilate so much unexpected happiness, Lizzy had more surprises up her sleeve. She dropped her bags, gave each one a warm hug, and broke in rapturous exclamations. "Jane! Charles! Kitty! I'm so happy to see you; I have so much to tell you! But first thing first! I have a confession to make. I'm in love! And I miss her so much already! I met her on Friday for the second time in my life and fell in love almost from the moment I laid eyes on her bewitching face! We spent the whole week glued to each other. We slept together almost every night. I have a ton of pictures of my cutie-pie, you have to see her! She's so adorable! You'll have to wait, though, 'cause I'm going to my room without delay. I promised I'd video chat with her as soon as I arrived at the apartment. I'll see you in a little bit." As soon as Lizzy closed her bedroom door, a visibly embarrassed Charles decided to make a hurried retreat. "Well, love, and Kitty, I understand you have a lot to talk with Lizzy, I better leave before she returns to show us her new girlfriend!" "Oh, no, my dear Mr. Bingley, stay where you are! You're not going to leave us all alone with this new complication. Lizzy seems to be in a state of denial, or maybe it's a defense reaction. Besides, if this is true, she'll need all the support we can give her. After everything she did for you, for us, are you going to abandon her now?" "But love, I don't think I'm prepared to handle this ... development. Poor Will, he'll be devastated! He can compete against anyone, except another woman. I don't think he would want to anyway. This represents an insurmountable obstacle for his future happiness. How am I going to tell him that she found someone else, a lady? Did you know Lizzy was...? You know. I can't believe she could be so graphic, I'm still rattled!" Kitty, who in her seventeen years had witnessed far more scandalous performances, especially from her own mother and Lydia and their friends, was open-minded about her cousin's news. She decided to have some fun with the whole affair. "I've never seen Lizzy look so happy. She was virtually walking on air! I'm dying to meet the lady who has captured my cousin's heart so quickly and convincingly! She must be something!" Jane was aghast, "Kitty please, no jokes! There's no humor here. I know, this is just one big misunderstanding." Both Kitty and Charles laughed. "Somehow we knew you were going to say that, love. Lizzy was very specific though. She clearly stated that she met the love of her life, a lady; they even slept together many times! Ugh, why did I remember that?" "Oh, don't mention it again!" Replied a distressed Jane, "It's impossible! Lizzy's madly in love with Will. We all witnessed their behavior at the Chapel before the disaster unfolded. They were openly exchanging infatuated looks with each other. We all saw it! What about their escapade the night before and their hush-hush encounter at Rosings in the morning witnessed by both Richard and Anne? How could she transfer her devotion elsewhere so quickly? Especially to a woman, that's so unlike Lizzy in some many levels! You can't leave my darling boyfriend. We have to face this problem as one. We owe it to her. No matter what happens, she's our good friend and this new revelation won't change the way we feel about her. Even if this destroys Will's chances with Lizzy, we have to be there to help both of our friends." •••••••••• They sat in the living room in an uncomfortable silence for what felt like an eternity. Ten minutes later, when Lizzy returned with tears in her eyes, the stress level of the room increased. "Sorry, it's just that I already miss my sweetie-pie. I have good news! She's coming for my graduation and then you'll get to meet her. Remember this, I'm warning you all! She's mine! Only mine! I'm not sharing her with anyone! Especially with you, Jane!" Jane turned red with embarrassment. At this stage the three friends were past worry; they were really concerned about Lizzy. She had become an object of pity for Charles, 'Why would she suspect my Jane would want to be with her girlfriend? She must be hallucinating. Hopefully with therapy she'll overcome this setback. We'll have to get her the best psychiatrist we can find. I won't let her down!' Jane's thoughts weren't so dissimilar from her fiancé's. 'Poor Lizzy! Why would she think I could even remotely do something so out of character? I think all the stress has finally gotten to her. How can I help her overcome this fixation? I now wonder if her new love is real!' In all honesty, only two of her friends were worried. Kitty was amused. 'I'm hurt! Why didn't Lizzy warn me to stay away from her lady love? She doesn't think I'm capable of stealing her woman? Ha-ha! She must be smoking hot, a perfect ten, for my crazy cousin to be so possessive! I can't wait to meet her! This is so entertaining. Lydia doesn't know what she's missing. Ha-ha!' Lizzy, joyously oblivious to the silent chaos she had generated, connected her tablet to the big screen television in the living room using a USB cable. "Robbie can take credit for the majority of the photos I'm going to show you. I wasn't aware he had taken some of these. Imagine my surprise when he showed them to me on the plane coming home, especially the ones with my sweetie." The first photo showed Lizzy with her arm on the shoulder of a woman a few inches shorter than her. Both smiling ladies were dressed in t-shirts, shorts and flip-flops. They seemed to be around the same age. The lovely girl next to Lizzy was stunning! She had a perfectly tanned olive skin, dark auburn straight hair reaching nearly to her waist, a pair of expressive dark brown eyes, a cute nose, full lips, and shapely arms and legs. Her slightly protruded belly was hidden behind a loose worn t-shirt. When he saw the happy couple, Charles couldn't restrain any longer the agitation he was trying hard to keep down (or perhaps Charles Bingley suffered from an uncontrollable proclivity for nosiness?). He immediately blurted out, "She's real! She does exist! Is that her, Lizzy?" Jane wanted to die of mortification while Kitty grinned from ear to ear. Lizzy gave Charles a questioning look. "What? Of course she's real! What do you mean? She's what?" "Your sweetie-pie Lizzy! The love of your life! Is that your new girlfriend?" "The love of my life? My new girlfriend…?" Lizzy paused for a few seconds trying to comprehend what Charles was about. He was looking at her with curiosity... or was it anguish? Jane's eyes were averted; her face and neck were red as a tomato. Kitty seemed to be carrying out a critical assessment of the girl on the photo. Then, when realization dawned on her, she cracked up laughing. When her laughter turned into guffaws, she had to hold her stomach. The others just remained seated, flabbergasted. When she calmed down, she wiped the fresh tears she had in her eyes from so much laughing. "I'm so sorry guys, I was so happy thinking of my love that I didn't even think of what I was saying. Now I understand the look in your faces!" She changed her expression as if she was giving a serious consideration to her lady friend. "No Charles, you're mistaken. This sexy lady is definitely not the love of my life. My girlfriend is way hotter than her!" She paused to enjoy Charles' discomfort. She then studied the girl a little bit more and then added with a grin, "Although this babe is not so bad herself. Just wait a few minutes until you see my sweetie-pie, you'll totally agree with me! In the meantime, please be patient. This is Jessica Morres, an old friend from Puerto Rico. We've known each other since grade school. By the way, she's pregnant, and sorry Charles, the baby's not mine!" After a new bout of laughter, she switched to the next picture. "This handsome man with Robbie is Reynaldo Morres, better known as Capitán Rey, the best seaman ever! He's Jessica's husband and yes Charles; he is the father of the baby. Ha-ha! The previous Friday they took us in their impressive yacht to visit my Aunt and Uncle's own tiny island, a key located inside the Florida Bay. Kitty knows them, Trish and Mino Coldán. Aunt Trish is my father's only sibling." Lizzy kept narrating as she was switching the photos showing the yacht, the Florida coastline, a spectacular view of the city of Miami from the ocean, the dolphins doing pirouettes, and the stunts of the friendly humpback whale friends. The tension was mounting in the room and Lizzy was enjoying every minute of it, purposely delaying the moment they were waiting for. •••••••••• At last, it was time for the long anticipated, yet highly dreaded, photo. Lizzy paused for effect. Using her best public announcer voice, she began, "And now, ladies and gentleman, I give you, the one and only, the love of my life! My sexy girlfriend! Drum rolls please, ta-ra-ta-ta!" The next photo showed a close-up portrait of a little girl with eyes so sparkling they seemed to shine like brilliant points of light. She had long dark soft curly hair, rosy cheeks, and the most endearing smile. "Lizzy!" Jane cried out in triumph, reassured by her superior knowledge of her friend. "Are you pulling our legs? That gorgeous child looks just like you! Is that an old picture of you?" "This precious girl is my three-year-old twin cousin, as she declared as soon as she saw me. Her name is Isabel Coldán. The first time I met her, she was a tiny baby. The second time, which was last Friday, I fell in love with her at first sight, or I should say, at first hearing, because the moment I listened to her bewitching voice, I fell head over heels over her. She's the cleverest, wittiest, most fetching creature I've ever seen. And yes, I felt as if I was seeing myself as a toddler. I spent an awesome week with my family, especially with my cousin Isabel. Many times when I woke up, she had her little bitty hand on my neck while looking at me with those twinkling little eyes which melt my insides. She stayed in my room almost every night, so technically we slept together many times, the shame of it all!" She grinned at a visibly uncomfortable Charles. "I'm proud to say that I told my first bedtime story, although she fell asleep every night before I had the chance to finish it." Lizzy could feel the tense atmosphere in the room evaporate. She rolled her eyes and gave them her best mischievous smile. More photos followed, of Lizzy, Robbie, Jessica, Rey and the Coldáns, especially her cousins, Isabel in Lizzy's arms, on the beach playing with all the cousins, Lizzy holding Isabel above the waves, hiking with everyone, Isabel entrenched on Lizzy's shoulders, on a campfire sitting on Lizzy's lap, holding Lizzy's hand while watching a nesting turtle, riding a horse together on the beach, playing the piano on Lizzy's lap, and finally both asleep with Isabel lying behind Lizzy, her tiny hand resting on Lizzy's neck. "This picture made me cry in the plane, Robbie's so slick!" They all paused to gather their thoughts. Jane was the first one to come out of her reflection. "Well Lizzy, I understand one hundred percent why you fell in love because your charming cousin is so adorable! Are you sure you're not her mother? You look so much alike!" "I wish I was, and then I'd have her all to myself. I miss my mom so much." Lizzy became somber, a tear escaped her eyes. "Oh Lizzy, no, I didn't mean to make you cry! I feel terrible, please, please! Let's talk about your gorgeous cousin. I want to meet her so bad! I'll fight you for her! Do you remember our fierce battles for the attention of baby Yasmin in Florida?" "Don't worry Jane, I'm fine. You just made me think of my mom. What a big sacrifice she had to make to keep me away during those weeks when she was in pain, just so that I could pass my exams. Considering how much I already miss Isabel, I just met her and she's only my cousin; I can't even begin to imagine the agony my mom would've been experiencing those final months when we were so far apart from each other, especially in her heart. My short acquaintance with Isabel has allowed me to understand a little better the profound love my mom had for me. I'll make an effort to cherish all the good times I had with her... Enough of that! No more sadness! Now, let's go back to Isabel, you have to watch this video I made of my delightful twin cousin. It's uncanny for a girl as young as her to act so mature! She's so precociously cute!" Lizzy showed them more videos and photos of her vacation. The room became happy and animated. When Lizzy was done, she inquired after them. •••••••••• "Kitty, I'm very pleased to have you here. You made the right decision in order to secure your future. Dad already told me about the arrangements for your return to your old school, which you already did last week. I imagine you're settled comfortably in Charlotte's old room. Dear Charlotte, I hope she has a good life. She knows if she wants to return home, we'll receive her with open arms, no questions asked!" Kitty laughed at her cousin's clueless remark. "Lizzy, there's something you don't know. I don't think Charlotte will ever want to live here again. She's awesomely, humongously happy with her new husband. There's so much we need to tell you about what happened after you left the chapel that Friday! Can we begin now? Please Lizzy?" Her three friends waited for her reaction with apprehension. A tense silence fell on the room once again. Lizzy took a calming breath in an effort to restore her self-control after the agitation induced by Kitty's words. She finally responded. "Ok, here's the deal. I want you to tell me all about Charlotte because she is my dear friend and her happiness is of outmost importance to me. So please enlighten me, I'm deeply curious. But!" she made a dramatic pause to look at each of them. "But! I don't want to hear a single word about anyone else or anything else from that place or that day! If you're my friends, I expect you to accept my wishes. Otherwise we'll have some serious trouble!" Kitty thought she was excluded because she was family. Besides, she knew Lizzy was going to be overjoyed with the report they had for her. "You don't understand. This is great news! Wait until you hear..." "Kitty!" Lizzy stood up raising her voice in anger, "I said I don't want to hear anything about anybody except for Charlotte! If you can't please me, I'll go to my room right now and stay there!" Jane interrupted the cousins in a conciliatory manner. She gave Kitty a warning look. "Yes Lizzy, as you wish, we won't mention anyone else but Charlotte and her new husband. Is that agreeable to you?" Lizzy calmed down and responded in the affirmative. Dear Jane always had a comforting effect on Lizzy. "I'm sorry Kitty, for yelling at you. Please, please understand, I want to forget all about that day. I don't want to revisit any of it, not today or tomorrow or any other day! Now, I'm very curious to learn how Charlotte is very happy with Wilfred Collins. Did he change his personality all of a sudden? Is he a sensible and clever man now? If that's the case, it's all due to Charlotte's influence. Good for her! Although," she smiled, "I'll have to see it to believe it." Charles, who had been in a subdued mood after his precipitous exclamation earlier on which has caused him so much chagrin, decided it was time to join in the conversation. "Well Lizzy, your awesome but odd choice of a song at Rosings Chapel had a fascinating effect in Charlotte and in someone else there. I'll summarize by giving you the great news that Charlotte did not, I repeat, Charlotte did not, marry Wilfred Collins. She's now the very satisfied and absolutely grateful wife of Colonel Richard Fitzwilliam. And they owe it all to you!" "I can't believe it! Jane, is that true?" Jane assented with a smile and Lizzy continued, "Wow! What amazing news! I'm so happy! He did it, the romantic rascal! Yes! Where's she now? When can I see her? I want to congratulate her, and him! Wait, of course, they must be in their honeymoon!" She danced with the three of them. "Yes! Yes! Yes! I'm elated! Oh God, am I dreaming?" She pinched herself, giggling like a little girl. Her friends were amused at her playful antics. "You must think I'm going crazy! Maybe I am! Who knows? I'm making no excuses; these last few days have been some of the happiest in my life. First, I was reunited with a dear friend from my childhood in Puerto Rico. Second, I spent an idyllic week in a pristine island with my family and my sweetheart Isabel. And third, I find out that Charlotte married Richard. This is super-duper fabulous! We have to celebrate in style!" •••••••••• She went to the kitchen and brought back a pralines ice cream tub, four cups and spoons. "This is the usual way Charlotte and I used to celebrate important events or comfort each other in disappointment. Tonight we're going to remember her by doing the same. So, let's dig in!" Kitty felt giddy with happiness. "Lizzy, are you sure you don't want to know what happened after you left… AAGHH!" She couldn't continue talking because Lizzy stuffed a spoon full of ice cream down her mouth. "Kitty, listen to me. I won't repeat myself. I don't care about anyone except for Charlotte and now Richard, and of course, Louisa, James and the baby to come. Absolutely no one else! I'm putting all that experience and all those people behind me! I have to put up with this place for two more months, and then I'll leave never to return! My friends will have to visit me at whatever place I'll end up living, very far from here. Kitty, this is very serious, you have to respect my wishes. Promise me you're going to stop!" A much subdued Kitty now responded, "I'm sorry Lizzy, I promise." Lizzy was satisfied. "Good, we don't have to talk about it anymore. So, how about our loving couple here? Have you set a date already?" From that moment on the night proceeded in an upbeat mood with Jane and Charles updating Lizzy on their plans for a July wedding at Netherfield Park in North Carolina. "Lizzy, you'll be my maid of honor, and you'll sing for us in church, a more appropriate song, of course. Ha! First and foremost, young lady, you'll remain in my wedding until the end if I have to chain you to the altar myself!" Lizzy cringed at the possibility, no, at the certainty, of being in company with a certain someone. Although, she had four months to recover her spirits. By then enough time would have passed that they would be able to meet only as common and indifferent acquaintances. At least she hoped so. Besides, it would only be one night. She was sure she could endure it. "I'll be honored! I promise I'll remain throughout the whole wedding. Remember this, my friend will be the one to accessorize and dress you up. I'll arrange for her to come to Netherfield, so we'll have to find a couple of private rooms just for us. Make sure you let your mom know ahead of time, she'll be an important member of our party. Your other bridesmaids will be invited as well. I can't even begin to imagine what my friend will do with you since you're already picture perfect!" "Oh Lizzy, thank you, thank you, thank you! I'll be on cloud nine! It's too much, by far too much! I don't deserve it. I'm so excited! Mom will be thrilled to bits! And my sisters! I don't know what to say! Can't wait for my wedding!" Charles looked at Jane with alarm. "Love, are you looking forward to be married to me or to be all gussied up by Lizzy's amazing dressmaker friend? Should I be jealous of her?" Jane responded in an amorous manner. "My sweet darling, it's a ladies thing, you're not expected to understand or to be jealous of anyone. Nothing will make me happier than to be your wife!" "Oh, baby, come here..." "Lizzy," Kitty protested, "let's take our ice cream to the family-friendly living room and leave these two lovebirds here. Their mushy-gushiness is making me sick!" •••••••••• The next day Lizzy woke up at daybreak to go to the nearest fast food restaurant, where she ate a light breakfast. When she was done she ordered the fattest, greasiest bacon cheeseburger on the menu with all the trimmings, a side of chicken nuggets smeared with barbeque sauce, and the largest french fries. She then returned to Longbourn. On the way home, she had to open both the convertible top and the windows, almost to the point of freezing, just to let out the strong aromas emanating from the bag of goodies. As soon as she parked the car, she went on a hike on the Longbourn Complex woods. What a difference two rainy springtime weeks had brought to the footpaths leading down into her favorite wood site! There were shiny redbuds and cherry blossoms everywhere with white, pink, yellow, purple, and green blooms. A variety of unruly wildflowers lavishly adorned the full green foliage which had nearly obscured the trail she had painstakingly created. This stunning colorful display lessened the discomfort she felt from the drop in temperature she was experiencing compared to the Florida key, where her Isabel was probably waking up at that very moment. 'Perhaps she's missing me?' She almost lost her bearing searching for the place. It was there somewhere; she just had to walk a little farther than usual while negotiating the soggy terrain trying to keep her clothes as clean and dry as possible. She lost the battle; her hiking boots were soaked and her jeans were six inches deep in mud! Finally, after a long and arduous trek, she found it. She placed the bag on the floor, opening it to let the fatty aromas flow to her friends. She took a few steps back and waited. Typically, it would take Mrs. Confident a few minutes to emerge to claim her breakfast. Lizzy was eager to see the babies. Not this time, the indolent raccoon was taking forever. The clock kept ticking, Lizzy was getting impatient. 'I'll have to wake them up, the lazy rascals! ... Wait a minute..., what if she doesn't remember me or goes berserk for my intrusion? What if she feels I'm threatening her babies and attacks me? I better wait.' Fifteen minutes later she ran out of patience. In another display of Lizzy's notorious recklessness, she went straight to the hole in the tree to wake them up. The chilling scene she encountered broke her heart. The nest was empty except for a few scattered fragments of the partially decomposed bodies of what appeared to be a pair of Mrs. Confidents' babies. Most probably a vicious coyote or a fox caught them unawares. 'So sad, so sad. I hope your other babies survived and are doing fine. Goodbye my friend, take care. I miss you already.' She was crestfallen. As she was retracing her steps, she noticed the disappearance of the bag of smelly goodies. For a brief instant, out of the corner of her eye, she espied a raccoon stealing through the bushes carrying its bounty. She kept walking towards the apartment, but now a hint of a smile was slowly reaching her glistening eyes. •••••••••• The following weeks found our heroes fully engaged in their respective pursuits. Lizzy almost lived in Georgetown University. When she wasn't in her regular classes, she would be at the Lauinger Library, or in study groups throughout the campus. In those moments when she just wanted to chill out, she would sit in her favorite table on the Hariri Building, basking in the glory of the sunlight streaming freely through the glass ceiling of the expansive atrium. Every Wednesday at noon she attended mass at the historic Dahlgren Chapel of the Sacred Heart. One Wednesday in late March, she made a bold move at church. She asked Father Oslovich if she could sing a song during mass in memory of her late mother's birthday. It was a perfect spring morning, cool and sunny. As a result, there were roughly about ten worshippers that day. Everyone else was outside, playing in the sun. The Father agreed with some initial hesitation, he then figured there would be no harm in allowing Lizzy to sing during mass. After all, she was one of his regulars. If she sang well, it would be a richly deserved treat for his most devoted parishioners. If the poor child embarrassed herself, the pain would be confined to the few people here whom he knew were outstanding fellows who would treat her with compassion and respect. Besides, the dear child wanted to honor the memory of her loving mom; no one could disagree with such a strong argument. Even though in their conversations and her confessions Lizzy would almost always avoid the mention of her mother, Father Oslovich knew how much she meant to her. During communion, after receiving the Eucharist, Lizzy went to the piano and began to play the intro of Franz Shubert's Ave Maria. After the last person sat and the Father was beginning the process of purification and clearing of the altar, she began to sing. Ave Maria Gratia plena Maria, gratia plena Maria, gratia plena The second she sang the first note, everyone, including Father Oslovich, stared at her in amazement. Ave, ave dominus Dominus tecum Benedicta tu in mulieribus Et benedictus Et benedictus fructus ventris Ventris tui, Jesus Ave Maria They remained frozen, enthralled by the lyrics and melodies originating from the performer with the astounding voice and angelic beauty. The deep feeling she was radiating elevated their spirits. Her enunciation of each word with a strong Latin accent added a layer of sublime purity to her amazing vocals. It was a truly heavenly experience which they wanted to last as much as possible. Ave Maria Mater Dei Ora pro nobis peccatoribus Ora, ora pro nobis Ora, ora pro nobis peccatoribus Nunc et in hora mortis In hora mortis nostrae In hora mortis, mortis nostrae In hora mortis nostrae Ave Maria By the end of the song she realized she had been crying. As soon as their engrossment in the music ceased, everyone, including the Father, broke down in a spontaneous applause. A red faced Lizzy stood, wiped the tears with her fingers, smiled while bowing timidly, and sat on her pew. Out of respect for Lizzy's feelings, a visibly affected priest concluded the Mass as best as he could without mentioning the extraordinary performance they had just witnessed. The following Wednesday, when Lizzy arrived at church, she was surprised to find it was packed solid! She also noticed some students pointing at her while nodding amongst themselves. During the homily, the priest expressed his satisfaction with the large gathering. "I know you're not here today because of my good looks, my charismatic personality, or my colorful and inspiring sermons. So with deep regret I'm going to disappoint you all. Our exceptional 'singing siren' will not be performing today, or any other day in the foreseeable future. Last week was a very special, and I should add, a very private occasion for her which won't be repeated for a long time, if ever, in our Chapel. The few of us who were blessed with the good fortune of appreciating her breathtaking performance can tell you all about the divine gift of song we received that day, and that's all you're getting today. The Holy Week is approaching fast. I expect you all to come visit us again for the right reason." Life went on for Lizzy. When she was at home she spent most of the time in her room studying, or working on school papers, or video chatting with her family. Jane was practically living at Charles' apartment. Every Friday night, unless Jane had an engagement with Charles, the three roommates spent quality time either at the movies or walking. Their favorite activity was playing mini golf and then going to the ice cream store. On Saturdays after her OWYP classes, she would usually go hiking, shopping, or visiting museums with Monica Carter, Mary Gardiner and Kitty. She was sad at the loss of Georgiana's friendship. Georgie was the person who shared more common interests with her. Lizzy was always on the move though, so there was no time for regrets. Once in a while she felt the urge to call her, especially when she found out about an upcoming classical music concert, or when she felt the itch to play a tennis match, or play some music, or when she discovered a song or a video by an artist they both loved. The likely probability of bumping into her brother kept Lizzy from having any contact with her. On most Sundays Lizzy would mysteriously disappear from early morning until late afternoon. When Jane and Kitty would question her, she would declare she was on a sensitive mission of a personal nature which she preferred to keep under wraps until she accomplished her goal. They wondered where Lizzy was going and what she was doing. •••••••••• Our hero was also involved in his own personal quest, although his wasn't so mysterious. As part of his effort to improve some areas of his life which he found lacking, his motivation was obvious, William Darcy decided it was time to take a more active role in some of his charities. He began with an institution which was very dear to him. The mission of the Pemberley Young Entrepreneurs Foundation was to inspire young adults to achieve success in the business world. This foundation provided funds for public schools around the world, to teach entrepreneurial skills to high school -and equivalent- children. It wasn't an entirely altruistic institution; there were some particular benefits for a very few selected grantees as well as for Darcy Enterprises. The flagship program of the foundation was the Young Entrepreneur Achievement Fellowship, YEAF. Each year, this program awarded full-ride scholarships to the university of their choice to eight outstanding high school seniors who had excelled in a challenge given by the Foundation. The challenge consisted in the identification of a need in their communities, the evaluation and selection of a practicable solution, the development of a business plan, and the initial implementation of the business to provide the necessary resources or services. Every year the foundation would bring the YEAF fellows for an award ceremony celebrated in the company's headquarters in Washington DC. Mr. Darcy would meet them in person while taking the customary PR photos and that was his entire personal participation in the whole program. The fellows then were invited to tour the headquarters and chat with the staff members who would act as their mentors. Finally, they were given all-expenses paid vacations with their families to visit the Capitol sites. This year Mr. Darcy changed some of the procedures. As was customary, he didn't participate directly in the selection of the winners. Once they were chosen, in an unprecedented move, he surprised everyone when he traveled with his COO to deliver the award letters in person to each of the new fellows in their respective schools. Two weeks later, each fellow arrived at headquarters to deliver a detailed presentation of their business idea, from inception to implementation, to Darcy and his senior staff. Darcy participated actively, providing suggestions, recommendations, and the contacts and resources needed for them to succeed in their businesses. The senior staff spent four days, half a day for each fellow. At the end of the week they were exhausted, but their level of satisfaction was in the roof. Also, the respect and admiration they felt for their CEO increased tremendously. Some of the staff had already noticed the marked improvement in his personal relations with them, but this was an entirely new ballgame. Darcy had voluntarily singled out eight virtual strangers making them feel not only valued but he treated each of them almost as friends. Their loyalty to their leader had never been so high. As stated above, there was an incidental benefit for the Company. Once in a while a staff member would recognize a candidate with excellent prospects. They would offer him or her, a contract to intern at Darcy Enterprises part-time while attending university, with the option of a full-time job offer upon graduation. This year the chosen candidate was a student from Atlanta, Georgia. William Darcy and Charles Bingley became the proud mentors of LaShonda Rosales, a computer whizz from Booker T. Washington High. LaShonda came up with the idea of creating a cross-platform mobile app to assist individuals in her community to satisfy all the voting requirements in her State. She figured the best way to resolve the problem of the ever-expanding voter regulations was to maintain the public informed, in real-time, of the changes in requirements, providing detailed steps of what they needed to do and the deadlines, in order to allow them to register to vote. LaShonda was a discerning individual. She understood what the main obstacle she was facing was. People still needed to download and use her app. So the more challenging part of the solution was to make the app simple, interesting, affordable and rewarding. She chose her main target audience, high school and college students. They would act as advocates for everyone else in their communities who, in turn, would help them achieve higher scores in the app. It wasn't an easy task, but the possibilities were unlimited and LaShonda was a go-getter! Will and Charles were very pleased with her enthusiasm. These activities, added to his normal responsibilities, kept Darcy so busy that he barely had time to reflect on his love problems. He thought of her all the time. There was nothing he could do about it though, so he was patiently waiting for her to come to him. And she did come to him, in a dramatic fashion. Unfortunately for us, this emotional encounter happened in a later chapter. •••••••••• It was now mid-April and Lizzy's birthday was approaching fast. She'd only seen Charlotte once since the wedding, because the newlyweds had been flying all over the world, first for their honeymoon and then for Richard's military duties overseas. The day she saw her, Lizzy was running late for a class and was only able to express her congratulations but no other conversation took place as Charlotte had left the same day for Europe. The next time she saw her was in the following manner. It was on a Saturday in mid-April when Lizzy had a class at Bell Multicultural High. For some reason she had been thinking of Charlotte all morning. As she was leaving the building for her car she took a moment to feel the cool Washington air on her face. This was going to be one of her final OWYP classes. As the end of the school year was approaching fast, she was feeling more and more a sense of loss because she knew she was going to miss her students so much. After class, she invited Monica and some other students to eat at their favorite sandwich shop, where she enjoyed her favorite sandwich with the delicious chimichurri sauce. When she returned to the apartment, on opening the door, a smiling Charlotte was there alone with her arms open wide. "Charlotte! I must be a clairvoyant! All day today I've been thinking of you! How's married life treating you?" "Lizzy, I couldn't be happier and I owe it all to you, my best friend in the whole wide world!" Lizzy smiled, "I was delighted to learn of the powerful effect my 'inappropriate' song had on the two of you. I'm only sorry to have missed your wedding, but I don't mind because all I care is for you to be happy and by the looks of it I can see you must be in raptures!" "Yes I am, my dear Lizzy, I can't wait to tell you all about it! But I didn't come here just to talk about me. I'm here to plan the 'Twenty Second Annual Elizabeth Benes Birthday Bash' this year. We'll have it next Saturday and we'll invite all of our friends, and we will..." Lizzy interrupted her, "You will do no such thing! My wish is to complete my degree in this town in as low a key as possible and then I'm leaving not to come back for a long, long time, if ever! You have to promise me Charlotte, I want no parties and no celebrations. Besides, I already have plans for this weekend. I'm leaving Friday afternoon for New York City where I plan to spend the weekend with Robbie and dad." "Oh Lizzy, please let me tell you what happened in my wedding day after you left, please. It's important!" "No Charlotte, it's still too painful for me to remember, I'm sure with time the pain will subside and then you can tell me. Especially when I'm far, far away from this place. At present I'm not ready to revisit those moments of humiliation, utter degradation and betrayal!" "But Lizzy, you don't understand! By then it may be too late for the two of you!" Lizzy's heart rate increased and she raised her voice. "Two of us! Two of us! There's no two of us! There never was a two of us! If you want to continue talking to me, you have to promise not to mention that man or that day again or I'll leave you alone!" "But Lizzy..." "I mean it Charlotte!" "Okay, my headstrong friend. Then allow me to tell you all about the happiness I've experienced with my darling Richard. He's truly the man of my dreams! Oh, Lizzy! Had it not been for that magical song, I would've been lost! And then I want to see photos and videos of the love of your life. I'm so curious to see the sexy lady who captured your heart so convincingly. That was hilarious!" And so they continued their chat catching up on everything that had happened to them since they had last seen each other. •••••••••• The following weekend Lizzy spent a very pleasant time with Robbie and Mr. Benes in New York celebrating her birthday a few days ahead of time. Apart from the walks in Times Square and Central Park accompanied by her two men, the fancy dinners, the chats with her father, the Broadway musical they saw on Saturday night, and the gifts she received, the highlight of the very busy weekend was an impromptu trip to the Niagara Falls on Sunday morning. They began with an airplane flight to Buffalo. When they landed, a helicopter was waiting for them. They took a northbound route following the Niagara River from its entrance to Lake Erie, alongside Grand Island, all the way to the Falls. Lizzy had a field day taking pictures of the amazing landscapes. They spent the next three hours exploring all the sights, including a boat ride on the Maid of the Midst. Upon her return home that night, she found a brand new luxurious deep-red convertible with a new license plate, Lizzy 22, parked in her spot at Longbourn. She remembered affectionately his father's silly promise to buy her a fancier convertible every year. She laughed imagining what she would get on her fortieth birthday. Perhaps an airplane car, a submarine car, a robot car? Tuesday was April 20, Lizzy's birthday. She knew her friends were planning to secretly have a party for her. Who knew who might have been invited; she shuddered at the thought. But Lizzy was one step ahead of them. In the morning she left for class without her friends noticing the suitcase she had taken to her car. After her morning class, Lizzy went straight to one of the premier hotels in DC where she rented a top-floor luxury suite with a view of non-other than the picturesque city of Georgetown. It was her way of saying goodbye to the neighborhood she had learned to love for the last four years. Beyond the grand scale monuments and memorials, she loved the walks in the cobblestone streets and shady trees surrounded by historic buildings. She remembered the first time she came to this place. The charming quaintness of the neighborhoods and the feeling of history intermingled with the modern establishments had instantly enamored her. She had marked all the places she wanted to visit on a map. The C&O Canal, the gardens at Dumbarton Oaks, the infamous stone stairs at the corner of 36th and Prospect Streets, the Old Stone House, and many others. Accompanied by her family, they walked everywhere with Lizzy leading the pack with her map until the morning of the third day when it was destroyed by a sudden downpour. Robbie and her father had laughed at the demise of her map, but her mother had commiserated with her. It was years later when her mother had confessed to her that she had been relieved when the map was destroyed as her feet were killing her from all that walking those two and a half days. •••••••••• The Twenty Second Elizabeth Benes Birthday Bash kicked off with a scrumptious feast for one in an ornate formal dining table illuminated by a crystal chandelier. After a comforting nap in a Louis XV bed with a pure cashmere mattress and down pillows, she went downstairs for an intensive yoga class followed by a swim in the pool. To cap it off, she received a full body spa treatment consisting of acupressure rub down of the feet, a full body massage, and a facial, ending with a relaxing visit to the steam room. Ahh! The best birthday gift ever! Back at the suite, she placed a chair in front of the floor-to-ceiling window facing Georgetown and the Potomac River. She then called Robbie and her dad to listen to the traditional Feliz Cumpleaños [Happy Birthday] song from her guys. They were diverted by the fact of Lizzy hiding out from her friends under their own noses. Finally, she video chatted with her aunt's family, spending a delicious time with Isabel, who took her tablet to the terrace to show Lizzy what she was missing, a glorious Florida Bay sunset. There were no more calls to be made. Her cellphone had been turned off all day to avoid getting any unwanted or 'please Lizzy' calls. She was sorry to have kept her friends in the dark, but it was for the best. Hopefully they would be willing to celebrate her belated birthday in a small intimate atmosphere tomorrow. She planned to bring a nice cake in the morning as a conciliatory gesture. The night belonged to her mother. Lizzy went back in time to a special day many years ago, when she was about Isabel's age or a little older. She was snugly ensconced on her mother's lap watching the movie 'Gone with the Wind'. Her beloved mother adored Clark Gable and Vivien Leigh. Lizzy reminisced fondly about the times her mother would dress her up using as model one of Scarlett's outfits from the movie. She would always say that Lizzy would grow up to be just as beautiful as Scarlett. Lizzy's soft curls matched Scarlett's to a tee. Their eyes, although of a different color, were both blazingly intense! Wearing a cushy pink terry bathrobe and slippers, with her hair loose and her whole body refreshed from the spa, she settled down in a recliner with a large pitcher of honey raspberry iced tea, a large tub of movie theater popcorn, and a plate of fruits, vegetables and chips. All the essential food groups were covered! A portrait of her mother rested on the coffee table, catty-cornered to afford a view of Lizzy and the TV screen. •••••••••• As soon as the movie intro began playing, she was interrupted by the sound of light door knocks. She hadn't requested anything so she was determined not to answer hoping they would give up and go away. The knocking became a little intense and Lizzy was getting annoyed. She clearly remembered placing a 'Do Not Disturb' hanger on the door knob! When the knocking became unbearable she paused the movie, moving swiftly to the door. Without thinking of the possibility of it being a stranger or someone eviler, she opened the door wide to confront the annoying miscreant. She was about to begin a rant, when Charlotte and Jane appeared in front of her with presents. Before Lizzy could recover from the astonishment, they entered the apartment, inviting themselves over. "How did you...? Robbie! I should've known! I'm going to kill him!" Charlotte replied with a smirk, "It wasn't Robbie; you'll have to aim higher." "Father? Why would he...?" "So that's how you want to celebrate your birthday, in luxury, indulged to the full like a pampered princess, leaving behind your friends to host sham parties where the guest of honor doesn't show up." "Oh no Charlotte, you're not going to guilt trip me into doing anything. I'm not leaving here until tomorrow. I specifically told you I didn't want any parties. Even if I would've loved to have you two with me today, I didn't want to take any chances. The rest of my night is already planned out with Rhett Butler, Scarlett O'Hara, and…" she smiled, pointing at the picture on the coffee table, "my mom. You can join us if you want. There's plenty of food and we can order more." •••••••••• The three friends sat on the living room. Lizzy was about to start the movie when Jane interrupted her. "Wait, before we begin the movie, you have to open our gifts. What's a birthday party without gifts? This first one is from me to you, with all my love." When she opened the present, she found a large box of tissues. She laughed at her friends. "Thank you Jane, what will I need this for?" "Just chill and open Charlotte's present." "What?" Lizzy exclaimed amused while opening the gift, which was the same size and weight as Jane's, "What a surprise! Another box of tissues. What's going on here?" Jane continued, "This one is from my Charles." It was a manila envelope containing a few papers, closed and sealed with a metal clasp. In the front Charles had written: Happy Birthday Lizzy DON'T OPEN THIS UNTIL YOU HAVE BEEN INSTRUCTED TO! Love, Charles Jane extracted a long wrapped box. "This is a surprise gift. You can't open it until the end of the night, so I'm going to settle it here on this corner, away from your overly-inquisitive eyes." Jane placed the box in the corner of the room, took the manila envelope from Lizzy's curious hands, and placed it on top of the box. Charlotte reached into her purse and extracted a large tablet. "This one is from Richard." She set it on a stand on the coffee table. She was going to start a movie when in a flash Lizzy bolted from the recliner escaping in the direction of the master bedroom. She was going to lock herself there and then she was going to call the front desk to... Before she could finish her thought, she shrieked at the sight of a tall red-headed man. Charles closed the bedroom door and stood in front of Lizzy. "No Lizzy, this is an intervention. You won't escape us tonight if we have to hold you down and tie you up to the recliner!" "Charles, please! I don't want to see what you want to show me! I won't be forced! You're holding me against my will! I'll call security!" Richard, who had been hiding in the background, came forward. "Lizzy, te voy a decir un secreto, yo pertenezco a una unidad militar sumamente secreta que se especializa en someter a individuos recalcitrantes. [I'm going to tell you a secret. I belong to a highly secretive military unit which specializes in subduing recalcitrant individuals]. I have trained your three friends for this occasion. I can safely promise that you won't escape tonight until you have watched that video. Your pigheadedness had caused many people lots of misery and you are the worst victim of this entire affair. By your refusal to listen to your friends, you're hurting yourself more than anyone else. Tonight we intend to put an end to your misguided obstinacy!" Lizzy was sobbing inconsolably. "I don't want to relieve that day! You don't know how much I suffered and still suffer because of it. I just want those people out of my life! Why are you so cruel to me? And you say you're my friends!" Charlotte and Jane came to embrace her. "Lizzy, you know how much Jane and I love you. Charles thinks of you as a sister, and Richard is very grateful to you for being the principal instrument of our current happiness. Please believe me, you have to see this. There's no other way around it. You have to. You can be mad at us and stop talking to us if you want, but tonight we'll give you the best birthday gift you'll ever receive. Even your father and Robbie agree with us. After tonight we promise never to mention that day, or those people, if you still wish it. Lizzy, this has been going on for too long, you have to stop tormenting yourself and the others. For one night, please swallow your pride and your prejudices. Please, let us do this for you. Please Lizzy?" "Okay, you win. I'll allow you to subject me to this horrible misery, only if you all promise, on your honor, never again to mention any of this! If I'm still talking to you!" They responded at the same time, "We promise, Lizzy!" She allowed to be taken to the living room. Jane and Charlotte sat next to her on the couch. Jane placed the boxes of tissues on the coffee table in front of Lizzy. Charles took the tablet, extracted a special cable, hooked it to the TV monitor, played the video, and left with Richard.
A/N: Hello my friends, remember me? In this chapter, I have a shocker for you, one character from the book goes so OOC that it will leave you exhilarated! Just thinking of it gives me the heebie-jeebies! You can't fail but root for that person! At least that's how I feel. I hope you agree with me. Another character had the opportunity to break free from their chains. Will they reveal their true nature and remain as before or will they take the chance for redemption and run with it? For the answer, read below. Originally I had that person doing the opposite of what they ended up doing but at the last minute, I decided to switch. I hope you agree with me again. And finally, a quick reminder: this is still Lizzy's birthday where she went AWOL in a hotel near her home. Her two best friends and their significant others barged in uninvited to perform an intervention forcing her to watch a video. Here's the next chapter, let me know or errors or mistakes and I'll correct them. I hope you enjoy it. •••••••••• Chapter 30 – Wedding Rosings Style, Part 2 Tuesday, April 20, at a hotel overlooking the neighborhood of Georgetown, Washington, District of Columbia: The three friends were sitting on the couch, staring intently at the TV. Lizzy bore a rebellious and foreboding countenance. She wanted to explode in a childish tantrum so she could be released from the burden of having to watch that ominous video. The only thing keeping her from yielding to her screeching inner child was her frayed but unbroken pride, and the intimidating presence of Richard Fitzwilliam, who had mercifully removed himself to another room with Charles. Charlotte was on her left, wearing a resolute, icy-cold expression on her face. Her mask of impassivity concealed a tumult of warring emotions inside her head, struggling to wreak havoc with her determination. She wanted to embrace Lizzy, to soothe her, to let her know by words and actions that everything was going to be okay, to baby her. But no, it wouldn't do, her best friend needed tough love, not sympathy. Jane was on Lizzy's right, fighting an inner-battle to maintain as much resolve as she could summon. Just as Charlotte, she yearned desperately to console Lizzy, to allay her fears, but as they had established beforehand, she had to be strong for her friend. Lizzy needed to watch the video. It was for her own good. The title of the video intro caused Lizzy to scoff with indignation. "To Our Dearest Friend Lizzy, Happy Birthday." •••••••••• Friday, March 12, at the Chapel inside Rosings Park, in the town of Kent, Florida: Lizzy was playing guitar while standing on the musician's platform near the altar, in front of the microphone. She was singing the last verse of her 'inappropriate' song. Ave María Ave María Ave María The camera followed Lizzy as she set out on her dignified but hasty retreat. She then removed her heels running towards the front doors until she disappeared. The camera panned to show Robbie whispering something to Georgiana and Kitty and then he took off running after Lizzy. The scene shifted to a full-size shot of Darcy. He remained affected with a paralysis of his face and body. His unfocused eyes were gazing at the floor. He appeared to be tense as if he was in the middle of a debilitating migraine. •••••••••• Tuesday, April 20, at a Georgetown hotel: Lizzy grabbed the first two napkins to wipe the tears which were beginning to flow freely. She was very upset with her supposed friends for forcing her to relive those agonizing moments she had been trying so hard to forget! And now they wanted her to experience them again! Charlotte made a move to embrace her but Lizzy gestured to not even try! Jane gazed at Lizzy with compassion but wisely resisted the temptation to cuddle her. Had it not been for the overpowering anger feeding her resentment, Lizzy would've felt some sympathy for Mr. Darcy's pathetic outward appearance. 'He doesn't deserve my compassion; I'm not going to shed a single tear over that inconstant man who wouldn't defend me! He chose his precious Aunt over me! I hate him!' Lizzy's avowed hatred reached an explosive climax in approximately three more minutes. Let's go back to the video to find out how this happened. •••••••••• Friday, March 12, at Rosings Chapel: Charlotte was on the next scene, sobbing openly in front of a peeved Lady Catherine, who was trying to console her in her usual supercilious manner. "Charlotte, you have to stop your senseless lamentation, it's quite off-putting. That insolent girl is no longer here to ruin our ceremony. We can resume our wedding. Your other friend seems to be better suited than the plebeian you had chosen originally. I daresay Miss Preston will perform the duties as maid of honor with the dignity and deference it requires. She seems to be more accepting of her social status. To give you a token of my renowned generosity of spirit, I will allow you to keep your undeserving dress even though it vexes me to no end." Since Charlotte continued crying, Lady Catherine assumed she was embarrassed on account of the conduct of her objectionable friend. Her remedy was to address the whole congregation. "My deepest apologies for the sorry spectacle we were subjected to from that imprudent young woman. Miss Benes took it upon herself to disrupt this solemn occasion with her ill-mannered performance, which I have to allow was brilliant, although she demonstrated her uncouth manners by using a foreign language. As you can witness, she even upset the bride. Fear not, our circumstances have improved dramatically because the impertinent low-born is finally gone. We can now return to our ceremony without the interference of that trifling hussy with nothing to recommend herself but..." "WOULD YOU SHUT THE **** UP!" The camera went wild displaying crazy twists and turns until it dropped to the floor with an audible crack. A second camera quickly took over revealing a loud gasp from the whole room, immediately zooming in on a red-faced Darcy who was advancing on his aunt with fire in his eyes. He was now standing before her. Lady Catherine had been stunned by what she had just heard. Before she could react Darcy stood towering over her as she shrank. "I won't stand still a second longer while you spew your barrage of incivilities against Elizabeth! Your accusations and descriptions of her are not only cruel and reprehensible, they are absolutely false! Elizabeth Benes is the most honorable, the most admirable, the most accomplished, and the worthiest woman in the whole world! I insist that you publicly retract every single lie you uttered about her!" "I will do no such thing! Apparently, that cunning upstart has infatuated you with her arts and allurements impairing your judgment! Now I wonder what irreparable damage that unfeeling girl already inflicted to make you forget your obligation to honor your elders!" "The only damage Elizabeth has inflicted is to my puffed up ego! She has shown to me and to everyone else here the perfect comportment of a well-mannered and cultured lady, a lady of class, and of the most excellent society. You can't hold a candle to her. She's everything you should be but you're not! You should learn from Elizabeth!" "Have you taken leave of your senses, nephew? You are expressing, publicly, a preference for that disreputable woman over your own blood relations! You are lost to that selfish girl! She has accomplished her goal to trap you in her web of deception! Are you lost to every feeling of propriety and correctness and disregard the responsibilities you owe to your family? And all for what? For that lowly, unfeeling tramp?" "I told you for the last time to stop insulting Elizabeth! As far as I'm concerned, she surpasses your consequence by far! For your information, if trapping me was her design, she would've prevailed a long time ago as it's been months now since I asked her to be my wife and she rejected me soundly!" Another audible loud gasp was heard from the room. Lady Catherine was even more infuriated. "Heaven and earth! Of what were you thinking? Have you forgotten your obligation to preserve your noble line? I know what that scheming woman is about. She was increasing your love by suspense when rejecting your original suit as would be consistent with the true nature of her vicious character." "No Aunt, she rejected me because I misread her completely. I was unabashedly proud and arrogant. I believed I was so superior to her that all I had to do was propose and she would accept me simply because of who I am, without a single regard for her feelings. What a fool I was! Her justified rejection humbled me. She taught me a lesson, hard at first, but most advantageous. She inspired me to strive to become a man worthy of the exceptional woman that is Elizabeth Benes. I was fortunate to have been given the opportunity to redeem myself. Things were looking up this second time around until you began hurling your vulgarities and baseless accusations, and I failed to react in time to defend her, to stand for her as she rightfully deserves. Not anymore! I'm going after Elizabeth this very second to plead forgiveness for my delayed reaction on her behalf. I swear on everything sacred to me that this is the last time I let her down. She's everything to me! I'm leaving right now and never again will I set foot in this miserable place unless you retract everything you've said about Elizabeth!" "Not in any circumstance!" Darcy did an about face and began to walk briskly towards the front door. As he was doing so, Lady Catherine continued hurling verbal assaults against Lizzy. "William! Wait!" Mrs. Darcy stood and addressed Lady Catherine. "Sister, you have to stop slandering Elizabeth. She's a respectable young lady. I have a confession to make, I once heard some malicious gossip about her and I was deeply concerned. In a moment of weakness, believing I was protecting my family, I decided to ban her from our lives, until William convinced me of Elizabeth's true worth and I immediately lifted the ban. All this time I have been mortified that I had even entertained the thought of her as being less than what she had shown me and my family in all our interactions. I'm leaving now with my son and won't return to Rosings unless you take back every single negative remark you've uttered against Elizabeth." "Never! You too seem to be under the spell of that..." "Shut up, old hag!" "Georgiana!" Mrs. Darcy exclaimed, appalled at her daughter's ill-mannered effusion. "Sorry, Mom, I got caught up in the moment. Sorry, Aunt. Can we go now?" She quickly ran to her brother and buried her face in his arm. Lady Catherine was livid! "I am shocked and astonished! I will have you all removed from Rosings immediately!" •••••••••• Tuesday, April 20, at a Georgetown hotel: Lizzy's feelings were fluttering like branches caught in a blustery wind. At times they were high, then they were low, then she was happy, then sad, then exultantly joyful, then deflated, and then amused. In the end, she felt proud! The boxes of tissues her friends had given her, which now had found a permanent position on her lap, had been worked on with madness. When Darcy shouted his insult at his Aunt, Lizzy had been thunderstruck! She couldn't believe he was capable of not only confronting his Aunt but to insult her so openly! When he began his passionate defense of her she lost it, she cried so hard as to almost miss some of the other events which took place afterward. "He came after me!" she shouted out loud in between sobs, "Why didn't he find me? Was Robbie driving very fast? Did he miss us? Please tell me!" She turned to Charlotte, but she wasn't there! She turned to Jane, but she was also gone! She looked around the apartment and realized she was alone. "What a pair of scoundrels!" She cried out to the lady in the mirror, "First they make me suffer and then they give me bliss, and when I need them most they leave me all alone! Some birthday party!" The lady in the mirror smiled back at her with a triumphant sparkle in her eyes. With a look of satisfaction, she sat down and returned to the video. •••••••••• Friday, March 12, at Rosings Chapel: As soon as the hostile exchanges between the Darcys and Lady Catherine had begun, a small window had opened up in a corner of the screen. The smaller video had no sound, but based on the interactions between the characters, an emotional love story was being acted out. Charlotte was still sobbing when Richard stopped in front of her and began what seemed like an ardent speech. His raw feelings were evident by his demeanor and the strong emotion expressed on his face. At first, Charlotte became angry, she even pushed him, hands to the chest, and shouted something at him. But as Richard pressed on, she began to calm down. Then she smiled as he finally conquered the remaining vestiges of her heart. At that point, they embraced, and Richard did something which surprised everyone. Just as Lady Catherine had finished stating her purpose to remove all of the Darcys from Rosings, the Chapel resonated with a third loud gasp. The small window suddenly grew to cover the whole screen, showing Richard kneeling in front of Charlotte and removing a ring box from his pants. Charlotte was crying again, but this time they were tears of happiness. After Richard made his proposal, Charlotte jumped in his arms and gave him a passionate kiss full on the lips. From the moment Darcy's thunderous roar had boomed across the Chapel, Mr. Collins had hurriedly retreated and was now seated between Fanny and Lydia, looking as if he was another spectator. His devotion for Charlotte quickly forgotten the poor guy was beside himself with anguish over the onslaught his patroness had received from the Darcys. He couldn't conceive how those refined personages could behave in that scandalizing fashion. And all for Elizabeth, who, although he conceded, was wealthier than all of them, but she didn't have the blue blood of the Fitzwilliam and the Darcy families. The poor guy didn't know what to do. So preoccupied was he with Lady Catherine that he missed the entire drama of Richard and Charlotte. In truth, he didn't care. Lady Catherine bellowed once again. "You too Richard! What a disgraceful exhibition! It seems the virus of these low-class people has infected my whole family! Just wait for my brother to hear of this! He will set you right! The wedding is canceled! Everyone here will be escorted out from Rosings right this very second! None of you will be allowed to come here ever again!" Richard smiled, took Charlotte's arm and began to march out of the Chapel following the Darcys. Everyone else was left dumbfounded, not knowing what to do. Just as a hurried Darcy had finally reached the door, he stopped in his tracks upon hearing a loud cry from an unexpected source. "William Darcy! Richard Fitzwilliam! Come back now because I need you more than I've ever needed anyone in my entire life! I expect your lady loves will understand. I'll talk to Lizzy myself if I have to. Come back! Please! I beg you!" "Not my own daughter! Please Anne, let them go, they're not welcome here! They have brought shame to our family name by their perfidy and their tainted associations. We don't need them..." "No one's going anywhere! It's my turn to speak but I need my cousins to come to my side before I begin. This is an important matter. I urgently need both of you to stand by me." Darcy and Richard immediately responded to their cousin as they had always done since they could remember. Darcy glanced longingly out the door and rushed speedily to Anne's side. Richard kissed Charlotte and ran to Anne's other side. She took both of their hands in hers and began her carefully prepared speech. "Well mother, there's one more thing I have to say about Lizzy. She's sneaky, curious to a fault, and very resourceful! The last few days, she helped me unravel a conspiracy, from you, my own mother, to steal my rightful and lawful inheritance. Guess what mother? We found a copy of my father's original Last Will and Testament. This document states that upon my 25th birthday, I was to become the sole proprietor of Rosings Estate including all its holdings and the land and the improvements to it that have been made by human efforts: buildings, machinery, wells, dams, ponds, mines, canals, etcetera, etcetera, etcetera. You, mother, were to remain as my advisor only if I wished it." Everyone, especially her two cousins, gaped at her in open-mouthed astonishment. Was that really Anne de Bourgh? Lady Catherine was the first one to recover from her daughter's shocking announcement. "That is an absolute falsehood!" Lady Catherine barked. "That charlatan lied to you! I have your father's official Last Will and Testament duly certified, notarized and witnessed in my possession. Everything was left to me until my own demise. Then, and only then, it will be yours. I will challenge you in court if I have to! That irresponsible nobody filling your head with all that rubbish will pay dearly for this calumny! I will crush her!" Anne nearly cowered in fear of her mother's powerful invective, but the presence of her cousins relaxed her. Her awareness of the huge responsibility resting on her shoulders filled her with a newfound confidence. She knew she needed to go through with her plans. She had practiced this so many times! This wasn't just for Lizzy. Not even for her father, or for the many other people who needed her without delay. No, she was doing this for herself! She squeezed her cousin's hands and forged ahead. "No mother, you won't do that, because the law is on my side. The Testament we uncovered has been authenticated by my father's own lawyer, the same lawyer who had been expediently fired by you the day after my father died. Do you remember Mr. Geoffrey Purvis? He's the rightful executor of our estate. Can you believe he had been waiting for me to contact him? He lacked the authority to act on the estate's behalf until I did, his hands were tied. My father's original Testament has been sanctioned by a Judge from the Probate Division of the Circuit Court of Palm Beach County, while your forged document has been invalidated. Mr. Benes, Lizzy's father, put me in contact with a Florida attorney who is a renowned authority in probate law, Mr. John Phillips. He is now handling my legal affairs. You can challenge us if you want, but you will lose, mother!" "Anne, why are you doing this? You know I would never lie to you. I'm your mother." "Well mother, if you've never lied to me, you'll be amazed by the following story. Did I tell you already that Lizzy's crazy curious? Well, one night, we were exploring Rosings Mansion and, at her insistence, I retrieved the key to the last room on the east side, the one you prohibited me from visiting. You had argued that it was to protect me because of my so-called respiratory allergies. Guess what mother? I'm still breathing! When we entered, we found, among many antique items, my baby furniture. Nosy-Lizzy was fidgety that night! Like two amateur archaeologists, we began to search and classify the items. We had so much fun! Until Lizzy made a discovery. Guess what she found? Inside my baby bed's cover! Don't ask me why she would even search there! Along with a copy of my father's original Testament, there was a handwritten copy of a letter my father had left for me to be delivered on my 25th birthday. The original letter had mysteriously disappeared. I'm not going to detail the content of the letter because I'm almost certain you've read it, mother. I'm only going to say that my father left me specific instructions and very valuable advice. Before you begin an argument about the authenticity of the letter, allow me to tell you that it has been analyzed by a renowned forensic handwriting expert and proven with 99.9 percent certainty that it was written by my father." "Anne, what are you saying? There's no letter! Those unscrupulous, avaricious people have prejudiced you against me, your own mother! It's all lies! Why are you doing this?" "Why, mother? Because it's time for a new management at Rosings. Starting today, I'll handle the administration of the Estate. In his letter to me, my father gave me some excellent ideas which I'm anxious to implement. As he wisely advised, I'm bringing back the old estate manager, Mr. Morris Pratt, who suffered the same fate as Mr. Purvis when you took over and discharged him without cause because he disagreed with your unwise decisions and refused to be your lackey. He will help me revitalize Rosings along with my two brilliant cousins here who will be my main advisors. Your services, my dear mother, will no longer be required." "Anne, you don't know what you're about. I will allow that you have found your father's original testament. But you have to understand my dear child; everything I did was to protect you. You don't have the slightest notion of how to run this vast organization. You're too sickly and weak. Many lives depend on me for their support! I'm the only one who knows how to manage Rosings." "No mother, you don't manage anything, you rule! You are a tyrant and a despot. The people in your employ are very unhappy, untrusting and unsurprisingly, some of them are disloyal. Their pretend obsequiousness is a farce they employ very effectively when in reality they're stealing from you under your own nose! I've done my research. In the ten years since my father's death, your so-called superior management has resulted in a loss of capital and assets of the estate by 20 percent! Your own nephews have tried to counsel you many times, but you would always dismiss them without a single consideration to their vital suggestions. You have put your trust in the wrong people. It's time we make drastic changes at Rosings. My father's letter was exceedingly foresighted in that regard. He knew you so well! I will restore the beauty and the prosperity this magnificent estate enjoyed when my father was alive." "It's that pernicious woman who has been filling your head with lies, you will ruin Rosings! I'm the only one who knows..." "No mother, that pernicious woman opened my eyes! I want you to leave right now for the main house and prepare for your departure to the splendid mansion my father left for you in Miami. You'll receive a substantial pension and you'll get to keep as many of your own personal staff to rule as you wish. I will also send you all of those old busts and pictures and sculptures of our ancestors. Rosings House will be renovated into a cozy, modern home! Colonel Forster, Mr. Jones, please take my mother back to Rosings House and make sure she's promptly, securely, and comfortably escorted to her new home. Any staff members wishing to follow her will be dismissed from Rosings with an appropriate severance payment." An infuriated Lady Catherine tried to close in on her ungrateful daughter, but William and Richard stepped in, blocking her access to Anne. Without putting up a fight, the exalted Lady left in silence, head held high, confident that her daughter would beg her to return very soon, once she became crushed with her responsibilities. Then she would show everyone who's in charge! She would get her revenge on all her enemies. Elizabeth Benes would pay dearly! She would never marry into her family! Anne was exhilarated! The trepidations she had felt at the outset of the face-off with her mother were now gone, replaced by a new-found self-confidence. She knew it wasn't going to be easy, but she had an important weapon her mother lacked, the ability to read others. She wouldn't be deceived by double-dealing sycophants. She also had the support of highly qualified people whom she could trust. In moments of uncertainty, her cousins would provide a shielding fortress. And she had her father's letter for guidance. There was so much she needed and wanted to do! Mr. Collins hadn't been nearly as worried about the loss of his presumed bride as about the loss of his benefactress. As a matter of fact, at that moment, he couldn't care less about Charlotte! He stood with the intention of following Lady Catherine when Anne called out to him. "Wilfred, you can be free from my mother if you want. Today you get to choose your own destiny. What will it be?" He looked at Anne with wide eyes, and then he looked at Lady Catherine, who was staring back at him with an imperious expression while walking to the exit. He lowered his head and proceeded to follow his patroness out the Chapel. Anne frowned, but then she smiled. Her perspective had been transformed in a short time. She wouldn't miss Wilfred; there was no room in her new life for such a spineless man. Goodbye and good riddance Mr. Collins! Anne addressed everyone else. "My good friends, if you please, return to your seats. Let's have the wedding our dear Charlotte deserves. Richard, are you ready to leave bachelorhood behind? Even if my aunt and uncle and cousins aren't here?" "I love my family very much, but I love Charlotte more and I can't wait to marry her! I'm ready, willing, and able if you'll have me." "Of course I will my love! Oh, I can't believe this is happening! The only misfortune is not having Lizzy here. So sad that she's missing all our present happiness, considering she's responsible for most of it!" Anne happily replied, "Then let's call her!" •••••••••• Tuesday, April 20, at a Georgetown hotel: Lizzy's eyes were focused mostly on William. She was exceedingly proud of him when he stood to protect Anne. She only regretted the fact that he took so long to do the same for herself! Would he always be so fickle with her? She didn't miss his anguish when he looked at the door. She cried for him again and again! Anne had done an awesome job! She came out of her shell in a spectacular fashion! She was an improved version of her mother! Rosings Park was in good hands. Lizzy remembered all the voice and text messages her friends had sent her the first few days and her perverse determination on ignoring and deleting each one of them. She had even exchanged her cell phone for an unlisted one precisely to stop receiving messages from Anne, who had been the most unrelenting and persevering of the bunch! Charlotte's wedding caused her more sadness because her dear William seemed so miserable and detached, as if he was a million miles away. Perhaps he was thinking of someone else? It made her cry even harder. She couldn't watch anymore. What a birthday night, and she wasn't halfway done yet! So far she had been caught in a category 5 hurricane of emotions! Some people say there are six primary emotions, anger, disgust, fear, happiness, sadness, and surprise. She had experienced them all with full force in one night! And she was at present in the eye of the hurricane! She needed a break. She went to the bathroom and took a long shower. While the water was caressing her body, she emptied her mind, counting her breaths... Forward... Backward... After donning a new robe, she went to the living room and stood transfixed by the windows, admiring the Georgetown lights, panning to the far right to the dark outline of the gothic spires of Healy Hall. The shining clock tower with its 'flighty' clock hands, stood as a reminder of the last four years in her treasured Georgetown University. On the background, along the Potomac River, an illuminated barge with its heavy load caught her attention; she followed its slow navigation until it disappeared from view. Soothed and refreshed, she was now ready for more assault on her senses! She returned to the video. She watched it two more times, fast-forwarding, pausing and continuing in key moments, always focusing her attention on her sweetheart. When she reached the end of the video at long last, she noticed there were no instructions for opening the envelope and the box! What should she do? She decided to open the envelope first; in any case, she knew who the sender was. She shivered at the thought of the contents of the box. Was it from him? It was safer, considering her current emotional state, to begin with the envelope. When she opened it, there was a DVD with another closed envelope. The DVD was titled, 'Watch this first.' Charles' face filled the screen. "Lizzy, the photos you're about to see were taken back in February before I had the opportunity to relay to Will the news you gave me about your family's comparative wealth. So you see, at that moment he thought you were an impoverished girl at best, as my malicious sister had portrayed you. That morning he had ensconced himself in his office for hours demanding no interruptions. When he had finished his draft, he called me for an urgent and confidential meeting. Then he did something which blew me out of the water! He proceeded to open his heart to me and ask for advice! There are no words to describe how honored and proud I felt of my best friend that day. Of course, I also laughed my socks off! When we were done, he erased all the evidence. Only he wasn't aware I had taken these photos. He doesn't know about this, I've only shared them with Jane. Please don't be too harsh on him; he was doing the best he could, given the circumstances. Everything he did can be summed up in one word: LOVE. If you require more specifics about this, all you have to do is search your own heart. Now you can open the envelope. Happy birthday Lizzy." •••••••••• She opened it with trepidation. The first photo showed Darcy, sitting on his desk, staring determinedly at the whiteboard. His face, seen in profile, was pensive, deeply concentrated as if he was pondering a very important problem. When she read the title on the whiteboard, 'MISSION STATEMENT: MARRY ELIZABETH BENES' she lost it again. When she gained her composure and saw the other photos showing the outline of his plan to marry her, she was enchanted, frowning, laughing and crying at the same time. She laughed so hard when she read the part about hypnotizing her with a deep kiss and taking her to Vegas to marry her before she would wake up! She wouldn't have minded one bit! Yes, she understood her sweetheart, he was a business man first and he was doing what he had known all his life, he was applying his skills in order to accomplish his goal, to gain her love. Given, he was a flawed man; but she wasn't any better. So, they were each equally imperfect. They both had to improve, but they could do it together. With regard for each other's feelings, with understanding, but mostly, with the deepest love, they could accomplish anything. At that moment she thought she loved him more than life itself! Now she could relax and think about everything she had learned that glorious night... Wait... the box. Oh, No! More surprises! She was hoping the box was from Robbie and her dad. She couldn't take it anymore; otherwise, she would explode from so much happiness. Once again, there wasn't a note or any specific instructions on when to open the box. Her friends had been sly on that point. With trembling hands, she drew the flaps to the sides, revealing the contents. It was packed solid with foam pellets! "Hey, someone ripped me off!" she remarked laughing. Inside, she found a jewelry box and a letter addressed to 'Elizabeth'. The handwriting was precise and formal. She thought of the possibilities, it wasn't Robbie or her dad or her best friends. Charles was eliminated as she had the envelope for reference. It was similar to the... With the excitement of a child on Christmas day, she opened the jewelry box. It contained a delicate gold chain with a gold heart-shaped locket. The lid was decorated with a richly detailed raised engraving of a sumptuous English country mansion with a lake in the foreground. On the other side, there was a colorful engraving of a long purple flower, a lavender. The locket opened to display a tiny color drawing behind a glass cover, of a young lady with soft dark curls which could've been easily mistaken as her twin. She had a serious but soft expression. She noticed the attention to detail paid by the painter, especially around the eyes, which looked so remarkably like hers. The other opening was empty. The enchanting necklace seemed to be an old heirloom which had been recently restored to its original stateliness. She fastened the gold chain around her neck and went to the mirror to admire its beauty. Taking a few steps forward, lifting her chin with an air of haughtiness, and winking delicately, she vaunted, "I thanketh thee for thy beautefull bestowal my dearling. Its splendor parallels my grandeur. Thou shalt have to labour harthr to gain a stead in my locket." She laughed at her own goofiness, realizing she was purposely delaying the inescapable task ahead, the reading of the letter. She rolled her eyes, smiling at herself in commiseration. She went back to the couch, sat down and picked up the letter. It began with a simple greeting. •••••••••• Elizabeth, I hope when you read this letter your sentiments towards me have changed for the better even if a little bit. Please allow me to begin by expressing my deepest and most sincere apology for my cowardice when I failed to defend your honor, your virtue, and your character when you needed it most. Please believe this, it wasn't my Aunt, but your forceful glare of disapprobation which caused me to freeze in that moment. Yes, you have that effect on me! Once you were gone, as hopefully, you have witnessed tonight, I became myself again and proceeded the way I should have done when you were still at the Chapel. I hope one day I have another opportunity to prove my constancy to you. After my (our) confrontation with my Aunt, even if I knew my duty was to remain at the Chapel with my cousins, my thoughts were consumed elsewhere. Once the ensuing wedding concluded, I couldn't stomach the happiness of the whole party, so I left as soon as possible and decided to spend a few days alone, in a special place, to lick my wounds. I went to my home in Fort Lauderdale to get my boat. In the way to my destination, I came across a large yacht, the Jessica, where two ladies were waving at me. I was so despondent thinking of a certain someone, that I failed to notice the sparkling eyes of a special lady trying to call my attention. In a way, I was fortunate not to recognize you. The shock would've rendered me unable to navigate and I would've ended up in a sandbar or would've crashed somewhere. Worse yet, I would've turned back and the subsequent events which I'm about to relate wouldn't have happened. The next morning, I went hiking to the highest hill at Coldán Key, where my special place is located (you might have guessed this fact by now). Once at the top, I began to admire the view, when a happy scene caught my eye. There was a lady playing in your uncle's beach with his children. At first, I thought it was your Aunt and I averted my eyes to give them privacy. But something unusual in the lady made me check, I knew the young woman couldn't be Mrs. Coldán, she appeared to be livelier! Something inside me which to this day I cannot comprehend compelled me to appraise the lady. I wish I knew what made me do something so out of character as to overstep my bounds! Before I go on, I need to apologize for my breach of your privacy. I pointed my binoculars in the direction of the aforementioned lady. The instant I recognized you, I stumbled (probably a punishment from Heaven) and almost fell down the cliff, most likely to my death, had it not been for the branch of a perfectly located oak tree, to which I will always be indebted for my life. Perturbed by the preceding events, seeing you being the most paramount, I decided to return to the cottage. A million thoughts were playing through my mind; the most important was that God gave me the opportunity to be close to you. On the way to my cottage, my thoughts were interrupted by a screaming woman. In less than a few minutes, I was lifting your friend back into the Jessica's deck. You probably know the rest of that story. So you see, the preceding events needed to happen in the manner and timing as they did, in order to allow me the opportunity to provide that important service to your friend. An hour later, as I was recovering from my crazy day on the island, I received a visit from your brother. After he gave me an account of the extreme distress you had experienced the previous day, we agreed that for your sake it was better if I left you be for a while until your spirits could improve. When I departed the island the following morning, Heaven took pity on me by sending me the small reward of seeing you one more time. You were riding a horse with 'the love of your life' (Charles shared with me the funny story) when I saluted you and disappeared. I was hoping against hope that once you learned of the events on the Chapel, you would have softened your regard for me and I would've been able to see you sooner. But it wasn't meant to be. I don't blame you for your obstinacy; I blame myself for my failing. I will end with a simple wish. If you find in your heart to forgive me, please know that I'll be waiting for you. If you can't, please allow me, with a broken heart, to wish you all the best for your future life. I almost forgot: Happy Birthday Elizabeth! I hope you enjoy and would be most grateful if you keep my birthday gift. This particular pendant reminded me of our dances. It belonged to an ancestor of mine from the north of England who coincidentally shared your name and who also shared an affinity for lavender perfumes. Her husband had commissioned it from a skillful local jeweler for their silver anniversary. The front shows the home where they shared their lives and where they raised their children. I had it restored a few months ago with the hope of gifting it to you at the earliest opportunity. I will only add, God bless you. William Darcy •••••••••• Lizzy couldn't remember how many times she attempted but failed to read the letter to completion, from the agitation, the fluttering in her stomach, the exuberance, and the tears, which wouldn't allow her to concentrate. She couldn't blame him for not following his impulse to follow her out the Chapel; justified circumstances obliged him to remain there. She couldn't help but respect his strong sense of loyalty towards Anne. The important fact was that he had the clear intention of going after her. Oh, how she wished she wouldn't have been so bullheaded! How many weeks of happiness she had just wasted! How many people had suffered because of her childish behavior! She thought of Anne and Georgiana, and also Mrs. Darcy. 'What they must think of me?' She remembered fondly Kitty's eagerness to share the details of the wedding, and her stubborn refusal. For the first time in her memory, her cousin had been the adult and she had acted as the immature childish teenager. She had been overwhelmed by the thought of his presence on the island. So it hadn't been a mirage. It was him! And he was his friend's savior! Jessica's description of her beloved William had been so spot-on. Yes, he was her beloved. She was annoyed with Robbie and her dad. They knew much more than they claimed and yet there wasn't a single mention of particulars. Oh well, they always had to pamper her. To keep her in a little cocoon of protection. She would forever be a baby in their eyes. Actually, this time they had been right; she had been a spoiled baby! She imagined her relatives plotting with her friends, and with him... Lizzy began to make plans to see her sweetie. She couldn't wait! Perhaps she could text him tonight and he would come to her... No, that would be too much! She didn't doubt he would be a perfect gentleman; she was more afraid of her own lack of self-restraint! Especially when she thought of their kisses... No, their happy reunion would have to wait a little longer. Before she would see him again, there was a personal goal she wanted to achieve. Something she had been anxious about and had been putting off for too long now. This time she would go all the way! He inspired her! 'I will overcome my fears! Get ready for me, Boston! I will conquer you!'
A/N: Hey, remember me? First things first. I won't abandon this story. I love it too much. Sorry for the late, late, late, update, I'm doing my best! And enjoying every minute of it! The Boston Surprise is not such a big surprise after all. If you don't believe me, go back and read the entire book again. Ok, you don't have to read the whole book; I provided some clues on chapters 13, 14, 16, 21, 23, and 25. Or don't and enjoy the surprise. One of my reviewers, Motherof8, got it! Brilliant! This is one of the most important chapters in the whole book. Want to know why? Because the cat is finally out of the bag! I expect to see Darcy redeem himself in this chapter, or some of my reviewers will be disappointed and they may leave me for good! I hope not, because we're so close to the end. Even if it takes forever! The Snow White Executive Protection Unit is back; however, since some of you don't seem to be fond of them, I opted to keep them as a covert operation. They're hidden but not forgotten, which means they're doing their job to perfection! (Am I repeating myself?) By the way, someone seems to have a suspicious familiarity with them! Or is that a coincidence? I wrote a very intense section describing in detail the reason Captain Carter wasn't killed by the insurgents, but them decided that it wasn't relevant to this story so I removed it. Maybe one day I can spin-off a story about this intriguing soldier. For now, Captain Carter is a reminder to Lizzy that it could be worse, much worse! One more thing, don't ever forget because this is very important: this is a book about pride and prejudice. This is key! Isn't it awesome that it was originally conceived by a teenager prodigy of nature? We're almost at the end of the road, a few more chapters and we're done! Please review and thanks for your constructive criticisms. I value them tremendously. In case you're wondering, my relatives in Puerto Rico are fine. They all have concrete homes and live in flood-free areas. It's just a matter of getting power and water to their homes (which is very big deal!) and they'll go back to normal. This will hopefully, and most probably, happen before I finish my book, ha! Here's the next chapter. Please forget my mistakes and errors but point them out so I can correct them. I sincerely hope you enjoy! •••••••••• Chapter 31 - The Boston Surprise After her tumultuous birthday celebration on Tuesday night, Lizzy decided to remain in the hotel one more night. She needed the solitude in order to reflect on all she had learned on her birthday. The video had been watched to no end, and the letter was beginning to curl and crinkle from so much handling and the moisture of tears. She had virtually learned the content of the letter by heart. On Wednesday she only left the room for classes and for the gym, where she had an exhilarating, mind-blowing workout! She didn't talk to anyone with the exception of her schoolmates and professors, even her father and brother had to endure her icy silence. During Mass, she was glowing with happiness. Father Oslovich chortled to himself thinking that Lizzy was either filled with the Holy Spirit or was infatuated with a boy. When she returned to Longbourn she didn't have to worry about her roommates trying to break their promise not to mention anything about Charlotte's wedding day, because they were busy with their own concerns. Jane was spending less and less time in the apartment. When she was around, she would be either talking about Charles, or talking with Charles, or texting Charles, or sending and receiving photos from Charles, etcetera, etcetera, and etcetera. She was making such a sorry, pathetic, amusing, heartwarming, and enviable spectacle! Kitty was lost in her own world as well, catching up on her Advanced Placement courses at her high school, or going out with friends, watching her favorite TV shows, movies, and internet videos, or keeping up with her ever-updating social media sites. It was a struggle to keep pace with so many huge responsibilities, yet she gave each one her best with passion! Removed from the influence of Lydia's recklessness and their mom's silliness, she was becoming more sensible and more responsible. The best news was that her goal to go to NYU was right on track! She even displayed a refreshing deference to her cousin's need to adjust to her new circumstances. •••••••••• Since Saturday morning there was no OWYP class at Bell Multicultural, Lizzy had agreed to go with Monica Carter to visit her father in prison. They left at dawn on a charter plane, arriving at Kansas City International Airport just as the sun was welcoming the new day. From the airport, they took a taxi and half an hour later they arrived at Fort Leavenworth. Captain Carter had been detained at the Midwest Joint Regional Correctional Facility, waiting for Court Martial proceedings. During the flight, Monica had updated Lizzy on the progress of her father's case. Even though Captain James Carter was only thirty-nine, when Lizzy met him for the first time, she beheld an old man beaten down by life. The advanced age was mainly noticeable on his face, he had many worry wrinkles and his short hair was completely gray. Throughout the entire visit, Lizzy did her best to maintain a cheerful attitude. She was as friendly as she could afford with the forlorn soldier. All her problems seemed so insignificant when compared to the woeful plight of that brave and broken man and his hopeful daughter. She was proud of Monica because she had been the only member of her family who had stuck by her father. Her mother and her siblings had abandoned him after they learned he had been alive and well in Afghanistan all those years while they were barely making ends meet in D.C. Monica was patiently waiting for an explanation from her father, which he claimed he was incapable to produce because the constant torture he suffered during those agonizing years had impaired his memory. The officials at the top brass suspected there was more to his unwillingness to share than lack of memory. He had been deemed a deserter and ultimately, a traitor. Apart from Monica and now Lizzy, his only visitors had been the lawyers and investigators hired by Mr. Benes, who were actively searching for more clues about his whereabouts in Iraq and Afghanistan after he had been captured. His fellow soldiers, especially the ones he had saved in the past, wrote him encouraging letters, yet they hadn't been permitted to have any other contact with him. The most important matter still remained to be settled: why didn't the insurgents kill Captain Carter that morning in Fallujah? •••••••••• That Saturday evening, when Lizzy returned to the apartment, she was surprised to find Jane. "Who are you, strange lady, and what are you doing in my home on a Saturday night? I'm going to call the police, unless you agree to leave on your own recognizance." "Ha, ha. Lizzy, be nice! Tomorrow morning Charles invited me to visit some friends out of town with the Darcys, Charlotte, and Richard. We're leaving very early in the morning. So, that's the reason for my 'shocking' presence here on a Saturday night. We wondered if you would like to come with us. Perhaps you could say yes? We'll make a merry party!" Lizzy felt agitated at the thought of not only seeing William again, but also his mom, and of course, her good friend Georgie. Her heart cried out for it to happen and the sooner the better. The only problem was that tomorrow morning she was determined to accomplish the mission she had been delaying for such a long time! She couldn't get sidetracked any longer, not even for the immense joy of seeing William. "I'm sorry Jane; I sincerely would love to come with you. Except that tomorrow I have a very important appointment with an acquaintance that I cannot miss. Perhaps in another occasion?" "As you wish. Anyhow, if you change your mind, the invitation is open until Charles comes to pick us up in the morning." Jane could perceive that Lizzy was a changed woman. Leaving her alone in the hotel room on her birthday had been a nice touch since it enabled her to concentrate on the events and express her feelings more openly to herself. Jane was keeping her pledge to Lizzy not to mention anything about it. She knew Lizzy needed more time to come to her senses, and she was willing to give her as much as was necessary. She only hoped it wouldn't be too much longer; there were so many people whose ultimate happiness depended on Lizzy's next move. If only she could shake her until she accepted the love which was clearly burning in her heart! •••••••••• Jane woke up early on Sunday. The minute she finished her preparations the door buzzed announcing the arrival of Charles. The security guard already knew Charles and had let him in the building. After an ardent kiss and mutual declarations of love, he asked, "Where's Lizzy? I thought she was coming with us? I didn't see her car in her parking spot, though. Did she go somewhere? Is she coming back soon?" "I have bad news dear," Jane replied, "Apparently, she already had plans to visit a friend today. I didn't know she was leaving so early. The last few weeks she has been acting strangely with her Sunday escapades. She hasn't told anyone where she's going. Last night I got the feeling she wanted to tell me something, but she was hesitant. I don't think it was about Will, it was about someone else, about the person or persons she's visiting today." Charles shrugged, "Oh well, can't say we tried! Our friends are going to be very disappointed, some more than others. Lizzy can be both mysterious and stubborn, can she?" Jane laughed, "Yes she can, that's our Lizzy! Although, I think she has undergone a complete change in her sentiments towards Will. The last couple of days I've been noticing more liveliness and playfulness in her spirit. I've also caught her daydreaming and smiling to herself in a few occasions. I seriously believe they getting together is something that is sure to happen very soon. We should give her a couple more days before we have to intervene again. There's something else, she wasn't exactly unwilling to accompany us today. She said she would've loved to come with us, her appointment was more pressing, though." Charles grumbled, "I hope we don't have to stage another intervention. The last one was too intense for me. I have a great idea! If we must, next time we'll just lock the two of them in a room and throw away the key! Ha! Well love, let's go because we have a long way to go, we're going to good ol' Boston." "Boston!' Jane exclaimed, "I totally forgot! Now that you mention it, I kind of remembered something. I believe that's where Lizzy's headed, although I'm not one hundred percent sure. I think she mentioned it at one time." Charles chuckled, "Hey! Maybe we'll bump into her! Ha!" •••••••••• As expected, their friends were disappointed. They accepted it with forbearance because they understood it was too soon. In the way to the airport, they stopped to have breakfast. It was an unpleasantly cold morning; Lizzy had a thick jacket, a mask covering her mouth and nose, and a pair of oversized butterfly sunglasses Robbie had gifted her for her birthday. That's why they missed her when they passed close to her on their walk to the restaurant. Lizzy noticed them and quickly turned towards the parking lot. After they moved past her, she took a brief glance at them. When she saw Darcy, her heart did a flutter. She wanted to go straight to him and give him a gigantic hug and a fiery kiss! But then she had to answer questions about her destination, and she wasn't prepared to talk about it, not today. Today was the day of reckoning! Today was the day she would conquer her fears and wave the flag of victory! She could feel it! Then she would be worthy of him! Her brand new raised-top convertible was on the other side of the parking lot. She drove off and continued on her way to the airport. The moment she was settled on her seat, in the second row of a plane bound for Boston's Logan International, she fell asleep resting her head against the closed window. A few minutes later she was awakened by an attentive flight attendant who was unwrapping a new pillow. In a few more seconds after settling down again with her fresh cushion of fluffiness she returned to the waiting arms of Morpheus. Once again, her friends missed her on their way to the tenth and eleventh rows. Actually, they almost did. Mid-flight, Lizzy was awakened with a start by the same flight attendant. "Excuse me miss, pardon me again for my bad manners, are you Lizzy?" "Ugh? What?" "Lizzy, are you Lizzy?" "Yes, why?" "A gentleman in the tenth row asked me to give you this." Lizzy was going to turn back when the stewardess gestured her to stop. "He also told me that you might not be disposed to seek him out." Lizzy regarded her questioningly. The stewardess pointed to the piece of paper on her stretched hand. "This is for you. I'm supposed to wait for a response if you have one." She opened the paper and blushed upon reading it. She collected herself and with the pen she was given, scribbled a brief response and gave it to the stewardess with a grateful smile. "Can you do me one more favor? Could you bring me a new blanket, and can I buy it, along with this squishy pillow?" "Why of course dear!" The stewardess left, very discreetly gave Charles the note, and brought a new blanket back to Lizzy. "Thank you very much for your kindness. You're an asset to this airline!" "Glad to be of service. Although I insist again that you both didn't have to tip me, I'm grateful because with yours and your friend's very generous 'bonuses', you've both made my day, no, my week!" They both grinned. Once again that morning, Lizzy's heart began to flutter while at the same time she was resisting a strong temptation to go to him. Her guilt-ridden mind, though, wouldn't let her body act on her utmost desire. 'Oh God, I want to be with him so bad! No, I need to focus! I can't get distracted from my goal. After I complete my mission, I'll seek him out. But not today. I need to do this on my own. So, they're going to Boston, what a coincidence! Although not so much, they're from Boston after all, I guess they must have many friends there.' The instant the plane taxied to the terminal and the exit door opened, Lizzy was the first passenger out, her head covered with the blanket. She ran to the taxi area and finally could breathe freely on her way out of the airport. •••••••••• Earlier that morning, when they were boarding the plane, they were all facing forward except for Charles who was attending to something Jane was telling him, and almost stumbled on the second row. When he spotted Lizzy, he was going to wake her up and tell the others, but then he remembered the way she was concealed in the morning on the way out of the restaurant when Jane recognized her. She had mentioned it to Charles and they had agreed that they shouldn't interfere. Lizzy should have the right to hide or come forward whenever and wherever she wanted. They decided to alert her of their presence just in case. When they saw her leave shielding her face with a blanket in one hand while juggling a pillow and a backpack in the other hand, they smiled in resignation. Twenty minutes later Richard was driving out of Boston Logan in a large van fitted with second and third row captain chairs and a wide seat at the end. On the way to their destination, Richard was telling the others about the people they were going to visit that morning. "Our friend's name is Julia Metcalfe, a Boston native whose family hails from England. She's over seventy years old but she still has, and I quote, a strong constitution and a sharp mind! Ha! The Metcalfes have been acquainted with the Fitzwilliams for many generations. She's married to Rafael Grafals, a second-generation Hispanic who made a fortune in Wall Street. He's been retired for some years now. For many decades, he was the manager of a mutual fund for one of the big Banks. With his outstanding talent to pick the right stocks, he beat the performance of the market consistently allowing him to make millions for himself and his clients. My father and my uncle," he pointed to Darcy, "had sizable investments in his fund and they were very happy with Ralph. Our shrewd Aunt, the former Queen of Rosings, was given the opportunity and was highly encouraged to invest by her siblings. Guess what she did? She did nothing! She wouldn't trust her money in the hands of a 'lowly foreigner'. So, she missed the opportunity to make loads of cash! Another example of our Aunt's many foolish decisions and poor judgement, which Anne pointed out the day of our wedding. When Ralph retired, our parents moved their investments elsewhere." Richard turned into Charles Street, cutting across the Boston Public Garden, the first public botanical garden in the United States of America. As they were admiring the views of the park and enjoying witty boasts from Charles about his famous street, they finally arrived at their destination, Beacon Hill, one of Boston's most charming and oldest neighborhoods. "I haven't seen Ralph in almost six years," Richard went on, "I remember something he once told me about his grandson from his daughter. He was grooming him to follow in his footsteps. The boy's father was opposed to the idea of having his boy follow his grandpa. He wanted his son to focus on the real estate firm he was to inherit along with his sister, who was very young at the time. So far Grandpa seems to be winning the battle for the boy, who should be now in his mid-twenties. I lost track of Julia and Ralph after all my travels with the military. When I called her last week, she was all graciousness and insisted in inviting us to visit them. Aunt Anne was a good friend of their daughter. They were inseparable when they were young. Regrettably, as a consequence of her selective amnesia, she doesn't remember anything about the Grafals. We're hoping meeting them again will somehow help stimulate her memory." Mrs. Darcy continued his story. "Apparently their daughter and I were best friends since grade school. After we married our respective spouses, she moved away and I also left Boston. Eventually, we somehow drifted apart. As Richard just mentioned, I can't recall a single detail about her or her family, a lingering effect of my condition. I'm only repeating what Richard and his parents told me a few days ago." The others remained silent, each one lost in their own thoughts. •••••••••• Jane had been amazed to find out where they were going. It was such a happy coincidence that the Darcys were acquainted with the Grafals. What a small world! She wondered if this was also where Lizzy was headed. Although, if it was, why the cloak and dagger activities? The secretive Lizzy making her rounds again! This could potentially become a morning of surprises. Charles' mind was more agreeably engaged. He was reflecting on his good fortune, to have secured such a delightful, such a gorgeous, such an extraordinary woman. He couldn't wait to have her all to himself! When Richard had mentioned to Charlotte earlier that week the couple they were going to visit on Sunday, she became suspicious at her curiously clever husband. "Honey, I think you know way more than you're telling me. Are you a clairvoyant? How do you know so much?" Richard laughed. "Yes, I'm a psychic my love. I also happen to have friends in high places. Don't ask me who because you know what they say: if I tell you, I have to…" He whispered something in her ear, lightly brushing his lips on her earlobe, causing her to squeal with pleasure. He took her in his arms, and before taking her to their room, he added, "I have a big prediction my love. Sunday will be a day full of revelations! Let's call it the Boston Surprise. We'll just be casual spectators." All week long, Charlotte had been concerned about the implications of this impromptu visit while Richard was adamant. He convinced her it was time. Even though she had agreed with him, now that they were getting closer to the house, she began to doubt the wisdom of this enterprise. Richard turned into a narrow street in Beacon Hill passing by a parked black SUV with heavily tinted windows. The uneven cobblestone paved street was wide enough for two cows to walk alongside one another. It was lined with brick row homes brandishing brown shutters with window boxes and outdoor planters filled with colorful flower arrangements. The relatively wide sidewalks, paved with bricks, were decked with vintage gas-lit lamp posts. Richard slowed down, opened his window, and waved to a man who was reclined against a wall on the side of the street reading a magazine. The man, who was wearing a black suit with a Red Sox baseball cap, dark aviator glasses and a headset, ignored Richard's salute. Charlotte was going to ask him why he did that, when at that moment they reached the end of the street and Richard stepped on the brakes of the van compressing everyone against their seat belts. Charles reacted. "What's going on Richard? Are you distracted waving at strangers?" •••••••••• Richard didn't respond because he was gaping at someone across the street right in front of them. There was a young woman with a backpack walking on the sidewalk in the direction of the Grafals residence which was now visible in front of them. When they saw her, they were startled! The flustered lady was walking very fast. Her rosy cheeks were flushed from the tightness in her face and her long soft curls were dancing furiously on her back. She was gesturing with her hands and moving her mouth as if she was rehearsing a speech. She was so lost in her ruminations that she didn't notice the van that had abruptly stopped across the street from her. She kept walking in the direction of the house while the people in the van watched her, mesmerized by her odd behavior. She was going to knock on the door, but then she paused, put her hands on her back, and began to pace back and forth with obvious distress. Darcy couldn't hold his anxiety any longer, so he exited the van, crossed the street and stood in front of the young lady. "Elizabeth, are you okay? Is there anything I can do to ease your stress?" Lizzy was so wrapped up in her internal struggle that when she saw him, she jumped in surprise. When she recognized him, without thinking, she ran, put her arms around him and buried her head on his shoulder. Third time turned out to be the charm for Lizzy, who in the end couldn't resist the temptation to calm the fluttering of her heart. They remained in that position for a while, and to be honest, Darcy didn't want the moment to end; he would have gladly remained embraced with her forever. His sense of duty overcame his desires and he separated her and looked her in the eye. "Elizabeth, do you know the Grafals?" "Yes." "Judging by your earlier 'routine', it would be safe to assume that something is wrong with your relationship with them at the moment. Am I right?" "Yes." "Without attempting to pry into your personal life, I'm going to ask you one question about the nature of your difficulty. Is it something that can be fixed?" "That's why I'm here, to try to fix it." "Elizabeth, I want you to understand this. Notwithstanding my inexcusable actions in the past, I promised myself I would never let you down again. I'll always protect you and won't let anyone harm you. Do you trust me?" Lizzy responded without hesitation. "Yes, very much!" And then she added with a hint of curiosity, "Are you coming to visit them?" "Yes, the Grafals are old friends of my family." "They are?" She exclaimed surprised. "Certainly, do you want to come with us?" "Yes! Can I stay with you?" "By all means! You don't even have to say it." Lizzy buried her head in his shoulder once again and remained with him. A few minutes later their much-rejoiced friends joined them, wisely refraining from making any remarks about what they had witnessed and were currently observing. Charles silently went straight to Lizzy, took her backpack, and put it on his back. Richard, smiling from ear to ear addressed her. "Lizzy, do I have your permission to call on our friends?" She acquiesced with a timid nod remaining in Darcy's embrace, while Richard reached for the old-fashioned brass knocker on the magnificently crafted door. •••••••••• As the Grafals were expecting them, the door opened after the first knock. They entered the house and were ushered into a large elevator by an old housekeeper. Lizzy hid her face in Darcy's shoulder to avoid being recognized by the kindly old woman, who was thinking, 'You don't have to hide behind that handsome man my dear child, I can recognize your glorious soft curls anywhere! My, you've made an excellent match my dear. What a loving couple you both make! Oh, to be young again!' The elevator doors slid open on the second floor of a spacious living room with vaulted ceilings decorated with vintage furniture and classical landscape paintings on the walls. The soft, natural-looking illumination from the large open windows made the room seem very cozy in spite of all the sophistication. An elegantly dressed, slim, dignified older lady with short gray hair, a handsome visage, and an inviting expression in her soft eyes, was waiting for them in the middle of the room with a smile on her face. When Mrs. Darcy saw her, she moved to her side with Georgiana and gave her a warm embrace. "Mrs. Grafals, Julia, I want to thank you very much for agreeing to see us despite our odd estrangement." "Don't you worry about that Annie, I understand perfectly. Richard explained the circumstances. I'm delighted to see you again after all these years, even if you don't remember me. If I can be of any service to help with your recovery, I'll be more than willing to assist in anything you need." "Thank you, Julia, my doctor had recommended to revisit some of the places and the people who were important to me in my past. I'm glad Richard remembered about you." "My house will always be open to you Annie. Come closer. You have to forgive this old lady who's almost blind. Ralph is not feeling well this morning, he's resting now; he'll try to come down later this morning to greet you all. He surely needs the distraction because lately he has been in a gloomy mood. Especially on Sundays!" When Lizzy heard that, she shuddered, remaining in Darcy's comforting embrace. "In the meantime, you'll have to put up with this old bag to entertain you. Who's this beautiful girl with you? Don't tell me this is your daughter? Come closer so I can see you. My, you're so beautiful! You look so much like a younger Annie. What's your name, dear?" "Georgiana." "Georgiana? What a clever name!" They hugged and exchanged more pleasantries. Then Julia continued, "Where's my boy Richard? Is that you over there? Come here this instant you rascal! I'm cross with you! Why haven't you returned to visit your friends? After all these years all I got was this one phone call out of the blue. Why did you forget us?" "I'm so sorry Julia, my military career forced me to travel so much that I lost track of some of my best friends. Owing to my Aunt's circumstance, I found the perfect opportunity to renew my acquaintance with you. I hope Ralph is okay, I'm looking forward to seeing him again. Now, I would like to introduce to you my brand new and beautiful wife Charlotte." "Charlotte, so nice to meet you. Come here, let me look at you, give me a hug. You're so pretty! You look familiar, do we know each other?" Lizzy shuddered again when she heard that. Richard ignored Julia's question and went on with the introductions. "This is our good friend Charles and his fiancée, Jane." "Come closer you two. Give this old woman a hug. You are a beautiful-looking couple! My, you're so gorgeous! Do you already have a date set for your wedding?" "Yes, July of this year." "Ah, July is a splendid time for a lovely wedding. I wish you both the best of happiness." "Thank you." "Annie, I believe we're missing your very handsome and shy little boy William, is it that tall man who stayed by the entrance with his girlfriend? William, are you hiding from me? Come here, I need a hug from you! I'm sure your girlfriend's not going to be jealous of this old woman!" Darcy whispered in a low voice to Lizzy, "I'll be right back." He went and gave Julia a warm embrace exchanging more pleasantries. Only Lizzy remained to be introduced to Julia and Darcy began, "Julia, there's another person with us who may perhaps be familiar to you? I understand there was some sort of misunderstanding between the two of you. Although we don't know the nature of your disagreement, please allow me to tell you the following. Everyone here wholeheartedly and unconditionally vouch for her respectability and her integrity. I hope that whatever differences you may have in the past can be set aside today." "What are you talking about? What kind of misunderstanding, what disagreement? Who is that young lady? Do I know her?" Lizzy had her head down; she was trembling and was afraid to approach Julia. Mrs. Darcy came to Lizzy, took her by the hand and lifted her head. "Elizabeth, please keep in mind that we're here to support you. No matter what happens, you have us to protect you. You're not alone. Please come with me." •••••••••• Lizzy nervously moved forward with Mrs. Darcy. The second she came close enough to be recognized, Julia gasped violently. Both her civility and decorum were overturned in a flash. "You! What are you doing here? Who let you in? I want you to leave this house this very second!" Darcy intervened. "Please Mrs. Grafals; Elizabeth just wants an audience with you. I feel the need to reiterate my earlier assertion; we all firmly vouch for her good character. Would it be possible for you to give her the opportunity to state her case?" "No! It won't be possible! She made herself very clear the last time we spoke! I want her to leave now!" "Mrs. Grafals," Darcy insisted, "I beg you to at least let her say her peace. Would you please give her the opportunity?" "No I won't! You take her away from this house! She's an..." "Mrs. Grafals!" Darcy stood in front of the lady blocking Lizzy's view, "I won't tolerate you to slight Elizabeth! If you don't want to listen to her, then you don't deserve to hear what she has to say!" "Are you going to take the side of this ingrate, unfeeling, uncaring young woman?" "Elizabeth is none of that I assure you! She's the most gracious, most kindhearted, most affectionate woman I know! I'm certain if you let her talk to you and she can explain herself you'll resolve your differences in no time!" "I don't want to talk to her! She's done enough damage to us! If you insist on defending her, I'd rather you leave and take her with you! She's a no-good..." "Stop! Don't you dare insult Elizabeth! You're not worthy of her! We're leaving now! Goodbye!" Julia was surprised at this young man's strong reaction. Darcy took Lizzy's hand and began to escort her to the elevator. Lizzy, inspired and humbled by William's firm defense of her, decided to act. She stopped him, went directly in front of Julia, kneeled down, put her hands together in supplication, and began to utter in a loud cry. "I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm a horrible person! I'm a despicable human being! I don't deserve you! I'm so ashamed for hurting you! But I need you so bad! Please forgive me! I love you so much! And I miss you so much! Please forgive me! I'll do anything! I won't be able to live with myself if you don't forgive me! Please! I beg you! Please! Please! Please!" Lizzy kept sobbing, grabbing on to Julia's feet while everyone stood there stunned! After a few seconds, Julia underwent a complete reversal of her feelings. She was also crying and went straight to Lizzy, lifted her up and gave her a big embrace. They remained in that position for a long time, leaving everyone dumbfounded. 'What in blazes is going on here?' "Please forgive me Abuelita! I love you and I miss you so much!" "My precious baby, you don't have any idea how much pain you've caused us! I just… I just can't let you go now that I have you. I love you more than words can say! There's nothing for me to forgive. You were not yourself when you uttered those hurtful words to us way back when. It's just that you took me by surprise today and all I could think was all the pain and the hurt we've experienced all these years because of your stubbornness. I've been dreaming of this moment for such a long time that now I don't know if I'm awake or if I'm dreaming!" "I'm so sorry Abuelita, I love you so much! Please say it! I want to hear that you forgive me!" Julia smiled with tears in her eyes. "Ok, I'll forgive you only on one condition." "I'll do anything!" "You have to promise me never to abandon us! Now that you're back, I don't want to lose you ever again." "I promise Abuelita! Oh, I promise! I love you so much!" They remained embraced, still crying, for a long time, until Julia came out of her reverie. "I apologize for my bad manners, today I have been granted my greatest wish in a very long time and I'm still overwhelmed with joy! I'm so grateful to you all for providing the means for my baby to come back to me. Especially to you, my dear William, your defense of my baby was remarkable! What a wonderful surprise! Now I beg you to excuse us, we'll have to be more ill-mannered because I'm taking my baby right this very second to my husband who already has lost these five minutes of heaven on earth. We promise to return soon." Before they stepped on the elevator, Lizzy whispered something to Julia and moved directly in front of William. He, like everyone present, had been thrown off balance with the scene they had just witnessed. Lizzy went to him, gave him a big hug, kissed him soundly on the lips, and told him, "Thank you for proving your constancy. I love you, my dearest William!" •••••••••• When Lizzy and Julia left on the elevator, Jane noticed that Mrs. Darcy had turned pale and was about to faint. She immediately went to her and supported her until she was seated on a chair. When the others realized what had happened, they all went to Mrs. Darcy. Georgiana took her hands. "Mom, are you okay? What's wrong? You look like you saw a ghost! Will! Come here! Help me!" Darcy was lost in his own world, indulging in a long-held fantasy. 'She loves me! She kissed me with passion! I'm stealing her when she comes back! We'll escape to our own secret island somewhere in the...' His sister's cries snapped him back to reality. When he saw his mother, he became instantly alarmed. He ran and kneeled in front of her. "Mom! What happened? Are you having a stroke? Do we have to call an ambulance? Mom?" Mrs. Darcy slowly opened her eyes. "I'm fine, son. I need a minute to recover." After a few minutes, she slowly gained back some of her color and then began to speak. "I have recovered a part of my memory. Somewhere in my subconscious, I suspected Lizzy was familiar, I remember a photo of her mom I saw in her apartment a few months ago..., somehow I recognized her but I'm afraid I never made the connection. I couldn't because my memory of her was suppressed. Until now, when this pent-up segment of my memory rushed back to me. I just felt as if a giant wave had enveloped me! All the drama and the tension between Lizzy and Julia brought me back to Sylvia..." She drank some of the water that was brought to her by the very efficient housekeeper. After a few more minutes, she calmed down. "Charlotte, Jane, I have two questions for you. The first one should be easy to answer; do you happen to know Lizzy's middle name?" "Arlene!" they both uttered in unison. Georgiana gasped! "Yes, my love, that's also my middle name. And your middle name, Rose, that's from the former Miss Sylvia Rose Grafals, better known as Mrs. Sylvia Benes. When we were children, we made this promise to each other. And we kept it! I just remembered something else! Where was it? I know, come with me." With her children's assistance, she moved to the far end of the living room, near the hallway. There were many photographs on the wall. After a while, she could stand by herself and began to search the photos. There were countless photographs of Lizzy and Robbie when they were young, and photos of Lizzy's parents. Mrs. Darcy pointed to a small photo of a little boy of seven sitting on a couch and holding a baby in his arms. The little boy was smiling proudly. When Darcy saw a recent photo of Lizzy's father, he drew back and returned to the sitting area. Mrs. Darcy addressed the others. "This is my little boy, William, holding Lizzy, a few weeks after she was born. I now remember that day so vividly! That was the last time our families were together in this house. Sylvia and I were inseparable; we were as close as sisters since we began grade school and maintained our friendship after we graduated. I visited her estate in Puerto Rico when she got married and when she had Robbie. After a few years though, we drifted apart. She had her busy life back in the island and I had mine in DC. We kept in touch as much as possible, mostly by mail. When my George became sick, we limited our contact. Last time I remember seeing her, it was a few weeks after the death of George, she came alone to see me and we went to a restaurant in DC. I remember us talking about our children. She was so proud of her two babies, as she called them. We promised to try to see each other more frequently. We even planned to have a reunion with our families here in this house. But that was before I had my stroke. It saddens me to realize now, since I lost my memory of her, I never wrote to Sylvia to confirm our reunion. I was supposed to contact her for the details! Oh, she must have thought the worst of me!" Charlotte said, "Oh no, Mrs. Darcy, I had the privilege of knowing Mrs. Benes very well, and she was the sweetest of souls, she never had anything bad to say about anyone. I'm convinced she would have forgiven you heartily considering the circumstances." "Thank you Charlotte, that's how I remember her too. We had our own silly nicknames. She was 'Silly-Rose', and I was 'Annie-Lean'. Ha! The things I'm remembering! Now, for the second question. Knowing Lizzy's father the way I remember him now, he was an exceedingly private person. It would be likely that he may have you both in some sort of gag order. If this is the case, I understand if you don't want to be completely honest, just answer me this. Do you both know Lizzy's real status?" Darcy was pacing the living room thinking, trying to organize his ideas. He was now aware that Elizabeth had to be better-off than she had always claimed to be. As the granddaughter of the Grafals alone, she had to be exceedingly wealthy. When he spotted her father, after the initial surprise, he was angered! Charlotte answered Mrs. Darcy. "When I met Lizzy for the first time, we were freshmen at Georgetown University. She was too naïve and too trusting. After only a few questions, she gave me a detailed account of her family's immense wealth. To me, a total stranger. I immediately decided to help her and the first thing I did was to advise her to hide her real status in order to protect her from opportunists, fortune hunters, and other greedy, sleazy people. Her family agreed with me and I have kept her secret until today. I know it cannot be concealed anymore, especially since Mrs. Darcy must remember everything about her family by now." "Yes, right after high school, I went to Georgetown, and she went to the University of Miami. When she completed her degree, she married the wealthy heir of a real estate corporation from Puerto Rico and moved to the island." Richard took up the conversation. "The Beneses have been landowners in Puerto Rico for many generations. Lizzy's dad, Señor Tomás Benes, is a Real Estate tycoon; he owns a number of hotels and resorts in Florida and Puerto Rico. They are currently looking to expand throughout the Caribbean and Central America. They also own other businesses in the real estate industry. The name of the company is BRECO, Benes Real Estate Corporation. You've probably heard of it, Will." Will was baffled. "I've never... Why? Should I have? Why is it that you seem to know so much about Elizabeth's family and you didn't share any of that with me when I asked you?" "Sorry cousin, there were some extenuating circumstances which I can explain to you later. Now the secret is out. Suffice to say, Lizzy's family fortune is worth more than both of the Fitzwilliam's and the Darcy's combined." Darcy's mind was reeling. He thought of Lizzy's exceptional talents, her extraordinary singing voice, and her piano mastery. Now he understood why Lizzy wasn't in a renowned music school, or in Broadway of all places. In his first proposal, he recollected the way he insulted her, especially when he pointed out her lack of money, to the point of insinuating that she was in debt! He was making a fool of himself with this exceedingly wealthy lady, way wealthier than himself! 'After everything that happened between us, why would she keep this from me? And when was she going to tell me? Why didn't she share with me information which was so essential? And her father! What was his play? Are there other secrets I don't know about her or her family? How does this change my relationship with her? I have to think about this.' •••••••••• As he was engaging in those thoughts, Julia returned to the room alone. "I apologize again for being such a terrible host. I'm still overwhelmed with happiness with my baby. I came downstairs to tell you that unfortunately my husband is feeling a little worst now. The shock of seeing his grandbaby has been a little too much for him. And now Lizzy won't leave his side. My poor baby, she's feeling so guilty for been away from us for so long. I feel I owe you an explanation of the misunderstanding we had with our Lizzy." "No Julia," Mrs. Darcy replied, "this is a family matter. We're happy you put your disagreements behind and now you're on good terms. That's all that matters to us." "Please allow this old lady this indulgence. I must tell you. I don't want you to think unkindly of my baby." She paused and sat down. "When my dearest Sylvia died, we couldn't go to the funeral because Ralph had to be admitted to the hospital. So we had to remain here in Boston, with our hearts broken, unable to say goodbye to our precious child. We have been so wretched to have lost both of our children. I would've given all my possessions, even my life had God given me the opportunity to keep them alive. It was his will, though, and we have to abide by it." She paused again in order to compose herself. "A few days after the funeral, we received a surprise visit from Lizzy. I was so happy to see her and was going to embrace her when she erupted in anger. She accused us of being responsible for the death of her mother. She said it was our faulty genes which caused her to die so young. She was beside herself. I wanted to hold her and to reason with her, but she wouldn't let me. She left, and the last thing she said was that she didn't want to see us ever again. We were devastated. We knew she was being irrational and absurd, we attributed it as a consequence of her grieving process, so we understood and we were patient. We gave her time to heal, to repent, and to come back to us. Fortunately, her brother Robbie remained steadfast to us. He always kept us updated with everything that was happening in Lizzy's life, sending us photos and videos. We were praying that Lizzy would realize her mistake and return to our lives. But she's so pig-headed! Just like her mama was! And now, finally, thanks to you, our baby's back. You know, she's been coming here almost every Sunday in the last few weeks, and she always turned back in shame. We were aware, it pained us greatly, but we didn't want to push her. It was your presence, or a special someone here, who gave her the strength to finally take a leap of faith. When I saw her this morning, I wasn't myself. I've been waiting for so long for this moment to happen, that I lost it! All I could think was the hurt we suffered because she wouldn't come to her senses! As much as my heart was crying for her, I wanted to hurt her for being so obstinate and for taking so long to come to us! I'm so grateful to all of you, especially you, my dear William... We're very selfish creatures because we're keeping her with us until tomorrow, she can skip her classes. I sincerely hope you'll remain in the area; I would like to invite you all for an early dinner tonight before your plane leaves. Can you please accept our invitation?" Mrs. Darcy looked at everyone and they all nodded. They had planned to have dinner at an exclusive restaurant in Boston, but this was more important for all. These were Lizzy's grandparents and they wanted to show their respect. "We'll be delighted. Thank you, Julia. I have some great news for you, although it can wait for tonight. Go back and enjoy your granddaughter, that's worth more than anything in the world! We'll see you tonight." •••••••••• In the way out of the Grafals' residence and into the van, they were all thinking about recent events. Charles playfully addressed Jane. "So my love, I thought we didn't have any secrets from each other, were you also in the loop about Lizzy's real status?" Jane blushed, but she knew Charles was being playful about it. "I always suspected that Lizzy had to come from money, but I wasn't informed of the whole truth until last January after she returned from her vacation in Puerto Rico, when she told me herself. I wanted to tell you, but I promised Lizzy." Charlotte interjected. "Good for you Jane. Lizzy intended to come clean to you a couple of years ago; she had plans to try to convince her parents. Sadly, her mom passed away at that same time, and her father became almost paranoid about Lizzy's security. He almost didn't let her return to Georgetown! For reasons known to you, he insisted in keeping her secret. It took two more years for Lizzy to finally convince him to allow her to share with you. Her dad is a 'tiny bit' protective of his baby! And Robbie is likewise!" Charles mused, "I remembered when it was speculated that she worked for Longbourn Complex. I imagine she doesn't." Charlotte laughed, "You could say she does, she owns the place! So, she regularly goes to meetings to manage the apartment complex. At first, she was mad when her father bought her a whole building instead of just an apartment, which was what she wanted, but he appeased her by letting her assist him in the management. Although knowing Lizzy, the jogging trail around our beautiful park and the untamed woods behind her room were a bigger incentive for her! Ha! She took up the management responsibility enthusiastically. Imagine an 18-year-old unexperienced kid as the chief of a large staff of people. In the beginning, the Longbourn management team was reluctant to the idea of a youngster making important decisions. Little by little she won them over with her willingness to listen to them, her flexibility, her quickness in learning, and her generosity. They currently have a lot of respect for her and like her very much." "So, she didn't charge you rent, I would guess?" Jane and Charlotte blushed at Richard's statement. Again Charlotte responded. "Honey, you already know this, but for the benefit of everyone else, I'll answer your imprudent question. Initially, I was reluctant to move in with Lizzy, but Robbie convinced me by telling me that I was very important in Lizzy's life as a connection between her and the rest of the family. Lizzy doesn't know this, please don't betray me, I was sort of a guardian slash friend, I have a direct line to both Robbie and Mr. Benes. They never paid me, I insisted that I was doing this because Lizzy is my friend and I love her and I want the same thing that they do, her happiness. I paid a regular monthly rent for my room, which Robbie has been investing in the stock market in my name. He may not be a wizard like his grandfather but I hear he's doing a heck of a job! Now I have a healthy sum of money in the bank. Jane has the same arrangement, although she didn't know she had it until last January. She didn't want to accept but Lizzy convinced her because we're more like sisters than friends. With my charming husband's support and assistance, I'm giving most of that money to my family to help with my younger sibling's education, so it came in handy. We named it, The Longbourn Fund for Higher Education," she ended playfully. Georgiana said. "I wonder how Caroline will feel when she finds out about Lizzy's real status. I would love to see her reaction." "I believe she knows," Charles replied. "The other day she was telling me and Luisa that she had found out some monumental information about 'Eliza', but she couldn't tell us because she had been sworn to secrecy by a friend. Imagine our surprise, Caroline kept a secret! That was a shocker to us!" "What's more shocking is to find out she has a friend!" "Georgiana Darcy!" Mrs. Darcy exclaimed, but then she let a smile come to her lips, and everyone exploded in fits of laughter. Except for Darcy, who had remained impassive throughout the car ride. "William, you're very quiet. Is something the matter? How do you feel about all of this?" "I don't know what to think mom. I prefer not to talk about it at present." "Oh dear, it seems you and Elizabeth are finally in the way of happiness. We know how much you love her, you proved yourself to her in the most unequivocal way today! And Elizabeth openly, and passionately, declared her feelings for you. There shouldn't be any more obstacles for both of you to overcome." Darcy raised his voice. "Yes there are! How about the fact that she lied to me! All this time she was playing games with me, making herself look like a peasant when in reality she was the Princess! No, not the princess, she was the Queen! And her father! Did you know that I met him a few months ago? Of course you knew cousin! You set me up! I was being ridiculed while you were laughing with them at my own expense! I feel used! I was betrayed by my own cousin!" "I'm sorry Will; it wasn't my story to tell. I urged Lizzy to come clean with you. I believe she meant to do just that, before the disaster at Rosings." "She had plenty of opportunities! But I guess in the end she didn't trust me. Even today, can you believe I was protecting her from her own flesh and blood? How utterly preposterous was that! I don't know what to think. I need time to process this new situation. Richard, stop the car." "Please son, can't you see the circumstances Elizabeth had to deal with? It wasn't her decision, there were other people involved. About today, I hope you're not implying that it was an act! I'm sure Lizzy was going to tell you. How could she not? She probably wanted to resolve her issue with her grandparents before coming to you. Today was just a happy coincidence." Darcy scoffed at Richard, "Was it? Cousin?" Mrs. Darcy pleaded with her son. "Please dear, don't let your pride interfere in your happiness!" "I really don't know what to think. I need to be alone, please give my excuses to the Grafals. Please say there was an emergency at the firm that called me back to DC. Goodbye." •••••••••• Dinner that evening was a sweet and sour affair for Lizzy. When she found out William wasn't part of the party, she immediately suspected something was wrong. She knew William had to know everything about her by now. If she was wondering what would've been his reaction, now she knew. It didn't look good. 'Why didn't I tell him when I had the opportunity? I just wanted to know him better. Oh, I think I made a terrible mistake. What can I do now?' Mrs. Darcy's excuses for her son couldn't assuage Lizzy's apprehension. The blissful state of her grandparents and the joy of remembrances of times past with her family served to temporarily ameliorate Lizzy's growing despondency. After dinner, Mrs. Darcy began relating stories of her adventures and escapades with Lizzy's mother. Her long suppressed memories were coming back fast like a cascade of falling dominoes! Georgiana was happy to see her mother so animated, as she hadn't seen her in years! It was so regrettable not to have Will there to witness her mother's transformation. Lizzy was surprised to learn of the close relationship of the two ladies. She knew her mother had some good friends back home, but she didn't recall many of them since they didn't visit often and when they went to Boston it was mostly to visit her grandparents. Mrs. Benes preferred to remain in Puerto Rico as much as possible where she entertained her friends. Lizzy was wondering why she never met the Darcys. She suspected her father knew more than he let known. Probably another instance of his excessive overprotection. Although she didn't understand why he would deem necessary to protect Lizzy from them. Another long conversation with her two guys was due! Mrs. Darcy took Lizzy to the family room to show her the photo of her son holding her. Lizzy had seen that photo many times but had never paid too much attention to it, since she only knew the boy as the son of a family friend. She was amazed to witness the love of her life already taking care of her as a baby. That photo now became her favorite. Had William been there in that moment, her happiness would've been complete. After Mrs. Darcy finished telling them about the photo, she remembered something else and sat down; all of a sudden she wasn't cheerful anymore. In fact, she became somber. "Mom, are you okay?" "No, I'm not... I just remembered..." She couldn't continue because she began to cry. Georgiana was too afraid to say anything. Everyone else surrounded them. Lizzy put her arms around Georgie while Julia hugged Mrs. Darcy. "Annie, it's okay, you probably remembered something sad. It's okay my child." "I just... I just..." She began to cry again. After a while, she regained her composure. "When I returned home from my illness, as part of my reminder treatment, I made an effort to reconnect with that part of my life which I had forgotten, by perusing old letters and studying old photos and other keepsakes. A few weeks after I began that trying exertion, my mental anguish was so profound due to the frustration at my failure to recall a single detail, that I gave up. I told my housekeeper to take everything I possessed from past acquaintances I didn't remember, and put them all away. I didn't want anything to do with any of it; the anguish was eating at my heart. Oh..." She had to stop because she began to cry again. They all waited patiently while Julia soothed her. "I now remember receiving letters from Sylvia every year, but they were never opened and much less, answered. It seemed she never gave up on me! Why didn't I look her up?" she uttered between sobs, "If only I would've come to her! She could've helped me remember! I also could've been with her during the last months when my poor Sylvia was in pain! I could've offered some support to her and to her family! But I was a coward! She needed me and I wasn't there for her!" Lizzy was hit like a thunderbolt! She was about to let loose her emotions when her grandfather surprised everyone by standing and relieving Georgiana from Lizzy's embrace. He remained soothing his granddaughter in silence, while Julia did the same for Mrs. Darcy. "There, there, my child, you have nothing to regret. You had your own issues to contend with. I know my baby would've forgiven you without reservation. We don't blame you, how could we? And you should never blame yourself! We won't allow it! Now I want you to try to remember some of the many pleasurable moments you two shared in this house. You were a couple of mischievous little girls, a very naughty pair if ever there was one! Do you remember the day you both came home completely soaked with your pants six inches deep in mud and you made a complete mess on my brand new carpet? Do you remember that? Or the day you both stole into my room, covered yourselves with my makeup, put on a couple of my oversized evening gowns, borrowed your brother's camera and took a bunch of photos? You both looked like the prettiest clowns ever! I think I still have some of those photos stashed somewhere in the house. What about the time you two painted the graffiti on my basement walls? Some of it is still there you know? Let's show everyone your 'artistic' creations!" •••••••••• Early on Monday Lizzy and her grandparents received the surprise visit of Robbie and their father. Lizzy coaxed her abuelito and abuelita into a trip to the historic Boston Common, the nation's oldest public park. Taking advantage of a cool New England spring morning, the whole family had a fun day like they used to in the past. Grandma and grandpa were stationed warmly on a bench watching their son-in-law and grandchildren play tennis. Around lunchtime, they all sat around in a picnic with a special plate of food brought by Mr. Benes for the occasion, a Paella de Mariscos a lo Boricua (Puerto Rican Style Seafood Paella). This tasty dish, adapted from the traditional Paella from Spain, was a favorite of Julia and Ralph. Back at the house, after a well-earned nap to allow their bodies to process the succulent food they partook of, Lizzy and Robbie entertained their relatives by singing their favorite oldies songs in English and Spanish accompanied by the piano and the saxophone. Lizzy gratified grandma by playing Franz Liszt's Hungarian Rhapsody No. 6. Just as her mother and herself, this song was her grandmother's favorite. As Lizzy was performing that melody with her usual technique and deep emotional involvement in the music, a magical event transpired. She transcended the music, virtually metamorphosing into an entirely different person, with some distressing consequences for her audience. Rather than causing pleasure to her relatives, the place turned into a public cry room! Robbie's treacherous mind transported him twenty years in the past to that very same spot where the piano was standing. His mother was playing that song while holding him on her lap. He was bouncing around as if he was in a carnival ride; they were playing a game of skill. One player was trying to hit the right keys at the right time with the right pressure, while the other player was trying not to fall down! He lost the game! He was falling... falling... Just a fraction of a second before banging the hard floor with his face, he felt the protecting embrace of his mother's arms. His mind snapped back to the present. His Mamita was so special! In that moment he realized how much he missed her! It was so unfair that she had to die so young! His future children would never get to play with their sweet Abuelita! 'My Mommy!' Lizzy's grandparents were smitten by the spellbinding similarity of this adorable girl with their long-lost child. Every look she gave, every expression she made, every movement of her body, every key she played with her delicate fingers brought them back many years to one particular moment when their precious baby was sitting right there, playing that same song in that same instrument with the same skill and passion. And now she was gone. She would never play for them again! All the pain came back in that moment so overwhelmingly! 'My sweet baby!' 'My precious child!' Mr. Benes was the most affected. He was alone in his house with his dazzling new wife. She was playing that song just for him while he sat next to her, relishing in her presence, inhaling her perfume. She looked him in the eye and winked, causing him to emit a low growl of pleasure. His darling Sylvia had the same effect on him for three decades! She had been gone for almost two and a half years, but his pain came to him fresh in that moment. He had to acknowledge his sad reality, he not only missed his wife, he needed her so much! But he would never hear her sweet voice again, or feel her soft skin, or gaze at her smiling face. His darling Sylvia was gone forever! 'Oh my darling, why did you leave me so soon?' Just as she was about to pound the keys in the powerful final part of the Rhapsody, she stopped abruptly and shouted, "¡Ya basta! ¡Si siguen llorando, nunca más volveré a tocar el piano!" (Enough! If you keep crying, I'll never again play the piano!) The room was suddenly stunned into silence. Lizzy waited a few minutes before coming at them with full force. "I know you two miss your daughter, and you miss your mommy, and you more than anyone, need your wife so very much... I miss my mommy too and I need her. But you have to believe me; she's right here right now in this very room. I can feel her spirit enveloping all of us! While I was playing, I could see her standing right there behind the two of you, smiling, with her hands gently caressing her beloved parent's shoulders. She was also cuddling you, her sweet baby boy, while filling you with kisses, like she used to do. She was sitting by you, dad, with her head on your shoulder, giving you that amorous glance and that special wink she always reserved just for you. She was here next to me, admiring and inspiring my performance. But now she's mad at all of you! You're being selfish, just thinking of yourselves! Of the pain you're suffering! That's not what my mommy wants. She wants us to feel her presence, to know she's here, to never forget she'll always be with us, in our minds and in our hearts. Every time we think of her she wants us to smile and to laugh. So you better heed my words or that will be my last performance ever!"
A/N: Hey! Remember me? I'm back. I have one quick comment about this chapter, which I feel the need to explain. Even if it seems as if an earth-shattering event will occur, fear not, it's not as bad as it looks. This is only a convenient setup for my ending. Nothing bad is going to happen to our heroes, it'll be just a few days of reflection and preparation for our beloved couple for the exhilarating finale. Perhaps I'll throw in an adventure for someone special. There, I just gave you a clue to the ending. Sorry for the spoiler. I examined my original draft, and it seems I have only five short chapters left, including two epilogues. Therefore, in reality I only have three more chapters. Although, knowing me, I'll rewrite, redraft, alter, and modify them so much, that it'll take forever and will be unrecognizable from my original text! I love redundancies! Ha! I hope you'll like this chapter and won't get too angry with me. Remember, my visualization of E and D from the past and from the present are JE and CF. There's a cameo of them on this chapter. I could continue editing this chapter forever, but the truth is that it will never be perfect. Even if I make infinite changes, I may make a mistake here or there. Oh well, I'm going to stop now. I hope there aren't any big boo-boos. Here's the next chapter, enjoy. •••••••••• Chapter 32 - Wonderful Tidings from London Every year after her birthday, Lizzy was used to the extreme hard work she had to endure at the end of the semester in preparation for the dreaded finals. This time it was special, though. This represented the culmination of four hard-fought years of dedicated effort towards the achievement of the first significant goal of her young life. She was rather melancholic, but at the same time, she was looking forward to the end of this stage of her life and the beginning of the next. She had been accepted to a couple of excellent Law schools. Her final choice was on the air for now, depending on a personal issue she needed to resolve before initiating her next adventure. That Saturday was going to be her last day at Bell Multicultural School. Together with her staff, she had organized a special ceremony to honor the students from the One World Youth Project class, especially the seniors who had been with her these four years. She was very proud of her students, one of them in particular, Monica Carter, who, when they met, was a feisty, unruly troublemaker. Thanks to Monica, the first Saturday teaching alone at OWYP became a humiliating experience for Lizzy. For some reason, Monica took an immediate dislike of her. She began to interrupt the class, insulting Lizzy openly and instigating the other students to follow her example. Lizzy withstood the abuse with equanimity until she couldn't take it anymore! She went straight to Monica, took her by the shoulders, and forcibly removed her from the classroom. The other students were amazed at seeing this tall and svelte white Puerto Rican dragging with ease the seemingly sturdier but deceptively weaker African-American girl. Monica was insulting Lizzy, cursing at her, and threatening to inflict bodily damage. Lizzy never lost her composure. Once she removed Monica, before closing the door on her, and with a self-assured calmness, she told her, loud enough so the whole class could hear, "This is a voluntary class for you and for me, if you're not interested in learning what I'm teaching, you can just stay out. If you want to return, you'll only be allowed on my classroom if you sit quietly and show me the respect I deserve!" A couple of years later, Lizzy had finally confessed to Monica that she had been terrified of her, but she put a brave face out of naive courage. After Monica was gone, the class ran smoothly for Lizzy. The other students began to like her, as Lizzy filled them with awe with her narrations and descriptions of her adventures in her enchanting island. During the succeeding weeks, she opened worlds to them that they didn't know existed. In no time, Lizzy became their favorite teacher. Of course, the goodies and small gifts Lizzy would bring each Saturday helped to increase her popularity. She took special care to prepare elaborate video and audio presentations to keep her students enthralled for the duration of her classes. A couple of weeks after her clash with Lizzy, Monica returned to the classroom accompanied by her concerned mother, and apologized to Lizzy in front of everyone. This time she behaved much better. If she strayed, the other students, now partial to Lizzy, would help to straighten her out. Eventually, by giving to Monica what she needed most, attention, Lizzy won her over, and the rest is history. Monica turned out to be a great success story. Thanks to Lizzy's mentoring, good advice, and encouragement, and following her own mother's example of hard work and responsibility, Monica overcame the big challenges of her age. She did a great job in High School resulting in the award of a full academic scholarship to Ohio State University, where she intended to become a psychiatrist. Yes, her father's current predicament influenced her career choice. She was going in style with a brand-new car, a graduation gift from her proud 'big sister'. It has to be acknowledged that Monica provided an invaluable service to Lizzy as well. She educated the older girl in the ways of a world that was unknown to her. There was an incident in Lizzy's life which proved the knowledge she gained from Monica to be of vital importance. It might have saved her life! Monica's mom finally allowed Lizzy's father to do something for her. Faced with the tough decision to part from her dear daughter, she accepted the 'loan' of a comfortable home in Columbus, a new minivan, and a generous paying job so she could have more time with her younger children. Mr. Benes helped her find a position as manager in a hotel owned by a business acquaintance. Mrs. Carter had insisted that she was going to pay back Mr. Benes for the house and the car. No one doubted she would. •••••••••• That Saturday, the entire OWYP staff and the students together with their families, were gathered at the school auditorium. Lizzy began the ceremony by introducing and acknowledging the staff, along with the ever-present source of wisdom and advice, the university champion, Dr. Linda Woods. Then they proceeded to award prizes and recognitions to the students and to the most active volunteer parents. When the last parent was recognized, a big screen suddenly came to life behind the stage displaying a video feed of their partner school, the 'Centro Educativo Campoverde', from Asunción, Paraguay, where the students were also reunited in their assembly hall. This was followed immediately by a wild uproar from both sides of the Americas, as they euphorically greeted one another. After the cheers died down, the screen changed to display a slideshow and video presentation, with a small corner window showing the students from Campoverde. They included highlights of the four years of their partnership while Lizzy was there. Lizzy was narrating in English and Spanish as the students from both schools were enjoying recalling their past interactions, discussions and learning experiences. The biggest cheers were reserved for the photos and videos of the two encounters the students from both schools had experienced in the last couple of years. Two summers ago, an 'anonymous' benefactor had sponsored a ten-day trip for the Bell students and their parents and the OWYP staff to visit the city of Asunción. They stayed in a hotel in the city. The Campoverde students and their parents gave them a tour of the country, played games with them, and most importantly, provided an invaluable experience of the Paraguayan customs, culture and traditions. It goes without saying that the anonymous benefactor was invited to participate by his grateful daughter. Robbie also joined them in Paraguay. Last summer the same benefactor brought the Campoverde students to Washington DC to partake in a comparable experience in the nation's Capital. •••••••••• Once the activities were concluded, Lizzy thanked everyone and was about to close the ceremonies, when Monica interrupted her. "Lizzy, before we go home, can you wait a bit longer? We have a little something for you guys." The OWYP staff received Recognition Plaques from the appreciative students and their parents. For the last order of business, a group of senior Bell students, led by Monica, presented Lizzy with an oversized farewell card. Inside there were photos, illustrations, postcards, and drawings. The students had made a giant scrapbook for Lizzy containing memories of the four years they had been together. On top, they had written in bold letters, Lizzy's favorite 'motivational' tool, 'Do you promise? We promise, Lizzy!' If they expected laughter or at least smiles from Lizzy, there were disappointed. Instead, they received tears. Monica embraced her. After a few minutes, she recovered and thanked them for the precious card. "I'm sorry for being such a silly crying girl. Thank you very much! I love you and I already miss you. I have no doubt that you'll be very successful in your future careers and in your personal lives. You're going to make me exceedingly proud! Therefore, as I've told you a thousand times, mind your p's and q's and keep your nose to the grindstone!" With a playful teasing she added, "Do you promise?" "We promise, Lizzy!" •••••••••• After the fateful day of revelations at the Grafals in Boston, Darcy had been firm in his avoidance of anything having to do with Elizabeth. His mother, his sister, Charles and Richard had tried to intercede on her behalf, but he was persistent in his refusal to even mention her name. His custom reply when they brought her up was "I have to think about it. I'll let you know when I'm ready to discuss it." With Richard in particular, he had a heated argument. No, it hadn't been about Elizabeth. It had been about trust and loyalty. After a distressing week, Darcy set out on an extended trip to manage his overseas accounts. He could have sent someone else, as in his chief marketing executive. However, his mission was threefold. Primarily, he was aware that his overseas customers appreciated when the CEO gave them special treatment with his own personal touch, and his employees on those countries could update him more effectively in eye-to-eye meetings. This was the business justification for the trip. Secondly and most prominently on his mind, it would give him a much-needed respite from his busy-bodied relatives and friends to reflect on the new circumstances of his life. This could only be done in solitude, without the unceasing meddling of his well-meaning but predisposed connections. Thirdly, he needed to have a face-to-face encounter with a certain person, to get some answers and, depending on his ultimate decision, to obtain some assurances. This would be accomplished in the last part of his trip. His first few days away from home were spent in Australia, where his firm had established a number of accounts assisting in the development of various businesses related with the continuously growing knowledge based and high tech industries. As one of his first decisions when he was an incipient CEO, Darcy had personally selected those firms among a number of prospective partners. The first time he visited Australia, he had felt green and wasn't one hundred percent confident of the decisions he had made. Now, looking back and considering the results, he was proud to learn that they had been sound decisions, which had withstood the test of time. The information and telecommunications technology sectors in Australia were thriving and his brilliant partners were making excellent choices to advance in this industry. He spent the next two weeks interacting with his associates throughout Europe. He completed his business trip on his second favorite country, the United Kingdom. After his meetings were concluded, he indulged in a four-day vacation in the county of Derbyshire, the land of his ancestors. Derbyshire was located in the central part of England in the region known as the East Midlands. He remembered the tales his grandfather used to tell him about the thousands of deer roaming freely around that region for thousands of years until the land was settled. Grand papa's tales we're so vividly imprinted on his memory that the first time he visited Derbyshire as a little boy, he expected to find a forest full of Bambies and Thumpers! Pemberley, the largest country estate of Derbyshire, had been owned by many generations of the Darcy family. Pemberley was currently leased to a charitable trust responsible for the management and maintenance of the estate, Pemberley Trust. They hosted very popular tours to folks interested in the historic stone building, the garden adjacent to the house, the ten mile round park containing the lake, and the wooded hiking trails behind the property. One of the main attractions were the old-fashioned phaetons used to give rides around the long park. The family wing and other areas of the main house were off-limits to the public; they were reserved exclusively for the Darcys. The stable, where they raised a number of native horse breeds, was renovated when Darcy was a little boy. This stable was a source of pride for him as it had been for his father. He arrived during the night, when he was enthralled, as it always happened to him, by the breathtaking view in the opposite side of the valley, of the imposing house with its many illuminated windows. It was the most outstanding work by the greatest artist in the universe! A perfect picture of a magnificent mansion framed by a tranquil lake on the front, soft-wooded hills on the sides, and a starry night sky above. There was no need for artificial ornamentations; they were provided by nature. After breakfast the following morning, he went straight to the stable to visit his favorite horse, a Cleveland Bay named Astrophil. Darcy was proud of this horse, a member of Britain's oldest established breed. A Darcy family lore told a history about how one the Darcy Masters had brought to Pemberley a very special horse, whose father was a purebred Arabian Mannicka colt, which had been brought to a stable in the county of Cleveland, located in the northern district of Yorkshire, where this new breed was first established. The Darcys acquired a number of Cleveland mares in order to preserve this breed as well, which later took the name from that county where the original Mannicka was bred and for its color (reddish brown with black mane, tail, and lower legs). In a summer morning seven years ago, Darcy was visiting Pemberley with his family when this purebred was born. That day Darcy had proudly assisted the stablemate and the veterinarian in the birth of the baby foal. Mrs. Darcy named the lovely newborn suckling for a character in a sonnet written by one of England's most famous personages, Sir Philip Sidney, a poet, soldier, equestrian, court attendant, diplomat, Member of Parliament, and a supporter of intellectuals and artists during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I. Sir Philip Sidney was such a multifaceted individual! At the time, Mrs. Darcy had been captivated reading his sonnet, Astrophil and Stella, star-lover and star, a poem that told a story about a fervent, ardent, but unrequited love affair. Astrophil stood tall, proud, and eager to exercise its strong legs and powerful loins. With the assistance of the stablemate, Darcy quickly saddled the horse and left for a ride. It was a pleasant morning in May. Darcy allowed his companion to gallop slowly, to warm up its limbs. In a few minutes, they arrived at the far side of the lake where he dismounted allowing Astrophil a taste of the crystal clear waters. 'This lake looks so tempting, so inviting! I think I can go for a quick dive before anyone notices.' He took off his jacket and began to take off his shirt when he stopped. 'Who am I kidding? Ha! I'll freeze to death before I'm discovered!' He quickly mounted Astrophil and continued in a leisure trot. The opening of the trees afforded both horse and rider the occasion to wander along the estate grounds, where he admired the charming views of the valley and the surrounding hills. They marched towards the river, exposing a long range of woods overspreading across the stream. The trees scattered on its banks and the winding of the valley surrounding the countryside added to the picturesque postcard scene. There, in the peace and quiet of the blossoming Pemberley woods, atop his majestic stallion, accompanied by the cheerful melodies of the birds, the calming sound of the river waters, an occasional turtle rearing its approving head, and even a weasel setting aside its meal for a moment to encourage him, William Darcy finally began to consider his current dilemma with the woman who had permeated his dreams for such a long time now. After only an hour of deliberation, he knew what he wanted. It was settled and he didn't have to think about it anymore. No more doubts. Come to think about it, there were never any doubts! When he had tried to think of any negatives, he couldn't find any. She was perfect for him in every way! He ended the ride by gratifying his companion with a fast trot across the extensive valley with the wind blowing its beautiful mane! •••••••••• The remainder of his vacation was spent leisurely revisiting the estate and doing lots of hiking. On the last day, he setup in a quest going in every room of the house looking for a particular painting. Finally, after a long search, he found what he was looking for. In one of the long halls, there was a gallery of mistresses of the estate dating back to the building of Pemberley House in the sixteenth century. The gallery hadn't been updated for almost a century, when the first of the Darcy heirs had immigrated to the Americas. The hall along with the gallery was open to the public, so Darcy had waited for the house to be closed at night before he returned. With an LED lantern, he began a careful examination of the paintings. It didn't take him long to find it, there it was! He laid eyes on a well-kept portrait of an attractive young woman in a Regency gown. Her delicate décolletage area was adorned by a familiar locket pendant. She had rosy cheeks, a pretty nose, natural lips, curly brown hair adorned with small flowers, and expressive dark eyes that rendered the woman uncommonly intelligent. What a pair of brilliant eyes! He admired their expression, their color and shape, and the eyelashes, they were so remarkably fine! Those eyes! The resemblance was uncanny! If the Lady from the locket his mother had given him to give to Elizabeth for her birthday looked like her, this painting of the same Lady did her more justice! 'Oh God! This is surreal! They look so much alike! The eyes! I can't wait to show this painting to her! No! It'll have to wait until she is my Elizabeth Darcy. I have an excellent idea for the destination of our honeymoon! Oh no, William Darcy, don't jinx it! Remember, it ain't over till the fat lady sings! Ha! Don't count your chickens before they hatch! Ha! Don't split the bounty before the getaway car shakes off the police! Ha! My God, I'm acting like a teenager with his first crush! Ha!' He read the inscription on the inscription below the portrait: [Mrs. Elizabeth Darcy, née Bennet, was born in 1791 in the county of Hertfordshire. She married Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy, the tenth master of Pemberley, in 1812. They had five children, two boys and two girls. Mrs. Darcy was remembered as being an exceptional mistress, well loved by everyone in Pemberley for the affectionate care she gave her staff and tenants, and respected throughout Derbyshire for her good deeds in the community. She died peacefully in 1863 preceding her devoted husband by only two days, who, albeit being in fine health, couldn't live without the love of his life.] He next went to a place that wasn't allowed to visitors, the archives below the manor, a depository of keepsakes and documents from previous owners, carefully organized by date. He concentrated on the nineteenth century. He found a trunk neatly preserved, containing, among other things, a wealth of correspondence between Mrs. Elizabeth Darcy and her husband, Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy. By perusing some of the letters, he was fascinated by the profound affection the pair seemed to have for one another. He read aloud two very short missives: From E to F: My dearest Fitzwilliam, please make haste and come home, your third child seems to be impatient to arrive! We do not want to do this alone. We need you! From F to E: My dearest, loveliest Elizabeth! I am making haste! I will arrive in a few hours, probably before this letter gets to you. Please entreat my precious child to wait, if possible! I do not want to miss the birth of any of my children! Darcy was fascinated, thinking of his own life. 'This is what I want for me. I know my own Elizabeth will fulfill all my desires and I'll live to satisfy her hopes and her dreams.' He found a family heirloom in the trunk, which he expediently retrieved for his own purpose. 'I know my great-great-and-so-on nana wouldn't mind me borrowing a second item from her, I imagine she would whole-heartedly agree with my objective!' The time he spent at Pemberley was a balm to his soul. Before leaving the country, he visited London for a couple of days, where he met some friends in one of his favorite places. As luck would have it, those friends were the first ones to learn of his new resolution and to congratulate him enthusiastically. He had purposely kept everyone at home in the dark. He wanted to surprise them all, especially her. The following day he initiated the final leg of his trip, which took him across the ocean to a tropical island where he planned to have a one-on-one encounter with a person who was to become quite prominent in his life. •••••••••• Lizzy was falling into hopeless despair. She was giving William time to adjust to her new status, but it was now three weeks and she hadn't heard from him. It felt as if they were playing a long-drawn-out tennis match with no end in sight! Lizzy was a woman of action, instead of waiting patiently for his serve, she prepared to setup the return as a sneaky drop shot to surprise him! She remembered the night of her birthday, when she opened Charles' present. It was the most charming gift she'd ever received. Especially when she learned of the things William wanted to do for her. Anonymously, he was going to offer Robbie a high paying job and he was going to buy her father's store for millions. The title on the whiteboard had been precious: MISSION STATEMENT: MARRY ELIZABETH BENES Early the next morning she called Charles, who told her William was due back in a week's time. In less than an hour, Lizzy had been introduced to the affable Mrs. Alexandra Reynolds and was already calling her Alexa. After singing her bosses' praises as an honest, generous, and outstanding man, Alexa graciously allowed her entry into the CEO's private office. She closed the door after offering a reassuring smile. Lizzy recognized the whiteboard from the photo. She noticed the board could be flipped over. The front side was full of scrawlings, as if the author was a madman! In one corner of the board, she could distinguish a drawing of a pair of eyes. He had taken special care to draw the shape, the eyelashes, and the eyebrows. Then he had scribbled something unintelligible on top, and had tried to erase it, but the general outline was still dimly visible. She chuckled, 'Did you try to draw my eyes, Mr. Darcy? Or are those the eyes of another more fortunate woman?' She turned the whiteboard and luckily, found it blank, so, she began to write her own strategy. MISSION STATEMENT: MARRY WILLIAM DARCY ROADBLOCKS: 1. William's pride 2. Elizabeth's concealment of particulars 3. Elizabeth's new status? Really? 4. Never-ending misunderstandings! ALLIES: Everyone who matters to us ADVERSARIES: Who cares? Together we can conquer the world! STRATEGIES: 1. Kidnap Mr. Darcy and take him to an isolated place 2. Cuddle him and kiss him hard until he realizes how much I love him! 3. Make him propose to me again This time he'll be absolutely, categorically, stupefied! 4. Fly to Las Vegas for a runaway wedding 5. Live happily ever after! 6. If my kisses don't have the desired effect, drop him like a sack of potatoes! ACE IN THE HOLE Our deepest and most passionate love! She stepped back, and when she was satisfied, she flipped the board. She took a few minutes to write a note on a piece of paper and placed it on his keyboard. She moved around the office, admiring his good sense of style. It was time to go. She stood in front of his desk one last time. She imagined the proud CEO sitting on his chair, flashing that insufferable, stoic, adorable expression on his handsome faces. No! She couldn't let her guard down! She put one hand on her hip, and pointed to the invisible man on the chair with the other, as an aid to her speech. "Mr. Darcy, you're such a conundrum! There was a time when I wasn't willing to make out your character, and now this has become my greatest obsession. I'm sorry if I concealed my status. I wanted to tell you, but I desired so much to get to know you first. I don't understand why this is a problem for you. Can you explain it to me? You told me you loved me when you thought I was a poor girl of no consequence. You loved me when you thought I was a scatterbrain simpleton with no future. Even when you thought I was an unscrupulous and greedy fortune hunter, you were willing to overlook all my failings and help me and you even wanted to marry me! When your aunt said I wasn't worthy, after you woke up from your daze, you defended me with passion and proclaimed aloud your love for me. But now that I'm not any of those things, except a foreigner, are you going to stop loving me?" She had to stop because she began to cry. "I can't believe how much I've cried since I've known you." She extracted a tissue and dried her tears. "Today, right now, I promise myself I won't shed one more tear for you, inconstant man!" She lifted her chin and left his office. Before opening the door, she took one last look at the chair and uttered, "I love you, William Darcy. Please come to me." ••••••••• A few days later, in the top floor of a building overlooking a five-hundred-year old city, the seasoned CEO was preparing to go home after a very busy day. He had remained in his office after hours to video chat with his daughter, who was having dinner with some friends. Everyone along with his baby wanted to talk to him, so he didn't have the opportunity for a private conversation with her. They didn't talk for long but in general, it had been a happy chat. The Carters were so optimistic with their new lives and so eager to start anew! Monica had exceeded everyone's expectations and Mrs. Carter was such an extraordinary woman! He didn't doubt for a second that she would be a great manager in his friend's hotel. He had the utmost respect for her. Mr. Benes had been successful in hiding his distress from his poor baby. He couldn't mention to her the bad news he had just received. He didn't have the heart to ruin the joyful moment with the Carters. He was pondering how to tell her the bad news. She would be devastated. Perhaps he could take a quick flight to bring her home sooner than expected. She didn't have to be there anymore, at least until graduation day, then he could escort her personally, and finally she could be removed from that awful place forever! It was such an awful disaster. Worse yet, there was nothing he nor anyone could do to help her. 'My baby's only 22 years old, she'll come through this stronger and more mature than ever. She has her whole life ahead of her.' He recalled with fondness the call he had received that afternoon a month ago from his in-law's residence in Boston when she had reconciled with her grandparents. They were so very happy that day. The following day, Lizzy had even confessed to him, for the first time ever, that she was in love. Without a doubt, he knew it. Everyone knew it! However, just the fact that she felt the need to confide in him made it so much real! He couldn't help feeling a bit jealous. She was his baby for God's sake! Now, another man was going to take her away from him. However, he had been resigned. Besides, he had approved of Darcy from his first interactions with Lizzy. The lad wasn't perfect, but he knew he was a morally outstanding man worthy of his baby. Everything was going to turn up just fine. Not anymore! He didn't hate Darcy; he was under no obligation to remain steadfast to his daughter. Better now than in the future when he could have hurt her even more! 'Oh well, good riddance Mr. Darcy. My Lizzy will survive this setback and will be a stronger human being. The man who in the future -please God, let it not be so near in the future- ends up with the privilege of gaining my baby's affection, will be a very fortunate man. Yes indeed!' In that moment, Mr. Benes made a decision. He was about to call to get his plane ready, when he was interrupted by the buzzer of the security guard. "Mr. Benes, there's a gentleman here outside the building who claims to have an urgent matter to discuss with you." "Whoever it is, tell him that I'm not available..." Before he finished talking, the man himself interrupted him. "Señor Tomás, this is William Darcy, I need to talk to you without delay. Can you please let me in?" "You!" There was a pause of a few seconds, and then Mr. Benes' responded in a calm manner, concealing the wrath he was feeling. "Carlos, please escort the man to my office." Once Darcy arrived, Mr. Benes stepped aside to let the taller man in his office. Before he closed the door, he told the guard, "Thank you Carlos, I'll personally accompany him out when he leaves." "Sí señor." While Mr. Benes was talking to the security guard, Darcy moved to the large glass windows to admire the moonlight landscape of Old San Juan unfolded before his eyes. In the far corner, overlooking the entrance to San Juan Bay, he recognized the old Spanish fortification known as Castillo San Felipe del Morro. He remembered his playful banter that night in Florida with Elizabeth about the famous British attack and occupation of the fort by Sir George Clifford, Earl of Cumberland, more than four hundred years ago. He was proud of this fact until Lizzy told him that the English were forced to retreat after only a couple of months due to an epidemic of diarrhea! Before the odious Earl departed, he pillaged and burned the city to the ground! Darcy noticed other landmarks, but El Morro was the only one he could recognize besides the obvious Capitol. 'Someday soon my love will have to give me a tour of this enchanting...' "Did you come here to stare at my window or do you have an urgent matter to discuss with me? I am a very busy man; I can't afford to waste time. I am going to give you five minutes, so you better state your business now before I throw you out of my building!" •••••••••• At that same moment, in Washington D.C., Jane Preston, Charles Bingley, Charlotte and Richard Fitzwilliam, Mary Gardiner, Kitty Grafals, and Georgiana Darcy, were having a get-together at Longbourn Apartment Complex. They were waiting to surprise Lizzy, who was still at dinner with Monica Carter and her family, to congratulate her on her valedictorian award, which had been announced that afternoon. Mary had been the first one to see it, she told Kitty, who told everyone else. Charlotte was recounting an experience she had with Richard's family. A week before, the Fitzwilliams had hosted a dinner party with their closest friends and relatives to welcome Charlotte to the family. "At first, I felt so out of place, you know. So there I was, this nobody in the middle of so much royalty. Ha! And all eyes were on me! I felt so uncomfortable! Wouldn't you know it; the person who helped me feel at ease was the last one I would've suspected. My mother-in-law! I thought she didn't approve of me! So, my loyal husband, who had promised to remain with me at all times, unceremoniously deserted me. Lo and behold, there she was, coming to my rescue, making me feel at ease and introducing me to her friends as her dear daughter-in-law! Ha! I was touched by her kindness." Richard laughed. "Darling, I didn't leave you alone on purpose, that was planned ahead of time. I didn't tell you to avoid making you nervous. My mother asked me to leave you with her. She wanted to find out how well you would comport yourself. According to her, you excelled her expectations." "I'm happy to learn that now! Well, I'm not new to these kinds of upper class social gatherings. I've been to some of those with Lizzy in Puerto Rico and in New York City. These experiences prepared me to keep me out of mischief. Ha! The difference was that in the past, I was a little fly on the wall, and I had Lizzy with me to garner the attention of everyone. Last week, I was the center of attention, as the wife of the renowned gentleman Richard Fitzwilliam! Ha! I'm glad your mother approves of me. I'm beginning to like her very much. Talking about Richard, we have good news for you. We confirmed it with my doctor; it seems Richard is going to be a father. He didn't waste time!" This was followed by cheers and congratulations from everyone. Charlotte asked, "I thought Lizzy would be here by now? When is she coming back from her dinner?" Jane responded, "She's saying goodbye to Monica and her family as they're leaving for Ohio in a few days. She should be returning soon because Monica's mom has to work the evening shift at the supermarket. Isn't it great that soon, when they move to Columbus, Mrs. Carter will only have one job and will be able to spend more time with her children? Lizzy told me..." All of a sudden, Jane was interrupted by a loud... "NOOO!" •••••••••• Back in San Juan, Darcy's fantasy was broken abruptly by Mr. Benes' unfriendly utterance. Darcy couldn't understand why the old man would be so mean spirited. 'Hey! I'm the victim here!' Darcy wasn't intimidated one bit and responded in kind. "If you mean to frighten me, Señor Tomás, or Mr. Benes, by your incivility, you have another thing coming! I came here to get answers. I'm not a fan of wasting time either so I'll go straight to my point. You owe me an explanation and I demand you give it to me! How long have you been monitoring my activities and why did you befriend me in such a deceptive manner? I thought you were my friend! Most importantly, if I marry your daughter, I want assurances that you're going to trust me and allow me to take care of her. And give us privacy!" "Have you no shame?" Mr. Benes roared, "Why would you even think that I am going to let you come close to my daughter ever again? When she finds out what you did, her heart will break the worst possible way! And you have the nerve to say I owe you an explanation! I don't owe you anything! I thought you were coming at least to explain your duplicitous behavior, but I can see now that you are a cruel and vicious man. Did you come here to gloat?" Darcy was shaken! "What are you talking about? I'll never break Elizabeth's heart! I love her! Me being duplicitous, cruel, vicious? I haven't done anything to deserve those insults! I'm the one who has been wronged here! I've been brazenly lied to! I demand an explanation!" "Ah, I see..." Mr. Benes replied with contempt, "You think I am not aware of your latest exploits? It seems you haven't seen the article written about your wonderful tidings from London. Should I be the first to congratulate you?" Mr. Benes went to his desk, opened his web browser, and searched the history. He clicked on the link his man John had sent him earlier. Finally, he rotated the monitor to show the younger man. "Here Mr. Darcy, feast your eyes in your great news!" •••••••••• Back in D.C., while everyone was paying attention to Charlotte and Jane, Kitty had been chatting with her friends on her smartphone. All of a sudden, she was shaken by the screen contents and shrieked at the top of her lungs, interrupting Jane. Jane almost stumbled backwards from the surprise, prompting Charles to hold on to her. He asked Kitty. "What happened, Kitty?" Kitty had her mouth open. She uttered in distress, "I can't believe it! This can't be true! How could he do that?" "How could who do what?" Kitty didn't respond. She turned on the TV and connected it by using an app on her smartphone. A website for a British gossip news site appeared. "A friend of mine who knows I'm acquainted with the Darcys sent me this link." Everyone gasped upon reading the title: SORRY LADIES, WILLIAM DARCY IS OFFICIALLY ENGAGED They began to read the content. Ladies across America and Europe are bemoaning the loss of one of their most sought-after bachelors. It seems that Mr. William Darcy, CEO of Darcy Enterprises, was finally bitten by the love bug. On his latest trip to England, he reconnected with an old flame. It seems our fine-looking entrepreneur proved to be a romantic after all. He popped the question to his ladylove in public and was accepted effusively by the triumphant lady. Here are some exclusive photographs that were taken by a lucky paparazzi who happened to be in the scene. The first photo showed Darcy hugging a blonde lady in a park at night. The angle of the photo provided a good look of the woman's beautiful face illuminated by a nearby lamppost. Her eyes were closed and she had a smile on her bright red lips. The second photo afforded a side view of Darcy with an open ring box in his hand. He seemed to be presenting it to the same lady with an expecting look on his face. The lady seemed to be radiating happiness. The last photo showed Darcy hugging her again. This time she had a diamond ring on the ring finger of her left hand, which had been clearly bare on the first photo. In the three photos, they were alone although there were other people in the background. The article continued: Last night, while enjoying the breathtaking view of the London skyline from the Primrose Hill summit, one of our favourite bachelors finally decided to settle down with his long-time inamorata. Although the name of the gorgeous blonde hasn't been revealed, we found out she's a North Westerner from Lancashire. A source close to the couple revealed that they have kept their passionate relationship a secret for many years. They already have wedding plans before the end of summer. The amorous couple was seen... Georgiana was the first one to react. She was scandalized. "This is impossible! A calumny! That woman is a stranger to me. If she's supposed to be an old girlfriend of my brother's, I should've known her. And I definitely don't! But, why would Will give her a ring? I don't understand." Richard replied. "I wish I could agree with you, Georgie. The problem is that I'm afraid I recognize that woman. She's an old girlfriend of Will's. They met in London one summer, probably seven or eight years ago, when your family was visiting Pemberley. They dated for maybe a week or two, but it wasn't a serious romance, he didn't even consider inviting her to Derbyshire to meet the family. I remember her because at the time, I was in London on leave and I chanced upon her a couple of times when she was with Will. I forgot her name though. Last time they were together was when he returned to Pemberley. At least that's what I thought. I didn't know Will kept in touch with her all these years." Jane, as everyone else, was disturbed by the article, but, keeping up with her character, she stated, "I sincerely hope... I wish this were another misunderstanding, you know, when it comes to Lizzy and Will, there have been so many crazy happenings. My heart would break for Lizzy after everything..." Poor Jane had the worst timing! The door suddenly opened and... "Hi everyone! What a surprise!" •••••••••• "What the...!" Darcy screamed furiously when he saw the screen on Mr. Benes' computer. He couldn't believe what he was seeing. He was confronted with a scandalous article from a British celebrity news magazine. He went to the computer, took control of the mouse, looked at the pictures, and then read the article. He was fuming! He willed himself to calm down. He opened each photo, enlarged them and examined some areas slowly, with rapt attention. He shook his head. "Can't deny that this filthy sleazeball is very good at his trade. This is flawless! And he picked the right magazine." He muttered this more to himself than to Mr. Benes, who was watching him with curiosity. Finally, after a few minutes, he closed the browser and sat down in a chair. "Can you please sit down and let me tell you a story? You owe me this much. You can kick me out afterwards if you so desire." •••••••••• Lizzy rushed into the room with a cheerful smile on her face. She came in so fast they didn't have time to react. "Jane, Charlotte, guys, I'm so happy you're here, I have so much to tell you about the Carters..." She stopped abruptly. Something was wrong... First, it was the stunned look on their faces. Then, it was Kitty's botched attempt to turn off the TV on time. Too late! The treacherous machine was taunting Lizzy with a full screen picture of Darcy embracing a beautiful blonde woman. "Kitty stop!" Lizzy commanded. Kitty froze with fear. Lizzy came to her, grabbed the phone, and without uttering a single word, took it to her room and closed the door. The living room stood still for ten very long minutes. Nobody dared interrupt the silence. Finally, the door opened and Lizzy emerged. She had a resigned demeanor. "You know guys; this has happened so often with us that this time I'll force myself not to jump into any conclusions. Georgie and/or Richard, please tell me that you know this woman and this is a giant mix-up or a baseless slander, or at worse, a tasteless joke. Please talk to me." Not a word came from either of them. Georgiana was looking down at her feet while Richard was gazing intensely at Charlotte, as if willing her to say something. After a couple of minutes of silence, Lizzy spoke again. "So, this is true?" "Lizzy," Richard stuttered, "Georgie doesn't know that woman but I've met her. Will dated her for a couple of weeks in London, but that was seven or eight years ago. They went their separate ways when he returned to D.C. I thought it was just a summer fling. I didn't know they still kept in touch." Lizzy replied with an eerie equanimity, "Thank you Richard. Okay, this time you're witnesses that I didn't act in a rash manner. Assuming this is true, it means he has made his choice for his future and I'm not included in it. As you know, this is going to be painful to me, but I have to admit that it's better this way. If there was any doubt, I would've been willing to fight for him, but this event changes everything." She paused, looking for more to say, but her mind was completely empty. No one said or did anything. Charlotte wanted to go and console her as she had done so many times in the past. However, this Lizzy was different; she seemed to be self-possessed, so sure of herself. She was acting as if she didn't need nor want any comfort. This reminded Charlotte of the time after Mrs. Benes' death and the way Lizzy coped with the pain for such a long time, by closing herself off thus avoiding any painful feelings. •••••••••• Darcy talked for a long time. At one time during his narration, he showed the contents of his pocket to Mr. Benes, who was listening attentively. At first he was skeptical, but as Darcy continued his narration, his heart began to soften. When he saw the object in Darcy's hand, he had been won over. When Darcy finished his story, Mr. Benes went to him, ordered the younger man to stand up, and gave him a big bear hug and a long kiss on the cheek. Darcy was uncomfortable with so much effusion, but he allowed it. He even hugged him back with genuineness. Although he didn't returned the kiss! Mr. Benes sat again on his chair, and began to talk. "I'm going to open up as you have done with me, and I will tell you everything, including many details that my Lizzy doesn't and will never find out. There are only two people acquainted with this information. Today you will be the third and last one to know. Although by the looks of it, your clever cousin knows a thing or two. You have to promise to keep our secret, especially from Lizzy." Darcy gestured in agreement. Mr. Benes began by giving Darcy a brief summary of Lizzy's life until she left for Georgetown at the tender age of 18. Then he continued. "I have this friend, a former CIA operative. Let's call him John. By the time Lizzy left us for Georgetown, John was retiring and was looking for a new challenge. It was fortunate for both of us. I hired him full time to protect my most valuable treasure. He embraced the job with enthusiasm since he'd known Lizzy from the time she was a baby. I should say he has done a superb job. So far, he has preempted a few unsavory characters from harming my girl. Unbeknownst to her, John has saved her in a few occasions. You see, her entire life prior to moving to D.C., Lizzy had been living in this bubble of protection we had created for her back home, and she didn't have some of the street smarts required to survive in a big metropolis." Mr. Benes stood up and went to the windows, took a deep breath and continued his narration. "The first year, while she was at the Georgetown dorms, she was cautious. However, when she moved to Longbourn Complex, she became a reckless walker. Some nights she would go alone on walking adventures, farther and farther away from home! One night our Lizzy decided to go for a walk on a street that seemed safe, but it wasn't. John's crew had a field day that night! Their mission was to protect her while remaining concealed. They were running like crazy! Five miscreants tried to approach her. They were preempted by the use of plastic bullets and one of them was stopped with a Taser. And Lizzy, with her headphones blasting away, was oblivious to it all!" Mr. Benes laughed. "That was too much for John's crew. A couple of nights later, an overconfident Lizzy went for another dangerous walk. With my approval, John had hired two locals to give Lizzy a big scare. One of them approached her and tried to force her into getting in his car. She ran as if her life depended on it, which to her it did. The guy kept running and yelling after her, but she escaped by running into another street, directly into the next guy. Lizzy again ran and didn't stop until she was inside the gates of Longbourn; her headphones lost in the fracas! She didn't realize she had been herded in that direction by the astute locals hired by John. She didn't mention that incident to anyone. She's the adventurous type you see, but she's also very smart! Lucky for us that experience was enough to prevent her from taking any more avoidable risks. I was so scared for her that night, but everything turned out as planned. The look on Lizzy's face when the Longbourn gate closed behind her was one for the ages!" He laughed again. "Her friend Monica Carter also taught her some street smarts for which I'll forever be grateful. There were other nasty characters that had approached Lizzy in the past three years in public places, but her zealous Puerto Rican father's team would intervene, and they would stay away from her." Darcy reflected, "I would assume the expedient disappearance of that scoundrel George Wickham was owed to your people?" "You got it! The minute that lowlife first approached Lizzy, a quick investigation was performed. We were appalled by what we found in such a short time! An acquaintance offered him a generous job opportunity far away that a greedy bastard like himself couldn't refuse." Darcy immediately thought of Georgie's involvement with Wickham, and determined not to mention her. He changed the subject. "What about me? It seems you have knowledge of all my interactions with your daughter. I wonder now why after my abominable behavior towards her you didn't try to stop me from contacting her. Not only that, you intentionally befriended me! Did you have designs on me which exceeded your desire to protect Elizabeth?" Mr. Benes laughed at those words from Darcy. "So you think I am a fortune hunter who singled you out as my future son in law and that's why I allowed you to abuse my daughter and welcomed you with open arms? Ha!" "No," Darcy replied, "I didn't mean that, it would be ludicrous! In that case, I would be the fortune hunter. Perhaps, you saw something in me that you liked?" Mr. Benes chuckled while raising his eyebrows, "You want to hear something funny? You singled Lizzy out decades ago! The last time your family visited us at the Grafals, you were about six or seven years old. You were playing with Lizzy while she was giving you her lovely laughter from her crib. You looked at Lizzy and then at your dad and very seriously told him, 'Dad, when I'm old, I'm going to marry baby Lizzy.' After you spoke those words, you kept playing with her as if what you said meant nothing; you probably didn't realize the importance of your pronouncement. Only your father and I heard you, we laughed so hard between ourselves! We also elected to keep your words from our wives, else they would have betrothed the two of you right there and there, in Lizzy's cradle!" Mr. Benes paused for a second at seeing Darcy's wistful look. "I knew your parents very well. Your father and I even went on a business venture together, but we realized very quickly that we couldn't work as a team. Two stubborn CEOs making decisions trying to outdo the other wasn't a good idea! In a matter of weeks, I sold him my part for a substantial amount. I doubled my investment quickly and he made out like a bandit later on! With the passage of time, our families slowly drifted apart. After your father's death, my wife and your mother lost track of each other. I was surprised when I learned Anne Darcy had met Elizabeth last Christmas and didn't recognize her. Until Lizzy told me..." "My mother had a stroke shortly after my father's death and she suffered from amnesia. As fate would have it, your family's memory was completely erased from her memory. She just recovered on the day of the visit to the Grafals." "Yes, I know, I'm happy for her. I didn't know before then. That explained why she never answered my Sylvia's letters... Hmm... Oh well... So, even if you were so insulting to my Lizzy from the beginning of your acquaintance, I allowed your interactions with her for two reasons. First, even though you seemed to be this proud, disagreeable, arrogant fellow, I already knew you were also a respectable man from a good family. For the sake of your late father, for whom I had the utmost respect, and as a deference to your mother, I allowed you full access to my baby. Second, you worked miracles with my Lizzy! Thanks to your interactions with her, in spite of the tears she has shed, Lizzy has matured much more in less than a year than on her previous twenty-one years. So, even if your relationship doesn't reach the Feliz Para Siempre, or Happily Ever After, we may expect, remember, the final decision will lie with Lizzy," he smiled at seeing Darcys look of dismay, "I have the satisfaction to know that, thanks to you, my baby has blossomed into adulthood by leaps and bounds!" "I couldn't agree more with you Señor Tomás, before I met your exceptional daughter, I was this proud, conceited, selfish and overbearing sorry excuse of a man! Worse of all, I was a contemptuous snob! Elizabeth has changed me so thoroughly that I barely recognize the man I was before I met her. She taught me a most valuable lesson. She humbled me! She made feel like an inferior human being in every respect! She forced me to embark on a profound introspection where I found myself insufficient to please a woman so worthy of being pleased! She changed me into a better man. If nothing else, I owe her this. If I'm given the opportunity to be with her, I'll dedicate my life to make her happy." "I know you will my son, and I'm on your side. So what's your strategy to solve our current predicament?" "I'll start off by contacting my lawyer." They both laughed at the irony. Mr. Benes was elated! "We have to call my baby at once! Let's video chat with her right now. If she hasn't found out the news yet, we'll save her from a heartache. If she already found out from her friends, we'll give her the shock of her life!" •••••••••• Back at Longbourn, everyone left, leaving Lizzy with Kitty. Jane wanted to stay with Lizzy, but she insisted that she go with Charles. "Oh Lizzy, I wish there was something I could do to make it better!" "Don't you worry Kitty; it'll all be alright. It's already water under the bridge for me. Now, let's talk about you, how are the plans for your move to New York City?" "Everything is working out great. Mrs. Darcy is taking Georgiana and me next week for a visit to the NYU campus. We're going to visit Robbie in his office and we're having lunch with him. He already got us tickets to see the latest Broadway musical. Oh, I'm so excited Lizzy, are you sure you can't come with us?" "I wish I could, but this is my final week here and I have a lot to do." Kitty knew Lizzy was done with her schoolwork. All she needed to do was to prepare her valedictorian speech which she could do anywhere. Wisely, she chose not to confront her with the facts. Unable to come up with any more conversation, Lizzy said good night and left for her room. •••••••••• Back to Darcy. There are some moments in life when a person makes a decision based on his or her gut instinct, or a sudden desire, or a misguided second sense, or just out of pure emotion. Or perhaps in anticipation of a greater reward. On the other hand, it could be just a temporary lapse of sanity. Whatever the reason, sometimes the wrong choice made impetuously, could set off a chain of unexpected and potentially disastrous outcomes. Let's hope, for our hero's sake, that this is not one of these moments. Darcy answered Mr. Benes. "Please let's not sir, I'm going to ask you a big favor. Would you mind keeping my secret for one day? I'm a selfish man and I want to be the one to tell her in person. I want to see her sparkling eyes when she finds out from my own lips." Oh, no Darcy, please no! Take that back! Unluckily, the first link of the chain had been forged. Wait, maybe not, the older man offered his magnanimous wisdom to save the day! "You're going to deprive a father of the happiness of experiencing his daughter's joy?" "I would never sir; it's just that this time I long to see her expression in person." "Okay, I'm going to allow it only because I know you're a man in love, although an impulsive one I can see! I just hope this doesn't backfire on you!" "Don't you worry sir; her happiness, which, needless to say, is my own happiness, will only be delayed by a few hours. I was going to remain a couple of days here in the Island, but not anymore. I'm leaving first thing in the morning. With your permission, I'll visit her as soon as I arrive at D.C." "By all means! I wish you could leave right now!" "Me too, but tonight I want to invite you for dinner so you can tell me more about your precious daughter. Also, there's something else I want to ask you." "Anything for you my son! You have given me such great news tonight!" "I'm glad to hear that. It's just that even if it's not required, I would like to have your consent to marry your daughter if she accepts me." "Ha! I wholeheartedly grant it! I could not have parted with my Lizzy over anyone less worthy! Now let's go eat because I'm starving! I have a surprise for you. Do you remember the photos you took of the Puerto Rican Parrot the day you got lost in El Yunque...?" •••••••••• When Lizzy went to her room, she took her tablet, opened the article and began to examine the photos of Darcy with his new fiancée. He seemed so eager to please, especially when he was offering her the ring, that for a moment she forgot about her pain and felt joy for him. And resignation. And confusion. 'I can't understand why you could be so inconstant, Mr. Darcy. How could you transfer your affections so quickly and so decidedly? It just doesn't make sense. Yet, I see you looking so happy embracing that other woman, who was your former girlfriend, and you gave her a ring! Were you playing with my feelings this whole time? I'm going to stick to my promise. I won't shed a single tear for you! You don't deserve it! I sincerely hope you'll be pleased with your intended. I wish you both eternal happiness. I'm confident my broken heart will heal with time. I'm still young. I'll forget you soon. I know what I'm doing first thing in the morning!' Sleep came surprisingly easy for Lizzy. Perfidy was a potent sedative. The second link of the chain had been forged.
A/N: Hello my friends, remember my story? This is possibly the next to last or second to last chapter, depending on how Lizzy's Valedictorian speech goes, and other factors, including your comments. Plus the two epilogues, of course! The good news is that we're pretty much done with the story and we're on our way to our HEA. I rewrote this chapter based on some comments I received, and I agreed totally with them. I removed the added drama I had in my draft (Charles landed the punch, Lizzy ran away, aargh!). That's why it took so long (together with my imperfect editing OCD! Ha!). I didn't finish the story here (oh no!) only because I really want to include the 'exceptional' proposal from Darcy I intended originally. After all the angst, our heroes deserve their moment in the sun! I know, it's going to take forever! But as they say, good things are worth waiting for. (Insufferable presumption!) Please Motherof8 and Carolineonestop, don't be too mad at me! I promise next time (if there's a next time) I will use a beta reader. That's not entirely true, you are my betas! One time I rewrote an entire chapter because of your comments, and changed this chapter anticipating your comments. On that same note, I went back to the last chapter and corrected some errors (horrors!) mentioned to me by some of you. I know there are many more, but I'll tackle them after I'm finished with the whole story. When I began writing this story, my daughter was graduating from High School and now she's graduating from College in December (a semester early). Probably before I'm done. Unbelievable! I appreciate all your constructive criticisms and uplifting comments throughout these years. They have been invaluable to me. One last thing, congratulations to the real new Hoya graduates! Here's the next chapter. I hope you enjoy it. End of A/N Chapter 33 - My Happiness Is Overflowing In Mirth Notwithstanding the rain shower the good-natured fellow stumbled upon on his walk to the office that morning, soaking him to the skin, he seemed unconcerned about his comeuppance, a well-deserved punishment indeed! He had had a restless night. His attempt at sleep had been disrupted by the confusion reigning in his mind. Mercifully, his unrest was appeased by the presence of his beloved darling. On his distraction before leaving the house for work, he forgot the umbrella his sweetheart begged him to bring to his car. As she was pleading with him not to forget the umbrella, he had been occupied with planting soft kisses on her face, neck, and earlobes. Not surprisingly, the golf sized umbrella remained ensconced on the table. "You're dripping water all over the floor! I knew you would miss the message I left you earlier this morning about the reopening of your underground parking space. You didn't have to park outside, so far away!" "Oh no, Tonya! I sure missed it. And I forgot the umbrella! She's going to kill me!" "I bet she will!" an amused Tonya replied, "That gorgeous darling of yours has you under some kind of magical incantation. One of these days she's going to send you to the loony bin!" "I think she already did! Ha! Well, it's too late now. Can you take care of the floor?" "By all means, boss. I already called someone because I know you too well!" He laughed, "Thanks Tonya, you're a savior!" He headed to his bathroom to dry up and change his clothes. Then he sat on his chair to organize his work for the day. To counteract his natural restless spirit and carelessness, he had developed a meticulous morning routine. His first task was to prioritize his To-Do List, which his efficient Executive Assistant had revised earlier to include his leftover items from the previous day and his latest phone calls, regular mail, and email. As he was engaged in this activity, the phone rang. The ID displayed a call from his Executive Assistant. "Yes, Tonya?" "Charles, you have a recurring visitor, Miss Elizabeth Benes." She continued whispering, "She doesn't look as happy as the last time she graced us with her presence." Charles suddenly had a palm-slap to the forehead moment. "Darn it! How could I have forgotten? Say nothing else, Tonya, I'll be right out." All night long, he'd been trying to reach Will. He called his associates in London, but no one had heard from him since he went on vacation to Pemberley. He broke contact with everyone! Even Richard, who was always in-the-know, lost track of him. Charles also called Mrs. Darcy, but she claimed ignorance of her son's whereabouts and activities the last few days and declined to discuss anything further about her son until she could talk to him. Actually, Darcy had already provided a detailed account of all particulars to his mom. But Charles wasn't made aware of this intelligence as it was kept under wraps between mother and son until he had a private interview with Elizabeth. Poor Georgie had been unwilling to mention the news to her mother to avoid causing her any unpleasantness. And she was too furious with Will to call him. She decided to wait for her brother to relay the news himself to their mom. Hence, she remained out of the loop as well. She also had a rough night. Thus, there was no official confirmation or denial of William Darcy's alleged engagement. Unfortunately, pictures spoke louder than words. The article they saw in the tabloid magazine was their only evidence of Darcy's recent activities. He felt sorry for Lizzy! The instant Charles heard Tonya, he knew why Lizzy was there. He had forgotten about Darcy's office! "Charles, can I talk to you? I need a favor." "Lizzy! Thanks for coming! You read my mind. I was going to call you this morning. I'm glad you anticipated me. Let's go. Tonya, we're going to Mr. Darcy's office to look for some papers he asked me to find. Please inform Alexa." On the way there, he told Lizzy that since the CEO was scheduled to arrive the following day, she could remain in the office for as long as she needed. She assured him that what she needed to do wouldn't take more than a couple of minutes. They remained silent the rest of the way. Lizzie's thoughts were absorbed by her objective, to remove every single trace of her presence in the CEO's office. Charles felt aggrieved for Lizzy. Just thinking of Will made his blood boil! 'How can he toy with the feelings of this amazing girl? All those trips he made through the years to London and Pemberley, he was surely meeting with his clandestine girlfriend. I don't understand why he kept it secret. It doesn't make sense. What's wrong with the lady? What's wrong with him I should say! I don't know him anymore. I guess I never knew him! How could he be so cruel and heartless? At the same time he's proclaiming his devotion to Lizzy, it turns out he has been involved with another woman and now he's marrying her! He lied to everyone! Including to his own mother! How could he? Is that even possible? Am I in a nightmare?' Poor Charles' head was throbbing from the confusion. When they arrived at the CEO's suite, Mrs. Reynolds admitted them into Darcy's office. Once they were inside, Charles stopped by the door. "Go ahead Lizzy. I'll stay here." Lizzy nodded and continued to the room. Had it not been for the circumstances surrounding her purpose that morning, she would've been laughing by now. Good-ol' Charles needed to take precautions, in the event she went off on a wild rampage! He didn't have to worry, though. It took Lizzy only a few minutes. She acted like a robot. Without a single glance at the CEO's chair, she went to the desk, took her letter and stuffed it in her pocket. The whiteboard was turned over and erased thoroughly. Charles followed Lizzy's quick movements in silence, repressing his own impulse to vandalize the fastidiously tidy office of the double-crossing scumbag, until she reunited with him at the door. They left the office together. "Thank you, Alexa, we found the papers faster than I thought. We're leaving now." They didn't fool her for one second! The first time Elizabeth Benes set foot in Mr. Darcy's office, Alexa Reynolds had been thrilled to finally meet the lovely young woman who had become William's object of affection. She didn't personally know Miss Benes, but she had a wealth of information about her. Even though Mr. Darcy, or William, as he insisted she should call him, had been more free-spoken with her the last few months, he had been unforthcoming on the subject of his attraction to this singular lady. Alexa knew him too well! She was curious about him, not in a nosy kind of way, just healthy curious. She was also very discreet, and exceedingly protective of her charge. He tried, but couldn't hide some of his scribbles of Elizabeth Benes' name, where he would extoll her good qualities, her accomplishments, and her great beauty. She also found some rough sketches where he attempted to catch the expression of Elizabeth's fine eyes. The boy was infatuated. A few months ago, 'How long has it been already?' Charles had shared with Alexa the white board where William had outlined his most important mission ever: to marry Elizabeth Benes! On her first visit, after Miss Benes left, Alexa performed a visual inspection of William's office to ensure everything remained in perfect order. Or so she justified to herself. Love was in the air! The first clue was the perfumed letter with Elizabeth's name laying on his desk. It had a sweet lavender fragrance. 'Exquisite! I hope it will last until his return!' Out of curiosity, she sneaked a glance behind the white board. Only a tiny peek. Just enough to read the title, 'MISSION STATEMENT: MARRY WILLIAM DARCY.' 'Bravo, Miss Elizabeth Benes! What a worthy match for William you turned out to be!' Today, as soon as she noticed the somber mood of the couple, she was puzzled. They certainly didn't go to the office to find a piece of paper. When it came to missing papers, she would be the one to find them! She trusted Charles though, therefore she offered no opposition. As they were coming out, the young lady had a look of passive resignation. She seemed completely vulnerable! Alexa was puzzled. 'I'm I going to find out what's going on? This is so frustrating!' •••••••••• As Lizzy and Charles were about to enter the private elevator, the owner of it himself suddenly came rushing forward from inside, shocking them! He was so absorbed by his own thoughts that he nearly crashed with Elizabeth. "Elizabeth!" "Mr. Darcy!" "What are you doing here?" "I... I... I came to visit Charles. But I'm leaving now." She tried to make an escape as the elevator doors were closing, but he extended his hand to open them again. "Please forgive my rudeness. You caught me by surprise, that's all. I'm delighted to see you. Are you okay?" Lizzy was agitated, but in that moment, she decided that she would not shy away from him! No, she would have him confirm his duplicity even if it hurt her. In public no less! She owed it to herself, in order to close that painful chapter of her life. She gave herself a pep talk by mentally reciting her mantra, 'my courage always rises... my courage always rises...' A false smile crossed her lips. "Yes sir, I'm fine. Please allow me to be the first to congratulate you." Darcy winced. He turned to Charles, and his contemptuous glare stunned him! 'I can guess they both saw the magazine article. Better yet, I'll give them the shock of their lives! Needless to say, my Elizabeth goes first!' "Elizabeth, would you mind coming into my office so we can have a private chat? It won't take long, I promise." "I'd rather not, sir. I don't feel comfortable being alone with you." "Please? I have some important news I would like to share with you." "I'm fully aware of your news! However, if you have the need to boast about it, please feel free to do so in front of these fine folks. I can assure you that they'll be overjoyed. Besides, owing to your new circumstances, it wouldn't be proper for us to be alone. Don't you think so, sir?" The sarcasm in Lizzy's voice nearly disconcerted him, but he controlled his emotions. He would've preferred to be alone with her to luxuriate in the most eagerly anticipated reaction when she found out the truth. No such luck! He forged ahead anyway. His best friend and the lady whom he regarded as his second mother would be proud of him. A happy-go-lucky Darcy wasn't one to spare a joke in this moment of great significance. 'My sweet Elizabeth, wait until you find out I'm quoting your own father.' "I gather you've both seen the article written about my wonderful tidings from London. And you're not the first to congratulate me." Wrong choice of words Mr. Darcy! He compounded his faux pas by displaying a wide, self-satisfied smile, anticipating the great happiness he was going to bestow on his sweetheart. However, his smile seemed more like the sarcastic smirk of an egotistical jerk rather than the silly attempt at humor of an unrestrained lover! His intolerable smugness caused a threefold reaction; it upset Lizzy, baffled Mrs. Reynolds, and infuriated Charles. Lizzy lost control of her emotions! She felt the most intense humiliation, pain, and betrayal, all combined in a mixture of uncontrolled rage! Just as she was about to explode, Charles inadvertently extinguished the incoming volcanic eruption by planting himself in front of Darcy with a scowl on his face! He pointed his finger and yelled at him. "You're a cruel bastard! I don't know who you are! You're not my friend! You're a heartless, devious, insensitive, vicious..." Charles was moving dangerously close to his opponent. Lizzy and Mrs. Reynolds braced themselves for a nasty altercation. Darcy never lost his good humor. He took a step back while reaching into his breast pocket, retrieving a number of letter-sized papers. He then interrupted Charles' long diatribe of insults. "Charles, I think you have to be very careful with your next move. Before you do something stupid you'll later regret, you must take the following facts into consideration," sporting a devilish grin he continued, "I'm taller, stronger, fitter, and much more experienced in the art of boxing than you. I can take you down easily. Hehe..." Charles growled at the provocation. Lizzy was repulsed by the Cro-Magnon behavior of that... that... that villain! Mrs. Reynolds was flabbergasted. The usual demeanor of the two men..., no, the two boys she knew for so long, the amiability, good humor, and easy temper of the one, versus the seriousness and forcefulness of the other, had been reversed! As Darcy predicted, in a characteristic display of his inexperience in this art, Charles brought his closed-fisted hand to his back to build momentum for the strike. The more agile Darcy swiftly parried the telegraphed punch with one hand and with the other, pressed the pages to Charles' face. Charles, who felt exposed after his failed attempt, shrank back expecting a retaliatory response from his adversary. When instead he was nudged with a bunch of papers, he took them in an automatic movement, studied the first page with rapt attention, and then checked the other pages. He stood there dazed, examining them. After his scrutiny, he asked only one question. "Is this Jeffrey Golden?" "Yes," Darcy answered. "Well... I didn't..." Without abandoning his stunned appearance, he returned the papers to Darcy and went to Lizzy, took her by the shoulders and guided her to the empty office. He then motioned Darcy to follow her. "Go on Lizzy. Talk to Will. We'll wait here." Charles gave her a reassuring nod, forestalling the objection she was fixing to rise, and she yielded. They entered the office leaving Charles and Alexa outside. "Charles, I don't think it's a good idea to leave those two alone. The poor child doesn't seem to be an enthusiastic fan of our William. She looks like a lamb going to the slaughter!" "Ha! Don't worry Alexa. It'll be all right. Let's give them a few minutes. I believe we were victims of an appalling hoax, which our boy there should clear up. I don't have all the details yet. I wanted Lizzy to be the first one to learn the truth. I can safely tell you this, though. Lizzy will come out of Will's office in a blissful state! If they ever come out! Ha!" "Charles, this isn't an appropriate time for jokes! This is serious! I don't think this is a good idea." "My dear Alexa, please sit down. You've been kept in the dark for too long. I'm going to tell you a little story. It began many, many moons ago with an infamous insult at the mall..." •••••••••• Darcy led Lizzy inside and closed the door. She kept both hands behind her back while looking at the floor, her heart fluttering in turmoil. She didn't know what to expect. If Charles' behavior caused a tiny ray of hope to flash in her mind, she endeavored to conceal its effect on her. He could feel her hesitancy and the tension in the air. He needed to clear that up. "You want to hear something amusing? Back there with Charles, I repeated the same words your father used against me last night." "My father?" She exclaimed in astonishment, "My... Dad? You know my dad? You saw my dad last night?" He gestured his assent, "Yes, yes and yes. I met your father a few months ago on a business trip I made to Puerto Rico, although I wasn't aware of his connection with you back then. I found out recently, the day I visited your grandparents in Boston." "What?" He nodded. "Uh-huh. Last night I visited Senor Tomás in his office in San Juan and afterward we had a delicious taste of the local cuisine in your restaurant, Sylvia's, in Dorado. I spent some time enjoying your outstanding photos of the Puerto Rican flora and fauna on the wall. Guess what?" he continued, amused by her dumbstruck expression, "I have the privilege to have some of my photos displayed on your wall as well!" "What? What are you talking about? You're confusing me!" She exclaimed, feeling a mounting sense of exasperation. "How did you know...? Why would you go...? Why did he...? Argh! I don't care at all! What does any of that have anything to do with your 'wonderful tidings from London' as you so fittingly called it?" After breathing a sigh of contentment upon experiencing the adorable expression of her confused, angry eyes, he couldn't resist giving a hearty laugh, which made her angrier. She shot him an infuriating glare and turned around to leave. He stopped laughing and called her. "Wait, Elizabeth, please don't go yet. Would you look at these pictures? I received them when I arrived in DC this morning. They are exact copies of the originals the photographer took in London for the magazine article you must have seen already." She pivoted back to him fuming. "How can you be so heartless? You know my feelings! Why would I want to see something that will cause me so much pain? Please desist in your..." she stopped in mid-sentence. When she realized what she had said, her cheeks went very pink. Embarrassed, she turned again to go. He quickly took one page and just as she had reached the door, held it in front of her face. The second she saw it, she stopped, took the page and examined the photo, as Charles had done. Her countenance underwent a visible alteration, from anger to mystification, to confusion, and to curiosity. He explained, "As you can begin to surmise, the news you read about my supposed engagement with this other woman in London is an absolute falsehood! The only truth to the article is that I spent some time with her at the Primrose Hill summit in London. The crooked paparazzo they hired did an impressive photo-altering job! It took my lawyer a single call to that gossip publication. Lucky for them, they managed to seize the originals from the photographer. His biggest mistake was not to destroy them in time." The photo was the same as the one in the magazine, showing Darcy embracing a beautiful blonde woman. But there was a significant difference between the two! In this photo, there were other people next to them, a man, an older couple, and a toddler. "He did a perfect job of removing the people around us and blending the surrounds. This man standing next to my so-called fiancée is her husband, who, by the way, is a Hoya alumnus known to Charles. His name is Jeffrey Golden, as Charles just corroborated. This little boy is their son, Jesse, and those are Jeffrey's parents, Susan and Joseph Golden. We've been friends for many years. My mom, Georgie, and Richard also know Jeffrey and his parents, but they haven't met his wife. Her name is Lily Kate Golden, who, by the way, had a wedding ring the whole time. I can't believe you would think me capable of transferring my affections so quickly and so decidedly!" Her cheeks turned pink with embarrassment. "Richard told me she was a former girlfriend of yours." "Blast that loose-lipped cousin of mine! For someone who claims to be so secretive, he blew it! I'll kill him! Yes, Lily was my girlfriend, but only for two weeks, and seven years ago! Ironically, I was the matchmaker who introduced Jeffrey to Kate. I even went to their wedding five years ago in London. Of course, my know-it-all blabbermouth cousin is not so much aware of these facts!" He showed her another photo. Elizabeth was perplexed! "As you can see, I wasn't offering her an engagement ring. It was my cellphone! We should give credit to the low-life photographer who doctored these pictures. He's an expert photo manipulator! That shady tabloid is going to publish a retraction. I told them to wait one day. I wanted to make sure you find out from me if necessary." He paused to allow her to absorb the additional information. Then he went on with great intrepidity, "I can explain why I had that goofball expression in my face. I was showing my friends a photo of a stunning princess from an enchanting Caribbean island. A goddess of love, a temptress who's holding my heart captive." He stopped to savor the sight of her cheeks suffusing with red. This time her heightened appearance bespoke an entirely different feeling. Her eyes began to fill with tears as she softly told him, "I thought I had lost you forever." He smiled affectionately, staring intently at her. Gently, tenderly, he wiped her tears with his thumb and took both of her hands. "You'll never lose me, my dearest, loveliest Elizabeth. Without you, I would be the one who's lost!" No words were necessary to express the intense feelings they were both experiencing in that moment. •••••••••• They moved slowly, tentatively, both staring with hunger at the other's lips, closing the gap between them. Just as their lips were about to touch, her mobile phone interrupted the moment with a fortissimo piano song. "It's Robbie," she said, reaching into her pocket to silence the phone, "He can wait." She caressed him with an affectionate smile, attempting to recapture the moment, but the dogged smartphone rang again. Awkwardly, she silenced it, setting the Do Not Disturb mode. They tried a third time, only to be interrupted by the unrelenting device. "There's nothing in the world I want more than to kiss you right now, my sweet Elizabeth. But I think you'd better answer your phone, as it seems Robbie's determined to talk to you, and I don't want to get on his bad side. As much as I long to claim my price, I'm willing to be patient knowing that we have an entire lifetime of bliss ahead of us." Lizzy's knees felt like melted butter after hearing what virtually amounted as a declaration of everlasting love. Another pesky ring broke the spell. She took the phone and pressed the speaker. "Robbie. This better be very, very important. I'm here with..." "¡Lizzy!" He interrupted her, "¡Tienes que salir para Reagan inmediatamente! Toma un taxi. ¡No manejes! ¡Apúrate!" [You must leave for Reagan immediately! Take a taxi. Don't drive! Hurry!] "Robbie, you're frightening me! Why do I have to go to the airport? What happened?" "I need to go now, Lizzy. Go take a taxi! I'll text you the details." "Robbie!" She cried, "Is it Dad? Did he have an accident? Is he okay? Please tell me!" "It's Abuelo. He was rushed to the hospital for an emergency surgery. I just got here. I'll tell you more when I find out. You must hurry! Don't forget! No matter where you are, take a taxi! Don't drive! I must go now. I'll call you back." The simple thought of the possibility of her grandfather dying proved too much for Lizzy. Every single emotion she had been suppressing the last few days rushed over her body in a sweeping wave. She broke down crying and sobbing. Darcy immediately held her and soothed her as she collapsed into his arms. The door suddenly flew open and Charles came in, followed by Mrs. Reynolds. "Will! What did you do now?" Darcy kept a hold on Lizzy while replying. "Robbie just called. It's a family emergency. I'm taking Elizabeth to the airport. We must go now." "Of course! I'll help." Lizzy was numbed from anguish. Darcy held on to her, his protective instinct overpowered the strong emotions he was feeling by having her so close to him. She buried her head on his shoulder feeling comforted. They left with Charles in Darcy's private elevator. When they arrived at the underground garage, Charles opened the rear door of Darcy's car, motioning for Lizzy to go in first. Darcy sat next to her, never relinquishing her hand. She reclined towards him sobbing softly. Charles hopped in the driver side and pushed the button to start the car. •••••••••• What followed when they arrived at the airport became a blur to Lizzy. Charles somehow had disappeared, leaving Darcy, who had insisted in handling the details of the trip. She wasn't in any disposition to assert her will. Actually, it felt good to have him take care of her. When she finally realized what had happened, they were seated next to each other in Darcy's plane. She was surprised. "How did you manage to do this? I feel terrible now. You arrived from a vacation today; you probably have tons of things to do at the office." "You're my first priority," he replied matter-of-factly, prompting a brief smile and a blush from her. "My plane was prepped already, and we figured it would be faster this way." "Did you talk to my brother?" "In a way. We've texted a few times. If you don't mind, I stole his number from your phone. Robbie's aware of our plans. If all goes well, we'll be at the hospital in less than two hours." "The hospital! Abuelito!" Her mien changed to one of dread, "What happened? How's my grandfather?" "I'm sorry Elizabeth. He had a heart attack. They're performing open heart surgery." "Oh no!" She cried in consternation, "It's my fault! I promised I'd never leave him. I should've been there with him! It's all my fault! Had I been there this wouldn't have happened!" "No Elizabeth! I won't let you take the blame for something that was inevitable. Even if you were with your grandfather 24/7/365, there's no way you could've stopped this from happening." "Yes, but I caused him so much pain for such a long time! I was a selfish, thick-skulled, insensitive, pigheaded, immature fool." "I'm not going to deny that it took you a bit too long to come to your senses. Believe me, Elizabeth, I loved my dad very much and suffered a great deal when he died. However, it's impossible for me to fathom how I would've reacted had my mother died when I was 19. Mothers are unique. They're beyond compare. Every person has his or her own coping mechanism. What's done is done. Please understand this, what happened then has absolutely nothing to do with your grandfather's current situation. You definitely didn't cause this! No one could've foreseen it or change its outcome. Especially at your grandfather's age. I would advise you to concentrate on what you can do to assist them. They'll need you now more than ever, so you must be strong for them." "Thanks," she replied, her tears abating with his reassurances, "but I still think I'm partly responsible for my grandpa's situation. My behavior to my own grandparents was unpardonable. I can't think of it without abhorrence." "You're putting too much responsibility on your shoulders. One thing no one can do is travel to the past, unless you own a time machine or one of those fancy plutonium cars. Ha! In such cases as this, you must remember the philosophy an exceptional lady of my acquaintance once shared with me. She recommended me to think only of the past as its remembrance gives you pleasure." He gave her a big smile. She smiled back. "You're right. I'll try to follow the advice of your wise friend!" She grinned. "I'll be strong for my Abuelito and my Abuelita. And I'll hope for the best!" "That's my girl! Give me a high five!" He held out his hand for a shake, when she touched his hand, he grabbed hers and didn't let go for a while. She blushed and decided to play with him instead of surrendering to his subtle advances. Not while her Abuelito was in danger. "You have a funny side! Is this really you, the serious Mr. Darcy?" "Yes, it is I, my dear Miss Benes. The last few weeks I fell upon trying times, those were days full of distrust, introspection, and self-doubt. This is no longer true! Every obstacle to my future happiness has been removed. And now, being here with you, and contrary to my natural disposition, my happiness is overflowing in mirth." He gave her an ardent smile. She blushed again. He could feel her spirits muddled by her concern for her grandfather, so he opted to take it easy on her. Not too easy, though. She needed to have a clear understanding of his feelings and his intentions. •••••••••• "I have an interesting piece of news for you. We're related." "My ears are deceiving me," she replied with a chuckle, pleased with the subject change to a lighter topic, "I believe I heard you say we're related." "You heard me right. When I was talking with your father last night, I mentioned one of my ancestors from England. She was born in the late eighteenth-century, in 1792 according to the records. Her maiden name was Bennet, spelled with one t, Elizabeth Bennet, your tokaiia," he smiled. She laughed, "Mi tocaya! My namesake! That was impressive! Your pronunciation was spot-on! Who taught you?" She rolled her eyes, "Obviously, who else but Señor Tomás." Darcy was in heaven! 'My God, she's so stunning!' He quickly composed himself and replied. "Yes, he did. I plan on learning more Spanish words from his daughter if she'll be inclined to teach me." She smiled and replied spiritedly, "I can vouch for her willingness and her pleasure in teaching you. Please go on." He continued, "Elizabeth Bennet lived in Longbourn; a country estate from a village located about 24 miles north of London, in the county of Hertfordshire. She married a gentleman by the name of Fitzwilliam Darcy, who was the master of Pemberley, another country estate located in the north of England, in the county of Derbyshire. They were my many-time-great-grandparents. It turns out Elizabeth Bennet was also related to you." "Related? To me? How do you know that?" "When I mentioned her, your father, apparently a man of many secrets, who, by the way, was already aware of our connection..." "My father?" "Yes, when he heard the name of Elizabeth Bennet, he laughed, and then he told me the story of his own ancestor, his great-great-great and so on, grandfather, who also hailed from England. Do you know his story?" "My father!" she replied exasperated, "He has kept so much from me! Why wouldn't he tell me about meeting you?" "He probably suffers from the same malady as my cousin Richard. With the exception of his idiotic tattle last night, his motto is: 'I'll always give you the minimal information you need to survive.'" "Yes! Same as my dad! I believe they have watched too many horror movies. My dad thinks I'm this fragile little girl who's going to be devoured by the evil world. He always says he only wants to protect me, but I think he's only paranoid! Can you believe that when I first came to Georgetown, he wanted to hire a bodyguard to escort me whenever I was out of my apartment? We had a big argument about this, and I prevailed. Otherwise, I wouldn't have gone to Georgetown, and I wouldn't be here now with you," she grinned. He chuckled, 'That's what you think! If you only knew, my sweet darling!' "Then I'm glad you prevailed! Parents! Sometimes they forget we're no longer helpless children, but capable adults. So, do you know the story of your ancestor?" "Yes, my great-great-etcetera grandfather's name was Thomas Robert Bennet, with one t as well. He was the youngest son of a landowner with a country estate in Hertfordshire, also named Longbourn. By the way, my dad renamed my apartment complex to that same name when he bought it. So, my Thomas and your Elizabeth both hailed from Longbourn. Could it be? Were they related?" "It appears so, their surname, birthdates, and dwelling match perfectly. He was 20 years Elizabeth's senior, and left Longbourn at 15, five years before she was born. Please go on." "Wow! So, Thomas Robert cut ties with his family. As you said, that was when he was a boy of 15, in 1787, so it matches indeed! He ran away, never to return. I would imagine his relatives thought he was dead. He changed his last name to Benes, boarded a ship from Spain to the Americas, and settled down in Puerto Rico where he made his fortune. Your cousin Richard is familiar with the story of my ancestor. I suspect he knows about our connection to your family as well." "Blasted Richard! I should've known. And he didn't share with me! I'll never trust him again!" "You must not blame your cousin. He did it at Charlotte's request. She only wanted to protect me." "Protect you? From me? Hmm... So much unwarranted protection! I'm going to have a long talk with my cousin. I guess if there ever were any misgivings about his loyalty to Charlotte, this blows it out of the water! I wonder what would have happened... But that's another story. Returning to the matter of our foreparents, it turns out that my great-great-and so on grandmother was the niece of your great-great-and so forth grandfather. This means that we're related by blood." "That's amazing!" She exclaimed, "What are the odds? Your Elizabeth Bennet-Darcy was my distant cousin. Ha! Wait a minute; I believe I've seen her somewhere... I remember now, I saw her twice! Most recently in the locket that you gave me for my birthday. And at your Aunt's Mansion. There was a small bust and a portrait of Mrs. Elizabeth Darcy. Charlotte pointed her out to me. You both suggested we looked alike, but I thought the similarities weren't that obvious. The fact that you both mentioned her, could it had been a coincidence?" He replied with a smile, "I would rather call it a case of pure serendipity. As for the similarities, you're mistaken indeed. I chose the locket originally because of her striking resemblance to you. Mrs. Elizabeth Darcy had the most beautiful eyes. Which reminded me a lot of those of a distant cousin of hers. Needless to say, her cousin's eyes are more sparkling and captivating." He gazed at her, admiring the rosy blush in her soft cheeks. She gazed back with genuine affection. At that moment, both of their hearts beat in unison. He was going to approach her to claim the long-desired kiss, when she interrupted the moment. She thought again of her Grandpa and decided she wasn't deserving of this felicity, not yet. "Can you tell me more about my cousin Elizabeth and my other Bennet relatives?" He was frustrated, but he wasn't going to pressure her, not in her current state. He had to be patient. But steadfast! "I don't know much about her family. When she married Mr. Darcy, they moved north to Derbyshire, leaving her relatives behind. I have good news for you. The original Pemberley House still stands, and my family still owns it. That's where I spent my vacation a few days ago. There are some paintings and drawings of her and her children. We also have an extensive amount of original correspondence between her and her relatives in a sealed trunk at Pemberley. Perhaps one day soon I'll take you there so you can do the research yourself." He gave her a big grin prompting another blush from her. 'Will I ever stop blushing? Teasing, teasing man!' "What a pity," she attempted a joke with her head hovering in the clouds, "Since we're blood-related, we couldn't marry even if we wanted." 'Oh God! What did I just say?' "I'm sorry, I was only teasing you. I don't know what I'm saying." If she only knew the effect those glorious blushes had in him! He wanted to take her in his arms and kiss every inch of her lovely face. 'Control your impulses Mr. Darcy! Restrain yourself!'He didn't waste a second in setting her straight. "That's not true at all! If we wanted, our respective bloodlines have thinned out enough to allow us to marry without any harm to our future children." She had to change the subject before her cheeks would burn. "I'm curious to learn the full story of how you met my dad. What photos of yours have presumed to intrude upon my personal wall in my restaurant?... Wait a minute! I'm remembering something!" she exclaimed with bewilderment, "... You're the 'parrot' guy! Aren't you? How?" He let her off the hook for now. 'There'll be time later. I'll have to think up a proper proposal. An epic one she'll never forget!' "Yes, I am," he said proudly, "I can believe how exceedingly protective your father is of his 'most valuable treasure' as he refers to his baby daughter. Ha-ha! I have a couple of interesting stories for you. Wait until you hear the one about my expedition to 'El Yunque Rainforest' where I embarked in a calamitous search for an elusive parrot. Before I begin, you have to promise not to laugh." "So, it was you!" She exclaimed with excitement, recalling the pictures of the Puerto Rican parrot she had seen last Christmas. They continued chatting the rest of the flight. She was grateful he didn't ask her the real reason why she had been at his office earlier. Had he done so, she would have confessed everything and would have surrendered to her natural impulses and kiss him with reckless abandon! With his colorful accounts of his adventures in the island, Darcy kept Lizzy entertained, providing a valuable assistance to her. She regained her emotional strength and good mood, helping her to prepare for her duty to provide the support and comfort necessary for her family. •••••••••• They arrived at the hospital holding hands, their fingers intertwined in a tight lace. As she was coming into the waiting room where Robbie and his grandma were sitting, she almost broke down crying. One look at the handsome man gently stroking her fingers with his thumb gave her the strength she needed to meet her relatives with composure. Mrs. Grafals immediately went to her and began crying on her shoulder. Lizzy took her to a sofa. They sat together for a long time, both losing track of time. Her exhausted Grandma fell asleep on her shoulder. Lizzy remained awake, thinking of her dear Abuelito, praying to God that he be spared a few more years with her. After a while, she fell asleep too. Four hours later Robbie woke them up. The doctor had informed him that the surgery had been successful. Grandpa was in the recovery room. Robbie had waited to wake them until Grandpa emerged from the effects of the anesthesia. They would be able to see him in a few minutes. Lizzy was euphoric! She was finally ready to embrace her beloved William with her mind, her heart, her soul, her whole self! She looked for him, but he wasn't in the room. "I know who you're looking for, Lizzy. He's gone, he said he had to return to DC as there was much to do at the office. He waited until we received the good news from the doctor, otherwise, he would've remained here to comfort you. I was going to wake you up so you could say goodbye, but he asked me not to. He said you have had a stressful couple of days and needed as much rest as you can get to help our grandparents. He asked for my consent before giving you a kiss on your forehead. Then he whispered a few words in your ear which I couldn't hear, probably some lovey-dovey stuff, and left." Both Robbie and Julia laughed at Lizzy's blush. Robbie continued his teasing. "Lizzy, I hope you're not too mad at me. When I moved your jacket, a letter with Will's name on it fell on the floor and he saw it. I gave it to him. By the way, I caught a whiff of your perfume in the letter." As they noticed her flustered expression, they unleashed their humor! Grandma Julia, who was overjoyed with the wonderful news of her husband, became playful. With a severe expression on her face, she reprimanded Lizzy. "You have a lot to explain, young lady! You've been crisscrossing the country alone with that gentleman. And now he's kissing you in front of your brother? To make matters worse, you wrote him a letter? Perfumed? The shame of it all! You're both compromised and must marry with haste before the gossip reaches our neighbors or we'll be ruined forever! He better has the best of intentions with you, or else Robbie will be forced to challenge him to a duel with swords!" After a hearty laugh, Robbie put one hand on his back and with the other hand he drew a big W with an invisible sword. Letting out a sigh of annoyance, Lizzy replied, "Let's go see my Abuelito, he'll save me from your mischief!" •••••••••• The following days were full of activity for Lizzy. She spent her time nursing her Grandpa, caring for her Grandma, visiting with Robbie and her father, and last but not least, writing, editing, and rewriting the Valedictorian speech. She hadn't seen or talked to William, but he was never far from her thoughts. A few days after she had arrived at Boston, Lizzy requested a special guest from DC to come visit her. She went herself to the airport to pick up and accompany the guest to the hospital. The guest was nervous but Lizzy kept uttering words of reassurance. Finally, they arrived at the hospital. When Grandma Julia saw the surprise guest, she was shocked! There was something in the expression of the face of the young woman, which reminded her of her long-lost son. She embraced her tenderly. "My sweet Catherine, you're so beautiful! You look so much like my Alex. I'm very happy to have you here. Thank you, Lizzy!" Kitty was too nervous to talk. Lizzy replied. "You're welcome Abuelita. We figured it was about time we reunited the whole family!" Julia looked at Kitty with melancholy. "My dear child, I'm aware that we haven't been close due to our struggles with your mother, but I sincerely hope that from now on we can be as intimate with you as we are with Lizzy and Robbie. You're not to blame for the wickedness of that horrible woman." "Please Grandma; I know my mom has done some appalling things to you and Grandpa. But she is my mother and I love her with her virtues and her defects. That doesn't mean I agree with her, though. I promise I'll visit you more often. I beg you not to mention her." "I'm sorry my child, you're right. For your own sake, I'll refrain from making any remarks about her. Your grandfather is going to be so happy to see you! Now that we have all three grandchildren with us, we will be over the moon with joy. Come with me dear, let's go to him." •••••••••• Many years ago, when Kitty was a toddler, Julia and Peter Grafals learned of Fanny's disgraceful affair with Lydia's father, and they had insisted in a quick divorce. A few weeks after they obtained their wishes, their son Alex died in an automobile accident. At the time of the accident, Fanny was already living with the other man, Lydia's father, and Alex had been inconsolable. Julia never forgave Fanny. She held her partially responsible for her son's sudden demise. Had he not been heartbroken about that worthless woman, he would've been alert and would've paid attention to an upcoming steep curve in the middle of winter while driving too fast in that treacherous road. After divorcing Lydia's father, Fanny engaged in a campaign of reckless overspending with some unscrupulous people she befriended, who supported her lifestyle, encouraged her extravagances, and advised her to invest in some risky and ultimately atrocious deals. In a span of less than five years, Fanny squandered all the millions Alex had left for her, including the money that had been set aside for Kitty. Under the influence of her freeloading friends, and with the counsel of a ruthless lawyer, Fanny then sued the Grafals to obtain Alex's inheritance from them, claiming that Kitty was penniless. The Grafals agreed to give her their son's share to avoid the scandal she had threatened and the smearing of Alex's good name. Not one to learn from past mistakes, Fanny returned to her old ways and in a few more years she was penniless again. Since then, the Grafals dropped all contact with Fanny and her family. Therefore, they hadn't seen much of Kitty. When they found out she was under Lizzy's and Robbie's protection they had been satisfied but a little cautious. Kitty wasn't aware of the new inheritance her grandparents had set up for her, only after they were absolutely convinced that she wasn't going to be under her mother's influence. Robbie was the executor of their will and had the burden of decision. The main requirement was for Kitty to complete a college degree, obtain gainful employment and be completely and absolutely independent of her mother. In the meantime, away from Fanny and Lydia's influence, Kitty continued to blossom into a mature young lady. Lizzy's and Robbie's renewed introduction of Kitty to their grandparents brought about some fortunate consequences. Unintentionally, the siblings changed the lives of their relatives in more than one way. For the better! •••••••••• Lizzy returned to DC the morning of her graduation. Her grandfather hadn't been allowed to attend and Lizzy had promised to remain with him until the last day. She delivered her Valedictorian speech to him and him alone the previous night. It became a deeply emotional experience for both due to some of the content of her address. But the mixture of sweetness and liveliness in her manner and the humor in her speech had also been a balm to his convalescent heart. More than the graduation with all of its comings and goings, more than the moments of closeness with her friends, and even more than her valedictorian speech, Lizzy had been looking forward to the opportunity to see William again. Her eagerness to have any type of contact with him had been prevented by her sense of duty to her grandparents. He could've contacted her, though! Or better yet, he could've come to her. For some reason only known to him, he chose not to. She had been too busy with her family to dwell much about this, but today was the day of reckoning! Early that day, Lizzy arrived at her Longbourn apartment with her dad, Robbie, Grandma Julia, Aunt Trish, Uncle Mino, and all her cousins in tow. Jane, Charles and Kitty were waiting for them. They were looking forward to the experience of meeting the famous Isabel Coldán, Lizzy's twin cousin, the 'love of her life'. They weren't let down. Isabel Coldán looked like a tiny copy of Lizzy. She was wearing an adorable deep blue dress Lizzy had bought for her for the occasion, same as Lizzy's, and her hair had been styled to match her favorite cousin's hairdo. Their friends and relatives had an awesome time enjoying the witty banter and shenanigans of the clever twin cousins and the dashing Coldán boys. A while later, Lizzy left in advance of everyone for Gaston Hall, as she had to get ready for the McDonough School of Business Tropaia Ceremony. Instead of feeling the anticipation and excitement of the activities to come, her mind wandered off towards him. She had expected, no, she had yearned to see him waiting for her in her apartment with the others, but he didn't show up. She had asked Charles about him, but he gave some vague answer about critical business concerns, and that was it. She understood he was busy, but he could've taken some time for her. Why not? When she was driving, she received a surprising phone call. Excited, she pressed the call button on the car. "Hey!" "Miss Elizabeth Benes, I'm going to your graduation!"
A/N: I totally agree with you. Darcy is arrogant, conceited, and has a selfish disdain for the feelings of others! He made fun of Lizzy when she was in a vulnerable state, although he quickly redeemed himself fabulously! But then, when she was in the hospital caring for her sick grandpa, he abandoned her again! What a brute! He definitely doesn't deserve her. I failed! I'd stop writing this worthless book because it has become rubbish, but I promised I'd finish it and I will. I think I'll take my revenge on that hideous Mr. Darcy! I have a great idea; in the next chapter, I'll torture him slowly until he dies screaming in agony. No, I can do worse; I'll bring back Caroline and marry her to Darcy so they'll make each other's lives a nightmare! Then I'll come up with a nice man for Lizzy. I have the right fellow! Toady Mr. Collins will be back! That's it! He'll be an idyllic hubby for my beloved heroine! On second thought, maybe the charming rake George Wickham could be what Lizzy needs to add a little bit of spice to her life! I have to thank you for giving me some inspiration for this chapter. I had to make a few changes to the previous chapter (Lizzy's thoughts at the end) to include the inspiration motivated by your comments. Thanks again! I'm slow... slow... slower than molasses... But I hope in the end, I'll deliver the goods to you. If not, oh well, at least I'll have the satisfaction to know I tried my best. And I enjoyed the process very much. As before, I borrowed some text from Jane Austen, and also from Georgetown University's Tropaia. I hope they won't go after me... Here's the next to last chapter. I sincerely hope you like it. If you're still there... Monica/Lizzy Jargon in order of appearance: brick = long time slim = term of endearment geekin = super excited fantabulerrific = incredibly amazing verbaiche = amazingly verbose Cofresí = Puerto Rican Pirate Roberto Cofresí gooskey = timid Imonna = I'm going to jibber jabber = senseless speech fattuzing = exaggerating beyond belief mendokusai = troublesome, annoying •••••••••• Chapter 34 - The McDonough School of Business Tropaia When Lizzy stepped outside Longbourn, and before going to her car, she went for a brief walk in the grounds behind the building. She took a few breaths while feasting her eyes on the natural scenery. The park was displaying its colorful spring fashions that Friday morning in May. It had been less than a week, but Lizzy noticed the change in the vegetation over those few days. The fresh morning air dancing a reel with her soft curls refreshed her soul. Spring, what an inspiring name! Spring is the season of new beginnings. Pristine flowers sprouting everywhere. Hibernating animals rousing from their long forty winks, eager to perform their duty to breed and raise their offspring. The earth returning to life. The expression in Spanish is Primavera, 'prima' and 'vera', 'primer verdor' or first greenery; rebirth, regrowth, renewal. A fitting name indeed! Our heroine was, in like manner, making a fresh start in her young life. Where would it take her? Her future was open to new opportunities, new possibilities, and new challenges. Her new life was a tabula rasa, with many variables, unknowns, and uncertainties. After her short, invigorating walk, she pressed the button on the remote to power down the top of the convertible, got in, let her long hair loose, put on her sunglasses, and drove off. As she was leaving Longbourn, the rich musical warble of a Purple Finch caught her attention. The melody originated from a nest hidden in a low branch of a cherry blossom tree. She had come across it a few weeks before her recent stay in Boston and had been checking it almost every day. She stopped to enjoy the melody. Suddenly, one of the prior nestlings, now displaying a full-fledged set of flight feathers, took off like a rocket, landing in a nearby tree with finesse, and instantly disappearing from view. A couple of seconds later, a second fledgling took off and set out in another direction. And a third! And a fourth! The nest now laid empty except for the serenading bird with the handsome raspberry red plumage. The proud father capped his performance with a high, resounding note, as if commemorating the happy occasion of its entire brood taking their solo flights, thus beginning their new adventures outside the confines of the nest. Lizzy continued her drive while remarking mirthfully to the young birds, "Welcome to your new and uncertain lives, my fellow graduates!" •••••••••• During the drive to Georgetown University, Lizzy was brooding on the disappearance of Mr. Darcy the last few days. Once again, he proved to be an enigma! She remembered the last day they had been together. When he arrived at his office and saw her, he behaved in a strange manner. Even though she had spent a considerable amount of time thinking about it, she wasn't yet ready to make out an illustration of his character that morning. He had either been a besotted man rendered giddy by the violence of his love for her, or the selfish and haughty reprobate she had known at the beginning of their acquaintance. Based on his behavior the last few days, the latter representation was gaining popularity in her mind. However, to add to her confusion, that same day, as soon as she was rendered vulnerable by her grandfather's unexpected emergency, Mr. Darcy metamorphosed into a nurturing, caring, engaging, and thoughtful knight in shining armor. A passionate and faithful friend, her heart's desire. If that wasn't enough, he had declared his true love and serious intentions towards her! And all for what? He couldn't but be absolutely certain that she reciprocated his feelings, especially after he read the soul-baring letter she had written him! But instead of coming to her to claim the last vestiges of her heart, the mercurial Mr. Darcy put on another act of disappearance! Lizzy felt dejected. Mr. Darcy was an infuriating man beyond redemption, an inconstant lover! Her mind was agitated and confused. 'I believe a future with someone like him can only offer a bleak prospect for me! Why couldn't he come to my apartment this morning? What business matter should be more important than being with me? Didn't he say I was his first priority? Were those just empty words? What if he doesn't show up for my dinner party tonight? If he doesn't come to me then, I'll give up on him entirely!' The car phone opportunely interrupted her tumultuous thoughts. "Hey!" "Miss Elizabeth Benes, I'm going to your graduation!" "Monica Carter! My favorite high-schooler ever! We haven't talked in ages! That's a brick! I know you're coming to my graduation since I happened to issue the invitation. We'll see each other this afternoon. Yeah!" Monica replied, "No slim, not just this afternoon. This morning too. I'm going to your Tropaia! I'm so geekin!" Lizzy was confused. "But, how did you get a ticket? I thought Gaston Hall was chock-full?" "I have my connections girlie! Besides, I wanna be there to help you haul all the booty you're gonna get and then I'm gonna get blown away by your fantabulerrific speech!" Lizzy laughed. "You're so verbaiche! And naughty to boot! Don't expect me to dig up the hidden treasure of Cofresí. I'm only getting a measly trophy or two, and I don't think they're made out of gold. I'm gonna bore you stiff with my lame speech." "Oh Lizzy, don't be a gooskey. You know Imonna love your jibber jabber. You're getting a million trophies! And you're the one and only valedictorian, the best ever!" "Monica, Monica, stop fattuzing. You're mistaken, my mendokusai friend. I'm only the valedictorian for the School of Business. We have valedictorians in each of the other schools." "Details, details. Oh Lizzy, there's so much I have to tell you. Last Saturday I went to visit my father with Joey and Kassandra. You won't believe how emotional it turned out to be..." •••••••••• The Georgetown University's Robert Emmett McDonough School of Business Tropaia Ceremony was about to begin. The Jewel in the Crown, the ornate 740 seat Gaston Hall auditorium was filled to capacity. Lizzy had been diligent a few weeks ago when she had secured the tickets she needed for her family and her two best friends, all in the lower level, close to her. Luckily, many of her classmates weren't interested in inviting anyone to come to the Tropaia, preferring to invite their relatives and friends to the real graduation, the Commencement Ceremony, to be held later that day in the afternoon at the Healy Lawn, a large, open space outdoor venue overlooking the magnificent Healy Hall building. As the valedictorian, Lizzy was marching ahead of her fellow students when Monica surprised everyone by stopping the line to embrace her. When Lizzy continued on her way down the aisle, she greeted her Dad, Robbie, Kitty, Grandma Julia, the Coldans, Charlotte, and Jane, who were seated together on one side of the hall. To her surprise, Richard and Charles were there as well. Another surprise was to see the whole Gardiner family behind her own. Jessica and Reynaldo Morres were also there! And Monica's mother and her siblings! She had invited them all to the Commencement Ceremony. Not to this relatively confined auditorium. 'Wonderful! The more the merrier. Of course, I know why they're here. They want to be blown away by my fantabulerrific jibber jabber. Ha! How did they get all those tickets when I had such a hard time getting mine? Why didn't they tell me?' Before reaching her place in the front, she heard her name, "Lizzy Benes!" shouted from the other side of the hall. Georgiana Darcy and her mother were waving and smiling at her! They appeared to be with a group of friends. From behind them, Anne de Bourgh suddenly appeared, giving her a thumbs-up, astounding Lizzy yet again! As soon as she arrived at her station, she turned back to scan in the direction of the Darcys, looking for a special someone, but she didn't find him. 'He's so tall that he would be impossible to miss. Based on Charles' report, he's busy at work. But why are the rest of his family here? It can't be for me.' One member of the Darcy party, a blonde woman standing between Mrs. Darcy and Georgie, met Lizzy's eyes and bowed her head in a timid nod. Rattled at being caught, Lizzy turned forward abruptly. The woman seemed familiar, but at that moment, she couldn't remember where she'd seen her. Perhaps in a photo at the Darcys or at Rosings. Lizzy surmised that the Darcys had a relative or a family friend graduating today as well. She wondered why Richard didn't mention it. 'Perhaps he was trying to spare my feelings. What about Georgie, she could've told me before? Speaking of Georgie, I'm mad at her! She hasn't called me, not once! She didn't even send me a sympathy text message about my sick abuelito. What's wrong with the Darcys? Oh well, I'll see her tonight. Although at the rate we're going, I may not even have the chance to talk to her at all! They'll surely have a party with their graduate relation tonight. I don't care! I'm so happy to see Anne finally out of Rosings Park. That's a big achievement in itself. I'll say hello to her if I can. She's a silver lining in a cloudy sky.' Lizzy's anger and frustration with Williams' absence became more pronounced. If she was mistaken and he was there, she lied to herself that she didn't care anymore. 'He's an inconstant and unreliable suitor! It won't bother me one way or another if he's here or not. I'm not going to let him ruin my special day! I won't think of him again. Tomorrow I'll leave and won't come back to this odious place! Never again!' To reinforce this resolution, she engaged in entertaining conversations with her fellow graduates, talking about their future plans. When the ceremony began, they were called to silence. Lizzy initiated a chat with her mom in her mind. '[Mamita, estás aquí. Te puedo sentir con mi corazón. ¡Lo logramos!] Mommy, you're here. I can feel you with my heart. We did it! This is only the beginning for us. You'll always be with me. I'll be guided forever by the intensity of your light. I love you so much.' She continued her mute conversation until they were interrupted by the Master of Ceremonies. •••••••••• "Good morning, Dean Roderick, Father Oslovich, distinguished guests, faculty, parents, family, friends, and graduating students. It is my pleasure to welcome you to Georgetown University's _ Tropaia exercises of the McDonnell School of Business ... Today we assemble to honor our students for their academic achievements and their service to the community ..." Father Oslovich was called to the podium next to offer the invocation. "In the name of the father, and the son, and the holy spirit..." After the invocation, the host returned to begin the presentation of the Tropaia awards for academic excellence. The first awardees were the graduates with an Accounting major, followed by those with a Finance major. Lizzy received the first trophy in the second group. "The McDonnell School of Business Finance Faculty Award for Academic Excellence is given to Elizabeth A. Benes. Following graduation, Elizabeth is moving back home to continue her studies at the University of Puerto Rico School of Law. Lizzy, are you sure you won't reconsider and remain at Georgetown University as you originally intended? We have a fine law school not far from here. Yes, we call it Georgetown Law. It is as exceptional as you are, so it would be a great fit. We'll take you back without exceptions or conditions. Just say the word!" Lizzy laughed while accepting the award, and then she gave the master of ceremonies a warm embrace before continuing on her way. She also earned group acknowledgment as a member of the Beta Gamma Sigma, the Alpha Sigma Nu, the Financial Management Association National Honor Society, and as a Summa Cum Laude. The master of ceremonies announced the final individual award, the school valedictorian. "Each year, the McDonough School of Business presents the Valedictorian Award to the graduating senior in recognition of outstanding achievement in the field of business. This year our Valedictorian is Elizabeth A. Benes, who, with a GPA of 3.995 is the highest-ranking student in the class of _. Over the last four years, Lizzy has made our university very proud with her participation and leadership in the activities of the One World Youth Project, a global education program for middle and high school students, where she has had a positive influence in the lives of some of our future leaders. As a token of appreciation for her meritorious service, we have invited her favorite One World Youth Project students to this ceremony. Please stand to... Oh! There they are! Ha! Say hi to Lizzy!" From the back of the hall, the OWYP students chanted, "We promise, Lizzy!" to the laughter of everyone and the amusement of the few who understood their meaning. "And now, please welcome Miss Benes, who will say a few words on behalf of this year's graduating class." Initially, she felt a little nervous, but when she stood at the podium, her confidence returned with the recollection of all the time and effort she invested, which led her to this proud moment. She took a satisfying look at the people reunited in the room. First, she waved at her family and friends. Then she gave a thumbs-up to her OWYP students with a smile. Expecting a miracle, she stole a glance at the area where the Darcys were seated, to be disappointed again. But then, she recognized the woman seated between the Darcy ladies. She was Mr. Darcy's supposed fiancée from London! During her stay at the hospital in Boston, Lizzy had refused to talk about anything related to William with her father, because she was crossed with him for having kept so much from her for such a long time. Not only was he very well acquainted with William's family, but he had also met William some months ago in Puerto Rico! He even put his photos of the parrot on her wall! And he never mentioned anything about it to her. It was unpardonable! But she loved her father too much to stay mad at him for long despite his inexcusable concealment of particulars. He was still cocooning her as if she was this fragile, innocent little girl! One of these days, he would have to accept that she was an adult, a full fledgling who already left the nest! So, she forgave him but maintained her resolution not to utter a single word about William until the man himself came back to her and she had accepted him. She was glad her other relatives also respected her desire for privacy in that regard. She thought it was only a matter of days. Unfortunately, the capricious Mr. Darcy abandoned her again! And now, to see her, of all people! 'Why is that woman here? Did he lie to me? But, what about the photos he showed me? I'm confused. Is this some sort of sick joke? Enough! I don't care anymore about those people! I hate them all! I won't let them intimidate me! They're not worth my notice.' Shrugging her shoulders, her attention shifted fully to her fellow graduates. She put her papers on the stand, adjusted the microphone, smiled, and began her speech. •••••••••• "Hello, Dean Roderick, Father Oslovich, administrators, faculty members, parents, guests, and my fellow graduates. I hope you are all doing as great this morning as I am. Before I forget, I want everyone to meet my Grandma Julia. Hi Grandma, I love you! My Grandpa Ralph couldn't be here because he was in the hospital in critical condition last week but is doing much better now, thank God. Here's to you abuelito! Let's give him a big hooray!" "Hooray!" "I would like to begin my Cohongurotun Address by expressing my deepest gratitude to those individuals who have played a significant role in the successful completion of our degrees. Let's honor our parents, relatives, and or our benefactors, for putting their faith in us and giving us their steadfast support. They placed at our disposition all the resources we needed for reaching our goals, including opening their wallets in such a bountiful scale! Thank you dad, I love you but I'm not paying you back." She blew a kiss to her father who stood, shook his head feigning indignation, and returned the kiss with a smile. Laughter and applause. "I would also like to congratulate those of you who have made numerous sacrifices to arrive at this proud moment. In addition to your full academic workloads these four years, you had to deal with part-time or full-time jobs, including internships, athletic activities, clubs, voluntary work, and or, the dreaded student loans. You're a tangible proof of the validity of that wise old proverb: 'where there's a will, there's a way'. Your dedication, efficiency, and firmness of purpose clinched your victory, while others with greater advantages remained in the sidelines like fainthearted investors. You all deserve a very noisy cheer!" Loud applause and cheers. "There's one more person in particular that I want to honor today. She's not here physically, but I can feel her spirit. Sometime during my sophomore year, I had the misfortune of losing my mother. It happened so fast, one moment she was with me, and the next moment she was gone... In those overwhelmingly painful times, I wanted to quit everything, give up, stay home, and do nothing. But my mom firmly forbade it! Her last words to me, besides the professions of love, were the following, 'do your absolute best to make me proud.' I believe I did Mamita. This is for you! Can we observe a moment of silence in memory of my mom, and or any of your missing loved ones?" Gaston Hall was overcome by a poignant sadness. Some felt it more than others did. Lizzy's brother and father couldn't help shedding a few tears. Lizzy, who had the advantage of having rehearsed her speech many times, especially with her grandfather the previous night, was the first to recover. "I also have to recognize the first-rate service the whole staff of Georgetown University provided us to help us adjust to our new environment and make our lives a whole lot more bearable. I have to single out one person, our Master of Ceremonies, Dr. Addy Espiet, who was my academic advisor these past four years. Dr. Addy guided me throughout the whole complicated process of developing my study plan, selecting all of my classes, and registering for them. Above and beyond all other considerations, her academic, professional and personal advice, support, and encouragement have been invaluable to me. I have the honor of calling her my friend. I've encountered many caring professionals like Dr. Addy at Georgetown University. Thank you for your dedication to us. I salute you all." Applause. "Some of us are continuing our suffering, call us masochists, and will pursue more advanced degrees. While others have opted to join the workforce. Ah, the good life! No more taking unbelievably boring or impossibly difficult classes just because they are required, or struggling to memorize useless material, which your professor deemed to be crucial knowledge for our future careers. That reminds me… What is the inverse cosecant of the square root of two? Huh? Who else in the world would know this, but my estimable Calculus professor Dr. Lallave?" Laughter. Dr. Lallave stood and very solemnly pronounced, "Pi over four radians, or 45 degrees." More laughter and applause. Lizzy rolled her eyes with a smile and continued, "No more struggling with sleep deprivation! No more sacrificing holidays and weekends grinding away studying for tests! No more writing elaborate and brilliant research papers that will end up in the waste basket. I clearly remember a three thousand word paper I burned the midnight oil researching and writing for my Investment Banking class. It was about the valuation of synergies. For those who don't know this meaning, synergy is the creation of a whole that is greater than the sum of its parts. In other words, the combination of two or more companies will result in a more valuable company than the companies added separately. Is that as clear as mud? Ha! I decided to combine the following three companies." With the help of Dr. Addy, she held a giant poster with the following information: COMPANY NAME - Description FAT BURNING MENTORS – Firm of Weight Management Advisors BASTER MEAT & VEGGIES SUPPLY - Sellers of Specialized Cooking Utensils ARDUOUS EXERCISE ALLIES LLC - Partnership of Extreme Exercise Physiologists "I made an exhaustive analysis of the merger, exploited the expertise of each company, and streamlined the job responsibilities into three equal tiers: behavior, nutrition, and exercise. And finally, I consolidated some departments: Sales, Marketing, and HR, among others. My extensive valuation of synergy resulted in a combined increase in value of four hundred fifty-five percent compared with the companies operating independently. Four hundred and fifty-five percent! I had the Midas touch! But my professor gave me a C-minus for my paper. A C-minus! Only because of one little detail: he didn't approve of my brand naming strategy, which I thought was very ingenious. I combined the first few letters of each company to create the ultimate new company name. The first one was Fat; the second was Bast; and the third one... Fat Bast... I thought it was so clever! A great motivational tool! Not the professor! Picky, Picky..." The hall erupted in laughter. "The lesson I learned here is... there's no lesson, I just would advise other students at Georgetown to be very careful with the persnickety Dr. Dolanski." More laughter and applause. "Today is a special day we'll all remember with fondness. In the future, we'll all have regrets, disappointments, and many obstacles we'd rather not face. However, we will overcome any adversity thrown at us. Because today we have proven to ourselves and to the world that when we set a goal to achieve an objective, no matter how difficult or impossible it may seem, we never give up, we don't surrender. No, instead, as duly certified Georgetown University graduates, we roll up our sleeves, we make a plan, we work hard, we work smart, and we hit the mark. Yes, we work smart! Thank God for cheat sheets! You can't believe the number of teensy-weensy formulas and equations you can cram in a standard and 'allowed', no shenanigans here, 4 by 6 inch index card, when you have the right tools. Micro tools enhanced with 3D drafting design. I can't provide more details about this technology because the paraphernalia we used is patent pending. How else was I supposed to defeat that bloodthirsty final? Please don't ask me why I took the Principles of Physics class! And with Dr. Khan! Dr. Addy warned me against it on both scores. Doesn't matter now, I loved the professor and I crushed the test! Thanks to my two innovator wizards, Eric and Susan, for helping me create that perfect lethal weapon. Dr. Khan, you didn't hear this." She pointed to two students who stood up and bowed to the smiling and head-shaking Physics professor, who had come to this ceremony at Lizzy's request. More laughter and applause. "Today, we'll have the privilege to call ourselves Hoya Alumni. How grand does that sound? This honor will be our standard bearer for our future endeavors. We'll never lose track. Because our life compass will always be calibrated with the momentous achievement we're celebrating today. Let's hang our diplomas proudly and always cherish it for its symbolism. It represents our strength of character, our perseverance, our willingness to take on challenges, and our ability to succeed. To be honest, we didn't accomplish all that on our own. No, all joking aside, we literally stood on the shoulders of giants. I want to thank our distinguished professors, whose primary goal have been to guide us as mentors. They have opened our eyes to a whole new world of possibilities. Dear Georgetown professors, you have invested your lives to ensure that we are empowered to face up the obstacles that life is going to throw at us. You have honed our skills of critical thinking, curiosity, creativity, ingenuity, discrimination, and determination. You have taught us that the word impossible is not a hindrance but a catalyst for our further development. You encouraged us to continue our search for the truth and to do our utmost for the betterment of society. I bow to you in gratitude, dear professors." Applause. "Today, we'll feel the exhilaration of being on top of the world, but let's also remember that our lives are just beginning. Our quest for learning and personal growth never ends. One last thing, I had a wonderful and exciting experience at the One World Youth Project. Yeah! The most important lesson I learned while working with my students is that each one of us can make a difference. If we contribute to the improvement of one person, we will be fulfilled and our efforts will bear abundant fruit. If we repeat the process, the result of our efforts will multiply exponentially. So, let's keep up the good work. As we exit the revered Healy Gates for one last time, let us make this promise to ourselves and let us keep it: we'll make our loved ones and ourselves proud. Never give up! We did it Mamita! I love you! Thank you all. Hoya Saxa!" •••••••••• Lizzy's speech drew applause for many minutes. She had to bow a couple of times. Finally, the applause died down and Lizzy went back to sit with her fellow students. The ceremony continued with awards to the most distinguished professors. Then the Master of Ceremonies returned to the podium. "To conclude our ceremony, please welcome the Dean of the McDonough School of Business of Georgetown University, Dr. Ralph Roderick." "Thank you and congratulations, my fine graduates. To close this Tropaia, prepare yourselves for my speech where I will enlighten you on everything you need to know and do after your commencement ceremony this afternoon. Due to time constraints, I'll give you the condensed version, which only lasts three and a half hours. Ha! Don't you worry, I'm jesting. This year I'm doing something special that all of you, especially the ladies, will appreciate. I invited someone else to speak on my behalf. This young man graduated seven years ago from our McDonough School of Business and four years ago from Georgetown Law. Then, he took over his father's firm. In those four years, with his fresh and ingenious ideas and decision-making abilities, which, needless to say, were shaped by our humble Georgetown University, and with the excellent support staff he assembled, he has catapulted his company into an international powerhouse and has achieved remarkable financial and entrepreneurial success. He's a philanthropist and a prominent member of our community. Although he prefers to avoid the limelight, he can't escape it. He's in the list of America's most successful entrepreneurs under 30, and most eligible bachelors in their 20s. So, this is your chance young ladies! Ha! Today he has a few words of wisdom for all of you. It gives me a tremendous pleasure to introduce my good friend, Mr. ..."
Start of A/N Hello, my friends. This is the last chapter! I'll probably add one or two epilogues (I'd like to experience Lizzy's wedding in Dorado and have a vignette inspired by Jennifer Ehle and Colin Firth twenty-five years later). And then I'll edit the whole story to remove as many errors as I can and make a minor change or two (I'll try to review all your comments). And finally, I'll publish this somewhere. And then I'll start the next story, with proper betas of course! (I doubt it….) The problem with this is that it will take so…. very… long…. Thank you again, my faithful reviewers, for sticking with me until the very end. I am very grateful for your assistance throughout these years. You're the best! In this final chapter, I have to thank someone special. Let me explain. Some chapters ago, one of you, I believe it was Carolineonestop, motivated me to remove and rewrite a whole chapter. This time Motherof8 got to me. I will say that I totally disagree with you, he's definitely not a cad (a man who behaves dishonorably, especially towards a woman) and she's not a wet noodle (a dupe, a wimp, a crybaby). I'll tell you why... No, you're too upset with me to listen without prejudice (ha). I'll have Darcy respond to you. I hope he can convince you that, even though they're both imperfectly perfect human beings with some defects and many virtues, they have the potential and the strong incentive to 'improve in essentials' and become worthy of each other. And maybe, fingers crossed, you can give our hero another opportunity. If you don't, I'll be very sad. Either way, thank you for your honest review. You helped me write this chapter. I'm indebted to you. Please don't forget that this is a simple romantic comedy based on a phenomenal masterpiece by an amazingly gifted writer, with many twists and turns and a Happy Ever After. Nothing more, nothing less. You'll be mad at me again because Lizzy experiences another wild ride. The good news is that this time her pain is fleeting. It would feel as if she's on a roller coaster ride. In the beginning, she feels the anxiety of anticipation. Later, during the initial 'downward plunge', she feels some pain, but this feeling only lasts for a few seconds. And she confronts it head on! The rest of the ride is pure exhilaration, ecstasy, and bliss! I'm sure the agony she might have endured during those few initial seconds helped to intensify the succeeding wild ride! One last thing. I can't believe I began writing this book during my daughter's High School senior year and now I finished my last chapter during her college graduation week! She just graduated Saturday! And she changed majors from English to Business! - Not because of my book of course! - Purely coincidental - She's not in Finance but in Accounting - And unfortunately not from Georgetown, but from another fine university far away. How time flies! Almost four years! Here's the final chapter, I hope you like it. Please review and criticize at will! But please be nice, remember that this is a labor of love. End of A/N Chapter 35 - Love Her with All the Passion You Can Muster "It gives me a tremendous pleasure to introduce my good friend, Mr. William F. Darcy, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Darcy Enterprises!" Owing to the effusive introduction from Dean Roderick, Darcy received a standing ovation. He began his walk from the back of the balcony, where he had been hiding during the whole ceremony. He descended the side stairs, gave Dean Roderick a quick hug, and moved to the podium. When the drop-dead gorgeous man came into full view, and when he, in a reflexive motion, handsomely brushed his lush brown hair with his fingers, Gaston Hall exploded in cheers and whistles. The whole female audience seemed to be cheering, as well as some wooed males who joined in the shouts. He was smiling, displaying an appealing look of self-confidence mixed with mirth. From the instant she had ascertained the identity of the speaker Dean Roderick was introducing, and after the initial butterflies in her stomach, Lizzy had been determined to ignore him! Her eyes were trained on her twiddling thumbs resting on her lap. When she heard the vociferous cheering, curiosity got the better of her, and she turned forward to face the capricious man whose presence had upset her composure. He regaled her with a winning smile, causing her to return her attention to her fingers. After many screams and cheers, the room settled down and Darcy began his speech. "Thank you, Ralph, I think you went a little overboard with your generous introduction. Although, I can't complain. Ha! Hello, distinguished administrators, staff, faculty, parents, friends, and fine graduates. This is such an important day, isn't it? I can still remember my own Tropaia, seven years ago, when I was where you are now. I had so many questions and a million apprehensions about my future. Am I good enough? Am I smart enough? Am I deserving enough? Will I make the right choices? I'm sorry to say that my state was such, that I barely remember the speech of that day's valedictorian. This year's exceptional Cohongurotun orator is another story. I'm confident her engaging speech will endure for the ages, if not for the merited recognitions and critical lessons she conveyed, then certainly for the timeless humor mixed with the encouragement and profundity of her discourse. Great job Miss Benes! Okay, back to my speech. The first lesson I'll share with you today is about the key to success. For a long time, I erroneously believed I was the only person responsible for the prosperity we were achieving at my firm. The great William F. Darcy, megastar extraordinaire! What an inflated ego! One day, I was properly humbled and became enlightened of my folly. That day I realized how deeply flawed my assumptions were. I was nothing more than a single link of a long and robust chain, a freshman conductor leading a cast of extremely gifted musicians. Aside from the fortunate market conditions we encountered, I belonged to a team of outstanding individuals, just as our valedictorian's two innovator wizards. Most of my team members are much more brilliant than I am in their respective areas of expertise, and are just as responsible, if not more, for the success of my firm. So, here comes my first important lesson which will be conveyed in three parts. To begin with, surround yourselves with people who are, at a minimum, as intelligent and talented as you are. Second, as you were encouraged a few minutes ago, roll up your sleeves, make a plan, work hard, and work smart. Finally, give your team members your full support and allow them the space to realize their full potential, and the sky will be the limit of your success!" He smiled at Lizzy and paused briefly to drink some water. "I have another lesson, in a subject a little removed from your areas of study, but it will prove invaluable to all of you. This one is about journalism. A tabloid magazine published this article last week." He had a remote-control device in his hand. He clicked it and behind him, an oversized screen began to rise, stopping just below the mural of Alma Mater, the bountiful mother, bestowing victory wreaths upon Art and Science, and above the Lagrange, Cassini and Kircher nameplates. The academic staff on the stage promptly turned their chairs in order to save their necks. Another click displayed the heading: SORRY LADIES, WILLIAM DARCY IS OFFICIALLY ENGAGED, followed by the photos of himself and his bride-to-be. A loud "Oh No!" filled the great hall, followed by laughter. He smiled and continued. "How do you like this article? This happened in London last Sunday. By the way, my lovely fiancée is here in this great hall, seated between my sister and my mom. Please say hello to Lily Kate." A beautiful blonde lady stood, and waved at the audience, receiving a polite applause. Up to that moment, Lizzy had been pleased with his compliments and clever references to her speech, and her resistance was weakening. But now, upon seeing the insulting display, she felt a shock of electricity coursing through her body! She wanted the earth to swallow her. 'What's going on? Why is he showing that phony article? Did he lie to me? Why is he even here? Why did he bring her! Why are they intent on ruining my Tropaia?' She felt an urgent impulse to flee, but then she considered if she did that, they would win over her. No, she wasn't going to let them intimidate her. In a fraction of a second, her feelings for that man took a quick turn for the worse! She remained seated, staring at him with a look of disgust and a challenging attitude. By just taking a quick glance at her face, Darcy immediately realized it had been a stupid and a moronic idea to show this article and to joke about it! He should've listened to his family and his friends! He hastened to end it pronto! "And now begins my lesson in journalism." He stared intently at Lizzy while pressing the clicker. The word 'RUBBISH!' grew from a tiny point in the middle, to cover the screen diagonally in bold letters from corner to corner. "This is my second lesson. Don't trust everything you read in shady magazines. I have good news for you ladies, I'm back in the marriage market!" The room bursted in yeses and applause! All the women, married, single, young, and old, joined in the shouts. From the audience, some ladies bellowed, "I'm available! Pick me! I'm single!" Darcy grinned and continued. "Before I make my selection, please allow me to introduce you to the gentleman seated behind Lily Kate. His name is Jeffrey Golden, he's Lily's proud husband. Jeff's also a Hoya alumnus. Let's greet Jeff." Jeff waved and playfully kissed Lily on the lips. She blushed and smiled at the audience. "Jeff and Lily have been married for five years and they're living in London. Here's a photograph of their wedding. Guess who the best man for my friend was?" The photo showed Jeff and Lily on their wedding at the altar when Jeff was placing the ring on Lily's finger. Darcy was standing behind Jeff. Darcy pointed to Jeff. "There's their son Jeff Junior. Hi, JJ! They're currently expecting their second child, congratulations!" Jeff held a two-year-old boy and touched Lily's belly. More applause. "My friends are here today because, hopefully, they want to share an important occasion with me. I'll explain in a few minutes. Here's what happened last Sunday. The only truth from that article was that I went to Primrose Hill in London with Lily. Sort of. We weren't exactly alone, as you'll see in a couple of seconds. When a good friend of mine showed me this article, I couldn't believe what I saw! There I was, ready to commit myself to marriage, and I wasn't even aware of it! My lawyer immediately contacted the magazine editor and with remorse and diligence, and fear of a big lawsuit, they found and sent me the original, unaltered photos the scoundrel paparazzi had taken that night. Here they are, with all the people present that night, including Jeff's parents. The reason I'm grinning like a fool in love in that photo is because I'm violently, crazily, foolishly in love! With someone in this room, my dear Georgetown graduating class! Who could it be?" The significance of the photos displayed on the screen was lost in the roar that overtook the room. Everyone in the hall was excited to find out who the lucky lady was. The commotion eclipsed the sight of a young woman in the front who had remained seated, gawking at him with eyes and mouth wide open in surprise at his boldness while blushing profusely at his public declaration. The sight of her captivating allure sent Darcy's heart spinning like a whirligig. Resisting a strong impulse to go to her and kiss her senseless, he forced himself to continue with his speech. "Please calm down, I promise to reveal the identity of the love of my life soon. But first, I'm going to show you a few more photos and videos. I assure you, you'll like them a lot. Her father gave me permission to share these with you. I hope she won't be too angry with us. I took none of them. I have no idea who or how some were taken. Although I have to add that my best friend and her brother are very sneaky with their cameras, they really are wannabe paparazzi. The good kind! No retouching here!" The first photo was from a security camera pointed at the lobby in the Tysons Galleria Shopping Mall in McLean, Virginia. A young woman whose back was to the camera, wearing a sleeveless jumpsuit and a ponytail with unruly curly brown hair, was showing an iridescent blouse to a group of people which included Darcy. He was facing the camera and had a look of disdain on his face. "I was shocked when they showed me this photo! This is actually the first time we met, at Tysons Galleria, back in August of last year. She was refreshingly happy with her purchase. At first sight, with my usual arrogance, all I could see were her supposed shortcomings. Not long after this photo was taken, I badmouthed her, and she heard me! She was infuriated! From that moment on, I think she began to hate me. And I began to admire her. Especially the beautiful expression of her angry eyes!" The second photo showed a wide-angle view of a young woman addressing a group of students in an auditorium. It slowly zoomed to display a full portrait of Lizzy's beautiful face. The people in the hall, especially her fellow students, focused their attention on an embarrassed Lizzy who was red as a tomato. Someone let out a groan prompting a loud laughter. "Yes, I have to confess that I'm in love with your valedictorian. Here she competently organized a Career Day for her One World Youth Project volunteer program at Bell Multicultural High School. This was my first opportunity to study her. I immediately began to appreciate her great beauty, her poise, and her leadership skills. I was in awe of the easy rapport she had established with her students, which apparently, she still maintains. They really seemed to like and respect her." From the back of the room, the OWYP students cried, "Yes we do!" The next two photos were taken at The Meridian Ball in October. In the first one, a gorgeous Lizzy dressed in an elegant ball gown was posing with Robbie. He had his arm on her back. The second photo showed Lizzy dancing with Darcy. Lizzy had her face buried in Darcy's shoulder, he seemed lost in his own little world, with an expression of self-gratification on his face. "The third time I saw Elizabeth, I was falling hard for her, but I couldn't comprehend the reality of something so new to me. At first, thanks to my own ignorance and their playfulness, I was jealous of that guy, her own brother! Hey, Robbie!" He pointed at Robbie, who stood and waved. A female student yelled, "Is he available?" Prompting an all-around laughter, and Darcy continued. "I believe he is. Ha! That night, Elizabeth and I had our first dance. During our dance, we also had our first conversation where we learned we had some things in common. We were so absorbed with each other that we kept dancing after the music had stopped! I was enraptured, but my unqualified arrogance wouldn't yield to her natural enchantments. I didn't waste time in letting her know that she didn't have any power over me. Shortly after our dance, we had our first argument, which of course, I initiated. I was a complete jerk, but that was nothing to what I did the next time I saw her!" The screen changed to a video of Lizzy and Mary Gardiner singing the concluding part of the Phantom of the Opera at Charles's party where Lizzy exhibited her remarkable vocal range. When the song ended, the audience erupted in a loud applause. "Isn't she amazing? That night, as if hypnotized by that extraordinary performance, I fancied myself hopelessly lost in love. In the worst precipitate manner, I proposed marriage to her. What a fool I was! The premature and horrible proposal I delivered should be in the hall of shame of the worst proposals ever! Instead of letting her know that I was totally bewitched and besotted, I ended up disparaging and humiliating her! And I expected her to say yes! Can you believe my deluded vanity? She justifiably rejected me completely and absolutely. In anger, incredulous and dejected, I countered with a volley of the most malignant, most inexcusable, most undeserved insults I have uttered in my entire life! If I was a jerk before, that night I was a vicious scoundrel." The next photos showed Lizzy and Darcy playing a tennis match with Charles and Caroline at Netherfield Park in North Carolina. "I saw her again a few weeks later, during Thanksgiving weekend. We played doubles tennis, and she crushed my team. That night, God granted me the opportunity to make an apology to her in private. By Christmas, she had softened up to me. The following scenes happened at a private party at my home." The first video showed Lizzy playing the insane finale of Franz Liszt's Hungarian Rhapsody #6 on the piano. Next, she was singing a Christmas song in Spanish accompanied by Georgiana at the piano and an entranced Darcy on the guitar. Finally, Darcy was singing Mel Tormé's and Bob Wells' "The Christmas Song" to an enraptured Lizzy who this time was at the guitar. Every last person in the audience was fascinated with Darcy's narration and the photos and videos. They became eyewitnesses of a love story in the making. As he kept narrating, the screen changed to more photos and short videos of Darcy and Lizzy: the couple engaged in an intimate dance at the Smithsonian Museum, Lizzy singing another Spanish song at Rosings Church with a pale-faced Darcy in the background, Darcy almost falling off a cliff at Coldán Island, Lizzy frolicking in the beach with her cousins, Lizzy jumping to Darcy's arms in a street at Boston's Beacon Hill, and finally, Lizzy sleeping on a couch with her grandmother in the hospital in Boston while Darcy was giving her a kiss on the forehead. "This, in a nutshell, has been my relationship with your valedictorian. We've had friendly, tender, intimate, and passionate moments. But we've also had disagreements, misunderstandings, cowardice on my part, impulsiveness, escapes to faraway places, and more hastiness. Now, if I could just engage in some Monday morning quarterbacking, I believe our relationship should have been resolved to our mutual happiness a long time ago. I remember fondly one glorious morning in Florida last March. We had overcome our differences and misunderstandings. We found ourselves alone in a hedgerow, and we kissed. That should've been it! That heavenly kiss should've sealed our commitment to one another forever! But in no time at all, all reason was lost. We became heedless marionettes thrown into a vortex of outright tomfoolery by some cruel puppet master! It all began when our kiss was accidentally interrupted by a pair of my well-meaning relatives. That occurrence in itself, although trivial at the time, was a harbinger of incoming disaster. Later that morning, a malicious woman, another relation of mine, attacked Elizabeth verbally while I stood there, frozen to the spot! Worst choking moment of my life! When I finally came to my senses, Elizabeth didn't witness my passionate defense of her because she had taken off hastily before I reacted. I don't blame her because it was my fault; I was an absolute wuss for hesitating! By late April, thanks to her viewing of a recording of my delayed reaction in her favor, she forgave me for my moment of weakness. But then, a secret was revealed to me and I mindlessly escaped instead of stopping and asking for an explanation. There went another missed opportunity for happiness! My precipitous escape gave rise to the malicious magazine article I showed before, which caused more unnecessary mayhem. And finally, we endured Elizabeth's hospital stay in Boston the last few days where she remained caring for her grandfather, and my desertion those days. I wanted so desperately to be with her and not let her go for one more second! But it would've been selfish on my part. And I promised her grandmother that I wouldn't, as I knew it was for a good cause; she needed to focus all her attention to aid in the speedy recovery of her Abuelito. And as you heard Elizabeth, it worked! Besides, I needed some serious preparation time in order to prepare my speech." He looked at Lizzy in a contrite manner, as if asking for forgiveness and understanding. She turned her head towards her grandmother in confusion. 'Et tu Abuela? You though I was going to run away with William and abandon Abuelito? How little you know me! Although, considering the inducement! No! I would never do that!' William continued, "I couldn't say with any conviction if that crazy vortex needed to happen or not, or if it was a good or a bad thing. All I can say is that because of those senseless events I now understand that sometimes our impulsive actions can cause unnecessary pain and suffering, for us and for others. We need to trust one another unconditionally. I have matured more in these last few months than I have in my entire life. Most importantly, those dreadful experiences helped to strengthen my love and commitment to Elizabeth. From now on, if I'm given the opportunity, she'll always be first in my life. I sincerely hope they had a similar effect on her." He gave Lizzy a look of adoration, which was returned to him with a tender, teary nod. "And now, before you kick me out of the stage for talking so much, I'll give you my third and final lesson. This one is about priorities. Now that you've graduated, most of you are embarking on the game called life, where you'll make decisions that will affect your whole future. You'll make lasting friendships and enduring relationships. And you'll begin to prioritize those aspects of your life that are valuable and those that can be left behind. The most important concern for you will be your careers, your shelter, and your feeding. You'll also have your entertainments, hobbies, and your further professional development. If you're like me, which today you proved you are, you'll want to be successful and you'll apply yourselves earnestly to gain achievements, recognitions, remuneration, and personal satisfaction. One day, when you're feeling lonely, you'll want to share your life with a special someone. When you find that special someone, your life won't be the same anymore. You'll feel a void in your heart that only that person can fill. And you'll seek that person because you know that if you can't make her part of your life, you'll die inside. And you hope, and you pray that she'll accept you and you promise that you'll cherish, love, respect, and care for that special person forever." He paused to remove an envelope from his pocket. He opened the envelope to reveal a worn piece of paper. "This is a letter my late father wrote to me a week before his passing. I read it once and stored it away because the memory was too painful. By a happy, or should I say, a providential coincidence, I stumbled upon it a couple of days ago. I would like to share it with you. The letter reads as follows: My dear William, when you read this letter, I'll be gone physically from your life, but my spirit will always remain alive in your heart. I love you so much my son! The purpose of this brief letter is to share something with you which I deem to be of utmost importance for your future. I'm aware of some unsolicited advice you have received on a certain subject. I want to offer you my own counsel, based on my personal experience with your devoted mother. Ultimately, you will be the only one to choose, independent of anyone else. In a few years, you'll be ready to find a partner, marry, and start your own family. My advice is as follows. Above and beyond any other consideration, find a woman who is charming, affectionate, considerate, and good-humored, to fill your days with joy and contentment. Find a woman who is honest and virtuous, to inspire your deepest respect. Find a woman who is independent, intelligent, and sensible, whom you can admire without reservation. And so, when you receive the blessing of gaining the heart of such an exceptional woman, never let her go! Love her with all the passion you can muster, give yourself one hundred percent to her, and I assure you, my beloved William, that you'll live happily ever after! And even if I won't be a witness to your happiness, my spirit will rejoice with you. I love you forever! Your father." By the time he finished the letter, the lump in his throat became more pronounced. He saw his mother crying and was gratified to see that his sister had changed seats and was embracing their mom. Elizabeth, his dear Elizabeth, she was also crying, but it was impossible not to feed on the happiness radiating from her soul. This gave him renewed energy. He waited a couple of seconds to collect himself and then continued. "I hadn't read this letter in almost a decade and had pretty much forgotten its content. Isn't it something? How wise my father was, and how blessed I am to have been his son! I also feel so fortunate because I found in the woman that I love, all the qualities my father thought important. I'm such a lucky man! Or maybe not. But I don't want to keep you or myself in suspense any longer. This is my final lesson for you my friends. When you find that special person who will fulfill all your humanly desires and you feel you cannot live without her, do the following without hesitation!" Darcy reached in his pocket and extracted a ring. Lizzy couldn't hold the tears of happiness flowing freely down her soft rosy cheeks. Her eyes told him what he needed to know. Darcy went to her, but, all of a sudden, a commotion in the room interrupted his progress. Oh no! Please, no! Not again! Not another interference! When will it end? A little girl, a mirror image of Lizzy, came running towards her. Some people murmured, "Is that her daughter?" The adorable little girl stood in front of Lizzy, and Lizzy leaned over towards her. The little girl raised her two tiny hands to Lizzy's cheeks, trying to clean her tears. "My Lizzy Bee, why are you crying? Please don't cry. Please don't be sad!" Lizzy gave her a big hug, took her in her arms, and gazed at William with tenderness. "No, sweetie, my tears are not of sadness, I just have this jumble of emotions rushing through my head. The only thing I absolutely know is that I want to be with William, and I don't want to lose him ever again." William returned to the podium. "It seems I have a rival for your valedictorian's affections, her lovely twin cousin Isabel. But I don't mind because today I'm determined to place this ring in my sweetheart's finger." William returned to Lizzy's side and hugged Isabel. Uncle Mino came rushing to them. He embraced and good-humoredly kissed Lizzy's and William's cheeks, and then took his daughter and moved back to allow William to make his declaration. He kneeled in front of Lizzy. "My dearest Elizabeth, you never lost me. If you accept this ring, I promise to always love you and to never let anything or anyone come between us. You'll have to deal with me for the rest of your life because I'm not going anywhere without you. No more secrets, no more escapes. Never again!" Elizabeth, feeling the awkwardness and anxiety of the present situation, forced herself to respond in this manner, "I accept and receive your assurances with pleasure. You have my heart. I love you so very much!" The rest was utterly magical! When Darcy slipped the ring on Lizzy's finger and gave her a passionate kiss, Gaston Hall broke into a chorus of ohhs and awws and loud applause! The enamored couple didn't notice the reaction of the hall members because all their six senses were otherwise occupied. The first five were fully engaged with one another. They each could also sense the aura of a being dear to their hearts hovering near them. One seemed proud of the choice his son had made, the other seemed satisfied with the future felicity of her daughter. After a couple of minutes, the Master of Ceremonies returned to the stage. "Well, my friends, this concludes the most fascinating Tropaia I've ever witnessed at Georgetown University. Before we continue with our ceremony, we may have to separate these two with a winch and pulley! Ha! Please stand for the benediction to be offered by Father Oslovich." Father Oslovich returned to the podium with misty eyes as he had also been affected by the romantic proceedings. He remembered the couple fondly. Both of them had something else in common. They each had lost a close family member while at college and both had been faithful attendees at his weekly mass at Dahlgren Chapel. He smiled gently at them and proceeded with the benediction. "Let us pray…" Lizzy opted to forgo the exit procession, remaining standing in place with William, receiving the good wishes from the students and faculty as they passed by them. Eventually, their friends and family made their way in the direction of the newly engaged couple to offer their hugs and kisses. As they were merrily celebrating, the loudspeakers began to play the song 'Unwritten' by Natasha Bedingfield. Staring at the blank page before you Open up the dirty window Let the sun illuminate the words that you Could not find Reaching for something in the distance So close you can almost taste it Release your inhibitions Feel the rain on your skin No one else can feel it for you Only you can let it in No one else, no one else Can speak the words on your lips Drench yourself in words unspoken Live your life with arms wide open Today is where your book begins Feel the rain on your skin No one else can feel it for you Only you can let it in No one else, no one else Can speak the words on your lips Drench yourself in words unspoken Live your life with arms wide open Today is where your book begins The rest is still unwritten The rest is still unwritten The rest is still unwritten.
