Chapter 1: They Meet Mr. Bennet and his five daughters were at home enjoying their afternoon at Longbourn. Mr. Bennet was sitting in his study with his favorite daughter, Lizzy, playing a game of chess. His eldest daughter, Jane, was with his youngest daughter, Lydia, decorating bonnets. Finally, his middle children, Kitty and Mary, were in the garden. This peaceful autumn day was out of the ordinary for the family whose home was usually quite loud. The tranquility was attributed the fact that Mrs. Bennet had gone out for the day to visit her sister Mrs. Philips. However, it was not long before Mrs. Bennet returned bringing gossip and chaos with her. "My dear Mr. Bennet! Have you heard the news!" cried Mrs. Bennet upon entering Longbourn. Mr. Bennet and Elizabeth had heard the woman's cries but hoped she would not find them in the study. Upon her entering the study they then hoped instead she would be content to continue on without needing a reply. "Mr. Bennet!" she said again impatiently. After not receiving a reply from Mr. Bennet his wife entered the study and told him, "My dear Mr. Bennet, Netherfield Park is let at last." Mr. Bennet replied that he had not heard such news. "Oh but it is!" replied his wife. "Mrs. Long has just been to Mrs. Philips's, and she told us all about it." Lizzy and Mr. Bennet made no answer. Mr. Bennet used his wife's presence as an opportunity to take his daughter's queen. Perhaps such a distraction was a good thing he thought to smiling to himself. While Mr. Bennet usually pretended to lose to Elizabeth on purpose, she beats him fairly every time. This silence was not a deterrent to Mrs. Bennet, and she continued. "Lizzy do you not want to know who has taken it? Why you may not be a pretty as Jane nor as tall as Lydia, but you should still be interested in who will be our neighbors!" Lizzy tried not to frown at her mother's words. Despite knowing she was pretty in her own way, her mother's words still stung. "Yes mama, I am interested. Pray who has let Netherfield?" she replied in defeat. Coincidentally this was the moment she noticed her father had taken her queen. This time she did not hide her frown. "Well, what a fine thing for you girls! A young man from the North of England! Mrs. Long says he has a large fortune and that he came down on Monday to see the place and that he was delighted with it. He is to take possession of it shortly. His name is Bingley." "Does he have a wife?" asked Mr. Bennet. "Oh! Mr. Bennet, he is single and has five thousand a year. What a fine thing for our girls!" Mrs. Bennet replied eagerly. "For our girls?" Questioned Mr. Bennet "how so?" "Do not be so tiresome Mr. Bennet; you must know that I am hoping he will marry one of them. A single man in possession of a good fortune is surely in want of a wife." "Is that so Mrs. Bennet" said her husband. "However little is known the feelings or views of such a man upon entering a neighborhood," Lizzy said to her father with a smile. "Right you are my dear, as this truth is not only universally acknowledged but it is also so well fixed in the minds of the surrounding families that he is considered as the rightful property of someone or other of their daughters" replied Mr. Bennet. He and Lizzy shared a laugh while Mrs. Bennet grew displeased with how her news was being taken. The next day the very same man who Mrs. Bennet was talking of was looking out over Netherfield Park with his friend Mr. Darcy. Both men had recently arrived in Hertfordshire. They came from Town before the rest of their party to inspect the grounds of Netherfield. Mr. Bingley had just closed with his attorney and was eager to show his friend his new country manor. They rode their horses up onto a hill that supplied a beautiful view of the estate. "So, what do you think of it? Is it not delightful?" asked Mr. Bingley to his friend. "It is quite charming, not as fine as Pemberley to be sure, but the land looks prosperous indeed" replied Mr. Darcy. "Excellent!" exclaimed Mr. Bingley. "I will ride forth to the house to instruct the staff of my sister's arrival. Caroline will be here on the morrow, and I wish to prepare my new staff about her...personality" Mr. Bingley told his friend. Personality indeed thought Mr. Darcy as he rolled his eyes. He knew how demanding and difficult Caroline could be and did not look forward to living in the same house as her for the next little while. Although he considered her a friend, he was not unaware of her treatment of those she felt beneath her. Such treatment of the staff would not be tolerated at any of his homes. Mr. Bingley turned to ride back toward the estate while Mr. Darcy decided not to follow his friend but to explore the surrounding forest instead. It was not as beautiful as the woods around Pemberley, but they were still quite pretty. He stopped by a small pond to rest his horse when he heard a rustling noise and the sound of feet fast approaching. As he looked toward where the noise was coming from, he saw a blur of light pink muslin and dark brown curls run past him in the woods. He was concerned that perhaps the young lady was in danger and he followed her. "Hello there!" Called Mr. Darcy "Miss are you alright?" he continued. Elizabeth Bennet had woken up early as usual and decided to leave the house before the rest of her family rose. She knew she must leave the house to avoid her mother who had recently learned that the neighboring estate Netherfield had just be let to a young man of a good fortune. While she knew her mother expected Mr. Bingley to marry Jane, all of the girls are supposed to be prepared on the off chance he chooses one of them. Elizabeth decided to walk through the woods that bordered her father's estate and Netherfield. As she approached one of her favourite hills, she noticed two young men on horseback on top of a it. She saw them for a moment before they galloped off and assumed they were Mr. Bingley and a man from his "large party" that Lydia talked about the evening before. Both men were handsome she thought. One man had soft features, a pleasant smile, light complexion, and curly reddish or maybe light brown hair — the other man, on the other hand, she thought very handsome. He had dark curly hair, though not as curly as his friend's, he had strong features, he seemed to be taller than his friend too even though they were on horses and he had broad shoulders. Looking at him made her blush to her mortification. They are not for me she thought, they will fall in love with Jane. Jane was much prettier than Elizabeth, although Elizabeth was a confident woman, the constant reminder that she was not a beautiful as her older sister or as lively as Lydia had taken its toll. Just this past evening Mrs. Bennet told Elizabeth she was not pretty enough to marry Mr. Bingley. While she kept her composure at the moment, she quietly escaped to her room and cried. These sad memories caused Elizabeth to feel her anger and resentment build up in her until they were so overpowering, she had to release them from her being somehow before they were released in an unflattering outburst. Likely, towards her mother. She decided that a run through the woods would be just the exercise she needed to express herself. While running was not ladylike, it always cleared her head. She had been running for a little while when she heard a man yelling. "Hello there!" cried a deep voice "Miss are you alright?" it called again. She realized the man was calling to her and she looked back with surprise. Unfortunately, as she looked back, she tripped on a tree root propelling herself to the ground. As she fell, she sliced her cheek on a branch and let out a cry in pain. She had fallen forward and landed on the dirt path in front, bracing her fall with her hands. Immediately her wrist began to throb, her cheek stung, and her thick brown hair had not only fallen out from under her bonnet, but it had also fallen out of her bun and now hung wildly around her neck. However, all of these pains paled in comparison to the utter mortification she felt when she saw the more handsome of the men she had seen on the hill come running toward her. "Miss, are you injured? Are you alright?" asked Mr. Darcy with great concern as he came running toward the path where he heard her scream. As the lady came into his view, he slowed to a walk and then stopped in his tracks. Mr. Darcy was in a trance from the moment he saw the young woman. He had never seen a more intoxicating sight. She was beautiful he thought. Her skin was flushed and damp from running, her chest was moving up and down from being out of breath, and she had a dusting of dirt on her nose that he thought was adorable. Moreover, her hair, her long thick hair had fallen out, and it now fell seductively around her neck. "I believe I have sprained my wrist, sir," Elizabeth replied as a rogue tear escaped her eye. Her voice broke Mr. Darcy's trance, and he quickly came to his senses and helped her over to the pond where his horse was. There was a large rock by the water where she could rest while she recovered from her fall. "Thank you, sir," Elizabeth said, very aware the man she found to be so handsome had not said anything more to her. "I believe I shall be alright" she continued. "I am glad to hear that ma'am." Replied Mr. Darcy as he realized he had been lost in thought. However, he grew to become more and more uncomfortable with this situation. He noticed a tear on the young lady's cheek that highlighted her scrape. He hated that such a pretty face had been marked in such a way. "What or who were you running from in the woods? If you are in any danger, pray tell me so I may assist you" asked Mr. Darcy asked with a sense of urgency as he gave her his handkerchief. "Danger, sir?" replied Elizabeth slightly confused as she took his handkerchief. "I was not running from anything, or anyone, I..." She hesitated. She realized the impropriety of young woman running alone in the woods, but she could not lie. "...I" she sighed "I was not running from danger, I was walking in the woods when I decided I would like to run to clear my head and so I began to run when your calls distracted me, and I fell." Elizabeth noticed the look of guilt on the unknown man's face and quickly added: "but I understand your concern of seeing a lady running in the woods." "You were running in the forest…alone…to clear your head…" said Mr. Darcy who was in utter shock. How singular this woman was. "I apologize for causing your fall" said Mr. Darcy. "May I examine your wrist? Perhaps I may help what damage I have caused" She extended her arm to him and he took it carefully in his grasp. It was swollen and scraped but it did not look like it was broken. "We should clean the cuts with some water to prevent infection. I do not believe that alcohol is necessary in this situation". "I think alcohol is very much necessary in this situation, sir." Said Lizzy with a laugh as she slowly shook her head. How ridiculous this entire situation was indeed. Mr. Darcy who had already stood up to remove his flask from his pocket paused and looked down at her. He pursed is lips in contemplation as he removed the lid. "As you wish" he said as he took her hand a poured the liquid on to her wounds. "Sir!" she shrieked with anticipated pain. She was frozen with her eyes tightly shut in anticipation for the sting that she knew was coming. But nothing came. Only cool relief. She looked at her wrist that now glistened as fresh cool water dripped off it. She looked up at the man angrily as he chuckled taking a swig of water from his flask. "That was not a good joke" she said sharply. "Neither was yours" he said smiling. Elizabeth began to laugh. Mr. Darcy's chest swelled with pride that he had made the loveliest woman he knew laugh. He knew from this moment that it would be his mission in life to continue to make her laugh as it was such a sweet sound. With the awkwardness now broken between them they soon fell into delightful conversation. After some time, Mr. Darcy realised that they had been together in the woods for far too long and presumably her family would be looking for her. "While I have thoroughly enjoyed your perspective on Shakespeare, please let me escort you to your home. I believe your family may be wondering where you are". Elizabeth's heart sank a little. She did not want their discussion to end as they would likely not be able to enjoy such privacy again. "Thank you, sir, however, I think it is best if I return alone." "Please miss you are injured, and it would not be an inconvenience to me to see you home safe." Mr. Darcy was growing frustrated that she had little regard for her own safety. "I thank you again sir, but it is not in my nor your best interest to escort me home," She said as she rose to her feet and began to leave. "My mama is already overly excited about the arrival of a new man in the neighborhood, and I do not want to give her the wrong ideas about you and I. And she will chastise me heavily for my unladylike behavior in your company." "Will your family not be more concerned that you are returned safely? Please, I must apologize to your father and explain my role in causing your injury" asked Mr. Darcy. He understood her concerns about her mother, but he held on to the hope she would let him walk with her. "No sir, that is not needed. I return home regularly with various injuries!" She said with a smile as she darted off toward home.
Chapter 2: The Insult Mr. Darcy paused on that remark from the woman he had just met. The idea that this woman frequently injured herself made him uneasy. After watching her leave he turned back to his horse and rode back to Netherfield. Darcy soon realized as he rode that he had not introduced himself or learned the woman's name. You fool! Darcy thought to himself. Darcy spent the next week returning to the woods where he had encountered the woman. He had hoped that he might meet her again. Ever since he saw her in such a state with her hair down and reddened cheeks, he could not stop thinking about her. Unfortunately, he did not run into her again in the woods. Mr. Bingley, on the other hand, did not know what had happened in the woods. But he could see a change in his friend. Darcy seemed energized. Perhaps I should write to Richard. Mr. Bingley thought. Richard had a way of getting Darcy to open up, and since the Ramsgate incident, Bingley knew that any happiness for Darcy should be nurtured and not forgotten. It was later than usual, and Mr. Bennet was concerned his Lizzy was not home yet. He was very relieved when he saw her through his study window. However, it was quite clear she had injured herself again and her hair! "Lizzy! What has happened now? I swear child you will be the death of me!" chided Mr. Bennet. "Oh, papa! I fell in the woods on a root. I have injured my wrist and my pride but other than that I am ok. I was taking my usual route through the woods near Netherfield when I was startled by a stallion. It came out of nowhere; you know how I am afraid of horses! And so I was distracted, and I tripped." This was not a complete lie she thought. Later that evening Lizzy was resting in her room looking over the handkerchief the man had given her. She was so upset that she had forgotten to introduce herself! How silly could she be...the man did not offer his name either. However, on the corner of the handkerchief were the initials FD. "The very mysterious and handsome Mr. FD," she said quietly to herself. Or so she thought. For her sister, Jane had heard the remark and noted the dreamy look on Elizabeth's face. "Tell me everything sister!" Mr. Darcy's spirits were becoming very low. It had been a week since he met this young beauty in the woods. He still had no idea who she was or how to find her. He thought about going to Mr. Bingley, but he did not want to risk the reputation of the girl. He laughed a little as he remembered her angry expression at his prank. She had scrunched her nose up in an adorable fashion and then she engaged him the most engaging conversation about her likes, literature, politics. Perhaps there was hope that once she found out who he was that she could love him. But none of this mattered he thought if he was never to see this woman again. Just as that thought was making him even more depressed, a letter came from his sister Georgiana. Dear Brother, I hope this letter finds you well. My companion has told me that I should write more to keep myself distracted. However, I find myself failing at that too. I spend my time in my room now. I am too ashamed to leave. I feel guilty for everything I have done, and in particular, I feel guilty that I have let you down and that I have put more stress upon your shoulders. I miss you brother. Your sister, Georgie. This letter did not help his mood. What was worse is that later that evening he would have to go to the Meryton Assembly. "Bingley" he called to his friend sitting opposite him in the study. "Yes?" "Would it be alright if I wrote to my sister to invite her to stay with us? I think it will help her mood" "Of course, Darce. In fact, I have already written Richard inviting him to stay as well. There are too many pretty women in the area for you and I to dance with. You will see tonight!" "Thank you. Is he coming shortly or is there time to have him bring Georgiana?" "No there is time if you wrote them now" Mr. Darcy began to write to his sister and cousin but his mind was focusing on Bingley's comment. He did not want to be forced to dance with anyone tonight, unless of course his woodland nymph was present. With that thought he actually began to eagerly anticipate the assembly. Perhaps this was his chance to learn her name. Elizabeth entered the assembly eager to meet the mysterious FD. Her mother soon found her and Jane and began to repeat the gossip that she had learned about Mr. Bingley and his company. "Do you see that tall man next to the women in the blue and pink silk gowns, girls?" asked Mrs. Bennet to her two eldest daughters. Elizabeth looked in that direction, and to her happiness, the man who her mother was referring to was the man she had met in the woods. Elizabeth felt her stomach flip over she was so excited. "That man is Mr. Darcy. He is old friends of Mr. Bingley, and those two women are Mr. Bingley's sisters." "Mr. Darcy seems to have drawn the attention of the room." Added Jane. Mr. Darcy was a fine, tall man, with handsome features and a noble mien who was much more handsome than his friend Mr. Bingley. "Why yes!" exclaimed Mrs. Bennet "He is very handsome, but that is not all, for it is said that he has ten thousand a year and is master of a great estate in Derbyshire." Explained Mrs. Bennet. Elizabeth paled at the intelligence she just received. What had she done? She had developed an tender for a man that was not only too handsome to pick her over her sister, but he was so above her status that it was unlikely he would ever consider her. Jane noticed the forlorn look on her sister's face and pulled her aside. "Lizzy I know what you are thinking. Please do not let mama's words or her thoughts about you colour what you know of the man" Jane said encouragingly. "Perhaps you are right Jane. We did have a wonderful morning together and he seemed to enjoy my company". New hope swelled in her breast. "Darcy!" cried Mr. Bingley "I must have you dance instead of standing about in such a stupid manner" I have just met the loveliest woman; she is a blond goddess. And she has a sister Darcy! You should ask her to dance. Look she is sitting nearby." Elizabeth was close enough to hear their conversation and her ears perked up when she heard Mr. Bingley's remark. Darcy had not yet seen his mystery woman and that compounded with his sister's state and the chatter he heard of his income was enough to make his mood foul. "She is tolerable I suppose, but not handsome enough to tempt me." "She is uncommonly pretty Darce! It is a shame though that she recently cut her cheek." This new information perked up Mr. Darcy. "A cut on her cheek you say?" "Yes Darcy, had you not noticed it? You who are so quick to criticize? "I had not looked at her Bingley." "Then why did you say she was only tolerable?" "Because I wanted to be left alone! Where is she? You must introduce me." Elizabeth had escaped the room for a moment. She had left once she heard Mr. Darcy refer to her as "tolerable" and not "handsome enough." Normally she would have delighted in the ridiculousness of the situation. Tonight, however, she could find no humor. His words had cut her more profoundly. Her mother had told her she was not pretty enough to marry these men and the man himself confirmed it. She was so humiliated that she could not stop herself from tearing up. "Elizabeth!" called Jane. Elizabeth quickly wiped her tears and rejoined her sister in the room. "Ah there you are, Mr. Bingley's friend Mr. Darcy wishes to be introduced to you," Jane told her sister with a smile. Darcy almost exploded when he finally saw his mystery woman. Elizabeth, her name was Elizabeth. He grew concerned though when he saw her face. Her eyes were red and puffy. Had she been crying? This thought distressed him very much. "Miss Elizabeth Bennet, may I introduce you to my friend Mr. Darcy. He is staying with me at Netherfield." Said Mr. Bingley. "It is a pleasure to finally be introduced, Miss. Bennet" Darcy said with a knowing smile. To his disappointment, his playful smile was not returned. "Thank you," she said and curtsied. She was about to turn and leave because she could feel her embarrassment and ire growing and did want to say anything she would regret. "Would you do me the honour of dancing with me for the next set?" asked Mr. Darcy desperately. "Thank you, Sir, but I must kindly decline. I injured my wrist not too long ago, and I feel I should rest it." "Oh," said Mr. Darcy. That seems like a logical excuse he thought to himself trying to quell his disappointment. "La! Lizzy was in the woods when she was startled by a stallion!" Laughed Lydia who had heard the conversation. Mr. Darcy smiled. "A stallion, Miss. Bennet?" Elizabeth went red with humiliation. "Yes, sir. It was loud and reckless." She wanted to leave this situation. Lydia had been called away by her mother, and soon Jane and Mr. Bingley had taken their place to dance. Elizabeth was left alone with Mr. Darcy who was furrowing his brow. "Excuse me Mr. Darcy, but I feel I should find my other sister" As she walked passed Mr. Darcy, she stopped and quickly said, "I am curious why today you say I cannot tempt you when last week your stares said otherwise."
Chapter 3: Enough Mr. Darcy was speechless. He had never been more embarrassed to have been spoken to in such a way before. How she came to believe he was not attracted to her he did not know. Dejectedly he crossed the room to stand against the wall. He followed her about the room with his eyes. While she was not able to accept any man's request for a dance, it did not go unnoticed by him that she was quite popular. Although there were few men present which forced women to sit out for some sets, when these men were free, they made sure to approach Elizabeth. He watched as she politely declined them all with a warm smile, but he saw that it never reached her fine eyes. That was until a young man he had met on one of Mr. Bingley's calls approached her with his sister. It was Mr. Lucas and his sister Miss Lucas. They seemed to be quite friendly with Elizabeth as Darcy noticed her face light up as they neared. All he could do was watch as she accepted the compliments of Mr. Lucas. Not tempted by her, Darcy shook his head in frustration. He was all consumed by her. He nearly walked across to challenge the young man when he saw him put his hand on the small of her back. He whispered something in her ear and made her laugh. That should have been him he thought. Later he and the rest of Bingley's company returned to Netherfield. "She's an angel! I have never seen a more beautiful lady in all my life" announced Bingley. Mr. Bingley's sisters shared a knowing look while Mr. Darcy and Mr. Hurst remained silent. "You made quite the impression Mr. Darcy" Miss Bingley said mockingly. "Yes, it seems my fortune was the talk of the room" agreed Darcy. "Well, yes, but that was not what I meant" Darcy shot her a look and she continued "your comment about Miss Elizabeth Bennet has not put you in the most flattering of lights in the eyes of our neighbours" she finished taking a sip of her tea. "Of what do you speak?" he asked annoyed. "The slight about her looks that you said to me, Darce" added Bingley. "I would appreciate that in the future you keep your thoughts to yourself so not to ruin my own standing in the area." "I agree. It seems that the Miss Bennets are known as the jewels of Heartfordshire. Although, I see nothing special in them, except perhaps Miss Jane Bennet" said Mrs. Hurst. Darcy stood and raked his hand through his hair. "I did not even see her when I said such things. In fact, I find her the most handsome woman of my acquaintance. Will you be calling on them tomorrow Charles? Perhaps I shall join you to make amends." Ignoring his question to her brother, Caroline asked "the most handsome you say, Mr. Darcy? You must not know many ladies. Please enlighten us on what specifically has caught your attention. The cut on her cheek or her plain dress?" "Her fine eyes" he said dismissively. "Well, Charles?" "I will call on them, Darcy, and I am happy for you to join me". To the great disappointment of the gentleman, the ladies were not in when they arrived. The Bennet sisters along with their mother had gone to Lucas Lodge to call upon their intimate friends. It was absolutely necessary that Mrs. Bennet and Lady Lucas discuss the events of the night before. "Mr. Bingley certainly paid you quite the compliment last night Charlotte. Choosing you as his first dance partner" remarked Mrs. Bennet. "He did. But I think he preferred his second choice much better." Charlotte replied. "Oh, do you think? He did ask Jane to dance a second time as well. Though he also danced with you another time. What was it that I heard him say of Jane? Did you also happen to catch what he said?" "Do you mean the compliment I overheard him make? Did I not tell you, Mrs. Bennet? He said that she was the most beautiful woman in the room and that he hoped to see more of her in the future." Stated Charlotte. "Why yes, that was it!" Elizabeth sighed at her mother's behaviour and gave Charlotte an apologetic look. "Mr. Bingley's friend Mr. Darcy was not as obliging though was he Mrs. Bennet?" asked Lady Lucas. "Not at all. Slighting my poor Lizzy like that. Gentleman indeed. I do not care how many houses he has; he is the most disagreeable man I have ever met. How he became friends with an amiable man like Mr. Bingley I will never understand" "Mr. Darcy is not so well worth listening to, is he?" said Charlotte. "Less than tolerable I say" said Mr. Lucas with a disapproving tone. "It would be a misfortune to be liked by him. Lizzy, you were right to decline his offer to dance" Said her mother. Elizabeth could not help turn red from this conversation. Normally she would have delighted in the ridiculousness of it with her friends. But, this time it truly hurt her vanity and pride. She wished desperately to change the subject. "I can safely say Mama that I will never dance with Mr. Darcy". "Mrs. Long told me last night that she sat next to him for nearly half an hour and he never spoke a word to her. He only spoke when she asked him about his opinion on the neighbourhood. And even then he only said a few words and seemed angry to have been spoken to at all" said Lady Lucas. "Mr. Bingley told me that he is uncomfortable in public. That with those he is well acquainted with he is quite different. Very agreeable." Jane added, looking at Lizzy who was examining the lamp next to her. Visiting hours soon came to an end and the Bennet family returned home. "You sly thing" Mrs. Bennet said to her daughter Elizabeth. "What do you mean, mama?" "I saw the way Mr. Lucas was looking at you as we discussed Mr. Darcy. And his comment! "Less than tolerable". Well I did notice that last night he paid you particular attention and my suspicions were confirmed today. Oh, how lovely to have two daughters wed and settled so nearby!" "Mama!" "Are you to be married, Lizzy?" asked her father. "Oh Mama. Mr. Lucas and I are only friends. Besides, he is too young to be in a position to ask anyone to marry him" "Well, my dear, I am happy to hear that young Lucas does not fit your fancy as I believe another gentleman caller will be arriving soon for you" Mr. Bennet said as he quitted to his study. "Another gentleman caller, Lizzy? Whoever is that?" asked Kitty. "I have not the slightest idea" said Lizzy. Some time later the ladies of Longborn were preparing for their evening's activity. That evening all the prominent families of the area were to meet at Lucas Lodge for a party. Elizabeth knew that Mr. Darcy would likely be among the guests and so she made a special effort in her appearance. Mrs. Bennet was encouraging of this because she still held a firm belief that there was an opportunity for her second daughter to marry Mr. Lucas. "Wear this evening dress, Lizzy." Demanded her mother. "the emerald green is very becoming on you." Lizzy agreed with her mother and when she tried it on, she found that her figure looked exceptionally well in it. The maid put some pretty ribbon in her hair, and she borrowed a necklace from her older sister with a small emerald charm on it. "You look beautiful, Lizzy" said Lydia. "Not as well as me but that is difficult to do" she giggled. "Thank you, Lydia." The Netherfield party had already arrived by the time the Bennets had entered. Mr. Darcy watched as Elizabeth entered the hall and he was once again struck by her beauty. She looked radiant he thought. He noticed that he was not the only one that thought so as Mr. Lucas smiled and greeted the family with his eyes on Elizabeth. Jealousy and frustration surged through him and he was determined to make amends tonight so that he may be the recipient of her smiles once again. "Mr. Darcy seems to pay you a lot of attention, Eliza" said Charlotte. "I cannot imagine why" "Can you not?" The man in question came up to them. "Good evening Miss Lucas, Miss Elizabeth." "Good evening Mr. Darcy" said Charlotte with a look to her friend. "Miss Elizabeth since we were not able to dance at the assembly I hoped we might be able to tonight. Would do me the honour of dancing the first set with me?" "I am sorry Mr. Darcy but I am not inclined to dance." Mr. Darcy had had enough. In the last fortnight,they had seen each other at Netherfield one morning and had dined together four times and she managed to avoid him every time. He would not let her spend another evening thinking ill of him. He removed himself to the corner of the room. He was furious as he watched Mr. Lucas speaking with Elizabeth and making her blush. He needed to think of something to put an end to this. "I can imagine what you are thinking Mr. Darcy" said Caroline behind him. "I imagine not" "You are thinking how insupportable it is to be spending another evening with these people" "You are wrong. I am thinking how lovely Miss Elizabeth looks in her dress" "Oh, of course, Mr. Darcy. She does look radiant tonight and it seems that we are not her only admirers" teased Caroline. Mr. Darcy left Caroline and walked directly to the object of his desire. "Mr. Lucas I am told you will be leaving us shortly" Mr. Darcy said intimidatingly to the much younger gentleman. "Ah, yes. I will be starting university at Oxford in the new year." "What are your plans after graduation?" "I will be working with my uncle at his law office in London" "Won't that be quite a change for you? Going from being a gentleman to be a tradesman?" Elizabeth paled at the slight to her friend. Who was this man she thought? How could he be so wonderful when they first met and then behave abominably ever since? "Perhaps Mr. Lucas" Lizzy interjected placing her hand on his arm to the fury of Mr. Darcy "you could ask Mr. Bingley and his sisters how they feel about being tradespeople and how they felt the change since leaving trade for the country". Mr. Lucas smiled at his friend and held back a laugh. "Perhaps I shall ask him now" he said as he excused himself from the company of that awful man. "Miss Elizabeth I was hoping to speak with you alone tonight." "I do not think that is possible Mr. Darcy" "You have been avoiding me these last few weeks" "I have not been, but if I had there must be a good reason" Mr. Darcy put his hand on her elbow and when he was sure they were out of sight directed her out of the room into a small sitting room. It was dimly lit as it was meant to be where the women refreshed themselves. He shut the door behind them. "Mr. Darcy, what if we are caught?" she said with very little conviction behind it. She did not want to admit to him that she was intrigued by his outburst. She made a point to make a move for the door, but he reached out and caught her arm pulling her in close to him. Their faces were only inches apart. "I do not care what is appropriate anymore". He looked at her captivated by her beauty and thrilled with the intimacy of their situation. "As I said you have been ignoring and avoiding me. I know that you heard what I said at the assembly I have been trying to speak with you about it" She blushed even more than she had been already. "It is alright Mr. Darcy, let us not speak of it" "No. I did not mean it. I had not even looked at you yet." She looked up at him. Her heart was racing in her chest. "I had not looked at you. I only said it because I had not yet seen you and thought that you were not there. That thought coupled with a letter I had only just received from sister put me in a foul mood. Please believe me when I say that ever since that lovely day we met in the woods I have been captivated by your beauty". Elizabeth let out a breath she had not known she was holding. "Oh" was all she could say. He was now looking longingly at her lips. Just then the door opened. "Elizabeth!" They had been caught!
From the author: Thank you, everyone, for the amazing reviews and encouragement! I know that I left this story years ago but I wanted you all to know that I will be posting as soon as chapters are ready. I have finished imagining, outlining, and writing the majority of this book. It will be around 80K - 100K words when it is done. I am so excited about what scenes I have coming up that I wish I could just tell you all right now :). Please read, enjoy, and review! Chapter 4: A Compromise "Elizabeth!" Darcy and Elizabeth shot backwards from each other as if they had been yanked back by a cord. Darcy raked his hand through his hair and Elizabeth covered her face in shame. They both looked at Jane who stood frozen in the doorway. Well that was that thought Darcy. They were caught by her sister no less. Of course, she would go running to their parents claiming a compromise. They would be forced to wed, and she would be his. It is not exactly the way he wanted the marriage to come about, but it certainly was a means to an end. There were worse women to be forced to marry. He started laughing as it dawned on him, he had spent years avoiding this exact scenario and it ended up being him who unknowingly orchestrated it. "I do not know what you are laughing at Mr. Darcy" said Jane. "This is a very serious situation" "I know, but it is alright. Do not worry I will marry Elizabeth." "Marry me?" "Well, yes. We've been compromised, Elizabeth". "I do not believe a forced marriage is what my sister wants, Mr. Darcy. I see no need to tell a soul about this. I have not mentioned your dalliance with my sister in the woods and I have not called attention to your abhorrent behaviour towards her since that day. Though now I am truly regretful that I have misread your character. I believed Mr. Bingley when he defended you to me. But this is enough. She is a gentleman's daughter and should be respected and treated as such no matter how above us you feel. Our mother was right about you. Gentleman indeed. Come Lizzy," Elizabeth, although she felt sorry for Mr. Darcy, could not help but smile. She was in awe of Jane and could not feel prouder to call her a sister. Mr. Darcy on the other hand felt like he had been slapped. He had never heard Jane speak so much and with such conviction. She was right of course. Everything she had said was right. Elizabeth did deserve more respect than to be directed to a private room with him. He ran his hand over his face in exasperation and embarrassment. "Darcy!" As Darcy entered the hall, he was called by his friend Bingley who most certainly did not look pleased. "Darcy, Jane informed me of your little tryst. We will talk about this later when we get home. I am serious about Jane and I will not have my friend and guest treat her and her family in such a way. She is very upset." "I thought she would not tell a soul" said Darcy resentfully. "Well she told me as she felt there needed to be somebody to check your behaviour" "Do not worry about that. She thoroughly checked my behaviour" "We will talk about this tonight" Bingley said as he left his friend's side. Darcy scanned the room to see where Elizabeth was. He felt her connection earlier and wanted to see if she was well and if there was still hope for him. Eventually he saw her with her with Miss Lucas and he caught her eye. She lifted her small hand to her mouth to cover her soft laugh and her eyes were lit with their usual playfulness. As the evening came to an end the Netherfield party made their goodbyes and entered their carriage. Miss Bingley was less than pleased with how the evening had gone. That damned Miss Eliza had somehow weaseled her way into the heart of Mr. Darcy. She could not comprehend it. Eliza had no fashion, taste, or style. Her family was poor and wild. Yet despite all this somehow Mr. Darcy could not see how wrong Eliza was for him. Men, she thought. All they think about is a pretty face. With that thought she narrowed her eyes as she looked at her brother, clearly lost in thought and probably mooning over Jane Bennet. Caroline needed to get rid of the Bennet problem. "Well Mr. Darcy it seems you have some competition for Miss Eliza. She was quite popular again this evening." Caroline said mischievously. "She did look stunning" he replied. "Yes, well, I heard that soon there might be a marriage" Darcy rolled his eyes "Mr. Lucas is far too young to be able to offer anything serious." He said dismissively. "Not Mr. Lucas, Mr. Darcy. I did say she was quite popular." Caroline gave a look to her sister. Darcy shot a panicked look at Bingley who was now fully paying attention. Knowing that she had their full attention and interest, Caroline continued "why yes, Mr. Bennet's cousin, the one who is to inherit Longbourn upon Mr. Bennet's death is set to arrive tomorrow". "Caroline you should not be spreading gossip about a man who has not even arrived" scolded her brother. "It is not, I, Charles." She replied and looked directly at Mr. Darcy as she said "Mrs. Bennet told me this evening that they received a letter from him stating that he was regretful of the divide in the family and for the entailment. To make amends he hoped to visit the family with the intent on marrying one of the daughters. To which Mr. Bennet added, that it seemed to him that his cousin's sights are firmly set on our dear Miss Eliza." She finished with a triumphant smile. The carriage fell silent as they approached Netherfield. To Miss Bingley's disappointment as soon as they entered the manor Mr. Darcy and her brother went straight to the study instead of taking tea with her. Mr. Bingley filled a glass with some scotch and passed it to his friend. He had imagined this long speech that he would give to Darcy about how he would likely soon become Miss Elizabeth's brother and that he would not let even his friend string her along and demand to know Darcy's intentions. But now, looking at his friend in front of him he could not scold him any further. He looked so sad. Lord, yet another man with interests in Miss Elizabeth. If he were to become her brother, he would certainly have his hands full protecting her interests. He cannot even get one man to pursue Caroline. "Thank you" Darcy said, accepting the glass. "Darcy, I do not condone your behaviour towards Miss Elizabeth. I am hoping that one day I might be so lucky to be her brother. I do not like what I have seen from you so far. You make offence everywhere you go, it looks badly on me, and it cannot be helping your pursuit of her hand. Which I certainly hope is your intention after the display Jane witnessed tonight." "It is. We met my first day here and ever since I have been convinced, she is who I need to marry. Until this evening" he smiled "I was concerned perhaps she would not forgive me for my slight at the assembly. But now I believe, despite what Miss Bennet may think, Miss Elizabeth would have happily married me if we had been forced to." "Darcy, I do not know what happened between you two in the woods nor. Nor do I want to. But I have it on good authority that Miss Elizabeth is determined to marry for only the deepest of love. Do not confuse her curiosity or attraction towards you as confirmation she will accept you. Your reputation in the neighbourhood is that of being haughty, reserved, fastidious, and proud. Those are not the characteristics that will incline you towards her." Darcy furrowed his brow. Is that really what people thought of him? What she thought of him? He was remembering her expression earlier that night when he insulted Mr. Lucas. Perhaps Charles is right? "Luckily for you, Darcy, your sister arrives tomorrow. She is always able to bring out the best in you and I dear say I believe she could be a powerful ally for you" Bingley said. "What of this cousin? Miss Bennet mentioned anything of him to you?" Bingley shook his head. "Not really. Only that he would be arriving soon and that they have never met him because their fathers had a falling out years ago." The two men finished their drinks and said good night. They had set a plan to call upon the Bennets the following morning once Georgiana arrived. Mr. Darcy was eagerly awaiting the opportunity to see Elizabeth again as well as to meet this cousin.
