As the local gossips ran here and there with little tidbits about the new tenant at Netherfield, Elizabeth sat and wondered what follies these new neighbors would bring to the small society. None of the women had actually met Mr. Bingley, but that would not stop the matrons from pronouncing him perfect for this daughter or that niece. Oh, the spectacle had already begun and the poor man had yet to make an appearance! As Elizabeth moved toward her friend Charlotte Lucas, the talking abruptly stopped and into the assembly came a party of six. Two ladies and four gentlemen, Sir William Lucas approached the group and introduced Mr. Bingley to his wife and two daughters. Given his open temperament, Mr. Bingley asked for a dance from both Lucas ladies and then introduced the rest of the group. "Sir William, let me introduce my brother and eldest sister Mr. and Mrs. Hurst; my dear friend Mr. Darcy of Pemberley, Derbyshire, his cousin Colonel Fitzwilliam, and my younger sister Miss Caroline Bingley." Bingley was taking in the room as everyone in his party bowed and continued the introductions when he caught sight of the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. Sir William noticed where the young man's gaze was centered and happily offered to perform the necessary introductions. Bingley looked back to Darcy and the Colonel to see if they would join him; though he knew his friend tended to shy away in large groups, especially with people he did not know, the Colonel seemed to have a way of getting Darcy out of his shell. To Bingley's delight the Colonel and a reluctant Darcy asked to be included in the introductions. Darcy was in no mood to meet country gentlemen and their matchmaking wives, but Fitzwilliam made it clear before they left Netherfield that if Darcy did not dance at least one set with a new woman he would make life as difficult as possible. "Darcy, we are attending this assembly. You might well be uncomfortable in new social situations, but by God man you will dance. Please spare me any halfhearted excuses' mother is expecting you to find a bride this season and to do so you need a lady who is not scared away by your haughty Master of Pemberley glare. If you hope to find a women who is more than an adornment on your arm you must speak and get to know them. So tonight is your first lesson: you will dance at least one dance and make an effort to converse with the lady. With any luck you might not make the entire neighborhood hate you by the end of the night. Come man, we have women to woo. Oh and cousin, if you choose to not heed my advice I will tell mother and have her drag you to every event she deems appropriate." And with a wink he was headed back to his dressing room. Knowing his cousin meant every word Darcy agreed to put himself out to market. He hoped that he might find a woman who could hold some conversation, and maybe just maybe he would meet a gentleman or two who enjoyed chess. Since Bingley seemed to have found yet another "angel," Darcy figured she might have a sister who would be suitable; the sooner he completed his task the sooner he could be back in a safe corner and away from preying eyes. As the men approached, Mrs. Bennet was fussing over Jane and whispering exactly what she must do to keep any of these gentleman interested. "Dear dear Jane, now likely all these men will ask for a dance with you. Be sure you are quiet, do not talk about ridiculous topics as Lizzy does, and always make sure to show your figure to the best advantage." She looked her most beautiful daughter over once more and sighed, "Oh, if only your father would get us another ladies' maid you might be more perfect. Oh well, you are my most lovely daughter and will surely have all these men in love with you. Oh here they come! Smile Jane, smile." "Mrs. Bennet, how good to see you. These gentlemen have asked to be acquainted with you and your daughters. May I introduce Mr. Bingley, the new tenant of Netherfield, Mr. Darcy of Pemberley in Derbyshire, and his cousin Colonel Fitzwilliam?" Sir Williams was beaming at the matron. "Oh Sir William you are too kind, gentlemen it is a pleasure. This is my eldest Jane and my younger two are still dancing. My other daughters appear to be . . ." Mrs. Bennet was cut off when her second and third daughters appeared at her side. "Hello Mama, I believe you have found your other two daughters" Elizabeth smiled at her sister Jane and saw the unhappy scowl her mother sent her way. If these strangers were to be pushed at Jane she would not let her flounder alone, and who knows? Maybe she and Mary might have a partner for a set or two. "Yes well, these are my other daughters, Elizabeth and Mary. Neither of them is as beautiful as my dear Jane but Mary is very helpful and I suppose Lizzy is rather studious. Though what man would appreciate that I do not know." As she overcame her anger at her second daughter she looked back towards her prey. "Are you gentlemen fond of dancing?" The glint in her eye was noticed by both Darcy and the Colonel. Bingley of course was quick to ask Miss Bennet for the next set and the Colonel, seeing his cousin eye the lovely Miss Elizabeth, gallantly asked Miss Mary for her next set. As he waited for his cousin to find his voice the Colonel resorted to a slight cough. Darcy was mortified as he realized he had been staring at the raven beauty in front of him; not only did she possess a pleasing figure but she had the most enchanting eyes he had ever seen. With his wits about him Darcy coughed and somehow managed to ask Miss Elizabeth for the next set. All the ladies were happy to oblige the newcomers as the ladies outnumbered the men and none looked forward to being on the wall tonight. Even Mary, who was usually happier with a book, was taken aback by the charming Colonel who was paying her attention. Perhaps dancing could be enjoyable, thought the nearly always forgotten Bennet daughter. As the men continued the small talk with the Bennet ladies waiting for the set to begin at the other end of the room, a fuming Miss Bingley watched in horror as her Mr. Darcy was being accosted by those country nobodies. "What is he doing over there Louisa? Mr. Darcy never dances outside his party! He must come over here soon so he may secure a dance with me; it is only natural he dance with us. Come, let us go to our brother." "Caroline, perhaps we should wait a moment. Surely Mr. Darcy can mean nothing by it and you know how friendly Charles can be. I am positive Mr. Darcy will ask you for a set later in the evening, and you do not want to be a pest dear." With a quick pat on her sister's arm, Mrs. Hurst was able to distract Caroline long enough for the set to start and the couples where safe for the next half hour. Darcy led Miss Elizabeth to the dance line and was surprised how natural it felt. He had known this woman a quarter of an hour and somehow he was comfortable in her company. Maybe the punch was stronger than he thought, but Darcy assumed that during the course of the dance Miss Elizabeth would prove herself to be like every other woman he had met over the last seven years. She surprised him by speaking first. "Mr. Darcy, are you well sir? You seemed to be focusing on some point on the wall behind me. Perhaps you are fond of the decorations and are wondering how you can procure the same paper for one of your drawing rooms?" She let out a very pleasant laugh and raised an eyebrow at her very distracted dance partner. Was this woman teasing him, wondered Darcy as he struggled to find his voice "Please forgive me Miss. Elizabeth I was lost in thought and am sorry to not be more attentive. I know that most ladies expect a man to have all sorts of little questions and compliments ready, and you will be disappointed in me no doubt for I am unable to flatter on command and instead prefer to let my judgment come about with the passing of time. How am I to know if you are truly accomplished without many conversations? Can I truly judge your beauty when I have not seen your true self?" Darcy was shocked at the length of his speech. Though everything he said was true it was a level of openness he was not accustomed to displaying. "Mr. Darcy I find your honesty incredibly refreshing, and you are correct in saying that most women want flattery and are uninterested in the man paying such compliments. Personally I care not for compliments as I base my opinion of a man on the intricacy of his cravat and pay little mind to conversation." Elizabeth's eyes sparkled and she wondered if Mr. Darcy would take the bait she set out for him. Darcy's first instinct was to be put off by Miss Elizabeth's comment, but after looking in her eye and catching sight of a mischievous grin he saw that he was once again being teased. "Miss Elizabeth you are wise beyond your years; not only is a man only as worthy as his cravat but a woman must be judged solely on the amount of lace on her gown. Do not you agree?" "Come Mr. Darcy, you cannot discount the importance of a ladies' hair. How are you to know if she is a lady of understanding without noting the number of braids in her hair?" She added after a small laugh, "Alright Mr. Darcy you have found me out. I was teasing you and you challenged me very well. You see we are more alike than you realize, as I cannot judge any person without seeing them in various company and debating numerous topics. To make assumptions on first acquaintances is a disservice to both parties. Perhaps we can start to learn of one another. What are your thoughts on poetry? I have just finished Lord Bryon's latest collection and am still processing his words." Darcy was happy to oblige Elizabeth and for the rest of the set they were in debate over the many new works that had been published over the last year. For a woman so far from town Darcy was surprised at how current her reading material was and made a note to visit the local bookstore in the hopes of finding a few treasures. His sister Georgiana was always happy with the books he presented to her from his travels, and if he was lucky Darcy might run into Miss Elizabeth. As the set came to a close, Darcy walked Elizabeth to her friend Miss Lucas and intended to stay with them for the next set, but as he was about to ask the ladies if they cared for a refreshment he heard a voice that brought back painful memories he wished to forget. "Miss Elizabeth, I have finally found you." "Oh Mr. Wickham, I was not hiding! I can hardly imagine you have been looking for me very long." She laughed at the Lieutenant whose acquaintance she had made a few weeks earlier. He was a handsome, gentlemanly sort who seemed to enjoy light debate with her, however she never felt the same intelligence that Mr. Darcy so easily displayed. "Miss Elizabeth I am wounded that you seemed to have forgotten that you gave me this set last night at Mrs. Phillips' house." Wickham turned on his best smile. Elizabeth was slightly uncomfortable with the look she saw in Mr. Wickham's eye and by instinct looked back to find Mr. Darcy. "Do forgive me Mr. Wickham, I have made many new acquaintances this evening and our dance did slip my mind. Have you met Mr. Darcy of Pemberley?" It took Wickham a second to realize that he was once again face to face with Darcy, but as ever he threw on a smile and easily shook off any uneasiness. "Why yes, Mr. Darcy nice to see you again. Miss Elizabeth we should really get to the floor as the next dance is about to begin." Noticing the change in Mr. Darcy's mood, Elizabeth kept her eye on Mr. Darcy as she stood across from Mr. Wickham. "Are you well acquainted with Mr. Darcy?" she asked, hoping to gain a little insight on Mr. Darcy's unhappiness. "It may surprise you given Mr. Darcy's lack of manners, but we grew up together. My father was the steward at Pemberley and old Mr. Darcy was my godfather. Due to our fathers' friendship Darcy and I were often together, with the same tutors, playing all the games young boys do, and we even roomed together at Cambridge. But we had a falling out when old Mr. Darcy passed away; his son was jealous of our close relationship and took his revenge after his father's death. I mentioned to you before that I would have loved to take orders and it was Mr. Darcy who prevented me from doing so." Wickham felt sure that Miss Elizabeth was taking in all his words just as he wanted her to. Knowing Darcy's shy tendencies he doubted her first impression of the man was very complimentary, so he continued. "I am actually a bit shocked to see Mr. Darcy at an assembly such as this. He has always been a proud disagreeable sort of man. No doubt he was forced here by his friend, and by gun point I imagine." Elizabeth was unsure of the story Mr. Wickham was telling her; to make such claims so publicly was unnerving, and in the time she had spent with Mr. Darcy he did not appear to be disagreeable, just a bit shy. It was time to put an end to this conversation. Elizabeth went on to ask Mr. Wickham his opinion of the weather and other trivial nonsense until the end of the set, and asked to be escorted to Mr. Darcy. Both men gave a curt bow; it was clear Mr. Darcy wished to speak but he kept his anger in check and watched closely as Mr. Wickham walked to another room. Turning his attention back to the Miss Elizabeth he offered to get refreshments. Elizabeth was unsure how to feel about the strange interaction she had just witnessed. "Mr. Darcy, I am well enough, just curious as to the true nature of your relationship with Mr. Wickham. I have myself only been acquainted with the gentleman for a few weeks as he arrived with the militia. But it appears that you have a known each other for quite some time and your relationship is in a dire state. Please tell me what has just happened?" Darcy saw concern in her eyes and he was tempted to tell her the entire story in the middle of the assembly. "Miss Elizabeth I would be happy to explain to you the entire history of my relationship with Mr. Wickham, however this is neither the time nor place. Please know that he is not a man to be trusted. I will happily call on you tomorrow and explain everything to both you and your father, would you allow me to do so." Darcy had already decided to call on Elizabeth, and now his protective nature had completely taken over so that he must speak to Mr. Bennet and keep Wickham away from Elizabeth. Elizabeth forced herself to be satisfied with Mr. Darcy's explanation at present. "Mr. Darcy I would be happy to receive you tomorrow and I will let my father know of your desire to speak with him. I am well-known for my love of walking, and some have seen me walking to Oak Mount on a clear morning just as the sun rises." A slight flush came to Elizabeth's face; did she just invite Mr. Darcy to meet her alone in the morning? What must he think of her, what was she thinking? She had never been so forward before. Elizabeth looked up to see an incredibly handsome smile on Mr. Darcy's face. "That is wonderful news Miss Elizabeth. I look forward to tomorrow's sunrise. Unfortunately I must leave you, as I have asked your friend Miss Lucas for this set and here she has found me." Charlotte came to Elizabeth's side. "Mr. Darcy I believe this is our set. I'm sorry to interrupt you but as Lizzy tends to be long winded I decided to save you." She said with a small smile and Elizabeth couldn't help but laugh. "Oh, yes, Charlotte, please save the poor man. I was about to discuss father's new sheep. Mr. Darcy was nearly asleep with my rambling," both women laughed. "Forgive us Mr. Darcy, we are too easy in each other's company and sometimes get out of hand. I will take my leave of you and allow you both to enjoy your dance." Soon after Charlotte and Mr. Darcy headed to the dance floor Elizabeth was joined by the Colonel and Mary, who seemed to be enjoying each other's company. Elizabeth was slightly taken aback by her sister's smile; with the Colonel at her side Mary seemed to be more confident, and even more attractive. The trio shared a lively half hour as the Colonel entertained the ladies with stories of his childhood. "Colonel Fitzwilliam the way you describe your childhood you would think Mr. Darcy was always getting you into trouble and you were merely an innocent bystander. Now sir, forgive me, but I find this very hard to believe." Everyone laughed as Mr. Darcy and Miss Lucas made their way to the group. "Cousin what falsehoods are you spreading this evening?" Darcy gave Fitzwilliam a slight glare but ended with a smile. "Dear cousin you know I would never lie to such lovely ladies. I was regaling them with the heroics of my youth; a youth spent keeping you out of trouble, if I remember correctly." The Colonel did not give Darcy a chance to respond. "Miss Lucas I believe this is our set, let us show this assembly what real dancing looks like, shall we?" As they moved away Mr. Darcy offered to get refreshments for everyone, and Mary's partner for the next set appeared so leaving Darcy and Elizabeth together again. "Miss Elizabeth I hope my cousin has not turned you against me already? He enjoys making people laugh and may not let the truth get in the way of an entertaining story." "Do not worry Mr. Darcy, though the Colonel was very amusing it was clear that his stories held little truth. That is, unless you really did run away to join the navy at age 7 and he was forced to save you from pirates?" She arched a brow and gave him a wonderfully brilliant smile. "No Miss Elizabeth I believe the only pirates we ever encountered was the Colonel's older brother Viscount Lambton and, well, Mr. Wickham." Darcy's face was now set in a frown and Elizabeth hoped his mood was only temporary. "Mr. Darcy we have agreed to delay any conversation in regards to Mr. Wickham until tomorrow. Perhaps you can tell me instead about these missions with your cousin. He did mention a princess you often rescued." Her playful banter seemed to push back the dark thoughts in Mr. Darcy's mind. "Yes Miss Elizabeth, my sister Georgiana was a perfect princess for us; many times we would help her escape from the nursery and have her mucking in the dirt until her nanny would find us and send us all up for baths. Now that she is older and the Colonel and I are her guardians the stakes are much higher and the dangers much more real." "That is a great responsibility to have on your shoulders sir, how old is your sister?" "She is just fifteen, so happily we have a few years before she must be out. I do not look forward to her first season and I imagine Richard even more so." Darcy was struck with how easy it was to converse with Miss Elizabeth and could not help but stare. "Fifteen is a very trying age for a young lady; it is a strange time between childhood and womanhood. I remember being quite overwhelmed with the changes and am very thankful for my Aunt Gardiner. She was a wonder." Elizabeth laughed as she remembered what an emotional being she was at fifteen - no girl enjoys that age. "Miss Elizabeth, I agree that a young girl needs a woman to help her through this stage. Georgiana is currently living with my cousin's parents Lord and Lady Matlock. My aunt is a force to be reckoned with and has raised two lovely daughters. I have no doubt that under her watch Georgiana will blossom. My sister and I are both shy in company and though she appears demure and refined, I come off as haughty to some. It is a defect I have been working on recently and am very happy with the results." He smiled so wide Elizabeth saw his dimples for the first time and was quite taken aback at the sight. "If what you say is true, I must agree Mr. Darcy for I would never describe you as stand-offish or haughty. Many men of your stature cannot be bothered to socialize outside of the first circles, and your ease in our society is quite remarkable. Though with a cousin as amiable as Colonel Fitzwilliam I doubt you have much choice. He surely would not allow you to sulk in a corner no matter how shy." Darcy could not help but laugh. "You are quite correct Miss Elizabeth. In fact, earlier this evening my cousin gave me a lecture and insisted I dance with at least one new lady. If he was not present I worry that I might have been my usual reclusive self and left much to be desired. Luckily for me I was roused into action and have now met the most remarkable woman." Darcy was focused completely on the slight blush that came to Elizabeth's checks. Oh to forever be the cause of such blushes, thought Darcy. This woman is truly a wood nymph set to test my strength, and at this rate she will have me under her spell before the next set. As Darcy daydreamed, Elizabeth was joined by a flushed Charlotte and smiling Colonel. "Your friend is a lovely dancer, Miss Elizabeth. I would ask you for another set Miss Lucas, but I fear I might fall over in the middle of it. It has been too long since I've enjoyed a country dance and I am not quite up to the excitement." Charlotte blushed at the compliment but was soon forced to leave the group as her mother was looking for her rather loudly. The Colonel also made his excuses and moved to Mary's side once again, causing yet another woman to have a blush. As Darcy turned to continue his conversation with Elizabeth, her next partner found her and moved her to the floor. Darcy was not happy to see Elizabeth in the arms of another man. How can I feel possessive over a woman I have only met this night, he thought? She is unlike any woman he'd ever met; kind, intelligent, and uninterested in his wealth. This was the most successful social event Darcy had ever attended and tomorrow he was to walk with Miss Elizabeth Bennet at sunrise.
Elizabeth was awake earlier than usual, and with dreams of her dances with Mr. Darcy still on her mind she hurried through her toilette. Passing through the kitchen for a snack to take with her, she was on her way to Oak Mount within an hour. As she got closer to her destination she wondered if Mr. Darcy would be waiting for her, as Elizabeth had practically invited him to find her that morning, and while he did not seem to be shocked at the assembly perhaps a good night's sleep made him reconsider. Hoping her worry was in vain, Elizabeth climbed the last rocks that led to the beautiful view she had adored since childhood. These rocks and tree branches were her old friends and had provided a safe haven when the family chaos became too much; she had never brought anyone to this special place. Upon arriving to his chamber last night Darcy instructed his valet Roberts to wake him two hours before sunrise and have his riding clothes ready. After ten years of service to Mr. Darcy, Roberts knew better than to question his master and went to work on having everything ready for an early morning. Within an hour of waking Darcy was fully clothed and leaving his room, in order to avoid a certain lady he chose to leave through the servant's staircase making the trip to the stables shorter. Darcy asked the stable boy for directions to Oak Mount as he mounted Poseidon and reminded himself not to rush as it would not due to meet Miss Elizabeth covered in sweat. Finally he arrived at a small grouping of Willow trees, finding it easier to continue on foot he tied his mount to a tree out of the way and climbed to the top of the hill. Reaching the top Darcy realized he was the first to arrive, the view was expansive as you could see a good portion of the county and being the beginning of fall most of the land was still green. He understood why Miss Elizabeth would enjoy this little retreat. As Darcy was staring into the distance Elizabeth arrived and was taken aback at the sight of Mr. Darcy in her haven, he was relaxing against her favorite tree and appeared unaware of her presence. She paused for a few moments to examine this man who had intruded her dreams the night before. He was tall, well dressed, and undoubtedly handsome; but outside of the social setting he was also less rigid and seemed younger. It was obvious that Mr. Darcy was shy and maybe he needed to freedom of the outdoors to show his true nature; it was time for Elizabeth to test her theory. "Good morning Mr. Darcy" he was clearly shocked to see her so suddenly and required a moment before he bowed and greeted Elizabeth. "Are you enjoying our Hertfordshire sunrise? Our society might be somewhat limited but our nature is quite a sight, at least compared to the chaos of London." Darcy was happy to let Elizabeth lead the conversation as he was still taking in the sight of her in the early morning light. She was wearing a simply green morning dress with little decorations, a cream bonnet trimmed in green ribbon, and a small garnet cross. Her cheeks were pink from the exercise and her eyes shone. If Darcy had any lingering doubts about this breach in propriety this quieted all of them in an instant; she was a vision. "Good morning Miss Elizabeth. You are correct the sun rise in London is nothing compared to what you experience in the countryside. It is one of the many advantages of being out of town; as I mentioned last night I am shy by nature and much prefer to spend my time at my estate with my sister. We are both fond of the outdoors and enjoy a long ride. Do you ride Miss Elizabeth?" Mr. Darcy spoke rather quickly and Elizabeth delighted in the idea that he was nervous to see her again. "I do not ride at all, my father made a few attempts over the years but I was just not meant to be on a horse. Walking has always taken me where I want to go. Your sister I assume is a great horsewomen." "Georgiana has been riding since she was five and now at fifteen is quite accomplished. But I believe we both enjoy the sport because it allows us solitude in the outdoors. I hope that my aunt is able to help her in all the ways I am not able to; I have failed her on many occasions." The last sentence he nearly whispered and Elizabeth wasn't sure the comment was meant for her sake or his own. "Mr. Darcy your face shows the same concern and pain I saw last night when I introduced you to Mr. Wickham. While I know you plan on speaking to my father later, is there a part of your history you might feel comfortable sharing?" Elizabeth was unsure if her remarks were too bold. Mr. Darcy took a deep breath, he must be honest with Miss. Elizabeth however he knew without first speaking to her father his story must be appropriately vague "Miss. Elizabeth, I have known Mr. Wickham most of my life. His father was our steward and a very respectable man; my father allowed us to play together as children and we formed a bond of sorts. When I was 10 and Wickham 12 his father died suddenly. My father, out of respect for his loyal steward, provided Mr. Wickham with a gentleman's education from Eton through Cambridge. We roomed together and it was clear that Mr. Wickham was an uninterested student at best, he preferred gambling to lectures, and at the end barely completed his education. When my father passed a living was left to Mr. Wickham; knowing that he was unlikely to calm his lifestyle and accept the living I offered the value of the living instead. He was happy to accept the large sum and was on his way. Last summer we ran into one another again under less fortunate circumstances. These circumstances must be discussed with your father and I believe it is best to stop my story Miss. Elizabeth. You do not know me well but I will speak to your father along with my cousin to assure Mr. Wickham's character is known to the community." After revealing so much of himself to Miss. Elizabeth he sat down on a rock close by and waiting for her response, unsure of what to expect. Elizabeth took a few moments to take in all the information Mr. Darcy had given her; Mr. Wickham had only been her acquaintance for few short weeks but in that time he seems solicitous, easy in company, and over all likeable. Her youngest two sisters favored the handsome officer and she was shocked to realize he had managed hide so much of his character. "Mr. Darcy I thank you for trusting me with this portion of your history with Mr. Wickham. I know you are uncomfortable delving deeper into your reasons for not trusting the man until speaking with my father. I can appreciate what was not said in your brief story. My father may enjoy his daughter's silliness but he would never allow us to be in the company of a man who was not above repute. Perhaps it is time for us to return to our respective houses; I have dallied a bit longer than is my want and will soon be expected at breakfast." "You are absolutely correct Miss. Elizabeth; my cousin is likely already harassing my valet asking for my whereabouts. You see he is quite as eager as I am to make a particular visit this morning and heaven help me if Bingley believes we have left without him. I thank you for listening to my story, enjoy your walk home, and I will be calling as soon as is appropriate." Darcy held Miss. Elizabeth's hand, his intention was to bow and saw farewell but in a rare display of spontaneity he lightly kissed her gloved hand. He was rewarded with her blushing face and a quick goodbye. -:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:- As Darcy made his way to Netherfield his cousin Colonel Fitzwilliam was being escorted to Colonel Forster's quarters, completely unaware of his cousin's morning ride. "Good morning Colonel Forster, thank you for agreeing to see me this morning." Colonel Forster regarded the younger man in front of him; though Colonel Fitzwilliam's father was an Earl it was commonly known that his promotions were given due to Fitzwilliam's courage in battle and the great care he showed for his men. "Sir, it is always a pleasure to meet with another officer during these seemingly endless winter camps. Though the Hertfordshire gentlemen have been solicitous over the last few weeks; the longer we are camped here the more time my men have to find themselves in trouble. Luckily the complaints have been limited to unpaid merchants and a handful of drunken fights. But enough of my woes, what brings you to the area?" "I understand your weariness; soldiers without a purpose can turn into a rowdy bunch quite quickly. Finding myself in a similar state, soldier on leave, I chose to join my cousin Darcy. We are visiting his friend Bingley who is currently leasing Netherfield Park; I do believe you were introduced to the gentlemen last night." "Ahh yes Bingley, fine fellow; I believe my wife found him to be a happy sort and very willing to dance. Do you plan on being in the area for the winter?" "Well, I do hope to stay as long as possible; as a military man you know we are all beholden to our superiors. God willing my mother will have the pleasure of my company at her Christmas table in London. Until I know otherwise you will find me here Sir. To go back to the matter of unchecked soldiers are you familiar with a Lieutenant Wickham?" "Hmm, yes Wickham joined our ranks not a week before we journeyed to Hertfordshire; he is good friends with Lieutenant Denny. Not the hardest worker, though he does seem popular with the other men, and quite social in town. Are you aquatinted with the man and have I reason to be concerned?" Colonel Forster could see the anger building in Fitzwilliam as he spoke and hazarded to guess he would be down a man before the end of the day. Colonel Fitzwilliam was livid that Wickham had managed, once again, to install himself into polite society; a lifetime of blackguard behavior never seemed to catch up with the horrid man. "Yes, I have unfortunately known the man since childhood. Sir, I warn you now that if you do not rid yourself of the man he will be a black mark on your otherwise clear record. He is a known seducer, debtor, and miscreant; while I cannot go into details last summer he attempted to convince a young lady of my acquaintance to elope. The lady in questions was only 15 and possesses a dowry of thirty thousand pounds." "Sir, truly no further detail is needed; such men have a tendency of hiding in the military and are sadly rather common. I will speak to some of the men; get an idea of his debts in town and with other soldiers. If he is as you say no doubt I will find debts of honor and the like; he shall be detained soon enough. Thank you for the information; it would be a travesty to have such a man within this lovely society ruining the good name of the militia." Fitzwilliam took his leave soon after and headed back to Netherfield. With Wickham taken care of he was now free to enjoy the many beauties of Hertfordshire; mainly one Miss. Mary Bennet. He pushed his horse to a gallop hoping it was nearly the appropriate time to make a call. -:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:- After a loud breakfast Lizzie chose to spend the time before the men called to read an old favorite in her room and hide from her mother. To her surprise her solace was disturbed not ten minutes later by the quietest Bennet. "Lizzie would you help me with my gown this morning? I . . . I know that you and Jane usually help one another and if it's an inconvenience I will just return to my room. Better I leave, yes, that is much better." As Mary turned around to hide in her room she felt Lizzie pull her back into the room. "Mary you are always welcome to join me and Jane. It would be lovely to dress all together and an extra pair of hands can be very useful." Lizzie shocked Mary further by wrapping her in a tight hug. "And I am so sorry you did not feel welcome before, come we have work to do. Not that you do not already look lovely however I have it on the best authority that we will soon have three very handsome gentlemen to entertain. Let me fetch Jane." Within an hour the three ladies are were ready for morning calls and headed toward the drawing room. After a few minutes of working quietly Mary had to disturb her sister, "Lizzie did you mean it when you said we would have three gentlemen to entertain? I imagined that Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy would call this morning but" taking a deep breath she continued "you implied Colonel Fitzwilliam would also call. Where you merely teasing me Lizzie?" Seeing the panic in her younger sisters eyes, Lizzie took both of Mary's hands "I would never tease you in such an insensitive manner Mary. I meant what I said Mr. Darcy told me he and his cousin would be joining Mr. Bingley this morning. The Colonel mentioned you to his cousin last night and was looking forward to seeing you again." "Oh Lizzie! I cannot believe it, but wait Lizzie how do you know that the Colonel spoke to Mr. Darcy about me last night?" On cue Lizzie was blushing. "LIZZIE! Is that why you were so cheerful when I saw you leaving for your walk this morning?" Mary whispered harshly, knowing there mother could not overhear this conversation. "Mary, I may have run into Mr. Darcy on my walk this morning. It was a very quick walk together; you know I would never take such a risk with a new acquaintance. But I can say that after our conversation I feel as though he is a man to be trusted and will be happy to know him better." At that moment Mrs. Bennet burst in with Hill rushing to keep up with her flustered Mistress. "GIRLS, GIRLS, they are here! I must look you all over and . . ." seeing her three eldest sitting calmly, perfectly dressed, and not the least bit shabby Mrs. Bennet was stunned silent. Jane, being the families calming force, took over were her mother seemed to have left off "Mama I believe the gentlemen from Netherfield are approaching the house, perhaps it is best you sit down and await their arrival. We wouldn't want to be caught unawares." And just then Mrs. Bennet regained her equilibrium, sitting in her favorite seat, and adjusting her lace cap as Hill went to meet the men at the door. "Mr. Bingley, Colonel Fitzwilliam, and Mr. Darcy how lovely to see you all this morning; please please sit. Would you care for tea?" Mrs. Bennet seemed to move closer to the seats edge with every word. "Thank you Mrs. Bennet," the Colonel said nearly laughing at his companions who were distracted by the two eldest Bennet ladies. "We would love a bit of tea and may I say madam you and your daughters paint quite a beautiful picture; warms a soldier's heart." Oh yes he knew just how to sweet talk the matron. Mrs. Bennet ordered tea and sat back happily watching her three daughters entertain their respective gentleman. In her head imagines of lace, carriages, and wedding breakfasted silenced all fears of the hedge groves; she could have three daughters married by Christmas. "Mr. Darcy it is very nice to see you this morning." Elizabeth hoped she appeared calmer than she felt, "we never dreamt of having such a full sitting room this morning, you've made many ladies very happy." Darcy could not help but smile, "I have had a wonderful morning Miss. Elizabeth and the day appears to only be getting better. I was wondering if we could discuss those farming techniques you mentioned last night. As you state an assembly room was not the appropriate location but perhaps now would be a better time." Taking the gentleman's hint Elizabeth stood, "in fact Mr. Darcy I believe my father would be a better source of such information. Please allow me to escort you to his book room so you might be introduced, he was not up to attending the assembly last night but I am sure he would be happy to discuss many estate topics." Addressing her mother she continued "Mama please excuse us a moment Mr. Darcy asked to be introduced to papa and borrow a few books on farming techniques. We will return shortly." Unfazed by the request Mrs. Bennet shooed the couple away and continued to serve tea to the rest of the group. Mr. Darcy leaned close to Elizabeth ear and whispered, "That was quite well done Miss. Elizabeth, you mother did not seem to suspect a thing." He delighted in Elizabeth's slight shiver. "Mr. Darcy you quite under estimate my mother's match making ways, she would have pushed us out the room for any reason. This one time her purposeful blindness works to my advantage; and we have arrived." Elizabeth knocked on the door and opened it a few seconds later never needing to wait for an answer. Her father had always given her full access to his library; it was both a school room and sanctuary. "Papa I have a gentleman who wishes to make your acquaintance." Mr. Bennet perked up at his favorite child's words; he was used to Lizzie coming in at all hours to avoid her mother, to pick his brain on a book she was reading, and on occasion to discuss an estate matter. But to introduce a gentleman; this was a first and he knew well enough to give it his upmost attention. "Please Lizzie I am always happy to meet any friend of yours." "Papa this is Mr. Darcy of Pemberley in Derbyshire. We were introduced last night at the assembly; he and his friends have come to call on us. Mr. Darcy is a guest of our new neighbor Mr. Bingley." Mr. Bennet reached out to shake the young man's hand. "Mr. Darcy welcome to our home. I have met your friend Mr. Bingley, he is a very amiable fellow and I am glad to know you sir. Please do take a seat." Mr. Darcy took a seat and began his prepared speech. "Mr. Bennet the pleasure is all mine; I would like to apologize for the intrusion. I rather insisted Miss. Elizabeth make our introductions this morning apart from the other gentleman in my party so I might have the opportunity to ask your advice on a rather delicate situation. At last night's assembly after enjoying a dance with your daughter I was shocked to meet an old acquaintance; Mr. Wickham. We share a rather unpleasant history; the man has wronged my family for years and is known in many circles to be unworthy of polite society. Where the man in my sisters company without knowing his full history I would hope someone would expose his true nature." "This does sound like a rather serious matter Mr. Darcy. Lizzie my love would you please go back to your mother and sisters; we will be with you all as soon as we can, I believe it would be best if we continued this discussion privately." With that Lizzie left the men, anticipating Mr. Darcy's return more than she was willing to admit; while Mr. Bennet listened in silence as Mr. Darcy elaborated in frank terms the nature of Mr. Wickham's character. Mr. Darcy was emotionally drained after rehashing his entire history with Mr. Wickham; unaccustomed to exposing his failures to anyone he was unsure of the other gentleman's reaction. A firm hand on his shoulder was a welcome feeling and Mr. Bennet's next words put him at greater ease. "Mr. Darcy I would first like to assure you that I will not repeat any part of your story that would put your sister's reputation at risk; you do be a great honor by trusting me with the truth of this man's character. Secondly I believe we could both use a drink, here a little wine will take the edge off; also please feel free to address me as Bennet, as my friends do." Both men took a moment to take a sip of wine. "Now I assume by telling me this story you are hoping I can lend you more credibility and we can save the ladies and merchants of Hertfordshire a rather large amount of difficulty. I would recommend we speak to Colonel Foster and Sir Lucas; no two men will be more able to extract Mr. Wickham from the county." "I would like that Bennet and ask you return the favor and address me as Darcy. You are quite correct, my cousin Colonel Fitzwilliam has already gone to camp and spoken with Colonel Foster. While the man is likely to take the world of a fellow officer, two prominent men of local the gentry coming forward will add more weight to the matter. If it suits you sir my cousin and I would be available for any meeting you may have with either man." Mr. Darcy was happy to have the backing of Mr. Bennet and looked forward to ridding himself of Wickham once and for all. "Why not come tomorrow afternoon; I will send a note to Lucas today so he will expect us. Now we have settled the unpleasant business, let's return to the ladies and enjoy their smiles." With that they walked toward the drawing room.
