Of all the correspondence received that morning, only the note from Sir Frederick Blackwell was found to be unique, indeed very curious as Mr. Darcy mulled over its stark tone for some hours afterwards. "I ask that you be accessible tomorrow at ten o'clock; for I intend to pay you a call on a pressing matter." The letter closed with an equally terse expression of gratitude, as though Darcy had no option but to comply as requested, no matter what other business might take precedence. Curious, indeed. By the time Frederick's arrival was announced had Darcy decided that this meeting must have everything to do with their joint investment in the Cromford cotton mill, and that the concern was no profounder than pounds and shillings. His lifelong neighbor (and occasional friend) had not the best head for business, hence the reason he sought the partnership in the first place. Chances were excellent he would have some figures for Darcy's perusal, if not a tale of some trivial tussle with the foreman that needed arbitration. But upon entrance was all speculation discredited as Frederick, after a perfunctory salutation, requested their privacy be ensured. Almost instantly was Darcy alerted to Blackwell's countenance. He looked wretched, like he had not slept in days, and with as much alarm as anticipation was his wish granted, the study door firmly locked before the two men sat down in adjacent chairs. It took some time for the visitor to begin, as though he had come through no will of his own, and looked to their impending conversation with dread. A few introductory words were uttered, and then silence. Darcy leaned forward slightly, quietly encouraging the man to speak out, in such time formulating his own hypothesis; and with no precedent at all for this odd behavior, no prior instance of pithy notes demanding impromptu meetings in private quarters, his mind fixed on the likeliest (and lowest) of personal misfortunes. "Is it your father?" Darcy gently inquired after too many seconds had passed. Frederick answered in the negative, which was indeed surprising; for the stricken Lord Blackwell, at an age well above seventy, had sustained longer than any one of his predecessors, and yet clung to mortality fiercely whilst his senility advanced as steadily as his years. But why, then, did Frederick look so lost, almost frightened? Why were his hands clenched together so tightly that his knuckles matched his neckcloth? "Whatever it is," said Darcy, "you have my discretion." "I know," said Frederick, and then finally, in a hushed tone, made the confession. "It's Priscilla, she's had a…lover." The last word, though almost inaudible, could not be misheard. "A lover?" Darcy quietly repeated, the disclosure nothing less than astonishing. Without thinking, he blurted, "Are you certain?" Blackwell swallowed hard, choking out, "Of course I am," before his passions erupted—"and had he not fled the country, I should tear the bastard's heart out!" "Frederick, wait—just a moment, please." Darcy left his chair to pour his friend a drink, and upon handing him the glass, said, "Now then, ol' boy. Start from the beginning." "I'd suspected for some time," he began roughly, staring into the brandy then thrown down his gullet. "A couple of months, perhaps. Remember the Harpurs' ball, last autumn?" (Darcy nodded) "I'll never forget the way he looked at her when they danced, nor the smug grin on his face. You know of whom I speak. Bid me not say his name." Darcy gave but the slightest hint of acknowledgement, keeping just below the surface his vivid recollection of the foppish French count who had ruffled his own feathers after flirting so openly with his Elizabeth. His latent jealousy ere long subsided when she began making sport of the man's twitchy eyebrows and constant smelling of the hors d'oeuvres before tasting them. By the evening's end, the couple had taken to amusing themselves in observance of this brazen young bachelor making love to every pretty face in attendance, including the much-admired and ever-favored Priscilla Blackwell, his intolerable behavior too easily condoned by the Harpurs as a mark of his passionate culture. "Did she confess to you the affair?" asked Darcy when Frederick went silent once more. He nodded. "A week ago, after I confronted her with the evidence: a flowery French poem." In a perfect accent, Frederick quoted, "'Dans sa beauté se trouve ma mort et ma vie. In her beauty resides my death and my life.'" "Scève," said Darcy. "Pardon?" "Maurice Scève. Renaissance, I believe. One of my sister's favorites." At this bit of trivial information, Frederick laughed bitterly. "The prig could not be bothered to compose something original!" "Which should leave you with plenty of doubt as to the sincerity of his regard. And how came you upon this evidence?" "By my own investigation." Frederick hesitated before adding, "and a bit of help from her lady's maid." "You enlisted her maid to spy on her?" "For bloody good reason, by God!" the man barked. "And no woman is at liberty to keep anything from her husband. I was well within my rights." Darcy fell silent on this legally accurate, though morally questionable point, reckoning no good could come from disputing a man in his state. Furthermore, it would seem Blackwell was the victim of a far worse transgression deserving far more sympathy. For all of Frederick Blackwell's faults, and there were several, compassion was entitled to the recipient of so vile a betrayal, and to that end was the visit owed; thus was Darcy's reply: "I am truly sorry, ol' friend. I would not have thought Priscilla capable…" "Nor I," said the poor fellow now suffused with more sadness than anger. "She was the sweetest, loveliest thing in the world. God, I loved her so." Darcy raised his eyebrows, impelling Frederick to ask, "What, are you surprised, ol' boy?" "Well, I…that is to say, I've never heard you speak of your wife in such terms." "Nor have I heard you speak of yours thusly," countered he, "and yet it is common knowledge just the same." Frederick handed him the empty glass, implying that he should like another. Darcy moved to fulfill the unspoken request, straining to recall the number of times Priscilla was referenced in terms richer than youth, beauty, fertility, family, fortune or connections, the sum total at zero by the time he asked, "Where is your wife now?" "Melbourne," he answered resentfully, "to her father's unequivocal delight. 'Tis likely her future with Lord Selvidge is being planned as we speak." In this retort was verified one of several rumors circulated in the weeks before Frederick's nuptials; that the younger, meeker Lord Selvidge had been intended for Priscilla long before this older, prouder peacock sauntered into her life, brimming with unbecoming confidence and the worldliness comprising a man twice her age, easily winning Priscilla's favor, it was said, with far more bravado than her domineering father was used to. That Sir Frederick was but six months widowed before declaring himself ensued a heartier disapproval of the alliance, his indifference to propriety and her father's censure birthing a lasting contempt. Permission to wed the nineteen-year-old was granted only after the promising of an absurdly immense fortune on the event of Frederick's death, which was reasoned could not be too far off given his twenty-year seniority. And once the settlement was finally agreed upon was he happily rewarded with his girl bride thereafter crowed about like she were a prized broodmare, effectively revolting his less vain and more introspective peers, including and especially Mrs. Darcy, who found Sir Frederick barely tolerable on his best day. "Did she leave you willingly?" asked Darcy, and on Frederick's nod was moved to query further: "Indeed? Without discussion? Without asking forgiveness? With no offer of an explanation?" (no response) "For God's sake, Frederick, made you no attempt at all at reconciliation before you sent the girl packing?" "I did not send her away, nor was I open—at the time—to her explanations or contrition. Of a truth, I was enraged, so much that it frightened her; and thus she absconded in haste, taking with her but a few possessions. I regret it now, but I could not—could not stop shouting. And I would not listen. You might say I'd gone a bit mad in my response to her admission." With those words (and his unsettling aspect) came a moment of dread as Darcy asked plainly, "Did you beat her?" To Darcy's relief was the answer a definitive "No!" followed by Frederick's assertion that he could never harm Priscilla—"no matter what she's done to earn it. Besides, no amount of pain delivered upon her would have purged my own, just as no explanation would have sufficed; and so I lashed out verbally, fitfully. She did manage to say a few words in-between; that the affair was brief, that she did not love him; that she was…that she only felt undervalued and unappreciated, and that he…he…" Frederick's face contorted as though it physically hurt to go on, and mercifully was he assured that no further explanation was needed, though Darcy began to wonder if more brandy might be counterproductive, rather akin to stoking a bonfire than dousing the flame. Nonetheless he poured another glass. "Do you intend to dissolve the marriage?" The question was met with a curious look, then another angry outburst: "And let that buggering little frog claim victory? Over me? Give her father or that sniveling Selvidge the satisfaction of being rid of me? Over my dead body!" Darcy shook his head with pity, a motion unseen by Frederick as his eyes were fixed to the desk throughout his impassioned speech. Though he was not so adept at offering comfort as his friend might have hoped, Darcy supposed himself more proficient at offering perspective, and therefore replied: "I think your wife's youth and inexperience might be taken into account. Not as an excuse for her actions, but in providing the dilemma its due context." Said Frederick, "I should provide allowance for this one indiscretion, were I confident of its being the last. Never have I been blind to the reality of what I possess. Priscilla is far too beautiful not to meet temptation, too green to resist the lure of seduction, and too trusting to perceive the artfulness of her lover. But I blame not these characteristics for what's happened, Darcy. Rather—" "Indeed that was not my point, Frederick—" "Rather," he repeated, "I have since come to realize my wife's susceptibility to persuasion has been paramount in her choice to walk this treacherous path." Frederick was looking at him now, and with an aspect oddly accusatory. Drink in hand, Darcy stepped towards him, quite befuddled as to the reason for this. Surely the man cannot believe him in some way culpable in this affair? The very notion was ludicrous; for in the two-year span of her marriage had he spoke naught but a few words to Priscilla Blackwell, for no purpose but politeness and, of course, always in public. If it were true, thought Darcy, if persuasion played as substantial a part as Frederick believes, the far more likely accomplice would be a woman, moreover a trusted friend, in which case… Like a dead leaf his humor fell, and with a flagging urge to be hospitable did Darcy pause just short of handing his guest the replenished glass. Silently he dared the man to come right out with it, and at length said to him: "What sort of persuasion, pray?" "Why your wife's persuasion, of course!" Frederick spat, the sheer venom in the foreseen allegation enough to ignite within Darcy a sudden, fierce disdain for this man stupid enough to emit such defamation in his home, his study, about his Elizabeth. But he would take care to be tranquil, despite the provocation, and with remembrance that he was dealing with a man in great distress; hence he calmly but contemptuously replied, "And what, may I ask, has led you to that conclusion?" Uttering a foul curse, Frederick shot out of his chair and made for the nearest window, his agitation such that he seemed entirely unable to manage himself, no matter how hard he tried. Staring out, he took a deep breath and answered, with better restraint, "It was not my intention to speak out in a manner so…abrupt. Forgive me, ol' boy. I am not quite myself." "I see that," Darcy returned before he swallowed down the drink in his hand, set down the glass, and said, "So that is the reason you've come then? Not for my sympathy, friendship or guidance, but to accuse my wife of meddling in your marriage, and of persuading your wife to take a lover? Is that an accurate enough assessment of the situation?" "I suppose now you will call me out, eh?" His airy reply left Darcy livid."I have four children, you swaggering shit, and am far too old for this nonsense!" At once Frederick seemed to realize his blunder as he turned from the window, but just a few words into a feeble apology was the pathetic wretch cut off with Darcy's brusque demand to show himself out and never return. Excessive, Darcy would later admit, but as his temper vanished, so emerged his stubbornness in full swing. Frederick watched in astonishment his host make for the door, and upon unlocking it declare their friendship and their business connection hereby severed, punctuated with, "You will hear from my solicitor directly." "Oh come now, Darcy, you cannot mean that. You will lose thousands!" "A sorely underrated luxury is my indifference to that fact." "Wait, please!" cried Frederick, his eyes full of contrition, as the door was swung open. A more earnest apology and a desperate plea for one more minute of Darcy's time followed—"to explain myself, nothing more. Just one minute, and you will never see me again if that is your wish. On my father's life, I swear it." Darcy glared at him, jaw set and rebuff prepared; and yet the tone of Frederick's voice stayed his tongue, moreover the despair never before witnessed in this proud, pompous man truly frightened by his predicament, a chap who, even as a boy, never once showed weakness. "Have pity, Will," Frederick implored, having not addressed him thus since their youth. "One more minute, please." Gripping the door's edge, Darcy thrust it forward, letting it slam. "Starting now," he said grudgingly, and with that began Frederick's hurried explanation: "As you well know, my wife and Mrs. Darcy have formed a friendship in the last year or so, which I have found not in the least bit objectionable. In such time Priscilla has expressed to me, on numerous occasions, her ardent admiration for the lady, for her intelligence, her wit, and her admittedly charming but rather…peculiar independence of spirit." Darcy bristled at the pejorative manner in which these adjectives were expelled, his goodwill hanging by a spider's thread as Frederick went on: "It has come to my attention of late, that Priscilla has taken to reading certain materials on your lady's recommendation, works I strongly object to and was inclined to forbid—for her own good, mind you. Such works are enticing to an especially young woman, and at one-and-twenty is Priscilla still so impressionable, so ripe for the perversions of these contemporary poets and authors. I'll not mince words, ol' boy, and how it pains me to say, that Mrs. Darcy has, whether consciously or not, awakened an urge within my wife to rebel." "I see," was Darcy's cold reply. "Thirty seconds." "What, you think me out of order?" Frederick snapped. "That I am not aware of the contempt in which your wife holds me, that her expressions have escaped my notice, that I have not read the inference in her remarks these twelve years, that I have been oblivious to her sarcasm rife with disparagement and derision? I have seen how she pities my Priscilla for marrying me, for enduring me, meanwhile taking delight in my wife's company, moreover her compliments to the lady's most refreshing singularity. It was declared that Mrs. Darcy's friendship has been invaluable, that she is dear, wise and sensible. And though it was never declared openly that the affair occurred as a direct result of the her influence, it is more than fair to reason that these illicit ideas might have never entered my wife's head, had such a friendship never materialized. But before you cast me out, let me assure you I did not come here for the purpose of condemning either of you. You have always had my respect, Darcy—always! Your family, as well. And that respect has never wavered, not in the least." Frederick began pacing the floor, growing evermore excitable as he continued: "I had prepared a prettier speech than this; but now that I have destroyed all pretense to civility, there is little choice but to proceed with absolute candor, to bare myself completely. Of a truth, I care not a whit about how much or how little anyone is to blame for this. Do believe me when I say the extent of your wife's involvement is of no importance to me, her opinion of me irrelevant, her intent, or lack thereof, entirely immaterial. I only want…" Frederick whipped around again, giving Darcy his back and slamming a palm hard against the wall. "I want my wife back!" he shouted, pounding the wall in repetition, rattling the decanter and shocking his host with the force of his desperate plea. Darcy recognized such desperation. In his own reflection he had seen it, ages ago, in the hours following a certain lady's rejection of a highly insulting marriage proposal. The recollection served well in cracking his stone wall of stubborn resolve, as he could wish upon no man a burden so oppressive, no matter his offense. Whether merited or not, Sir Frederick's grief was felt with an acuteness that pierced his heart, awakened his empathy, and flipped his anger on its head. "Sit down, Frederick," he bade softly, wondering if this man formerly bounded by the armor of his lineage had even the capacity to fully understand these feelings; for it seemed he should much rather expel them than comprehend them. And on the command's submission Darcy pondered the best way to proceed. "You want her back, you say. Very well. And what is it you want from me? Surely you cannot think it within my power to save your marriage." "It is not your power I am in need of, Darcy. Have you not deduced that by now?" Frederick looked at him, and indeed Darcy knew, as well as he knew the impossibility of such a notion. He opened his mouth to argue as much, only to be refuted preemptively, his tacit objections countered with more examples of Mrs. Darcy's influence over the pliable Priscilla Blackwell, from her increasingly decided opinions on various subjects to her fresh interest in taking long walks in solitude. By the end, Darcy imagined himself possessing the patience of a saint as he calmly retorted: "Had my wife even half the power you presume, it is your own contention, Frederick, that she thinks so ill of you as to remove her friend from your power. And so I ask you: What reason has she to assist you by any means within her authority?" Before he'd finished the question Darcy knew its answer, and then asked, "Is this where I am to enter the scene?" "It is." As he said the words, Frederick seemed finally to realize the extent to which he was willing to humble himself, perhaps for the first time in his life. "Will you speak to her?" "And what would you have me say on your behalf, sir?" "That I am willing to do anything; that I am truly at her mercy. And Priscilla's." At length Darcy contemplated, still quite reluctant, before replying, "Do you love her that much? Or is this all to do with your pride, Frederick? Are we to be embroiled in a situation made of nothing more delicate than your dignity, conceit and, I daresay, your arrogance, which forbids a Blackwell's grand prix to humiliate him in such a manner?" Darcy half expected the man at that moment to take off in outrage, such was his prickly nature, only to have his expectations subverted once more as Frederick answered wearily: "Is it not clear enough how drained I am of such attributes? Indeed the vacancy I feel is overwhelming. Excruciating. Only drink has numbed the pain. But I am tired of drinking, Darcy. Tired of numbing myself lest I fall ill beyond repair. The master of Pemberley knows better than I do the consequences of so dreadful an outcome. It cannot be afforded. My duties are incalculable. My father is dying; I am without an heir, and so downhearted that I fear Kingston shall crumble under the weight of my despair. Help me, Darcy. I am begging you."
Elizabeth Darcy was floored. It was inconceivable, the very thought of a Blackwell's undoing—and over a woman!—a creature whose value generally hinged upon the size of her dowry, the fairness of her complexion, and the function of her womb. That the supercilious Sir Frederick, whom Elizabeth had borne for twelve years as a model of everything she loathed about the Quality, was now a shell of his former self by virtue of his wife's absconsion, left her truly torn over what, if anything, was to be done. At her dressing table she sat, pulling hairpins as part of her nightly ritual, eyes fixed on her husband through the looking glass, most attentive to his solemn recounting of today's meeting with his broken comrade. By the story's end she felt a measure of sympathy relative (though hardly equal) to William's, despite her conviction that the gentleman had brought every bit of his plight upon himself. "Your position, it would seem, is uncompromising," replied William to her declaration of such, "whereas I am less convinced that their marriage is beyond recovery." "It is hard to have your faith, Mr. Darcy, when a man is so disinclined as Frederick to listen when a woman speaks. Your friend's attention, I daresay, was not to be gained by gentler means. And therefore in the bluntest manner possible was he made keenly aware of his wife's unhappiness." "Is that so?" His searching look and suspicious tone put Elizabeth immediately on the defensive. "I did not encourage Priscilla Blackwell to take a lover!" "I know you would never do so deliberately," said William, "but I now wonder if the connotation of your counsel might have been misconstrued to damning effect." Elizabeth ceded that possibility, and on further reflection suffered a twinge of guilt thus projected in her response: "I had no ill intentions, nor an inkling of Priscilla's actions. You cannot believe—" "Of course not, darling," he was quick to rejoin. "As to Frederick's belief, I repeat that he is fixed not on pointing the finger, but on winning back his wife." "Then he might try earning her," she bit out, then pausing to check her temper ere she continued, "I am not without compassion, but nor can it be overlooked, that Sir Frederick sees nothing beyond the tip of his own nose, and—sadly, though not undeservedly—has his effrontery cost him what he claims to value most." William nodded, presumably in accord, as he took his side of the bed the two of them had shared for the last twelve years. "And Priscilla Blackwell, what does she value most?" The question came unexpectedly, and so Elizabeth thought hard on it, eventually turning from the mirror to respond directly, "It is most evident she has yet to make that discovery; but I assure you whatever it is cannot be bought—not with flowers, flattery or frilly French poetry. The books have provided some inspiration, I think, but nowhere near the lengths to which Frederick so narrowly presumes. Despite the improvement of her mind, Priscilla has a great deal more to learn—she and her husband." William sighed. "It would seem two things are apparent, my dear: that your friend is lost, and that mine is lost without her." Leaving her dressing table, Elizabeth made to lay beside him, nestling up to his taller, broader frame. "What a singular predicament we now find ourselves in," said she, to which her husband shook with quiet laughter. "Indeed, my dear. Were my empathy not so touched, I should be most inclined to stay out of such business entirely. 'Tend your own garden,' as my father used to say, and there are few marital dilemmas more delicate (or more private) than this one. But before we avow to wash our hands of the matter, I must have you understand what it took for Frederick to come to me today, what drives the proudest of men to such humility. Despite all subterfuge, his cocksure veneer, his insufferable posturing, Frederick Blackwell has revealed himself as a man helplessly, rather desperately in love. Of that I am quite certain." Elizabeth smiled in acknowledgment of her husband's expertise in such matters, and replied: "That he is capable of knowing how to love a woman is less certain." "I managed to learn, and he seems willing to. Might Priscilla be willing to give him another chance? Might she learn from her own mistake, and henceforward satisfy her yearning by less fickle means?" "Are you attempting to persuade me to persuade her, Mr. Darcy?" Darcy rolled to his side to face her. To the tip of her nose he stole a kiss, and then rested on one elbow. "This is what I propose," said he, brow knit with contemplation. "A garden party, four weeks hence. We invite the Blackwells, which gives Frederick adequate pretext to write Priscilla and—in a most gentlemanly manner—apply for her immediate return to Kingston. She will accept obligingly, as the preservation of appearances, after all, is a mark of good breeding." "I imagine it otherworldly," said Elizabeth, "that your friend should write her on the pretext of his self-confessed desire for her company, her delightful essence, her…" She trailed off as Darcy gave this notion the laugh it deserved. Elizabeth conceded her momentary slip into madness, and then bade he continue lest she begin raving again. "In the time preceding the event shall Frederick make the heartiest of endeavors," said William. "I have stressed to him that his behavior must be stellar, his manners impeccable—" "I daresay this seems too far a reach for the likes of Frederick Blackwell," quipped Elizabeth. "Dismiss him not too hastily, Mrs. Darcy. If hope remains, a man will act a fool for the woman he loves." He then asked earnestly, "But is there hope, my dear? That is to say, does Priscilla…? Could she…?" "Love him?" (he nodded; she shrugged) "I cannot tell you. She married for love, I think, but knows not its meaning. For so long she had been resigned to her fate with Lord Selvidge; but then Sir Frederick blew into her life as a violent wind, dazzling her, flattering her, overwhelming her with a powerful determination when she was but a girl, when she knew not her own mind, her own proclivities. I should call her emotional state that of utter confusion and distress. When she at last reaches a state of self-knowledge, of sovereignty, only then will she know precisely what he means to her. Until then, he must have patience." "Patience. Not one of Frederick's strong suits," William quipped, "so accustomed he is to taking what he wants as he wants it. In all your conversations, did not Priscilla ever mention this admirer of hers, this count?" "Not at all, which complicates the matter exceedingly, but…" Elizabeth paused to study her husband keenly, and with a rising concern said, "Surely, Mr. Darcy, you are not suggesting I do what Frederick bids of me, that I act as an instrument to his design?" His expression scorned the very notion of such a thing, and he replied hotly, "You are no lady's maid, Mrs. Darcy! And to Frederick I have made it plain, that we'll abide no scheming or duplicity of any kind, and that your role shall be infinitesimal. As it must, the fate of our estranged couple hinges entirely upon their own redemption, and their own choices, whether of words or actions or both. I am not, however, adverse to setting the stage." "Nor I," she agreed. "I wish only for Priscilla to know happiness in whatever form it takes…" (she smiled) …"even if that form is her husband's. By your account, and without knowing the particulars of the affair, my impression is that she was seduced into it, and is sorry for it. She is not clever, but nor is she vicious. Very few have I known, sister Jane and our little Malcolm among them, of gentler nature or sweeter temper. Sir Frederick values that much at least, though 'tis a rather rickety foundation on which to build a lasting partnership. And May promises excellent weather for a garden party." And so it was settled between them, that the party would take place on the twentieth of May, when the gardens were to be in full bloom, most notably their hedge maze, which was widely recognized as the loveliest in Derbyshire. Constructed many years ago as Mrs. Darcy's birthday gift to her beloved husband, travelers came far and wide in the summer months to visit and stroll through the impeccably tended labyrinth of a singular puzzled design yet to be replicated ('twould be in bad form to do so, after all). The couple took equal pride in its splendor, and in its maintenance was spared neither love nor expense. Their children, especially, favored the site as a playground in which to while away the afternoon hours as a reward for the day's lesson with Miss Baxter, the Darcys' dedicated (and very capable) governess to whom this work shall now devote a measure of compulsory exposition. Pemberley was the second private estate to employ Miss Baxter's services, the first obliged to set her free on completion of her pupils' education, which, if one may be plain, yielded excellent results (the two daughters were lately married, each to men of rank, the son now engaged to the heiress of an American financier). And so, equipped with glowing references and hearty recommendation, was Miss Baxter removed to Derbyshire's wealthiest property, where a promising litter of three awaited her, and a troublesome ward was later inserted. Her new pupils proved more of a challenge than originally anticipated, when in her first week the middle child, Miss Janie, spoke candidly of her disinterest in arithmetic, and for another week refused to take up a needle and thread on her assertion that it was a silly (and exceedingly dull!) occupation. Never had Miss Baxter seen so young a girl with so brash a tongue, so headstrong in her reluctance to behave as a lady of good breeding ought. But during a conference with her mother did Miss Baxter gain better understanding of this decidedly different situation, of a woman who did not, in fact, value societal convention and matrimonial development so much as intellect, ideas, critical thinking and curiosity, the refinement of which taking utmost precedence. There was no use arguing the fallacy of Mrs. Darcy's approach to girl-rearing, nor the unlikelihood of a gainful marriage, as the missus, too, retained a stubborn nature quite set in stone. Thenceforward, Miss Janie took to her lessons remarkably well, and by age six could read and write at an extraordinarily advanced level. History and Literature were among her favorite subjects, and Geography, too, as the years went on. In due course was arithmetic given better concentration as the girl was quite fond of puzzle games, and so long as the problems were framed as such, Miss Janie, now almost ten years of age, was agreeably up to the challenge of solving them. The eldest child, Master Ben, was of a less quarrelsome but prouder nature, a rather precocious youth who fancied himself a grown man, and who happy lived by a deeply ingrained set of congenital principles. Worn on his sleeve were his defining characteristics: thoughtful, bright, moreover cognizant of his station in life as the heir apparent, a precedence he took very seriously. Often were his hands, when not in use, clasped behind his back, a practice also employed habitually by the Darcy patriarch, whom the boy clearly sought to emulate in every respect. Not unlike the austere (and rather impressive) Mr. Darcy, Master Ben exuded an air of superiority quite common among males of eminent distinction, whilst at the same time followed Miss Baxter's lessons with marked self-discipline, questioning her instruction only when it seemed not quite relevant to his principal purpose, that being his eventual succession, which would ultimately, as he'd once phrased it, entail the sort of tutelage well outside her area of expertise. And on that head was the eleven-year-old now preparing himself to attend Eton next autumn, a few years late in terms of convention, but of education perfectly suitable. Miss Baxter's youngest and favorite Darcy pupil was, and likely ever would be, the meek and modest Mr. Malcolm, a boy just turned eight years old, and yet possessing a superiority of character few men three times his age possessed, and a nobility of spirit relative to the angels. There was not a soul of whom he did not think well, and to this pure youth was all in the world respectable. To hear ill of anyone brought him pain, and to all negative inferences was he disinclined to accept without contention. Though Miss Baxter worried that the inevitable sorrows of life were sure to harden the dear lad by and by, it was Mrs. Darcy's claim, citing fondly her beloved sister he so closely favored both in looks and temperament, that his kindhearted disposition, no matter the world's cynicism, would forever endure in the face of it. Given his natural virtue, one might think the boy rather simple, and in essentials perhaps he was. In the schoolroom, however, did he display acute intuition and aptitudes well beyond his years; not that he would ever boast of these abilities, among which was a superb singing voice to accompany his brother's violin, or his sister's harp. But, personal favorites aside, each Darcy sibling showed disparate talents and attributes that should serve their family reasonably well. How Miss Baxter wished she could say the same of her newest and most challenging pupil to date, the mischievous Mr. Wickham (or little George, as he was sometimes referred), who'd revealed to her early a disinclination to following rules and taking orders, as well as a predilection to recreation over responsibility. As a teacher who had established her bona fides at a charity school, in general had Miss Baxter the utmost compassion for displaced orphans, particularly one who had lost his mother so suddenly to illness, the poor thing finding himself all alone at the tender age of ten. The boy's father, she was informed, was among the noble casualties of Bonaparte's war, a heroic officer taken down most tragically in his son's infancy. To add injury upon injury, at the age of four did George's only grandfather succumb to apoplexy, leaving no paternal influence within immediate proximity; and so, for the bulk of his fledgling years were his material companions comprised of two doting, rather overbearing women, his mother and (also deceased) grandmother respectively, the pair of whom sheltering and spoiling the boy to their own delight and his detriment. How unfortunate, thought Miss Baxter, that his father did not live to instill within his son the sort of character, discipline and principles so deeply-rooted in the Darcy brothers; for surely the honorable lieutenant would have raised the boy right and proper. In her experience had Miss Baxter found that, while mothers were inured to supplying their sons the unconditional love and affection all children need and deserve, fathers were absolutely paramount to a boy's overall wellbeing, and most crucial to the shaping of his future. Not that Mr. Wickham was bad, per se. In many ways was the eleven-year-old exceedingly charming, amiable, and pleasantly natured. A healthy balance he brought to his more earnest relation of the same age, Master Ben, who, despite his shortcomings, would easily claim George his favorite among a baker's dozen of first cousins. A practical realist, Miss Baxter ceded that there shall always be children more resistant than others to relinquish the carefreeness of youth, and of such had George proved her most vexing example. Though his intelligence was average, his cleverness was advanced as he too often found one way or another to evade or curtail the day's lessons in favor of more diverting activities. His favorite subject (as it might as well be called) was horses, and at almost any given moment could Mr. Wickham be found somewhere in the livery yard, fraternizing with the stable hands or grooming the stock, which he knew was forbidden during class hours. It was a constant aggravation, a perpetual strain on her time and energy. Though she was far from giving up, that the restless young man, after one year and a half under her authority, took almost nothing seriously remained his most concerning defect, especially when he, like Master Ben, was to become master of his own (albeit much smaller) estate in Hertfordshire, an entailment of which Mr. Wickham thought little and seemed to care even less as the property, according to the missus, fell currently under a steward's management till the completion of his education. On occasion was Miss Baxter privy to the Darcys' outspoken disappointment in George's behavior and progress, but never (thankfully) was she blamed for it. The couple enforced her rules to the best of their ability, Mr. Darcy having once or twice come just short of taking the lad over his knee before thinking better of it, sympathetic as he was to the orphaned child's circumstances. Mrs. Darcy, too, had nearly matched her husband's frustration, but with no love lost in the slightest as she worked with the governess daily to try and set Mr. Wickham on the straight and narrow path. Despite these challenges, overall was Miss Baxter content in her taxing situation; for the Darcys were fair, kind, good people, highly attuned to one another and believed to be very much in love. Consequently, their children lived under a happy roof, devoid of spitefulness, neglect or cruelty, and in the couple's shared countenance was intuited a keen understanding of their wayward nephew, an unquestionable affection, an abundance of patience, but, most essentially, an absolute determination, especially on Mr. Darcy's end, in guiding the boy towards great success. Indeed, Mr. Wickham was as much a son to the mister and missus as their natural born, and their loving, dogged efforts Miss Baxter reckoned should improve the young man in good time, hopefully sooner than later.
George Wickham crept out of doors very early that morning to meet with Sam Cullen, who had promised to have Hera saddled and ready at six o'clock sharp—"should ye' be bold enough to take advantage," the grizzled old groom had said. For unlike his uncle Darcy, this common servant wholly sympathized with George's fervid desire to take on the hot-bloods ruled forbidden till his abilities matched his eagerness. To smaller, gentler breeds was he gallingly restricted whilst his cousin Ben as the more experienced rider was granted access to nearly all of Pemberley's stock, the Majestics among them. Not that George could not appreciate his uncle's well-meaning limitations imposed for his own protection, or that he woke up every morning with the urge to break rules. He simply found some rules too redundant, insufferable or unfair to abide, especially when he fell behind Ben Darcy through no fault of his own. As a consequence to his mother's misplaced fears of him taking a fatal fall did "little George" arrive embarrassingly late to equestrianism, having almost no contact with horses in the first decade of his life. Not until his move to Pemberley subsequent to poor Mamma's death did George receive his first lesson, thus igniting a passion for riding almost instantly, indeed a passion for just about everything hitherto above his knowledge and out of reach. It was not long before George realized that life in Hertfordshire had been exceedingly dull, monotonous, entirely free of adventure, and horribly lacking in fun. Life with the Darcys, however, had introduced him to a world of pleasures such exorbitant wealth afforded. Only a year ago had George gone on his first holiday, traveling in the best carriages pulled by the best horses to the best room in the grandest hotel on the shores of Brighton, where he first saw the ocean and marveled at its splendor. He would learn to sail, he had promised himself, and would someday be a sea captain; but before he could master a ship must he master the land by way of superior horsemanship, and so George spent as much time as possible on the back of a mount, making up for time lost, something he fancied should earn him far more praise than censure. But Mr. Darcy, a once kind but increasingly stringent figure of authority, was so insistent upon his concentration on schoolwork, on tedious subjects which confined him for hours within a windowless room under the watchful eye of stodgy ol' Miss Baxter, that he really had no choice but to bend the rules now and then. His short-sighted uncle must some day or another comprehend, as Sam Cullen did, George's yearning to reach the level of excellence equal to his namesake, the man who had learnt to ride on that very same property, in that same livery yard, and right alongside Mr. Darcy. "Your father was the finest horseman that ever was seen," George's mother had told him on too many occasions to count, "and the handsomest soldier in Colonel Forster's regiment. So amiable he was, of gentlemanly manners, a friend to peers and peasants alike, and a favorite among the ladies, too, including your aunt Lizzy at one time. But then she married for money instead, not long after I had won my dear Wickham's heart." It was among his favorite bedtime stories, along with her tale of a toad named Collins, once in line to take ownership of their beloved home before Providence intervened to strike a deadly fever upon this slimy creature cloaked in clergyman's attire, thus liberating his long-suffering wife to marry a respectable human physician, and bequeathing Longbourn to its rightful master, Mr. George Thomas Wickham. Not only was this story avowed as well over two-thirds accurate, but its every retelling never failed to send them both into a fit of giggles by the end. And with these truth-inspired tales came his mother's fond remembrance of her dear Mr. Wickham, of their whirlwind romance, of his brief career with the militia before falling madly in love with her in Brighton, and of his joining the Regulars on a commission purchased as a wedding present from his best man, godbrother, and lifelong friend, Mr. Darcy. She talked of her husband's passionate devotion to the army, of his burning desire to go abroad and fight for King and Country, and his bravery in the Peninsula before meeting a tragic end that befell so many other great heroes of the war. "And it was all for you, little George," she had stressed to him, "for he could not abide his son growing up in a world run by the Corsican Fiend, Bonaparte; and so he nobly sacrificed himself for the greater good. Oh how dearly he wished to return home to us!—to know you, especially, to be the father you deserve. But the good die young, unfortunately, and as the best of men was your Papa destined not to grow old as great men ought. My one hope, sweetling, is that you turn out just like him; that you grow to favor him in character as you do in appearance; for there was none so splendid as he." And with this in mind did little George slip out through the servant's door and, lantern in hand, set off to the stables, where the magnificent mare was indeed waiting for him as promised, Sam Cullen smiling as he walked her out of the stall fully prepared. "Ye' cannot tell a soul, George," the man whispered, pressing a finger to his lips. "And if ye' ain't back in twenty minutes, it's on my head! Don't disappoint me." "I won't, Sam," George whispered back. "You're a true friend. Were it not for you, I'd be riding Shetlands till I'm twenty!" "That's right, boy," Cullen replied, "and so you 'member that, and don't be out too long, else I'm sacked and there ain't no one else to help ye', do ye' hear? Mates forever, right?" "Right, Sam," said George as he mounted Hera. "Twenty minutes, I promise. To the west wood and back, no farther." He coaxed the mare into motion and out of the stables, setting off at a steady gait out into the splendor of the rising sun over a scenic landscape. He swept past the enclosure confining a tamed fallow, Aries, rescued two springs ago as an orphaned fawn deep within the very wood to where George was now heading, his ears perked in awareness of pounding hooves against the grass on which he grazed. Onward George rode, quite proud of his own wisdom in selecting this aging, manageable Thoroughbred all but ready to be put to pasture. Gradually he increased the gait, from a trot to a cantor, as of yet lacking the confidence to go full gallop—but soon, very soon. As dawn rose to morning he reached the forest, from thence arriving at the bridle path which led directly to the tree stump serving as a marker for him to turn around and head back. George was disappointed as he felt the ride all too brief; but the sky's hue signaled he was making good time. And so, eyes fixed to the stump, he decided to try something never before attempted, that Mr. Darcy had yet to sanction, that even Ben had not permission to endeavor. The hurdles used in practice were simple feats, and Hera, aptly bred for jumping, had most certainly made higher leaps than the one George was determined to take here and now. The stump could not have been more than a meter in height, still well above what he was used to. Most acutely had his uncle been observed taking a fence with perfect ease and grace, the position of horse and rider in relation to the hurdle explained many times over. George knew that he was ready, and therefore situated himself accordingly, coordinating the mare as per instruction. Stay centered, less tension, was he told time and again. Instinctively, inadequately, George too often took to leaning forward and gripping firmly, his thighs squeezing the horse to excitability, a novice mistake he sought to correct as he trotted Hera closer and closer to the obstacle. And once he cleared it, he would show his uncle in his next lesson how much he'd improved, and how able he was to ride – and jump! – as large and noble a mount as Ben Darcy. And from thence would he progress from ponies and hurdles fit for Janie and little Malcolm, all at once surpassing Ben in proficiency, never mind experience. Or advantage. The obstacle now upon him, George was abruptly seized with inexplicable panic, which the horse immediately sensed as she began to resist, snorting and bucking in response, compelling her rider to grip tightly and hold fast. Now perceiving him as a threat, Hera reared back, front heels high in the air, braying in spirited disapproval until the unwelcome weight was shaken to the ground. George landed hard upon his back, the sheer force of it knocking every bit of air out of his lungs. He struggled fiercely to catch a breath, eyes wide with terror as he felt the deadly threat of suffocation, that he was essentially a fish out of water, mouth opening and closing, writhing in desperation. Up he sat, thankful to at last feel the smallest ingestion of oxygen. For several minutes he worked to recover, one shallow breath at a time, whilst Hera maintained a cautionary distance and mistrustful stare. George glared at the beast, tears welling, and loudly he berated her as a worthless nag, pitching handfuls of dirt in her direction before rising to his feet, gritting his teeth as an intense pain assaulted his upper back. Consequently was George alerted to the time as he rushed to retrieve his mount, the animal less inclined than before to obey. With some effort he grabbed hold of the reigns and hoisted himself onto her back. In haste he cued her homeward, soiled and sore from the embarrassment of an outing, furious tears streaking his dirt-smeared face. Not unexpectedly was he found out as, within a field of wildflowers and midway to the stables, he was met by an angry rider fast approaching. "Mr. Wickham!" barked Hodges, the livery manager, pointing a finger as he firmly commanded, "Halt your mount, boy! HALT!" "What is it?" asked Janie Darcy, advancing on her two whispering brothers. "Tell me, Ben. No secrets!" "Lower your voice," chided Ben, forefinger pressed to his lips. "George is in trouble again. His bed was empty when I awoke this morning. Crept out at dawn, apparently." "Oh, no," Janie worried, "what's he done now?" "You must have heard wrong," whispered Malcolm to his brother. "George is not a horse thief." "What!" cried Janie. "George stole a horse! Says who!" "Shhhhh!" Ben whispered, "I overheard Mrs. Maguire tell Miss Baxter that George was caught taking Hera out for a jaunt." "That's not stealing," Malcolm argued, "that's borrowing." "Without permission is stealing," Ben countered. The door opened, and Miss Baxter entered the nursery. "Mr. Wickham shan't be joining us today, children. No questions, please. We are off-schedule as it is and have much to do. Now off to the schoolroom, please. I am needed elsewhere presently, and so I leave you in charge, Master Ben. Work on penmanship in the interim. Shakespeare: A Lover's Complaint. On my return shall we discuss the work." "Yes, ma'am," the three siblings chimed, and followed Miss Baxter's order out of the nursery. As they walked the hall, their whispering recommenced: "Where is George now?" Janie inquired. "With Mother and Father," said Ben. "In the study, I think." "Poor George," Malcolm lamented. "What if he's never allowed to ride again?" "Then he would learn a valuable lesson, wouldn't he," Ben coolly replied. Affronted by his brother's passivity, Malcolm labored to defend George as best he could, but to no avail as Ben listed off the many rules their cousin had either bent or broken just that month. Cornered with these evidences could Malcolm only hang his head in sympathy, reiterating that George had only borrowed Hera with no ill intention, to which Janie, in consolation, wrapped an arm around her little brother's shoulder and said, "Worry not, lamb chop. George might have earned himself a good tongue lashing, but Papa would never ban him from riding full stop. It would be too cruel. Besides, I'm sure he's learned his lesson and is sorry. You know George; he is occasionally thoughtless, sometimes naughty, but means no real harm." "No indeed," Malcolm concurred, glaring up at his brother. "Exceedingly thoughtless and oftentimes naughty," Ben modified. "But eventually must he ascend to more gentlemanly behavior if he is to take proper mastership of Longbourn." "You are repeating just what Papa says," Janie remarked. "It is the truth, no matter who said it first. A worthy heir acknowledges the supremacy of legacy over personal inclinations." Janie rolled her eyes. "There is room for both, I daresay." "George told me he should like to join the Navy," said Malcolm, "that he should rather be a sailor than confined to an old farm like cattle." Replied Ben, "Yesterday a soldier, today a sailor, tomorrow a pirate. Anything but a gentleman. Decidedly ill-bred defiance." "Some friend you are," Malcolm argued. "I am his best friend in the whole world," Ben snapped back. "And as such am I bound to honesty for his own good. It is insupportable to defend everyone as you do. To pardon ill behavior is to allow it. To allow it is to endorse it. To endorse it—" "Oh have done already," sighed Janie, exasperated with her brother's driveling. She again addressed Malcolm: "Mamma will act as George's defender, and Papa will listen. You know he refuses her nothing. And with any luck, his punishment will not be too severe. How I should hate for him to miss the party next week." "Whatever punishment is delivered," said Ben, "be assured it will be fair and reasonable. Papa would have it no other way." And on that declaration was the subject dropped as the children filed into the schoolroom to follow their morning lesson. "Are you hurt?" Darcy inquired, noting his nephew's constant flexing of his shoulders and back. "A little sore," said the boy. "Perhaps we should send for someone," observed Elizabeth with concern. "It is nothing, Aunt, really," George replied. "I am well…" (he scowled) "…and would have cleared the stump easily had Hera not failed me." "I beg your pardon," returned Darcy, his shortness of temper most evident. "Failed you? Is that what you said?" Under such scrutiny could the boy not respond with any measure of confidence, and so he fell silent as Darcy stepped towards him, arms crossed and glare menacing. "Explain to me how you were betrayed, little George. Go on." But George could not meet his eye, let alone answer as he merely shrugged in response. "Sorry, Uncle," he finally uttered. "Sorry for what, exactly? For your flagrant disobedience, or for getting caught? Never mind. I know it is the latter, just as I know you bemoan missing that blasted jump; for had you succeeded, you might well have gotten away with it. But you did not succeed, George, because you have not the skills assimilated through patience, discipline, experience and, above all, good sense, which you are sorely lacking indeed to attempt such a feat on your own!" "I had just thought—" "You thought wrong! In these material qualities you are wholly insufficient. All you have is the desire, which is not enough! It is never enough! But you ignore my counsel, defy my rules, put yourself in danger without a care for either your own neck or Hera's, for your aunt and I, nor for your mother's dying wish that you are kept safe. Chin up, George. Look at me. A gentleman does not shrink from accountability, do you understand? You will own your mistakes, and you will learn from them, yes?" "Yes, sir." "Now tell me what you did wrong. I want to hear you say it." At length the boy answered, sheepishly, "I seized up at the last moment and lost Hera's confidence." Darcy blinked and stared, frustrated that his heartfelt speech had evidently fallen on deaf ears. He cut a glance at Elizabeth, who bit her lip to stifle a laugh; for even in serious moments could she not but take delight in the absurd. "Ah, is that all?" Darcy returned, finally. "How interesting. Why just a moment ago, you attested to your mount's insufficiency. Do you now claim it was your own?" Another shrug. "I think, er…both, perhaps. That is fair, is it not?" Further annoyed, Darcy turned away, finding a nearby window. But the view served naught to soothe him as he felt an awful taste in his mouth. "This will not do, George. You cannot continue on in this manner. And in the end shall your conduct leave you very sore indeed; for I assure you that your will is nothing to mine." "Or mine," Elizabeth sternly added. "Now tell us who helped you, George." "Helped me?" "Who prepared her for you?" Darcy clarified. "Someone had to." The boy colored, shook his head, and answered innocently, "No one, Uncle." "You are lying!" Darcy looked over his shoulder to further exclaim, "I shall always know when you are lying, do you hear? Always!" "Dearest," said Elizabeth softly, calming his temper. She then asked her nephew in a gentler tone, "Are you protecting him, George? Tell us the truth." "He is not a man worth protecting, George," Darcy added, "and no friend of yours, I assure you." George's eyes darted from his aunt to his uncle. "I—I used a stool for the saddle and bridle. All by myself. I am to blame. No one else." Heaving a sigh, Darcy turned from the window, his expression a bit softer. "Do you take full responsibility?" "Yes, sir." "And will accept your punishment without contention?" "Without…contention?" "You would know the word if you took the slightest interest in your studies. It means without argument." The boy hung his head. "Yes, sir. Sorry, sir." "Oh, George," said Elizabeth, her compassion stirred. "Your uncle and I know how much you love riding. But you could have been severely injured. You could have been killed! Can you not imagine our devastation had you—" "You are forbidden to ride till further notice," Darcy bit out, his tone harsh and resolute, "and must earn your way back onto the saddle through humility and hard work. A fortnight under Hodges' authority should do it. Cleaning stalls, shoveling manure—" "Manure!" cried Elizabeth. "But, dearest—" "The lowliest work conceivable!" Darcy exclaimed. "All but feeding and grooming; for I'll have you nowhere near those horses for all the respect you have for them and for me. And as you are waist-deep in dung, George Wickham, think on my disappointment. Think on your actions. Think on the sort of man you will become should you continue along this path, and think especially on the consequences of your lies." "Lies!" cried George woundedly, and then looked to his aunt Lizzy to defend him as his late mother would have. Finding no assistance, the boy pouted, seeing no way out of repercussion, and murmuring under his breath the unfairness of it all. "What was that, George?" said Elizabeth sharply. "Nothing, Aunt." "I should hope not," Darcy cautioned. "Now go to the schoolroom, George. Bloody learn something. And do as you're told, for God's sake!" Brooking no further argument, Darcy gave the boy his back once more. With tears in his eyes, George looked to his aunt Lizzy for the smallest measure of support. Repeating the order in a gentler manner, she mouthed "I'll talk to him," and sent the boy away. Once the door was shut did she approach her husband, whose angry stare remained out the window. "May I say something, Mr. Darcy?" "So long as it is not in his defense, Mrs. Darcy." "You are that certain George was lying; that he did not act alone?" "Indeed I am. He's not the talent for deceit as—some men—but he certainly puts forth his best effort. And how it pains me when he lies." "I know, darling." She drew closer and put her arms around him. "But we will break him of it. Together. By making him see that it is not worth the effort." Darcy hugged her against him, finding comfort in their contact. "It pains him, too," he mused, "but for some reason he feels it necessary, as you said, to protect someone. It is my belief he's made an ally of one of the stable hands." His voice quieted to explain further, "As skillfully as he charmed my father did Wickham command the absolute loyalty of many a dim-witted servant. By the time of Papa's death, he had a substantial portion of Pemberley's staff in his pocket or under his thumb, one way or another." "And so you mean to have our nephew work like a pack mule alongside whomever you believe little George to have gained favor, friendship, and ostensibly treacherous devotion?" Darcy glanced at the door, mindful that George's ear may very well be pressed to the other side of it. "That boy," he whispered, "will learn to take orders as his cad of a father never could. He will honor this house and our rules that apply to all of our children. Moreover, I mean to fish out the insubordinate and have him dismissed." Darcy then shared with her this morning's conversation with Hodges, who, even as a lowly stable boy, was ever wise to Wickham's artfulness, and never fooled by his charm. "Hodges will keep an extra close watch over his team. This alliance will be severed, and George will see that he is not so clever as he thought." "Listen to yourself," Elizabeth chided, "how determined you are to think the worst of him." "I am determined to make the best of him, even if he should hate me for it. Of a truth, I might consider myself a right failure, should he love me as his father did mine." "Good heavens, William," his wife lamented, "must it be this way? George has been through so much already. Must it include such conflict with his own uncle." "That is entirely up to him, my dear." "You used to be the best of friends, do you remember? When he was just a wee thing, you would pick him up, hold him high in the air and cry, "Fly, little skylark, fly!" Darcy smiled at the memory. "'Higher still and higher," he quoted, "'from the earth thou springest—'" "'Like a cloud of fire,'" the couple finished in unison. "Ben grew out of that game quickly," Elizabeth went on, "and now more than ever keeps low to the ground, feet to the floor. I once overheard him say to George, who was positively stir crazy after three days of rain, 'Climbing trees is no great sport. Let us have a game of billiards,' as though he were done with boyhood altogether. No more nonsense. No more mischief. Whereas George, till he'd gotten too big, was still begging you to make him fly. He was happier. You were happier. How things have changed as he's grown older, especially since he's come to live with us." Darcy ceded this point, "—although I must submit another, my dear. You had only sisters and, with all respect, have less understanding of boys. And at George's age is a father's guidance more crucial than any friend ever could be." "Fair enough, but what of the garden party? Is he to be barred from that, as well? Made to sweep up the stables while all the other children play as children ought. How humiliating! Oh, this will not do, William. His cousins treat him differently as it is, and I'll not invite their cruelty by such harsh measures." Her words cut him, as any expression of her doubt shrank his confidence as none other's. "Have you no faith in me at all?" he asked passionately. "Do you really believe I would subject George to such treatment?" Her temper eased at this proclamation, and she softly replied, "Forgive me, dearest. Please believe that I am on your side. I only implore you, not as a stern disciplinarian, but as an adoring mother, to take our nephew's situation, his sensitive nature, and the potentiality of their scrutiny to heart. I speak not to cast doubt on your affection for George. I know you love him as your own." "Then trust my methods, Mrs. Darcy," he said gently, patiently, and with a swipe of his thumb smoothed over the worried crease in her brow. "As I rightly punish, so shall I reward. A week of toil, and then I'll decide. Or rather, young Mr. Wickham will decide." She nodded slightly, and Darcy leaned in to lay a kiss to his dear wife's forehead. "This is the only way, Mrs. Darcy. You will see."
Chapter 4 For the next five days, George bore his punishment as he imagined would any convict awaiting transport to Botany Bay, cleaning saddles and bridles, shoveling droppings, whitewashing stalls, and plenty more jobs in-between. Five miserable days, beginning with four hours in the schoolroom, then another three with Mr. Hodges, who surpassed even Miss Baxter in his standards, expectations, and general suspicion. In view of the acknowledged misconduct, George could understand to some degree the lack of trust, but the expression of dislike in the man's countenance, moreover the detectable sneer in his voice when he addressed him as Mr. Wickham, seemed a bit excessive, as though the name did not suit him but in the least flattering regard, like "grub" or "earwig." It called to mind how his uncle Darcy, on occasion, pronounced the epithetical little George with a similar inflection, and by now was George truly at a point where he should much prefer the descriptor be dropped entirely. He was no longer little, after all. Not quite the tallest (Ben held that distinction), but the eldest of all his first cousins; only by two months, but still the eldest! He took pride in that fact, and felt himself deserving of more respect by its virtue. 'Twas certain his mother would never have stood for her dear boy to be put to work like a common servant; and though Mr. Darcy had professed to mastering every task to which he was assigned, George reckoned few gentleman of consequence suffered such smelly, tedious, tiresome toil for a succession of days at so young an age, nor could he picture Ben Darcy demeaning himself in such a manner, no matter what rules he had broken. George's favorite sound was the ringing of the work bell, when he would then drag himself back to the house, knackered, greeted passively by whatever footman provided him entrance. Through the reception hall he'd lumber, and then up a long flight of steps to his quarters for a brief nap. At the onset of dusk he was awakened by Ben to wash up for dinner, although he was often too tired to partake in more than one or two courses (perhaps a third, if one counted dessert). In the dining hall he was affably received by his aunt, uncle and cousins, who then filled the next hour talking of pleasanter things than the drudgery of stable work while George listened and ate in silence, hoping in vain for a word of understanding or recognition. After dinner, the next hour was always spent in the music room, little Malcolm reliably the first to suggest one song or another for his brother or sister to play whilst he sang along in a flawless treble voice. For his own part, George had never taken much of an interest in music, and in truth often fought the urge to doze during these family recitals. Not that they were excruciating, but he could not help anticipating the final strains of Ben's violin or Janie's harp, thus signifying the eight o'clock hour, when the children congregated in the nursery for one last period of recreation before bed. It was at this time and on this particular week, that George could somewhat depend on a fair amount of sympathy from his cousins. Malcolm was especially quick to offer compassion when George spoke of hard-hearted Hodges, whereas Ben Darcy was more apt to scoff at his "whinging" before proposing a game of whist. George rather preferred a more active diversion like blind man's bluff to cards, and so the four of them took a vote in which the livelier game usually won, leaving Ben with a touch of annoyance to George's sense of victory; but in their subsequent enjoyment was any prior conflict forgotten by the time the two boys retired to their shared quarters, where Pemberley's heir performed his nightly routine of reading one chapter in bed before blowing out his bedside candle at almost exactly nine-thirty. He had done just that on the evening before George's last day of work, and on George's whispering of Ben's name did he then hear an audible sigh in return. "What is it?" Ben murmured, the faint glow of George's own candle barely sketching his drowsy expression. "Has Uncle said anything to you about the garden party?" Ben yawned deeply, over which he replied, "What do you mean?" "You know…" "I don't know." "About whether I may attend, as well!" "Oh, that. No, he hasn't." George blew out a sigh of disappointment. "But Papa did mention," Ben added, "that he has received favorable reports of your work." George perked up. "Did he, really? From Hodges?" "Apparently." "What else did Uncle say?" "Nothing." "Was he in good spirits? What of his tone? How did he sound?" "Like he always sounds, George." "Won't you ask him tomorrow, Ben?" George pleaded. "Please?" "Ask him yourself." "It would be better coming from you." "No better, no worse; just be clear, concise, and do not stammer or talk nonsense. Now go to bed, George. It is late." "Alright. But it really would be better—" "Goodnight, little George," remarked Ben in that superior tone George did not care for, and not one more word between them was exchanged. George lay down, burrowed beneath the covers, his feelings mixed with equal parts encouragement and vexation as he fixed his gaze to the still-burning candle at his own bedside. Just one puff of breath would shroud him in total darkness, leaving him blind as a beetle till the first light of dawn, at the mercy of every creak and squeak, of the whistling winds from outside, of the pounding rain and crackling thunder on a stormy night. For some time he pondered – earnestly, this time – the notion of extinguishing the flame, to bear out the night in total darkness. Courage rising, he raised up to do just that, quite determined to cast away the stigma of being little George Wickham still fearful of the dark, of creaks and squeaks, of conferring with his uncle on matters of import just as Ben did every afternoon after classes. Was he not closer to twelve than Ben Darcy? Was he not closer to manhood, already a gentleman of property, the true master of Longbourn while his younger cousin was still an heir? Was he not the son of an exemplary officer and courageous war hero? But what about mice? George's mind cautioned as he then lowered his head back to the pillow, fatigue inducing a deep yawn. Mice were such filthy creatures, and in pitch darkness near impossible to detect till one crawled upon one's chest or neck. The very thought was most unsettling. Reckoning he should take another day or two to think it through, George closed his eyes and fell fast asleep, allowing the candle to burn out on its own. The following afternoon, George started at the jolly sound of Sam Cullen's voice. "Oi, Georgie boy!" cried Sam as he peered into the stall to find him scrubbing away on all fours. George paused to acknowledge the smiling fellow, his good humor right stupefying given how close George had brought him to losing his situation; and so it was with apprehension he smiled back. Georgie boy, he contemplated, and then decided he liked that name much better than little George. "You're not cross with me, Sam?" "I ain't sacked, am I?" he answered furtively, looking from direction to another to ensure it was just the two of them about. In a hushed tone he added, "Gave us a good workin' over, Hodges did. But it all turned out." George whispered back, "How did you get out of trouble, Sam?" "How'd ye' think, boy? I lied! Lied me arse off!" George snickered at the profanity so profoundly disapproved of in the Darcy household. "I lied, too, Sam. I told Uncle Darcy that I acted alone after owning to the transgression." "'Owning to the transgression,'" Sam mocked. "Now don't be gettin' haughty like them gentry fellows. You're better than that, y'know." George smiled again; for he could always count on good ol' Sam to lift his spirits. His smiled faded when he thought back on being scolded. "He didn't believe me, though." "'Cause he don't trust ye', boy—not like he does his own bairn. Wager he'd believe whatever Master Ben told'im, ye' reckon?" "I don't reckon Ben would lie," George said guiltily. "Nor Janie and Malcolm, either." "But then they always toe the mark, don't they," Sam countered. "Can't be vexin' ol' Pater, now can we. Better mind ye' manners, else he might cut us off, leave us without a penny." "Not sure they think about that sort of thing, Sam. I don't think they do. I don't know." "Oh, you'll know soon enough," Sam returned with a wink. He held up a length of rope. "I'm to take Miss Janie's deer out for a walk. Come on out wit' me, boy. Get some air." "Can't do it, Sam. Hodges said he was coming back directly, and if I'm not finished…" Sam swung open the gate and entered. Grabbing a brush, the man fell to his knees and began scrubbing alongside him, well outpacing George's brush strokes with only half the effort. Within minutes the job was done. "There we are! Got some free time now, don't ye!" George thanked him profusely for the help, to which Sam replied simply that that's what friends do, merrily adding, "You 'member that, Georgie Boy." "Will do, gov," George cheerfully replied, and Sam ruffled his hair. A bit later, George and Sam were relishing their afternoon walk along the scenic countryside, the latter towing Aries with the rope secured loosely about his long neck. Attentively Sam listened to George's complaints about the week's toil with its due sympathy, and afterwards congratulated his fortitude while denouncing ol' Hodges as an iron-handed tyrant. They traded barbs at the man's expense, putting George in an even better mood, and from his pocket Sam offered him a shiny red apple, observing how he must be hungry after such a long day. George took it gladly, thanking him again, and wishing everyone could be just like good ol' Sam. As he enjoyed his snack, George cut a backwards glance at Aries. "Look at that, Sam!" He pointed to the pronged bit of bone sprouting three or four inches from the deer's scalp. "He's grown a new spike!" Sam glanced behind him. "Well, that he has, Georgie boy. Ain't a yearlin' no more, is he. Another couple o' years and he'll have himself a fine pair of antlers. Shame it won't matter, though." "What do you mean, Sam?" "Looks like your uncle's changed his mind about the free-rangin'." Though delivered casually, George was astounded by this bit of news; for his uncle had long declared Aries formed rather for nature than domestication, his ultimate intentions for the animal, despite all objection, never open to dispute. "Changed his mind? Are you sure?" Sam nodded. "Settled earlier. To appease Miss Janie, is what I heard. Quite a scene, apparently." "What happened?" "Word is that Mr. Darcy was all set to have him released into the west wood, as it's spring and all. But instead of biddin' him farewell as agreed upon, Miss Janie took to weepin' and beggin' till the master melted like beeswax. Master of Pemberley, indeed. But Princess gets what Princess wants, I suppose." "Why should she not have a say in what happens to him?" George snapped before explaining how the deer truly belonged to Janie for how well she'd looked after him these two years, how deeply she cared for him, "—from the day she saw his mother killed. She even named him! What if someone took away your favorite pet, Sam? Might put you in high dudge—might put you in a nark, it would!" "Beggin' your pardon, Mr. Wickham," Sam laughed. "Didn't know you were courtin' the lady." George flushed with embarrassment, to which Sam responded with a playful shove. "Just havin' a go, Georgie boy. I don't mean no disrespect to ye' cousin. In fact, I'm on your side. Would never be my idea to put a tame fallow out in the wild to fend for itself. Right harsh, that is." "Indeed it is!" George pointed off towards the deer's paddock. "Me and Uncle stood right over there, Sam, and I told him so. But then Uncle said it's for his own good." "For his own death, more like." Sam looked again at the docile creature at his heels. "Just imagine a tender thing like that, roamin' about, waitin' for someone to come along and put feed down, what don't know a lynx from a barn cat. Might as well open a vein and ring the dinner bell. Don't seem right if ye' ask me. And no one has, o'course." "But Uncle's had a change of heart, at least," said George, giving Aries a scratch behind the ear. "So everyone's happy now, aren't they?" "Oh, the master weren't happy about it at all, from what I heard. That his mind got changed don't mean his heart was, boy. To be honest, I don't reckon a month'll pass before the deed is done in secret; some late hour, when we's all kipped down for the night. Come mornin' the young miss hears her buck's got out on his own. Escaped! Miss Janie's gutted and so's the master. 'Damn those blunderin' fools!' he cries, fist in the air. He mourns with his poor li'l lamb, gives her a cuddle, tells her he don't know how it happened. 'There, there, me dearest girl,' he says. 'We're all in anguish, but ain't nothin' for it now. How's about a kitten?'" "Rubbish, Sam!" cried George. "I can't imagine Uncle Darcy saying or doing any of that." "Masters do as they please, mate. And the richer the master, the less blame he admits to. Now don't be givin' me that look, Georgie boy. I ain't sayin' your uncle's bad, or even wrong. His kind's just used to havin' their way, is all. And you can be sure Mr. Darcy ain't no exception." "You really don't think much of our kind. Do you, Sam?" "Your kind? Don't be foolin' ye'self, Georgie boy." "What do you mean? I am a gentleman!" "Oh, you's a gentleman, eh? Just like Mr. Darcy?" "Not like Uncle, but—but more than Ben Darcy, I am!" "And how's that?" "Ben's just an heir, and an heir is nothing till he inherits everything. Whereas I am Mr. Wickham, Esquire, master of Longbourn, a flourishing estate of three thousand a year." "Been practicin' that one, have ye'?" George colored again. "'Tis what my mother used to say. And don't you call my mother a liar!" Sam raised up his hands in submission. "Wouldn't dream of it, mate. So you're a man of property then?" "I am." "Well, ain't you the dog's bollocks! That why you been workin' the stables all week, little George?" "Don't call me that!" "Why not? That's what you are to them, ain't it? Your aunts and uncles, ye' cousins? That' how they see ye', they do. What's your measly portion to any one of them Darcy lambs? What's three thousand a year to twenty? Just who'd ye' think you are, George Wickham? You think they see you as a gentleman? You think the Earl and Countess of Matlock regard you just as they would a Darcy, or a Bingley, or all the rest of that Fitzwilliam lot? What about the Russells just up the hill? Ain't your uncle John the son of a duke?" "Younger son," George murmured. "There, ye' see? Perfect example, them Russells! Reckon ain't no lady kinder or richer than the master's own sister, but he still made sure she married above her station, didn't he. That's what they're about, Georgie boy. Ye' gotta look closer. Pay attention. Don't be mistakin' their pity for affection, their rooted manners for esteem. And don't be forgettin' your real distinction, at least to any of them, is that of bein' orphaned at the age o' ten." Feeling tears in his eyes, George glared up at Sam and proclaimed in his master's voice, "You forget yourself, sir." But this only produced the opposite of its desired effect as Sam burst into laughter. Overcome with embarrassment, George was struck with the urge to run away, but not three steps were taken before Sam halted him with a booming command. "Come on back here, lad," the man then uttered in a much gentler tone. "Come and talk to ol' Sam." George hesitantly complied, sweeping away tears as Sam bent at the knees, his grizzled features relaxed and eyes full of compassion. "I was out of order," he said tenderly. "Sometimes me tongue runs faster than me brain. Can ye forgive a stupid ol' git?" Though George still felt sore, Sam's kind eyes and sincere tone prompted an immediate nod. The man smiled again. Warmly. "You're a good man, George Wickham. Don't let nobody tell ye' different. Truth be told, you're the best thing on these grounds, the genuine article. They made ye' eat crow for takin' out that horse. They called ye' naughty, like you're a bad seed. They made ye' shovel shite, for pity's sake! And they wanted ye to squeal on ol' Sam, ye' best mate in the whole world. Stab'im right in the back. But ye didn't. Now that's a true gentleman, Georgie boy, is a man what's true to his friends, what takes a chance and welcomes a li'l danger now an' then, like real men ought. Just like ye' father did, right? You think Lieutenant Wickham always played by their rules?" (George shrugged) "Well I'd wager he played by his own, I would. And men like that gets ol' Sam's respect. You may not have theirs, but you've always got mine, Georgie boy." Sam rose back up, smiled, and bowed deeply. "At your service, Mr. George Wickham, Esquire." George smiled his appreciation, and the two of them resumed their walk, their conversation settled on horses as a pleasanter topic. They talked of warm-bloods like the Holsteiner, a handsome breed outwardly indistinguishable from the hot-bloods but inwardly possessing not their speed, agility, or pureness of lineage (Pemberley's library supplied many books on horses, and George had perused every one of them, finding the breeds fancied superior to others most enlightening). But their chat was cut short when Sam spotted a lone rider up ahead. "Keep ye' head down," he muttered. "Blueblood's comin' this way." George peered out to distinguish the obscure image gradually taking shape as the rider, clutching a colorful bouquet, advanced head-on towards them. "No worries, Sam! It's just our neighbor Sir Frederick, from the Kingston estate." "Don't I know it," Sam brusquely returned. "Fussy ol' bugger demands his horse groomed clean as a new penny at every call." "He's never been unkind to me," George argued. "And all kindness to Master Ben, I'll bet." Sam winked. "To all of us, Sam!" "Open them eyes o' yours, Georgie boy. Bare minimum is the best you're gettin' from the likes of him. Just you watch; he'll pass us right by with hardly a glance. Won't know ye' face from Adam, just that shirt and them shoes. Ye' ain't nothin' but a wee stable boy on this day, no matter what you be the next. Keep ye' head down, I said." "I beg your pardon, Sam, but you are entirely wrong. Sir Frederick should recognize me sure as he would Ben or Janie or Malcolm. Not to boast, but I have dined in his company half a dozen times or more." "That so? Then I stand corrected! Go on and bid him good day as he passes, why don't ye'?" "What—dressed like this?" "May confuse him a bit, but he won't be unkind. He knows ye', after all. Or does he?" "He does!" "Go on then." George accepted the challenge, agreeing not to mention his own name in the greeting, and once Sir Frederick came within distance gave a short bow and the friendliest of salutations. "Good afternoon, Sir Frederick!" At once the man brought his mount to an abrupt halt, steering back to glare down at them as he drew his black stallion closer to where they stood, the pretty bouquet in his grasp quite the contrast from his severe gaze. To George's companion he curtly inquired, "You in charge of this boy?" "Aye, sir," Sam answered in the meekest tone George had ever heard, eyes fixed more on the horse than the man himself. "I suggest you school him properly. Consider this a warning." "Aye, sir; won't happen again, sir," Sam submitted with even more humility. George very nearly shouted, "But it is I, Sir Frederick! George Wickham! Mr. Darcy's nephew!" But the turn of his countenance put that notion to rest as Sir Frederick whipped around and kicked his horse back into motion, heading straight for Pemberley House. George was stunned and dismayed as he watched the man ride off, soon feeling a light clap upon his shoulder. "He's right ye'know," said Sam. "You stick wit' me, Georgie boy, and you'll learn plenty."
Chapter 5 George's unofficial lesson from Sam Cullen transpired concurrently with a meeting between his formal instructor and Mrs. Darcy, who, Miss Baxter found, took a decidedly more active interest in her children's education than most mothers of similar consequence. And so the two women convened on this afternoon as others to drink tea while they spoke candidly of her pupils and their week's progress, which was overall satisfactory. Of the four of them, Miss Baxter observed, only Miss Janie had demonstrated a noted lack of attentiveness due to mounting concerns over her cherished buck, whose ultimate fate had always been matter of contention between father and daughter since the day Mr. Darcy agreed, under stated conditions, to her taking temporary ownership of the animal at the unripe age of seven, the master's loving commitment to her happiness mixed with the desire to teach her responsibility among other significant values. In hindsight, Miss Baxter regretted not expressing at the time her misgivings about the arrangement, if only to gently caution her employers of its potential miscarriage. More inclined was she to guard her tongue in those days, as an in-built doctrine ruled never to break conformity in favor of honesty, generally considered a most damning trait of any servant, even the governess. Miss Baxter now knew better, that Pemberley was a singular household and the Darcys a singular couple, but not before Miss Janie had predictably agreed to every one of her father's stipulations, all visions of the future impaired by her youth and enthusiasm. And in step with her growing fondness for the animal was the young miss made to prepare for the inevitable detachment from this inherently wild creature better suited to free-ranging within the comparative sanctuary of Pemberley Wood than contained mostly within a smallish enclosure for her accessibility and amusement. As time went on, the master held fast to the conviction that his little girl would learn to value their limited time together, and then subsequently relinquish all claim to the animal in bittersweet but willing compliance. Meanwhile, as the fawn rapidly matured in size and temperament, so had the master's sense of precaution as he took pains to ensure its future protection, having him distinctively branded and the game-keepers well notified of his unique status, that Aries belonged as much to the property as the horse the master rode upon. Of his excellent character these actions spoke volumes, and Miss Baxter, having grown very fond of the Darcy family, became gradually more confident that such love and devotion would, despite the imminent heartbreak, command her pupil's ultimate gratitude and respect. Conversely from Elizabeth's angle were such precautions ever considered by her fledgling daughter most insufficient, a mere brand she argued as no deterrent to a hungry wolf that would pounce upon her docile deer in the easiest of kills. From Janie's lips to her father's ears were a thousand "what ifs" expressed and answered to her utter dissatisfaction, a thousand attempts to reason and rationalize in her sweet but simplistic manner. And as a full year went by, and the months before another spring turned to weeks, and then days, William came to realize that he in fatherhood had become a living protagonist in a Burns poem, that the best laid schemes o' Mice an' Men often do go awry. And indeed were his best intentions undercut by virtue of his darling Janie's unwavering attachment to the animal. Regardless of his ultimate capitulation, Elizabeth would credit her husband for his strength of will leading up to the task a loving father did not look forward to, and could have easily delegated. For the purposes of consolation had she, too, been present for the woeful event, which occurred early in the afternoon, just after the children's lessons. Whilst Ben and Malcolm took to the garden maze and George to the stables, Janie followed her father out to the deer's paddock, her tears like a knife to William's heart as she wept openly, despairingly, imploring him to reconsider, to delay her pet's release for just one more year, and then she promised to accept it without a word. Even as Elizabeth held the girl, stroking her crown of dark curls as William calmly explained (for the umpteenth time) the cruciality of this event, and the selfishness of her proprietorship over such an animal, it was a certainty in Elizabeth's mind that her husband could not withstand the effect his Janie had on him in such matters. Despite the sincerity behind his words, moreover the principles to which he so fervently ascribed and yearned to bestow upon her, in his tone and expression was the prospective buckling of usually steadfast resolve. At length he stopped talking, and so did Janie, her crying condensed to a series of muffled sniffs against her mother's sleeve. Love mingled with pain as William reached out and brushed the back of his hand over her hair, imploring once more that she trust his judgment. When she then quieted completely, and it seemed she might concede to her father's will, Janie turned to him, face wet and flushed, and declared honestly that she would try, but that her acceptance of his decision made it no kinder, more justified, or more forgivable. "And on that declaration the last thread gave way," said Elizabeth to Miss Baxter in her weary recounting of the event; for the governess knew as intimately Janie's immovable stance on things she placed at the highest level of importance. "Poor Mr. Darcy," said Miss Baxter, "to be at the mercy of a child one loves so well as he." Miss Baxter's license to speak just as she found was an altogether strange and unique benefit afforded to her, but one that Elizabeth had insisted upon right from the start. Though respect was an absolute given, it was her own personal philosophy, that to be placated and pandered to served neither of them, and certainly not the children to any meaningful degree. Most hesitant at first, Miss Baxter had lately complimented her sensibility and lack of vanity as a most refreshing change of pace, although it took more than a year to adapt to it. Said Elizabeth, "I find we are both guilty in that regard, Miss Baxter; for I too had not the will to check Janie's obstinacy as I should have. Not only did I feel her pain as acutely, but in the moment was reminded of my late beloved father, who had always cheered my inclination to put up a good fight, especially to my mother, who very often was unreasonable." "But do you really find the master's view to be unreasonable, ma'am?" "Of a truth, I am not wholly committed to one side or the other with regards to the matter itself. But that is a paltry excuse for my ineptitude; for I know my husband to be an excellent man. Moreover, he is her father, well-meaning and worldly, and by all decree—biblical and otherwise—should therefore be honored." Lacking perfect confidence in her own words, Elizabeth looked to Miss Baxter for a counter-argument, and after thoughtful contemplation the woman replied: "Our Christian values so often conflict with our emotions, which tend to supersede biblical edicts. Such flaws are precisely why we are in need of God's forgiveness. But loving parents, I have found, generally know what is best for their children; and parents so uniformly involved in their upbringing as you and the master may generally count on complete success, despite the occasional…unpleasantness. There is room for indulgence, ma'am, so long as it is not mistaken for entitlement, the latter of which I have found most detrimental to a child's development." Elizabeth nodded in accord. "Janie has not a demanding nature, but a very spirited one. It is a trait her father adores in her, except of course when he is the unfortunate victim of it." She heaved a sigh of resignation. "Well, it is done now, Miss Baxter. Mr. Darcy has made his promise, and in a year hence shall we come to this juncture once more. Here is hoping our daughter will see things differently in such time, and that we have the better sense not to be bothered." Elizabeth raised her tea cup, and then drank to this wish before the subject was changed to that of her nephew, which thankfully ensued a more uplifting exchange. Generally conservative with her praise, Miss Baxter gave a liberal amount to the good efforts in both studies and behavior George had exhibited throughout the week, his eagerness to never again serve such a penance proving a strong incentive. Elizabeth could not have been more pleased to hear of his improvement as the two ladies chatted for the better part of an hour, each in full agreement that the disciplinary measures appeared to have served their purpose to the best of outcomes. Elizabeth looked forward to sharing such praise with her husband, and thus settling the question of whether George, congruent with Hodges's compliments, had well earned the privilege of attending tomorrow's party with all the rest of his cousins. On that head was their tea interrupted when an announcement was made of an unforeseen caller, namely Sir Frederick Blackwell, respectfully requesting a brief audience with Mr. and Mrs. Darcy. Elizabeth was shocked to be included in this request, considering her rather unfavorable history with the gentleman, their common disapproval and lack of common understanding sturdily rooted over the course of her marriage. As they mixed in the same circles, in their innumerous visits to various social gatherings had they sought to avoid, managed to endure, but hardly took pleasure in one another's company. And now, after twelve years of strained civility and stilted conversation, was he openly declaring a wish to speak with her; for even in the weeks leading up to the party had he made nary an effort to pay respects to the woman who had arranged it all, and whose influence he felt so very crucial to his own marriage. Thus her interest was piqued as she excused Miss Baxter to receive him. Frederick entered the room slowly, eyes catching hers in a look of marked unease. He held almost protectively to his breast a mixed bouquet of blossoms and buds interspersed with colored branches, the pretty arrangement secured with a shimmering white ribbon. He smiled, then greeted her with deep reverence, declaring it a pleasure to see her and speak with her on this fine day. Masking her astonishment, Elizabeth returned his regards with equal courtesy (and no doubt equal inelegance) as William mercifully appeared as summoned, eyebrows raised in surprise when Frederick extended the bouquet to Elizabeth as a gift from his wife. "Freshly cut from our gardens," said he, noting the sprigs of lavender Priscilla had thought perfectly suited to the lady. Elizabeth thanked the gentleman sincerely, still reeling from the shock of this uncharacteristically selfless gesture. "And I should dearly love to thank Priscilla, as well," she said as the bouquet was passed to a footman for its immediate conveyance to a proper vase. "And so you shall this very evening," Frederick replied, "should you and Mr. Darcy do us the great honor of your presence at Kingston for dinner." The couple started. "Tonight?" said Darcy, and trading glances with Elizabeth confirmed their likeness in thought; for the notice was indisputably (one might say indecorously) ill-timed. There was still so much to do before the party, so many loose ends to tie up, that the request seemed almost impossible to accept. No sooner did the couple begin stammering in their search for the politest way to decline, that Sir Frederick declared their visit this evening a particular wish of Lady Blackwell, just arrived from Melbourne mere hours ago. "My wife has especially missed your company, Mrs. Darcy, and before the party should like to extend her warmest regards to you personally." Replied Elizabeth, "I am indeed flattered, Sir Frederick. But for my own curiosity, sir, I must inquire why Priscilla did not accompany you to extend said regards." The man hesitated, as if he had momentarily forgotten her tendency to analyze a request before accepting or refusing it, before answering confidently, "My wife is quite weary of travel, ma'am, however no less eager to entertain you at our home, before we are to be entertained at yours. And for lack of correspondence between the two of you throughout this—rather taxing period—my wife finds herself most anxious to rekindle your friendship as soon as possible." "Rekindle?" Elizabeth smiled. "Why I was not aware our friendship was extinguished," declared she with her usual lightheartedness to which the gentleman was usually less than responsive. "No indeed," Frederick returned, embarrassment coupled with mild exasperation. In the strangest manner he began again, searching for a new line of reasoning as he once more beseeched the couple's presence at Kingston at their earliest convenience, his address so desperate that William was finally moved to exclaim: "Good God! Frederick, what on earth are you about?" On Darcy's demand Frederick dropped the ruse, and after a pained breath spoke in a still modest, but more natural inflection. "Pray forgive my coming here under a false pretense, but I am rather new to the circumstances in which I have found myself, and knew not a better method of winning some bit of your esteem, Mrs. Darcy, before coming right out with the mortifying truth." After another exhale, Frederick powered through his discomfort to say further, "There is a situation at Kingston that requires an immediate resolution, and my fruitless efforts have impelled me now to entice…to ask humbly for your assistance, despite all you have contributed already, and for which I am entirely grateful…" Frederick faltered, avoiding their eyes, to which Darcy replied, with the utmost concern, "You need not wrap any request in a handsome package, ol' friend." "Indeed not, Sir Frederick," concurred Elizabeth. "Tell us what has happened, and we shall do our best to help." Ben Darcy had not been in conference with his father a full hour when it was disrupted with the announcement of an unexpected caller seeking the master's immediate presence. On hearing that the visitor was Sir Frederick Blackwell, Ben noted his father's subtle change in temperament, from weariness to intrigue, and felt a shade of disappointment when his request to accompany him was kindly refused. However, on the premature adjournment of their routine consultation (with Accounts and Finance as this week's subject), and on being granted the remainder of the afternoon to himself, Ben had but a single purpose in mind as he hurried out to the garden maze, where he had left Janie and Malcolm just after her elated announcement of their father's decision to delay her fallow's emancipation for another year. "Janie!" Ben called out as he entered the maze, peering in all directions and hearing her giggles interspersed with Malcolm's. "Where are you?" "Nowhere!" Malcolm called back from some distance away. "Somewhere! Everywhere!" "Find us if you can!" sang Janie from a closer, yet still hidden location. Whilst he searched for her, she teased, "How was your meeting today, Master Bennet? Pray tell us all about the accounts! We cannot wait to here!" Ben followed Janie's voice down a winding path. "I am in no mood to play! Come out this instant!" "What's wrong, Brother?" said Malcolm on his sudden appearance from an adjoining hedge row. "Now, Janie!" Ben shouted with feeling, finally drawing his sister out of her hiding place. "What is it, what's happened?" she asked fretfully as Ben stepped towards her. Halting a foot from where she stood, he held his composure, heeding his father's words to him in the study: Blame not your sister, Son; for this whole thing has been one massive mistake of judgment entirely on my part, and then he said to her:"So Papa changed his mind about your precious Aries, did he?" Confused by his angry tone, Janie answered in the affirmative, adding, "Ask him yourself if you don't believe me." "I did ask!" Ben snapped. "And you are a liar. He did not change his mind," then pointing a finger, "You wore him down!" "Papa said that?" said Malcolm doubtfully. "Might as well have," Ben returned, eyes fixed on his frowning sister. "Say what really happened," he demanded, "that you sobbed and whinged and moaned till you got your way, didn't you?" He repeated forcefully, "Didn't you!" "Mind your own business!" Janie shouted, and with that cry stuck out her tongue and then darted off down an empty path. "Coward!" cried Ben, strolling along his own path as he sang loudly, "Princess Janie cries and pouts! Cross her, watch her scream and shout!" Over his singing, Janie was arguing spiritedly, declaring that he cared not a whit for Aries and so naturally was indifferent to his fate. And the louder she argued, the louder Ben sang as Malcolm scurried alongside him, urging them to desist or they would all be in trouble. Ere long, all three voices at once were chiming deep within the labyrinth, each drowning out the other as Ben's rose even higher: "Princess Janie weeps and moans! Cross her, watch her wail and groan!" And so it continued until a startling fourth voice suddenly rang out, "Shut your stupid mouth, Ben!" instantly silencing the Darcy siblings. Alarmed, Ben whipped around to see George advancing with purpose, his expression fierce and pace swift. "George," he acknowledged, "What are you—" A hard shove to Ben's chest stole his words and jolted him backwards, instantly igniting his instinct to retaliate with equal ferocity. Their skirmish was lively but brief as each refrained from throwing a punch, their shoving and blocking proving tiresome after a few short moments. But with their separation came no shrinking of animosity as the cousins glared at one another, catching their breath as they stood at arm's length. "Just leave it, Ben," demanded George in a threatening tone. Ben blinked and stared, as puzzled by the challenge as he was enraged. "You leave it! This is of no concern to you!" "Nor to you," George countered, "so kindly shut your gob." "My gob?" Ben scoffed. "What's that tongue you've adopted? That of a street urchin?" George mumbled something under his breath. "What was that?" Ben dared him. "I said you're a snobbish twit!" George snapped. "And you're an officious little toad!—meddling in what you know nothing about!" "I do know!—just as I know the matter's been settled, and between no one but Janie and Uncle Darcy. Go and tend your own garden, Master Ben, and leave Janie to hers." "You impertinent dog—who do you think you are?" Ben exclaimed, his temper irretrievably lost. "This is a family matter and—last I checked—you are not a Darcy." "I don't give a damn." Malcolm gasped. "Language, George," he softly chided, his added plea that they each stand down and shake hands falling on deaf ears. With but a moment to consider his next move, Ben sneered at George with disgust and muttered, "You sound commoner than you smell, stable boy." George's eyes narrowed and fists clenched. "Says the prig with nothing better to do than taunt little girls." "What's a prig?" asked Malcolm. At last Janie appeared, saying gently to George, "I'm not that little," then angrily to Ben, "And you're not Papa!" "Go to the nursery, Janie," Ben ordered. "I will not!" "At once!" "No!" "Let her alone, I said," George cautioned once more, to which Ben retorted spitefully: "Or what, little George?" Despite the sudden onslaught of crises within a short span of time, it was no small relief to Mr. and Mrs. Darcy that their troubled neighbor, whose urgent dinner invitation was newly accepted, had just taken leave of the premises when Janie and Malcolm came sprinting into the drawing-room. To their parents the frantic pair then proceeded to deliver alternating, inarticulate reports of Ben and George coming to blows in the garden maze after a heated quarrel, their brawl ended only with Miss Baxter's arrival and immediate intervention. The couple, as they listened, stood in mute astonishment, each privately hoping their children were weaving a tale made largely of hyperbole. However, their highest expectations were instantly dashed when the governess marched in moments later, dragging along her two discolored, disheveled pupils by their shirt collars. Some time later stood two highly disconcerted parents before a large sofa, upon which sat George and Ben at opposite ends, the latter applying a chilled slab of meat to his blackened right eye while the former held a handkerchief to his bloodied nose. Both were somber, shame-faced, and neither seemed inclined to speak a word of what had transpired. Not that it was necessary, as Miss Baxter had dutifully given her own account of what was seen, with her two eyewitnesses providing their personal (yet uneven) assignments of fault. Elizabeth, staring the boys down with arms crossed, was still as a statue, her temper observed as decidedly ill; hence, as the calmer of the two took Darcy the liberty of speaking first. "And so we have the first," he began solemnly, "though probably not to be the last of your physical altercations. Perhaps the deeper rationale beneath your perceivably petty dispute might be found by means of a long line of questioning, were it to serve any fruitful purpose to examine the collective thought process of two sophomoric, beef-witted juveniles; for I, too, was a youth at one time, after all. But be assured that, in terms of violence, the proverbial 'Boys will be boys' applies not to this household, and that such intemperate, ungentlemanly conduct shall not be tolerated." Feeling the slow decline of his equanimity, Darcy took a breath to check the severity of his tone before continuing with a cooler head and gentler voice: "Based on what we have managed to piece together, we think it fair to cast upon you an equal share of culpability to be thus considered in the administration of your punishment. Had either of us been present to personally witness the occurrence might we very well have found your guilt disproportionate, but at our disadvantage must we rely heavily upon intuition. I will speak not for Mrs. Darcy, but for my own part find this all to be…" (another pause to collect himself) "…very disheartening. So dearly had I hoped this day would never come, and from your infancy till now have I taken such pains to prevent it. But 'the best laid plans,' I suppose…" Trailing off, he cut a glance Elizabeth, who now looked similarly aggrieved. "We shall work harder," he then vowed with confidence, "and, despite this ugly incident, remain determined, Mrs. Darcy and I, to see your friendship endure. Don't we, my dear?" He reached out to her, and then taking his hand in solidarity said she, returning his smile, "Always, Mr. Darcy." Darcy took a moment to admire his wife's lovely expression before turning his attention to Ben, whose blush was deep and one good eye red with unshed tears. "Have you anything to say, Son?" Swallowing hard, the boy looked at his cousin and muttered, "Sorry, George. I take back what I said about…everything. Hope you can forgive me, Cousin." There was a moment's silence before Ben's apology was returned with a whispered, "Alright then. Sorry about your eye." Ben smirked. "Sorry about your nose. Didn't break it, did I?" "No. Didn't blind you, did I?" "No!" The boys began sniggering, and then, to the couple's encouragement, shook hands of their own accord. Then said Elizabeth, her mood vastly improved, "Do not presume, my dear boys, that this mutual concession marks the happy avoidance of repercussion." "No indeed," Darcy concurred. "There is still much to consider before tomorrow's party. Mrs. Darcy and I intend to think this over very carefully, and in the morning shall deliver a final ruling." He then explained without detail their immediate dinner engagement at Kingston, and that the two of them were to take supper (and the few remaining hours of the day) within the confines of their quarters, "—with meager rations and the hopes that you will use that time to settle your differences as true gentlemen." "One more infantile occurrence like this," warned Elizabeth, "and you will find yourselves back in the nursery swiftly and permanently. Understand?" "Yes, ma'am," the boys returned, each delivering the sincere promise to never let it happen again.
Author's note: I've re-edited chapter three to include more exposition, specifically how little George came to inherit Longbourn. You will find it in the fourth paragraph down. Chapter 6 The Darcys had managed – with the aid of a devoted and dutiful staff – to settle the remaining details of tomorrow's event just in time to prepare for their dinner engagement. En route to Kingston the busy couple were still mulling over the most recent set of quandaries laid so abruptly at their charge, the thorniest of all linked to the domestic dilemmas of one Sir Frederick Blackwell. It had been rather assumed than settled, that the Darcys' involvement would extend no further than the garden party, after which life was meant to return to normal, with a marriage mended and felicity restored. But fate, it would seem, saw things differently, as a once lukewarm fellowship between neighbors was fast becoming a thoroughly exploited alliance, with the couple ostensibly serving as the sole fibers binding together this once illustrious family. Not that Society had an inkling of what the Darcys knew. By their circles was Frederick Blackwell still considered a model of excellence, a perception maintained through generations of practice; and even his two pillars would concur that the entire Blackwell package, with its elegant trimmings and striking veneer, was a lovely one indeed, so long as it remained unopened. Since the revelation of his wife's infidelity had it been ascertained, that Frederick held with very few a close personal bond, a fact to which he was loath to admit, but nor could he deny. This deficiency coincided with the apparent deterioration of his family, given his absence of offspring, an ailing patriarch, a mother dead, and a younger sister now married and settled abroad. The Darcys reckoned Frederick's political history might have also played a part in his appeals to their generosity; for in trustworthiness somehow fell all other connections short. And so the couple inadvertently found themselves bound to the gentleman now applying for more assistance, though their significance with regards to this all-new debacle remained unclear. According to Frederick, who was as ill-disposed to embellishment as he was to indignity, the whole awful scene began almost the moment his wife returned to him after a five-week departure. Priscilla's arrival, claimed he, could not have been planned more efficiently. In adherence to Darcy's counsel had he gone to excessive lengths to ensure her absolute comfort and contentment, demanding the kitchen be amply stocked with her favorite foods and the whole manor adorned with her favorite blooms. By their scores of servants was she to be treated no less than royalty, and to that end was it made plain that no order was too unreasonable (not that his sweetheart suffered a fastidious nature). At the sight of her coach making its way up the drive (with the upper servants in line to greet her), Frederick saw fit to congratulate himself already on a job well done, his nerves calm and prepared speech on the tip of his tongue as he assisted her from the carriage. "She looked so lovely, but so worried, the poor thing," he had told the Darcys, "and as keenly as I felt the lingering soreness of her betrayal was I determined to suppress it, to not bungle everything with a careless remark. My apparent good humor put her at ease, thank God, and as we entered the home I was further pleased to find in her countenance no sign of her father's influence, and every indication that she had returned not merely for the party, but indefinitely. It was a marvelous feeling—but Oh! how fleeting it was before all hell broke loose!" The Darcys' chaise drove up to the front steps of Kingston Manor, where their host was awaiting them in a scarcely concealed state of agitation. Sparing not a moment, Frederick supplied upon their exit a more detailed version of the ugly incident which culminated in his young wife bursting into tears, and then racing up the stairs to her quarters, locking the door, and refusing to come out. "Why Father chose to break routine on this of all days is inexplicable," Frederick lamented. "Weather permitting, the spring months generally find him content to spend all hours at his balcony, which affords an optimal view of the park and well beyond. On any given day might a number of callers be expected to arrive at our doorstep, all of whom go utterly ignored until this day—this day! whenProvidence suddenly saw fit to mock me and attack my father with an irrepressible madness and rage! We had just taken breakfast, he and I, with no detectable change in mood when I then left him alone to receive Priscilla (he will not have a nurse in his room). Of a truth, Father's health within the course of her absence had shown considerable improvement, with a decided decrease in the usual symptoms. Only the odd occasion of erratic behavior, and not a single tirade. Apart from the usual bouts of senility, he seemed almost wholly in his right mind, and with that encouragement fell my guard. Am I to blame for this, Darcy, do you think? I ask you, how was I to know this would happen?" His questions went ignored as Darcy said, "You prepared him well in advance for your wife's return, I presume." "Of course, of course," Frederick confirmed, "and to this very day had he no other response than utter delight! Father has always thought the world of Priscilla, and she of him. Never a bad word between them, Darcy. Not one!" "And never a cause, I would deduce, for him to feel towards her a high degree of hostility. Until recently," Darcy added pointedly. Frederick yielded to the implicit accusation, saying guiltily, "I had thought—or rather, hoped that he had forgotten." "There should not have been a confession for him to forget," Darcy argued furiously. "It is bad enough that we know, Frederick, but to burden an already stricken old man with this knowledge is beyond irresponsible!" Frederick countered firmly, "It was an act of impulse, Darcy. Priscilla had just left me, and I was highly discomposed. What man would not have been?" Darcy sneered at this answer, to which Frederick then sought Elizabeth's sympathy with the following: "Surely you as a woman understand, Mrs. Darcy, the supremacy of feelings over rationality in moments of severe emotional distress." "About as well as I understand, as a woman, the disinclination to forgive the sort of cruelty that shook your wife into her current state." His countenance hardened at this assertion, moreover at her nerve to express it. Frederick bit back a rejoinder, swallowed his pride, and pressed forward as the couple's escort through the reception hall, and then to the foot of the manor's grand staircase. "I was able to subdue him before the attack turned physical," said he, "but not before my wife endured an expletive-laden round of disparagements to her character and virtue. I beg you judge me not too harshly; for my grief over this is immeasurable. Weeks of preparation wasted! All my efforts dashed to bits in one fell swoop! I have tried, but there is just no defending what he did, the things he said…" "But its attribution," said Elizabeth, "may be easily and delicately explained." "Not so easily," claimed Frederick, "given the similar conduct I displayed during our last quarrel. Now it is as if nothing at all has changed since the day she left me. Only by pure luck did she not make an immediate escape to the carriage and demand to be taken right back to Melbourne." His weary eyes met Elizabeth's. "She wept all morning, and my every attempt at consolation been rebuffed. I have respected her desire for privacy, but am growing rather…anxious. Only my offer to bring you here has elicited from her a favorable response and some hope for appeasement. Apparently your voice and presence delivers far more comfort than my own. Please, Mrs. Darcy, won't you tell her how sorry I am, even though I have done so a thousand time over." "I see no point in echoing your apology," said Elizabeth, "but shall gladly endeavor to speak to her, Sir Frederick. Not that it will do much good, as nothing I say would provide a solution to the problem of your father's…condition." "Which is perfectly stable now, Mrs. Darcy, I assure you." "I am not the one to convince, sir." "But that is why I need you, madam. To convince her. To coax her out of her room." He checked his pocket watch. "Ideally in the next half-hour, as dinner shall be announced promptly at seven." His voice lowered to almost a whisper. "Do indulge her in whatever topic she prefers, Mrs. Darcy; however, I must caution you: your official understanding of this incident and all details therein is ambiguous at best." "I see," replied Elizabeth. "And of the—incident—that preceded this one?" "Even more ambiguous." She raised an eyebrow. "Officially, sir?" "Officially, ma'am! As far as Society is concerned, a sudden illness in the family is what called Priscilla to Melbourne, and for my father's own health was I obliged to stay behind. For the good of everyone must this narrative be upheld. Apart from that, the conversation's course is left to your discretion and your" (he waved a hand dismissively) "highly accredited wisdom; though I've a few suggestions in mind, should you be in need of them." Elizabeth, trying not to show offense, replied stiffly, "I believe I can manage, sir." "Excellent! I've the utmost confidence in you, madam. And Darcy, as for your part—" "Frederick," Darcy curtly interrupted, "you stand to neglect a far greater priority than appeasing your wife or keeping gossip at bay, namely your father's dire need for expert medical attention. By and by, he must be removed to another location, away from Priscilla, away from anyone who might be horribly affronted or even harmed—" "Is that Darcy I hear?" a distant voice rang out. Everyone turned to see the elder Blackwell himself enter the hall, just as cheerful as a lark. "Why George Darcy, you ol' devil! It's been ages! How are you, man?" With hand extended Blackwell grabbed hold of Darcy's and shook vigorously. "Just where in blazes have you been? Why have you and Anne not come round for tea?" Darcy tentatively opened his mouth to correct the man, but Frederick instantly foiled the attempt, saying gently, "Papa, you remember Fitzwilliam Darcy and his wife, Elizabeth?" A flicker of recognition spurred the swift amendment of Blackwell's original greeting as he then exclaimed, "Of course—William! Looking more like your father every day, what? Tell me, what has ol' George been up to?" With a fleeting glance at Frederick, Darcy answered courteously, "Resting, your Lordship, for the most part." Blackwell nodded, then shifted his attention to Elizabeth, declaring how wonderful it was to see her again as he laid a kiss to her hand. "You are both staying for dinner, I hope. Indeed I insist! Frederick, have Priscilla fetched at once, and Clara, and your mother. Tell them the Darcys have arrived. Fitzwilliam, I would have you join me in a quick game of billiards while the women talk of whatever women talk of." He then excused himself and, shuffling towards the next room, repeated the order to have Frederick's wife, sister and mother come down. "Hurry now, my boy. There's a good lad." "Priscilla? Dearest, can you hear me? It is Elizabeth Darcy. Won't you come out?" After a few seconds' wait came a muffled reply. "Mrs. Darcy?" "Now, now, Priscilla, I must insist on the suspension of ceremony if I am to address a door all evening. Call me Lizzy, won't you? Or perhaps we could meet face to face, my dear, whereupon you may call me whatever name you fancy most." Elizabeth brought her ear closer to the door, hearing what sounded like either a whimper or a laugh, and then a second later startled at the subsequent unlatching and opening of the door. A rose-tinted Priscilla Blackwell emerged, her celebrated beauty marred only slightly by the prolonged stint of grief. Despite her flushed appearance, at the sight of Elizabeth her mouth extended into the broadest of smiles. "Oh, Lizzy!" she cried, throwing her arms around her. "I am so happy you've come! Please forgive the short notice—but how I've missed you!" As the women embraced, Elizabeth asked, "How was Newton Park, dearest? Your family is in good health, I hope." Pulling away, Priscilla answered in the affirmative, her expression wilted. Nervously she peered up and down the vast, empty hall. "Is he about?" "Who—your husband?" "My father-in-law. You do know he accosted me in the most frightening manner—" "I know, dearest." Elizabeth then explained that she need not worry, that William and Sir Frederick were at present occupying his Lordship's attention in the Billiard Room. "He appears quite tranquil now, and in very good spirits. It think he has forgotten all about…what happened." "For now," she timidly replied, "but I dare not show myself lest he becomes enflamed again. He used to be the kindest, dearest man, Lizzy—but now looks at me and talks to me as if I am despised." Elizabeth shook her head. "It is purely his illness which provokes him—certainly not you. But I would not have you suffer again such an attack, nor would your husband. Priscilla, you really must speak to him about this." "Indeed I must. But I've not a way with words as you do, Lizzy. I do not command Frederick's attention so well as you command Mr. Darcy's. Oh, he hears me well enough, but…tell me, how does a wife compel a husband to really listen?" "Well, by not hiding in one's room, for starters. Now is the time to be assertive—to tell Sir Frederick precisely how you feel and what you want. Uncomfortable as it may be, a married couple is obliged to work through their difficulties—" Elizabeth gestured towards the bouquet set upon the nearby console "—not shroud them in subterfuge." "But they are the most beautiful flowers, are they not?" Priscilla crossed over to admire the arrangement. "He went to such trouble; he always does." She then turned to face Elizabeth, her expression more earnest. "But I still remember your words, Lizzy—that marriage is designed rather for the bad times than the good. May I confide in you? Secretly?" "Of course you may." "Things are not well between us at present. These are…bad times, I fear." "Then you will sort them out, and stop cowering. A couple's resilience is reliant upon what they face together." "Oh, but Frederick shares not your philosophy, Lizzy. He comprehends not the value or rewards in marital equality. He feels that a wife's devotion should be unconditional, and that his providing of wealth, comfort and security merits only the highest praise and gratitude. He thinks his manners practically perfect, takes my every hint at improvement as a criticism, and claims no responsibility for…for any unhappiness I might feel." She lowered her eyes. "Not that I am perfect, or have suffered no fits of folly myself, but…but if he would just listen…" She fell silent, and Elizabeth gently subjoined, "Well, he does seem willing to listen now, don't you think?" "I suppose so. But of late we have borne such anger and resentment over…this and that. I know not where to go from here, and my nerves…" "Take it one day at a time, darling. Only when anger becomes indifference is hope dead in the water. We know he missed you a good deal. Did you miss him?" She smiled wanly. "Strangely enough, I did. Moreover, when I got to Melbourne found that I had not missed Newton Park in the slightest. It is hard to explain, but Frederick is so…different." "I could not agree more," Elizabeth drawled. "In a good way!" Priscilla laughed. "I dare say he is most agreeably dissimilar to my father, who is both humorless and overbearing. I know you find him pompous, Lizzy, but I have always been drawn to Frederick's confidence and swagger. Indeed I find it very attractive! Is that wrong?" "It is not wrong, but neither is attraction the most formidable foundation to build upon." "Ah, indeed. And what a labored construction is marriage! We separated not on good terms, Frederick and I; but, in Melbourne, how I longed for him to come for me as a princess awaiting her prince, to see him best my father in a battle of wits just as when he won my hand, and then to have him sweep me up and carry me off back to Kingston. But what a silly, girlish notion! I am a wife, for heaven's sake!" "Aye, but a young one," remarked Elizabeth, "who, to her credit and singularity, appears to genuinely care for the man she married." "I do love him, Lizzy. At least I think I do. Newton Park was such a bore without Frederick, and I am truly happy to be home, but…there are details, you see, apart from all I've said, apart my father-in-law's ailment, that I dare not speak of." "And I dare not ask. But, I dare say you must manage these complications in a more peaceful environment. You are Kingston's mistress, the true Lady Blackwell, and as such are entitled to feel safe in your own home." "But this was his Lordship's home long before I came along," Priscilla argued. "That poor man! How can I possibly demand he be sent away?" Before Elizabeth could answer, their attention was drawn to the sound of Sir Frederick's voice from the far end of the hall. "Priscilla, darling," said he, "Father has something he wishes to say to you." The two women observed as the elder Blackwell, under the watchful eye of their respective husbands, tentatively approached. Seeming to take no notice of Elizabeth's presence, the old man reached out to Priscilla, and looked grateful when she allowed him to take her hand. He said roughly: "I owe you an apology, my dear girl. Frederick and Darcy have aided in rousing a most appalling memory, a viciousness of which I never knew myself capable. Of my actual words, I have not but the dimmest recollection, but—oh! you poor thing—how injured you must be! It was unpardonable, and though whatever was said cannot be unsaid, might I hope to one day have your forgiveness?" He was patting Priscilla's hand tenderly, his head lowered as he made his speech. Given such sincerity and remorse could the lady do not but forgive him on the spot, her own eyes welling with tears as she gave a meek nod and lay a kiss to her father-in-law's cheek. Frederick beheld the scene with visible optimism; and in expression, when he was at last able to take his lovely bride into his arms, conveyed much appreciation to the couple who had helped to bring a measure of calm to his tempestuous household. By the eleven o'clock hour the Darcys were exhausted, and on the way home from Kingston found themselves barely able to stay awake. Nestled against one another for warmth, the couple spoke drowsily over the rattling of the carriage, further examining their respective roles with regards to the Blackwells, and the sort of roles they should be willing to play in the future. This led to a most agreeable conception of an extended holiday abroad, to commence very soon after the garden party. For the children, of course. Luckily, both the dinner and evening as a whole went off without incident. While Elizabeth acted as a buffer between Frederick and Priscilla, lessening the tension between them as she steered every conversation in its pleasantest direction, Darcy played his part in keeping his Lordship occupied with reminiscence of happier times. Blackwell continued to speak fondly of Darcy's late parents, and of his and Frederick's early youth spent in perpetual competition with one another. The latter, to wearying effect, played never for fun but only to win, and not always in conformity with gentlemanly sportsmanship. But this character trait had proven in general quite an asset, serving well Frederick's political ambitions at a relatively young age, from the earning of a knighthood to a brief stint in Parliament. His liabilities, however, remained just as plentiful, especially on the personal side of things. Among them was a galling aversion to unsolicited advice, as when Darcy had once more suggested his father's illness be managed afar and in a more professional capacity, thus provoking a terse look and even brusquer response. "I shall tend to that business," the man had said, leaving the impression that the subject was closed to further discussion. This reply, while submitted to without argument, would be undoubtedly remembered upon Frederick's next bid for reinforcement. The evening had brought to mind Darcy's own family concerns, as well, the elder Blackwell's emphasis on nostalgia turning his thoughts frequently to George Wickham, the man he became, and the boy he used to be. Despite its ultimate corruption, fond memories of their shared youth still lingered, the days when Wickham was more friend than foe, the days that little George and Ben Darcy were now living through. Their situation demanded reassessment, and a hearkening back to a bygone era, before a dark cloud fell upon Pemberley with the death of Lady Anne, before the passing of Wickham's father, before amity turned to envy, before friendship turned to hatred. Exactly how this transition occurred was still unclear, at least to Darcy. He only knew that it began at around the same age, between eleven and twelve, when the sort of resentment reserved for mortal enemies slowly manifested, ultimately spiraling into a series of conscious efforts to rain damage upon not only Darcy himself, but the people he loved most. He rejected the thought persistently, but was plagued by it nonetheless, that Ben and George might be doomed to the very same outcome, as if their destinies were preordained by some theological, unalterable prophecy. This notion was raised to Elizabeth, who shook her head in dissent. "Our George is nothing like him," she murmured sleepily. "Though a bit unruly, he is good at heart. He stood up for our daughter, and at the risk of even harsher discipline. Would a young Wickham have done so?" Darcy had no reply, and as their carriage reached the drive to Pemberley House was still unsure of the answer. Nodding off, he rested his cheek upon his wife's head. Neither had realized the carriage had rolled to a stop until the door was opened and the voice of Mr. Hodges was heard applying for the master's attention. "We are very tired, Hodges," said Darcy, helping Elizabeth from the transport. "Can this not wait till morning?" "If you wish, sir," answered he, "but I feared tomorrow's event might prevent me from speaking with you soon as necessary." Through the haze of fatigue was disturbance read in his man's aspect, but before Darcy could grant or reject the appeal felt the touch of his wife's lips to his cheek when she then whispered, "Do not be too long. We've a long day tomorrow," and then proceeded up the manor's front portico, whereupon the master yielded and Hodges began: "It's about your nephew, sir. We've found the young man's accomplice, and beyond a shred of doubt. His name is Sam Cullen, whose immediate discharge I heartily recommend."
At the end of Hodges's report, Darcy could not but feel himself fully accountable for the mistakes in judgement which led to the blurring of lines between classes, and the corruption ensued as a result. There was no excuse to be made; for he had been instilled from the earliest age (and so, too, had his children) with an ancient and generally well-adhered doctrine; that all in residence were of an established rank strictly bound to a particular code of conduct, and that the breaching of this code marked a serious disruption to the status quo. Though familiarity and formality varied with each rung of servitude, never was there a question that the preserving of hierarchy was essential to the running of an estate of Pemberley's magnitude. The doctrine had indeed been sullied, and consciously so. And Darcy owned to his failing while admitting its explanation, that he and Elizabeth placed their loved ones over and above convention, even propriety, and thus allowed an exception to be made with regards to their troubled nephew. George had come to live at Pemberley under the most tragic of circumstances, and in the process of settling into his new situation was observed to be most at ease around horses in whatever capacity. In the Darcys' fervid wish to see him content were they moved, therefore, to extend the boy special consideration, granting him leave to spend a good part of his leisure time among the majestic creatures he loved, and supposing no real harm should come of it. No decision, however, comes without consequences. For better or worse shall they manifest as the rain gives healthy harvests and ruinous floods. And as George grew accustomed to his new home, so had the stables become his haunt of preference, and George himself as much a fixture as the hands who tended it. All seemed well, at first, as the boy would usually keep to his own business and the workers to theirs; but naturally would the comingling lead to a less formal acquaintance, and a more casual camaraderie between superior and subordinates. This behavior was not only frowned upon, but utterly forbidden in any fashionable home, regarded as highly impractical and improper, an imprudence of epic proportions apt to suffer no end of societal scrutiny, and of which even Darcy himself disapproved in principle. Once or twice had he been thus inclined to discuss the matter with Elizabeth, who validated his concerns, but could not see clear to suspending that which gave her nephew the peace Lydia's death had so horribly disturbed. Her good faith could not be shaken; at least, not without good, sound reason, which came apparently on this very night as Hodges related the gradual (and secret) establishment of a singular rapport between George Wickham and a common workhand. Hodges described this Sam Cullen as a most unassuming fellow, merely one of a great retinue of staff under his authority; relatively meek, in no way remarkable and by all accounts a simpleton. Only recently, when ordered to conduct a thorough investigation, did Hodges's findings reveal something more sinister beneath a veil of fawn-like timidity, namely a latent cleverness, filthy vulgarity, and overt insolence kept guarded in the presence of all but the master's eleven-year-old nephew. While Cullen's performance was never called into question, his past remained sketchy, his references dodgy. Meanwhile, George and his duplicitous comrade had been entirely unaware of the surreptitious studying of the boy's whereabouts throughout the week, his behavior, and, to the greatest extent, his conversations conducted within the confines of his work station, where a secreted spy could be relied upon to overhear whatever was said from a nearby recess. The report was jarring; for Darcy had all along suspected little George the chief architect behind his recent string of mischievous exploits. Down to his bones he had felt the Wickham shrewdness rising to the surface, the boy's inherent propensities a dormant volcano set to erupt with the onset of adolescence, and his actions a detriment to a more gullible than knavish servant. How determined you are to think the worst of him. Elizabeth's words now ran guilt through his veins as every preconceived notion with regards to George's nature were amounting to very little but naivety and self-consequence, two decidedly nonfatal characteristics most common in juveniles, whether inherited or not. Darcy had dismissed his wife's censure, essentially claiming a superiority of wisdom and experience, but now it was fast becoming clear as it was mortifying, that his instinctive prejudice had yet again determined someone he loved as unworthy, as the endeared but unfortunate progeny of two deeply flawed, careless individuals decidedly beneath his own repute. The pattern, like his expertly designed garden maze, seemed to run in perpetuity. Just when he was certain he had learned from his mistakes would another error contend the contrary. To near devastating cost had such conceit polluted his feelings for Elizabeth, the love of his life, just as it stood to drive a wedge between him and George if more care was not taken, as well as more cognizance of who the real culprit might be. "Turns out Cullen's about as innocent as poison, sir," said Hodges, concurrently scolding himself for not intuiting sooner the man's true character, "though I've not yet determined his ultimate purpose, what he had sought to gain from the boy." "Frankly I care not," Darcy firmly declared. "I am only relieved that he was found out." "As am I, sir," his man replied, and then asked the master if he may speak plainly. When permission was granted he then, looking thoughtful, offered an analysis of young Mr. Wickham from his own perspective. "He's an untamed spirit," said he, "but of a right sort, I think. I've misjudged him, Mr. Darcy, and for that I am regretful." "Happens to the best of us, Hodges," said Darcy with a knowing smile. He then approved Cullen's dismissal, sternly adding, "A few hours' sleep, a scrap of food and a week's wages. No notice; no references. Off the premises by sunrise!" Hodges acknowledged the order with a short bow and a humble, "Yes, sir." George awoke that morning to find upon his nightstand a note he assumed outlined the details of his and Ben's punishment. The two of them had spent the prior evening in earnest discussion over the consequences that were to befall them both, and by retirement concluded that the party and all its tasty confections were well out of their reach, at best to be enjoyed from their shared balcony while the good children had a good piece of fun in the fresh spring air and sunshine. With some apprehension was the paper unfolded, their miserable fate laid out in but a few lines. Taking a deep breath, George read the note as follows: "After much contemplation, we feel confident you will be on your best behavior, and work hard to earn the second chance we have seen fit to grant you. Enjoy the party, gentlemen! Yours affectionately, Fitzwilliam Darcy Elizabeth Darcy" The reaction that followed was nothing short of elation as George leapt from his bed over to Ben's, shaking him from a deep slumber to relate the good news neither had anticipated. About an hour earlier, Sam Cullen had precious little time to think while he packed his meager belongings. He moved slowly, taking intermittent glances at the burly bloke called Angus waiting patiently at the door to escort him to the transport stationed just outside the camp. From there he would be removed to the nearby village of Lambton, where many a sacked servant had been discarded like the day's rubbish. Throughout his life had Sam borne such treatment from the likes of them. Many times over had he been abused, oppressed, degraded and disregarded by those under which he served, as if he were a barely viable entity bred purely for labor, a mere cog in the wheels perpetually in motion to sustain their perfectly posh existence, as easily replaceable as expendable. How stunned and helpless they would all be when those wheels abruptly fell off, sending their perfect world skidding into turmoil, and how rich he would be in the aftermath. With a thump to the skull, Sam was roused from his cot and handed his walking ticket, and with a mere wave of his hand thought the arrogant master forever shut of one more lowly subordinate, an assumption which must be used to its best advantage. As Sam promised to leave without delay, already was it settled in his mind that he would not be deterred; for he had worked much too hard to have months of toil and weeks of planning fall through on the very day of the event that would set him and his cohorts up for life. This was merely a setback, one last hurdle in the bumpy road leading to his ultimate recompense. The attainment of his situation at Pemberley had felt nothing short of miraculous, as if luck had deigned to smile upon him at a time when he could generally expect another kick in the arse. Sam believed most fervently in luck, that it rained down upon some in a torrent while the vast majority suffered a lifelong drought. Not a whit did the establishment care of what the unlucky endured, and for all their claims to virtue would not a one of them be caught dead in the rookeries and workhouses in which Sam was brought up, subsisting on stale bread and porridge, living in one hovel to the next, wearing a suit of soot after fifteen hours of chimney-sweeping or coal-mining. He reflected often on the years spent toiling like an animal in the heart of London from one menial job to the next, scraping by on scant wages before some foreman came along and made him redundant. In between he had managed to find other lines of work, more lucrative ventures that might have sent an even unluckier fellow to the gallows; but then a narrow escape from a thievery charge ended him up in the Peak of Derbyshire, where an old innkeeper, moved by his tale of woe, kindly offered him room and board in exchange for work as a hostler. It was there he met Mr. Hodges, who had stopped at the inn on his task to find good hands for a place called Pemberley, an estate rumored to have no equal in size or significance. With his gift for cajolery and forged references in possession, Sam's luck had finally changed for the better. That was six months ago, and ever since were his thoughts fully occupied with the massive fortune to be acquired with the perfect blend of patience, planning, luck…and collaboration. "What happens now, Sam?" murmured his bunk mate pretending to sleep. "Shut it, Baz." Sam looked off to see Angus and Hodges with their backs turned as they chatted. Seizing the opportune moment, he then whispered emphatically, "Get word to the boy." "How?" Sam's response was to strike at him like a snake, grabbing a fistful of Basil's shirt and jerking him from the pillow. "A bloody house maid!" he hissed through his teeth. "Must I think of everything?" "Gwen," muttered Baz in a trembling voice. "She lights the fires, I think." "Bloody see to it," Sam whispered fiercely, releasing him, "or I'll take the lot of you down with me." "Right, Sam." Suddenly was heard a forceful command: "Time's up, Cullen. Let's get a move on." "Aye, sir. Sorry, sir." A hundred thoughts ran through Sam's mind as he was walked out to the awaiting transport, a canopy of stars disappearing as the crack of dawn ignited the horizon. Given no explanation, just a brusque discharge and five minutes to gather his kit, Sam reckoned he must discern what went wrong in order to disentangle himself. Was it possible George betrayed him to his uncle? Definitely not, Sam quickly dismissed, for the boy was long determined dog-faithful and duller than ditch water. Basil seemed aboveboard, but one of the others, perhaps—Frank, Gwen, Sally, or Tom, who had sworn their loyalty and devotion to the scheme, had they fouled up utterly? Was it treachery, or mere carelessness? Either seemed probable. "Mr. Hodges," Sam mumbled, with his usual meekness, "whatever I've done, sir, ye' can be sure I meant no harm." The man scoffed at him. "No harm? Helping the master's nephew filch a horse? And don't be claimin' the boy conned or coerced you. We know better. 'I lied, Georgie boy! Lied me arse off!'" Hodges mimicked. "Sound familiar, Cullen? Your real talents are best put to use on a stage than a livery." Sam held his innocent expression as he inwardly cursed the lot of scuzzy rat spies sleeping soundly in the barracks. The bastards! Upon reaching the transport, Hodges dispensed the standard notice to stay off the property, and then handed him a knapsack said to contain his wages and a day's provisions. "Best of luck to you, Cullen," he said with an air of honesty. "But I've nowhere to go, sir," Sam pled gently, managing a few tears. "It was a mistake, is all, but just the one. Ain't I worked hard for ye', sir? with not a whinge or wail? Is a man not entitled to a second chance?" Hodges shook his head. "No man's entitled to anything," was his cold reply before he and Angus turned and walked away, leaving Cullen in darkness, with no audience but the chirping insects and no companion but the driver, whose familiar bulbous nose as he drew closer sent through him a surge of renewed hope. "Frank?" Sam whispered when he raised the brim of his hat to reveal the upper half of his ugly mug. "That you, mate?" Frank gritted out, "You promised I'd be rich, Sam. Ain't right for a man to break his promise." The last statement was punctuated with a wink. "No indeed, sir." Sam had to smile as he tossed his tow sack into the wagon; for it appeared Lady Luck was on his side once more. George and Ben were in high spirits as they prepared for the day ahead with the welcome attendance of Mr. Darcy's valet, who was tasked with ensuring that they looked their best as the event commanded. While Fleming worked in silence, George at one time declared that he should soon like to have his own manservant to tend to his every need, to which his cousin replied, "To have his own man, one must be his own man," in his usual pontifical manner. This was given the usual eyeroll, but otherwise ignored. With Fleming's exit and their wardrobe in place, the boys then began their walk to the breakfast-parlor for a light repast of scones and jam. This was a treat indeed; for though the mister and missus usually took supper with the children, mornings were generally reserved for themselves alone. The peculiarity of their attachment was not above George's notice as it was his cousins, who knew nothing else and therefore believed their union normal as the sunrise. George's old life in Hertfordshire highlighted the contrast, which thusly occupied his thoughts on occasion. Unlike the Longs and Lucases who regarded their respective partners with a mutual passivity and disinterest, the Darcys conversely appeared to take the greatest pleasure in each other's company. Quite often they were seen teasing and flirting, leaning in close, exchanging whispers or a simple glance, as if words were not needed, as if one's thoughts could be heard by the other. It was an act of wizardry, really—moreover a stirring contradiction to the stories on which George had been raised, that Aunt Lizzy had accepted her rich suitor more out of vexation and envy than the true love shared between his mother and Mr. Wickham. It was an account upheld till Mother's death, that she of five sisters was the luckiest in love while the others merely settled, either for missionary work or material gain. If this is so, thought George, why, then, is Aunt Lizzy always laughing? And why, too, did Auntie Jane and Aunt Kitty smile so often, and with a genuineness his own mother, whose smile never reached her eyes, could not emulate? Why had a letter arrived so recently from India which espoused his aunt Mary's happiness in her own life and marriage to a…how had she phrased it? a 'most practical and highly esteemed ministerial laborer?' Upon further contemplation, George determined grief over Mr. Wickham's death as the cause of Mother's pretense to a happiness not sincerely felt, and that her sisters simply grew to care for their husbands as they so evidently were cared for; for Mr. Bingley, Mr. Darcy, and even Dr. Fitzwilliam appeared never more content than— Suddenly George's thoughts were interrupted with the loud whispering of two chambermaids in the hall. As he and Ben passed was heard the following: "Did ye' hear 'bout Sam? Was sent packing before dawn, the poor devil!" "Poor, sweet Sam," murmured the other. George's humor sank at the hearing of such a rumor, and to his cousin's chagrin dared to approach the two maids he knew as Gwen and Sally to have them confirm it. Once the brief exchange ended and George continued down the hall, Ben tore into him immediately, condemning his singular habit of chatting up servants as though they were equals. "Such a display of impropriety on both ends! I am very tempted to have them both dismissed." "For what?" "For engaging in gossip and for making themselves heard. Rules are in place for a reason." George glared at him. "Only the worst of men would sack a servant for so little." "And no gentleman would dispute it," Ben retorted. "Are you a gentleman, or are you not?" "Of course he is a gentleman," cried Malcolm as he and Janie caught up with them. "Just like you and me!" "You and I," Ben corrected. "Are you and George quarreling again?" Janie inquired. "No!" they both exclaimed. "Then why," Janie pressed, "would you ask such a question, Ben?" "Certain behaviors merit inspection," Ben answered simply and rather smugly. "But not your inspection," Jane argued. "And not today, Brother," Malcolm added. "Today is special. Today we are only having fun, aren't we G—George? Where are you going?" "Nowhere," George answered as he sprinted ahead, his principal objective to determine if, and then why his friend had been sacked, even if it meant confronting the master himself.
Edit: Historical research suggests the Darcys' forthcoming event is more of a Venetian breakfast than a garden party, and so I've altered the verbiage accordingly. Thank you for reading! "Upon my word, little George," cried Elizabeth after spotting her flash of a nephew darting past the breakfast room at top speed. "Where are you off to in such a hurry?" Her voice slowed the boy's vigorous pace to a stop. He turned to face her, catching his breath as she advanced from the archway, the distress in his countenance at once compelling her to scold her poor choice of words. "I had forgotten you no longer care for that endearment," she said contritely, "for you are all grown up now, aren't you?" He nodded, though his thoughts seemed to be elsewhere. Elizabeth touched his shoulder. "Is something the matter, George? Are you unwell?" He looked at her, still panting. He began to speak, but then faltered, as if he could not quite collect his thoughts to fully articulate what was on his evidently troubled mind. After a few failed attempts, Elizabeth asked warily, "Is it to do with Ben? Had you another quarrel?" He shook his head emphatically. "No, ma'am. I was…going out." "Out?" Comprehension dawned, and she raised an eyebrow. "To the stables?" "Not to ride," the boy was quick to explain, adding ruefully, "I was—I was coming right back." Elizabeth tried to be understanding as she gently admonished, "George, you know perfectly well you are to seek permission beforehand…" "Yes, ma'am; sorry, ma'am. May I please go out, Aunt? I'll not be long, I promise." "Later, perhaps," she answered kindly but firmly. "Now come along with me, please. Your uncle is waiting." She then directed him into the breakfast-parlor, where Mr. Darcy sat with coffee cup in hand and eyes on his paper. On George's entrance he glanced up and smiled invitingly. "Good morning, Nephew. You are looking very smart. I see Fleming did a bang-up job." The boy looked at him for some moments before acknowledging the compliment in a rather weak and somber tone. Darcy studied him curiously. "Are the others on their way down?" "Yes, sir." The words came out stiff and overly formal. "Something else to say, George?" Darcy then asked, his brow creased and mien severe. An awkward silence ensued before Elizabeth finally bent to George's ear and whispered, "You should thank your uncle, George—for the party. It would mean a great deal to him." The boy glanced up at her, then back at his uncle; but before another word could be uttered came there a commotion of voices and footsteps as the Darcy children strolled into the room together. "Scones and jam!" cried Malcolm immediately, hardly able to contain his excitement over the sight and smell of the fresh pastries upon the sideboard. "Strawberries! Marmalade! Thank you, thank you, Papa!" Darcy chuckled as his youngest then ran into his open arms and kissed his cheek, and Elizabeth smiled as she always did at their little Malcolm's sweetness and affection. It was then Janie's turn, and she smilingly bade her parents good morning, complemented with a low curtsey and a dimpled smile. "Do you like my gown, Papa?" she asked cheerily, giving a twirl. "Beautiful as always, my angel," William praised before shifting attention to his eldest. "Good morning, Son." "Good morning, Papa," greeted Ben with a reverent bow. He clasped his hands behind him, and then made the ostensibly rehearsed proclamation: "I wish to express again my apologies for yesterday's incident. Your benevolence is most appreciated." "You are very welcome, Mr. Darcy," William replied, and then fixed his dark eyes again on George, whose faint frown and blank stare could not be made out. "George?" said Elizabeth from just behind him, rubbing his arm encouragingly. More uncomfortable silence followed until Ben's elbow to George's ribs finally jolted the boy from his reverie. He looked at his uncle, forced a smile, and said tightly, "Thank you, Uncle Darcy." Later that morning, George sat at his usual place upon the top railing of the deer's bespoke enclosure situated about twenty yards from the stables. Every so often he looked off in that direction, as if good ol' Sam would be along any moment for one of their chats, but on this day he did not come; nor would he ever again, it seemed. But no matter how much George wanted to, he adamantly refused to cry. Only little children cried, and he was not little. He was a Wickham, sturdy and stout, just like his father had been, and he would not "wail and moan" (as Ben had sang) over a servant's dismissal. Instead, he busied himself with a long, thin branch, scratching and digging into the dirt. Denied admission to the stables and granted but an hour to himself before he was to report back home to greet the imminent swarm of cousins, George reckoned only a quarter of that hour had passed before a presence was felt behind him. Expectantly he turned, but then frowned when he saw only Janie approaching. "What are you doing here?" he asked curtly as she reached the fence. "I've come to visit Aries." "Enter over there then." He jerked his head towards the latched gate. To his vexation, Janie instead lifted a slippered foot to the bottom rail and began hoisting herself up. "Silly girl!" George exclaimed. "You will ruin your party clothes." "Will not; I've climbed this fence a hundred times," she reasoned, and within moments was perched at his side. As she was a bit close for his comfort, George shifted a few inches away from her. "What are you waiting for? Go over and give him a cuddle." "That would dirty my gown, silly boy. Besides, I rather enjoy simply watching him graze. Isn't he the loveliest thing?" "Not really." George pointed out to the open meadow in the distance, where a lone white stallion romped spiritedly amid the wildflowers. "Perseus is far superior to any deer—or any horse, for that matter. I intend to ride him someday." "But he's too wild," said she. "You would be thrown to the ground." "Wouldn't be the first time." "And in any case, Papa would forbid you to even try. Only he and Aunt Georgie have that horse's respect and trust." George scowled but said nothing, his attention remaining fixed to his branch as he poked at the ground with increasing aggression. "Why do you come out here all alone?" asked Janie. "Why do you care?" "I was only curious. You needn't be so cross." "Sorry. I like to be alone sometimes." "Oh. I'll go away if you wish. You were here first." George shrugged. "Well, you're here now, so…sit where you like, it makes no difference to me." "Very well then." She smiled, and after awhile began humming a tune, swinging her legs to-and-fro while George continued his pointless preoccupation. Surely she will grow bored soon, he thought, though he knew not whether he would prefer her to leave or not, only that he felt as he usually did around pretty girls: nervous and awkward. After a long silence, Janie said, "Thank you for defending me yesterday. Ben can be so insufferable!" "Yes." George ground his branch even harder. "And haughty. And proud." "And loud," she added with a giggle. "And shrill," George subjoined. "His voice carried all the way to the conservatory. He should leave the singing to Malcolm." "What were you doing at the conservatory?" "Running one last errand for Hodges. The carrots are nice and ripe there." "Oh." She thought for a moment. "Did you never complete the errand then?" George smirked at her. "There was a fight, remember?" "Well, let's complete it now, shall we?" The girl then leapt down from the railing. "Why bother? Surely someone else saw to it." "But you don't know that, do you?" She tugged on his sleeve. "Come on, George. Take a walk with me. We have plenty of time, and won't Hodges be impressed with your diligence? Better late than never!" With a little more prodding, George gave in and sprang down, leaving behind the now mangled branch. The pair began their stroll through the park in the cool, crisp morning, for the most part ignored by the many servants immersed in their own respective occupations, which included the pitching of tents and setting up of tables and chairs for the breakfast. Only a single groom, Frank, had paid keen and covert attention to young Mr. Wickham's every move and glance, accurately predicting the boy's imminent return to the stables, and thus placing himself at the most opportune site. As they walked on together, Janie endeavored at conversation, but her attempts fell short as George's nerves and ill humor precluded a response of more than two or three words. She began to look discouraged, which added guilt to the litany of feelings that weighed upon him. Disquiet stirred as the rising boil of a tea kettle until finally, to save from bursting, George suddenly asked: "Have you ever hated anyone?" She seemed taken aback by the question, which was given a good deal of thought before she answered, "I don't think so. I dislike Ben sometimes, but certainly do not hate him. That feeling should be reserved not for vexing elder brothers, I believe, but for only the nastiest of characters—tyrants like Napoleon, or sadistic madmen like Ivan the Terrible. Mamma calls unconstrained hatred a sickness, that it corrodes your insides like poison, and that it may even lead to blindness if untreated or uncured." Searching his expression, she asked, "I thought you and Ben made up." "I wasn't talking of Ben." "Oh. Who then?" "No one; I was just asking," he lied. "What about…do you think it's possible to love someone, and then hate them?" In its amendment was the question better understood, as Janie was quicker and more eager to answer, "Oh! Like a betrayal! Like Medea, or Julius Caesar, or Cain and Abel!" "Sort of, I suppose. Perhaps not that severe, but…" "Oh, it must be that severe, Cousin. Don't you remember Dante?" "Um…" "Inferno! The ninth ring! The deepest, darkest circle of hell! That is where the treacherous are cast for eternity—or, as Miss Baxter says, the furthest removed from God's light and warmth as they denied His love." With much vigor, Janie acted out her narration—"and so they are forever trapped in a lake of ice, exposed to the bitter cold, to the ravaging winds; and at the very center resides the three faces of Lucifer himself, who gnaws upon the flesh of Cassius and Brutus, shredding Judas to pieces with his claws as he—" "Have done already!" cried George, his eyes wide with horror at the vividness of her description. "Blimey! That is a penance I have earnestly never wished upon anyone." "Good! Then you have perchance never hated anyone, either." "Perhaps not. I suppose that answers my question then. Thank you." "You're welcome!" She smiled brightly, and ran ahead of him into the conservatory, George quickening his own pace to catch up. His mood improved significantly as the two of them filled a pail with fresh carrots, each applying thought and care to their selections. Afterwards, they made their way back to the livery, cutting through the lawn at a brisk pace, gripping the handle from opposite sides, talking of the party and other lighter subjects until finally reaching the largest of the great barns where feed and supplies were stored. "I'll take it in," said George. "You had better go. We are expected back soon, and I am not supposed to be here at all. Better I get into trouble than you." "You'll not be in trouble. Just report to Hodges, give him the carrots, and then leave." She wiped her beaded brow. "Oh dear, I must freshen up. Hurry back, George!" And then she dashed away. George checked his own appearance, and counted himself lucky that he still looked presentable. He took hold of the pail, and as he entered through the barn's massive entrance heard a friendly voice. "Why hello there, Mr. Wickham," a man said as he emerged from the shadows, a crooked smile spread across his pock-marked face and a load of horse tack flung over his shoulder. "What brings ye' here, this morning? Thought you was all done slavin' for Hodges." George was startled at first, but eased quickly. "Hello, Frank. I am not working, I just…these carrots were to be delivered yesterday, but…" "But somethin' came up? bit of a square-go in the maze?" Frank raised his fists and threw playful jabs at the air. George colored. "You know about that?" "'Course I know," he chuckled. "S'all over the yard you drew Master Ben's cork!" "He drew mine, actually. Gave him a good one in his eye, though." "Really? You seem alright. How's about that shiner?" "Somewhat healed, but not completely." "Suppose that makes you the victor then." He smiled and winked. "Ol' Sam surely would have been proud." "So it's true then, Frank? about Sam? He's really…" "'Fraid so, Mr. Wickham. Had to remove him from the place me-self. It weren't a pretty scene. Poor bloke was fast asleep when it happened. Never saw it coming, but when it came..." Frank blew out a breath, visibly cringing at the memory. "Don't think they broke anything, but he got it pretty good. Might have a black eye himself." "But why, Frank?" Frank shrugged. "Not sure, really. We're never told, and we never know who's next—but we're used to that sort of thing. Some get it worse than others." George stared with surprise and confusion. "What—beatings? By my uncle's command?" "Well…it would have to be, wouldn't it? I've only known Hodges to carry out the master's orders to the letter. They say he was smacked around for years workin' his way up the ranks. Now he's taken over that duty." In a hushed tone, he added, "You ain't heard that from me, though." "How awful! Why did Sam never talk of my uncle's cruelty?" "No point, was there? Like I said, we's used to it." "Where is he now, Frank? Where is Sam?" With a sly grin, the man whispered, "Not as far as ye' might think." George winced. "What do you mean?" "Frank!" barked Hodges as he stormed into the barn. "You get away from that boy! What did I tell you lot, this morning?" "We weren't havin' a chat, Mr. Hodges," Frank explained. "Mr. Wickham was only—" "I only asked him where to find you, Mr. Hodges," said George, running up to the man, loaded pail in his grasp—"so I could bring you these carrots. You sent me for them yesterday, remember?" Hodges was still glaring at Frank while the boy, standing before him with his freshly-picked supply, spoke to him with respect and humility. Afterwards, Hodges replied, in a kinder tone, "That chore was tended to, Mr. Wickham. You needn't have bothered, but thanks all the same. I'll see that it gets to the kitchen staff. Best be running along now, sir." "Is Frank in trouble now?" George asked fretfully. "Because of me? Is that why Sam was sacked, too?" Hodges shook his head. "I'm not at liberty, sir. You really should not be here." "Why not?" "My staff is forbidden to speak to you, Mr. Wickham, as Mr. Frank here good and well knows." "Forbidden! Since when?" "I really can say no more, sir. Thought the master might have informed you by now, but I can only refer you to him. Now please run along." George refused, sniffing back the tears that threatened to spill. Hodges looked down at him, expression softening to one of sympathy as he exclaimed, "Look at you! All dressed up for a party, and carryin' around a tin pail like you was commoner than cabbage. A smelly ol' barn is no place for such a dapper young man. You'll be ridin' again soon—that I can tell you. But this…" (he motioned towards the boy) "this ain't right. It's with other gentlemen you belong, Mr. Wickham—not the likes of us." "But I like the barn!" George cried. "I like the stables! And I like Sam!" At the final exclamation, his tears went unchecked. "I know you did, Mr. Wickham, but…" Hodges went silent. "But what?" "It ain't for me to say. Listen, I'll let Frank off with a warnin', seein' as how you didn't know the new rule." He snapped at Frank, "Back to work, you," then to George, softly, "I would ask that you trust your uncle's judgment, Mr. Wickham. He means well. But you really must leave at once, sir. You've done excellent work for me, but it's all over now. Understand?" (no answer) "Have a jolly good time today. You've earned it." By two o'clock in the afternoon the breakfast was in full swing, the front park packed with dozens of happy guests enjoying the perfect weather. The sun shone behind wispy clouds as the cream of Derbyshire mingled in the shade beneath the tents, or strolled along the garden paths or through the maze, or ate marzipan and other confections at one of the many tables adorned with a center piece of fresh flowers. As the Darcys so rarely entertained, nearly every invitation was accepted with much anticipation and enthusiasm, including and especially their closest relations, most of whom resided but a short distance away. Mr. Darcy's sister, in fact, lived right on the grounds just a mile or so from the great house; for even after marrying could Georgiana, now Lady Russell, not bear to part from her family home. With the blessing of her doting husband was a fine, stately manor therefore built atop the property's highest peak, where the Russells resided ten months out of the year. Named Summerhill, it was a truly modern, magnificent, albeit smaller abode easily viewed from the Darcys' own balconies, and quite often would Mr. and Mrs. Darcy give a wave to their very close neighbors whenever they lounged together in the morning or evening hours, even though the chance that they were actually seen at that moment was remote. But neither of them cared, so happy they were to be within proximity to the people they loved so well. As the guests were received, the Darcys welcomed Georgiana and her husband John with fervor; for they had just returned from an extensive journey abroad. The two of them still looked exhausted from all the traveling, as Darcy happened to mention in a rare, private moment with his sister. "Indeed we are both rather tired," Georgiana confirmed, and Darcy was further moved to contrition by her weary countenance. "We'll not be offended, dearest, if you should like to go home and rest." "Oh, no!" she was quick to rejoin, "John and I wanted to come. The weather is too perfect, and the diversion is needed, I assure you." "Were Paris and Rome not diverting enough for you?" Darcy teased. She smiled faintly. "There was as much work involved as pleasure, though I did visit some very lovely shops. Oh, stop looking at me that way, William. I am perfectly well. John is well. The children are well. We are all well." "So you were not on holiday? That is what Lizzy and I had assumed, but it is none of our affair, of course." "Do not sulk, Brother. It was a holiday of sorts, but not entirely." He raised a hand. "Say no more; You are a grown woman, a wife, a mother, and you answer to me no longer." He again studied her. "But you do look very fatigued, my dear." "William!" "I've an idea. Why don't you and John take a week all to yourselves—or for as long as you require. It is what Lizzy and I do whenever one or both of us become excessively immersed in occupations and commitments." "The notion is tempting, but…" "But nothing at all, sweetheart. We will look after James and Ruby. There is plenty of room in the nursery now that Ben and George are sharing an apartment." He looked off to where five-year-old Ruby and seven-year-old James were cavorting in the park with the rest of their cousins of similar ages. "And you know how much Janie and Malcolm enjoy their company." "I promise to consider your offer if you stop worrying," she answered with mild frustration. "Surely you are the one in need of respite, Brother. You are always fussing over everyone else. Were it not for Lizzy, I should—oh, look! There's Richard and Matthew, begging for your company. Clearly you have neglected them." On her nod, Darcy spotted the brothers Fitzwilliam conversing amidst a small party of gentlemen. "Neglected, eh? They are not even looking in my direction," Darcy observed. "You are only changing the subject." "Indeed I am." With a frenetic wave of her hand, Georgiana caught their cousins' attention. The brothers smiled in greeting, and then motioned for Darcy to join them. "Now they are begging your company," Georgie teased, "and so you must oblige them as a proper host." With a smile, Darcy raised his beverage in acknowledgement of their request, indicating that he would be over directly. Richard and Matthew returned the gesture – the latter a respected physician, the former now Earl of Matlock – and in that moment felt Darcy a surge of wonder at life's twists and turns; for as he was miraculously gifted a second chance with Elizabeth after a horribly botched proposal, so had Providence seen fit to award a mere militia colonel his noble rank in their first summer as man and wife. The first-born's sudden, violent illness had claimed the barren viscount in a matter of weeks, leaving second-born Richard in line to succeed the father who remained in excellent health for several more years. At a ripe old age had he recently succumbed, passing away peacefully and mercifully, in peaceful slumber, without misery, without pain. Moreover, the ineffective, archaic methods practiced on Stephen by supposed specialists had driven young Matthew to discard years of academic study at Cambridge for the obsessive pursuit of medical innovation. When he had once considered himself a master of theory, a potential reader or lecturer, perhaps even a professor in due course, now Matty was working alongside the most renowned physicians in the country, having already saved countless lives, and performing the sort of work that should set the course for the future of mankind as he endlessly sought improvements in the field of medicine. The brothers went back to their conversation, and then Darcy turned to Georgiana to further inquire about her own health. With a roll of her eyes Georgie smiled, kissed his cheek, and then went away to join the Fitzwilliam wives – Lady Marina, Kitty, and the dowager Lady Alexandra – at their table. Darcy scrutinized his sister a bit longer before detecting the faint scent of lavender in the air, and then feeling Elizabeth's presence draw near. With eyes still on Georgiana was his wife then welcomed into a one-armed embrace, her dainty hand resting on his back as he held her by the waist. He bent slightly as she raised on her tiptoes to whisper softly into his ear: "Dearest, I think something may be very wrong with little George."
Chapter 9 Darcy chuckled at his wife's little jest. "I am serious, William." Her tone moved him to meet the assertion's corresponding expression. Indeed she was in earnest. Darcy's brow knit in consternation. "What has he done now?" "I have no incidents to report, Mr. Darcy, merely my growing concern for our nephew's discernible melancholy." "Please, Elizabeth…" "Must you be so strict, my dear?" "This has been discussed—" "I know, but—" "—and you agreed the current state of affairs could no longer be tolerated, that lines were egregiously crossed to the potential corruption of a most vulnerable youth. I have borne my share of blame and hate seeing him unhappy as much as you, but this is for his own good. Have strength, my dear." "I am trying, but I think this may run deeper than the mere imposing of rules and restrictions. Have you not yet talked the matter over with George?" "Which matter?" "Sam Cullen, of course." "He knows about that already?" "You know word spreads faster than fire, William. Surely you did not think he would remain ignorant for long." "Longer than a heartbeat, for God's sake! Besides, I have been far too busy with the party." "Fair enough. But, afterwards, you do intend to settle this business between you, do you not?" Darcy sighed deeply, taking a moment's deliberation before replying, "The business is settled, Mrs. Darcy. Frankly, I see not the sense in discussing it with an eleven-year-old." "I beg your pardon, Mr. Darcy," said she, with faltering patience, "but did you not, just yesterday, spend a quarter of an hour discussing with our nine-year-old daughter the order of things as it pertains to the natural world, and to her Aries in particular?" "And then what happened?" he asked sharply. "I capitulated. Crumbled." "You commiserated, as would have many a loving father." "Or as many a fool bested by his own bleeding heart, when the matter should never have been open to opposition. I mishandled the situation entirely, and am mortified on behalf of my predecessors; for it is certain no master before me ever begged his children's approval out of concern for their precious feelings." "I happen to adore your bleeding heart, Fitzwilliam Darcy. It is what I fell in love with, and till my dying breath shall I resist your stubborn endeavors to suppress it." At her impassioned plea he smiled, raising her hand to his lips. "Fear not, my dear. I've no intention of rescinding my promise to Janie. A father may afford his little girl a bit of soft-hearted submission, but sons are a different matter altogether." "Not this again, please. The sexes are not so dissimilar, my love, as to render us completely insensible to individual character and conditions. Our nephew is, in fact, and despite every boyish attribute, far more delicate than our Janie; than Ben or Malcolm, for that matter. Some children—not nearly enough—are blessed with the exceedingly good fortune of being fostered upon the sturdiest of foundations, and as such are better equipped to cope with extreme disappointment. How ironic, that we as the providers, as the bearers of wealth, wisdom and worldliness, are somehow less equipped to bear their suffering! but I digress, my dear. Our methods, it would seem, are not fully measuring up to our intentions. You may think, with your latest decrees and Cullen's dismissal, that the problem essentially worked itself out, but it is simply not so; and one look at George would confirm it." Darcy listened intently, by nature desiring to disagree, to counter her view with a brilliant, irrefutable argument, but ultimately finding he could not. On her urging, he looked to where the children danced merrily around the maypole, all smiles and laughter. Even the usually stoic Ben was in good cheer, likely due to the blushing blonde presence of his current infatuation, Dorothea Bingley. George, however, despite his concerted efforts to match their amusement, looked as if he carried the world's weight on his shoulders. "How utterly bizarre," said William, "that a servant should mean so much to him." Elizabeth cut him an arch glance. "Which reminds me, Mr. Darcy, of the correspondence just received from McKenna's Florist in Nottingham. Shall I continue or suspend the usual deliveries to Mrs. Reynolds's gravesite?" Darcy stared, colored, and then broke into laughter as he squeezed his vexing wife closer against him. "Continue, my love." A heavy pause. "I will speak with George." "Wonderful! When?" "Soon. I've too much on my plate at the moment—as do you, Mrs. Darcy. Let us not disturb the boy further on this occasion. Give him a chance to enjoy the day. Look, there. Janie is bound and determined to brighten his mood. I've little doubt she will succeed. And then tonight we'll have it out, George and I, openly and honestly. "But delicately, my dear." "Delicately," he concurred. "In time, this Cullen shall be a memory best forgotten." Lizzy breathed a sigh. "The truth shall break his heart, I fear." "But he will bear up," said Darcy, pressing his lips to her temple. "As must we all." A short time later came Mrs. Bingley to very politely steal her sister away, leaving Darcy free to join Richard and Matthew, the latter saying immediately upon his arrival: "Take a look at Frederick." Darcy followed his cousins' befuddled gaze to the gentleman's shaded location some fifty feet away, his young wife attached to his arm, the couple beaming as they mingled beneath the tent from one table to another, greeting each and every couple with atypical enthusiasm. "Not since his campaign have I seen him hold a smile for that long," said Richard. "What do you know, Darcy?" "About what?" "About the Blackwells! I had heard their household is in disarray and their marriage in shambles, and yet to look at them—" "From whom did you hear this?" asked Darcy. "My wife," answered Richard. "And where did she hear it?" "My wife," whispered Matty. Darcy rolled his eyes and exclaimed, "What in blazes have I walked into—a sewing circle? Had I known this was the manner in which Lords and doctors employed their free time, I might have spared myself the annoyance." Richard waved off his reply. "Give over, Darce. Do not pretend you and Lizzy are not au fait with the rumors as everyone else." "Even if we were, we should be damned to dignify it. Oh, dear God!" Darcy groaned. "Please tell me this is not the prevailing topic on everyone's lips, and that my party is not an ever-rotating rumor mill." The brothers exchanged guilty looks before Matthew answered, "We've not contributed, Cousin." "Just kept our ears open," added Richard. "But, Darcy, you must give us some allowance; for not in our lifetime has a whiff of scandal ever befallen the Blackwells. This is a truly momentous event." "How can I argue with such sound reasoning?" Darcy quipped. "Evidently," Richard stressed, "you have overlooked how insufferable Frederick could be in our youth. With him was the only scrap I ever got into on horseback, remember? Over a thrown shoe of all things!" Darcy chuckled. "He maintains you cheated in that race." "He can get stuffed! I won bloody fair and square." "Over twenty years ago, Richard, and a rather trivial example in retrospect." "He threw me into a lake when I was ten," Matthew bitterly interjected, "just for catching the bigger fish." "You did gloat insufferably," his brother reasoned. "I nearly drowned! He was eighteen, for the love of—" "I should be the first to agree he is not perfect," chimed Darcy. "We've all our share of Frederick encounters, but that hardly merits the sort of speculation and begrudgery most common of a clutch of old hens. Is it not beneath us? Are we not gentlemen?" "Are we not sanctimonious?" Richard mocked. "Set aside your exemplary virtue, Will—just for a moment. Can you honestly deny these reports have educed a touch of satisfaction?" "Or perhaps some conviction," Matthew inserted, "in the Buddhist dogmas of cause and effect known as karma?" "Not a whit," Darcy replied, careful to reveal nothing of what he knew. Wittingly he laid more guilt upon the brothers, saying, "From where I stand, we are in no position to scrutinize, and all in a position fairly equal to if not above Sir Frederick's current status. In any case, it would appear the rumors are unfounded; for he and Priscilla, as you see, look as a pair of love birds." The two siblings contended that looks could be deceiving before finally moving on to less distasteful subjects. Another hour passed as Darcy played his well-refined role has host, though the frequently overheard whispers about the Blackwells served to validate his general dislike of these events. But none of the gossip had reached the couple's ears, apparently, as their adoring glances and joyous expressions never faltered. At around four o'clock Darcy reunited with Elizabeth, each exhausted from entertaining, but also pleased with themselves at the ostensible harmony restored in the Blackwells' marriage. By that virtue was it reckoned the gossip should dry up in due course. But for yesterday's incident at Kingston, everything seemed to be going according to plan, with no one – not even Priscilla – wise to the Darcys' minimal involvement. Next came the supper course. While the children dined beneath their very own tent under the supervision of three nannies and Miss Baxter, the Darcys took repast at a fully populated table, the Blackwells adjacent, and halfway through the meal were taken aback when Frederick suddenly rose from his seat, tapping fork to glass, commanding the whole party's attention. "Ladies and gentlemen," said he, in his statesman's voice, "if I may beg your indulgence, I wish to make an announcement." The crowd quieted, and all eyes were on the accomplished speaker now clearing his throat, patiently waiting on each and every man and woman to swallow their last bite of food ere proceeding. Darcy and Elizabeth glanced at one another, the former perturbed by the impertinence of this announcement for which he had not been pre-apprised, the latter taking private amusement from it; for such was Frederick's standard self-consequence, that he would make a speech at someone else's soiree without clearance, his own interests countermanding the dictates of decorum. While simmering in silence, Darcy felt Elizabeth's hand touch his leg, squeezing gently. He looked at her, captivated as usual by her aspect, her upturned mouth, her eyes dancing with good humor, elevating his own as Frederick made his first proclamation: "Before I begin, let us raise our glasses to the stellar hospitality of our marvelous host and hostess, whose enchanting estate remains the envy of Derbyshire." The crowd happily complied with a smattering of here, here! over the blushing couple's silent expressions of appreciation. Frederick continued: "Well, with that out of the way, I've most excellent news to share with all of you. Forgive my aversion to your inquiries, forgive the ridiculous smile on my face, and, Darcy, do pardon my neglecting to brief you beforehand. I merely wanted this to be a surprise to everyone." Darcy gave an obliging nod, internalizing his anticipation as he felt the stiffening of Lizzy's grip on his upper thigh. Frederick looked down at his wife, and, taking her hand, gently said, "Stand up, darling." She obeyed shyly, meeting his expression with similar warmth and elation. With eyes back on the crowd, Frederick wrapped a strong arm about his wife's diminutive frame upon exclaiming, "My dear Priscilla is with child! Kingston will have a new heir six months hence! The Blackwell line endures!" The reaction was a comingling of thrilled gasps and murmurs, followed by a round of congratulatory applause for the happy couple. The Darcys were quick to join in the celebration, the hopeful pair suppressing a slight but shared feeling of uneasiness as Frederick lay a loving kiss to Priscilla's dimpled cheek. "Isn't it wonderful, Lizzy?" cried Jane upon Elizabeth's arrival at her table at supper's conclusion. Servants abounded and plates were cleared as a plethora of guests resumed their intermingling (and the further trading of idle gossip, no doubt). Jane took hold of Elizabeth's hands, her eyes tearful and smile incandescent. "How they have yearned for a child, and finally shall their prayers be answered! Won't Priscilla be the finest mother! And just look at Sir Frederick! Never have I seen him so happy." She quickly stood. "Excuse me, please, Sister. I must go over and wish them joy!" And she dashed away, freeing a chair for Elizabeth to occupy until her sister's return. She and Mr. Bingley exchanged knowing smiles, the latter enduringly charmed by his beautiful wife's inexhaustible care for others. "Well, Charles," said Elizabeth, "it would appear your wife is thrilled enough for the both of you." "I shall save my energy then," Charles replied, "and trust that my dear Jane's blessings will be sufficient. Little Alfred has been sharing our bed of late, and he is a relentless kicker. I am lucky to get a good five hours on most nights." Elizabeth smiled, privately marveling at her ever agreeable brother-in-law; for even his complaints were merrily expressed. "Speaking of slumber," said she, humorful gaze shifting to their table mate, "it would seem poor John could use a good night's rest himself." On hearing his name, John opened his heavy eyelids, abruptly lifting his head from the pillow that was his right palm. "Oh, God! Forgive me," cried he with some embarrassment, and then looked all around. "Where—where is my wife?" Elizabeth nodded towards the children's tent. "She went to check on James and Ruby. Thank you again for lending your nanny, John. Miss Baxter is most grateful for the added reinforcement." "Think nothing of it, Sister," said he, fighting a deep yawn. Charles laughed heartily, clapping the man on the back. "How family depletes us so! Eh, John?" "Indeed," John muttered, rubbing his tired eyes. "And yet I would not trade a single moment spent with them, with all of you," Charles generously asserted. "Not for the world." "Nor would I, Brother," Elizabeth readily concurred. "Lizzy, I beg you express to Mr. Darcy my sincerest apologies," said John, his worried eyes finding William's unoccupied chair, and then the man himself at Frederick Blackwell's side as the two men conversed. "No! I shall do so myself." He began to stand, but then was beseeched to sit back down. Said Elizabeth, "You needn't bother, John. My husband understands fully, takes no offense, and in fact expressed some concern for you and Georgie." "Travel fatigue," replied John with a nervous laugh. Charles commiserated with him over this relatable condition, and then the two men talked more of the continent, Elizabeth erelong excusing herself to check in with her most capable governess. On arrival, Miss Baxter gave a positive report on her ample assembly of youngsters, all exceeding infancy but most younger than ten, leaving Janie and Malcolm with a far greater share of playmates to Ben and George, who preferred the society of those nearer to adolescence. As per usual, Ben stayed close to Dorothea Bingley's side, perpetually tongue-tied around the girl four months his junior and, in his own words, "pretty as roses," though he never dared to admit feelings beyond familial affection, no matter how much teasing he endured. But Ben's charming susceptibility to Miss Dorothea was of little concern to his mother at the moment. Eyes searching for George, Elizabeth eventually found her object situated among the lot, his piece of cake barely touched, a more studious contrast to the smiles that surrounded him, calling to mind a latter-day assembly in which she had made the acquaintance of a reserved and reticent gentleman who'd spent the whole evening staring and brooding, inviting scrutiny and misapprehension, including her own. But unlike Mr. Darcy, remembered as dripping with the pride of his distinction, George seemed burdened by it, half of him relishing the company of his more privileged contemporaries while the other half ached with yearning. Endlessly he observed them, entranced, taking an active interest in their comportment, their conversations and manner of speaking, then falling mute on the occasional reference to that which he could not relate as an orphaned boy raised on a modest country manor in a nondescript neighborhood full of unimportant people, certainly not the descendants of Lords and Ladies, of lines dating back centuries, and the sprawling estates to show for it. Next to George sat Janie, whose playfulness often broke his concentration on the others. Frequently she addressed him, teasing him like a sister, as wholly indifferent as Malcolm to what set him apart from everyone else; and though her every attempt at humor drew a smile, there was something behind George's expression found most disheartening, a distinctive sadness Elizabeth knew not how to remedy. Her ceaseless observation (and apparent distress) thusly evoked Miss Baxter's own take on the matter: "Children, I find, are far more resilient than we give them credit for, with very few exceptions." "Might our Mr. Wickham be one of those exceptions, Miss Baxter?" "Not in my estimation, ma'am. I think him a very sturdy lad, indeed." "Do you?" Elizabeth was genuinely surprised; for she had always viewed George as rather fragile, thin-skinned, fearful of the dark and unpleasantness in general. Miss Baxter nodded. "A few more years of study and cultivation, and he should make a fine addition to our Royal Navy." "About that, Miss Baxter," replied Elizabeth. "While the adjustment of your curriculum has admittedly improved our nephew's attitude and performance, Mr. Darcy contends that maritime history and navy lists are insufficient preparation for Eton, and that George's interest in the sea is likely another passing fancy, if not a pretext to evade the responsibilities that await him on shore. A long period of reflection finds me torn over the matter. While I care deeply about the boy's happiness, our all-too-frequent indulgence in these whims might very well do him more ill than good in the end. On that head, we ask that the former lesson plan be reimplemented, and that more scholarly pursuits be encouraged henceforward. George has years, if his passion sustains, to answer the call of adventure; but Eton is just around the corner, you see." "Yes of course, Mrs. Darcy," returned she with a respectful curtsey, though her voice revealed an air of trepidation. This time, Elizabeth chose to ignore the inflection and not pursue Miss Baxter's opinion, privately declaring her decision on the matter final, no matter how much it pained her to deny any of her children the things that brought a smile to their little faces, that served, in George's case, to mend the wound inflicted by his mother's death. But, alas! more important than a child's pleasure was his protection, and the Darcys' obligation to see their nephew not merely gratified, but well disciplined, well educated, and well able to manage his birthright in the coming years. As William had said, George shall bear up, and not because he wills it, but because he must. George was quick to straighten his carriage upon noticing the near perfect posture of his tablemates, privately condemning his propensity to slouch, especially when conversation took a turn for the insipid. They were talking of music, particularly of the various instruments in which they were obliged to spend hours each day under the tutelage of unduly demanding instructors. To George's ears did these lessons sound rather like hell on earth than a necessary means of refinement; and yet he perceived on their end no feelings of resentment, but rather a mixture of understanding, resignation, and even pride in what they had accomplished thus far. Noting his silence, the younger Bingley sister then asked George what instrument he played, to which he merely shrugged, somehow believing this response would satisfy the girl now staring at him in perplexity. "I like horses," he answered timidly when the girl voiced her confusion. "We all like horses," said the elder Dorothea, almost certainly the prettiest girl at the table, or whom he had ever laid eyes upon, "but we enjoy music just as well. Can you not take pleasure in both?" He swallowed hard, feeling suddenly strangled by his cravat, which he loosened slightly as he replied, avoiding her blue-eyed gaze, "I have tried to; but music, I find, does not hold my interest." With a snicker, Janie cut in, "Our playing holds no charm for him at all. Why it is all he can do to stay awake most evenings! Is that not so, Malcolm?" Intuiting George's discomfort, the eight-year-old replied, "I don't mind, really. Music is not for everyone, and not everyone plays. I do not play." "Your voice is your instrument," Ben retorted, "to which you have devoted a good deal of discipline, and so it counts." Dorothea agreed, which flattered Ben immensely, and to the Darcy siblings was then made the following suggestion: "You might try altering your playlist," said Dorothea, "to something better suited to a boy like him, perhaps merrier folk tunes over the serious works of Bach or Handel." Despite the sweetness of her address, George blushed crimson at the allusion to his lack of sophistication. He forced down a bite of cake, suppressing his mortification as best he could while the subject endured, resolving to wait out this portion of the party with no further contribution. Minutes later came a team of footmen to clear away the children's plates, one in particular bending to George's ear and whispering: "Mr. Wickham, would you come along with me, sir? The master desires a word with you." "Me? Why?" said George, instantly presuming the worst. What have I done now? In response, the footman merely repeated the request, purporting to no nothing beyond the order he was given. George rose from the table, taking care to formally excuse himself, and followed the smartly dressed servant down the table, past more cousins and other children several times his consequence, likely judging him, whispering behind his back while feigning politeness to his face. "Tom!" cried Miss Baxter on spotting her pupil being led away from the tent. The footman halted and faced the approaching woman. "Just where are you taking Mr. Wickham, pray?" "To the drawing-room, ma'am," replied the footman. "by the master's direct order." "The children are under my supervision," the governess scolded, "and as such I am to be notified, as you know, before you simply make off with one of my charges." "Indeed, Miss Baxter," Tom respectfully returned. "Forgive the error, please. It will not happen again, I assure you." Miss Baxter looked off in the distance, and then said, "Mr. Darcy is clearly occupied with the other guests. Seems strange that he should desire a private meeting with his nephew at this time." "I cannot account for that, ma'am. I merely was tasked to escort Mr. Wickham, and to remain with him till the master's arrival. I know nothing else." "Very well then. Go along, Mr. Wickham." The footman resumed his steady pace with George in tow, the governess watching as they cut through the courtyard to a subsidiary entrance used mainly by servants. Once inside, Tom led George down a vast hall to a dark empty chamber, whereupon he whipped around and whispered, "I've a message from Cullen." At this, George's face overspread with joy. "Sam!" his voice echoed, and then quickly was shushed as the footman continued: "The recital begins at eight o'clock. First your cousins, then Lady Russell. When your aunt begins playing, get to the garden maze. Sam will be there, waiting for you." "The garden maze? Then he is not in Lambton? But how…?" "No time to explain," Tom whispered, "but a word of caution, Mr. Wickham: the passages will be dark, as the torches are to be snuffed out at five minutes past the hour." George swallowed. "How dark?" "Pitch dark, but don't fret. A lantern will be placed at the entrance for you. Once you've entered, just start walking till you find him, or till he finds you." George grew even more nervous. "But, Miss Baxter—how am I to avoid her? or the nannies? I will surely be caught!" "Not if you are clever." He winked. "And we all know you are, Mr. Wickham." George had so many more questions, each of which were stifled with Tom's hastily delivered message that ended with, "He is taking a tremendous risk for you, Mr. Wickham. If you are not there, you will never see him again. And if you are discovered, well—" "Won't happen, Tom," said George determinedly. "I promise! Tell Sam I will be there." The footman smiled. "He knows that already. You're like a son to him, y'know." Their exchange lasted but a few more seconds, with George quickly contriving an excuse for the awaiting Miss Baxter, and then off he dashed through the home, out of doors, and back to the children's tent, wholly uplifted by the news, and scarcely able to wait till this evening.
"Pray for a boy, Darcy," whispered Frederick from just over his shoulder as guests were being seated for the much anticipated recital, the meticulously arranged candelabras casting a brilliant glow around the makeshift theatre at the park's center. "I pray all your children healthy, no matter their sex," Darcy returned in an even quieter voice, eyes forward and head unmoving, his wife's attention thankfully on her chatty right-side neighbor. In the aftermath of Frederick's wondrous announcement, Darcy had been obliged to endure one observation, query or concern after another, his civility tested and energy spent by sundown. Not that the man noticed as he then replied: "True, true, there is no need to suppose this the only one. Priscilla is still so young, so sturdy…" (a deep sigh) "…so utterly perfect…" Perfect, you say? thought Darcy as Frederick went on: "…but the estate is entailed, you see; and though luck was kind enough to gift you a fine pair of boys, she tends to forsake me in these matters. No, I must think positive and count on complete success; for I should be damned before Kingston falls into the hands of my stupid cousin Lathrop, or any one of his imbecilic offspring. They are not even Blackwells!" "Indeed, none are worthy but the son you have lawfully sired." Frederick failed to detect the edge in Darcy's tone as he continued: "And the reward, I should think, is well worth its potential cost; for it is said a woman's figure is lost forever, immaterial of one birth or twenty. What are your thoughts on this, Darcy? Your wife maintains a svelte physique, at least from my perspective, but—" "Frederick," Darcy bit out, "that is quite enough. Again I offer you a hearty congratulations, and wish your family health and happiness from today to eternity. I should now like to direct my attention forward, if you don't mind. My children are to perform directly." The man finally quieted after that, leaving Darcy to his own musings, moreover to try and suppress the uncertainty felt in the hours following the joyous proclamation which had effectively (and rather selfishly) commandeered the evening, and his contemplations. Ever would Darcy claim himself more realist than cynic; but the truth, convenient or cumbersome, supersedes every wish, ideal, feeling or hope, no matter the ferocity of one's endeavor to deny, argue or ignore it. Elizabeth, as a fellow pragmatist, was in full agreement, and had likewise submitted her helplessness over the situation. And unlike their prattling peers, the Darcys resolved to further treat the matter with the privacy it deserved, should the Blackwells have the compassion to confine whatever difficulties lay ahead, both marital and familial, to the sanctity of their household. But this, Darcy reckoned, was almost certainly a pipe dream, given the constant gnawing of his ear and trying of his patience. A nice, long holiday with the whole family was most definitely in order – Great Yarmouth, perhaps – and beginning tomorrow would the planning commence. The decision was accompanied by a deep, calming breath, Darcy welcoming the feeling of peace and repose that passed swiftly as a breeze, and was not to return for another three months. The children performed beautifully as per their weeks of rehearsal, the Darcys beaming with pride over the applause of the enraptured audience mindful of the rare privilege in hearing them, considering the innately private, protective, and non-exhibitionist nature of their hosts. Lady Georgiana Russell, perhaps the most accomplished pianiste in Derbyshire, next took her place behind the well-positioned pianoforte. Facing the audience, she then played a flawless sonata with all the difficulty of a morning stroll, the audience lulled into a silent state of enchantment by the closing strains. It was not until the opening of her next piece, that the murmuring slowly emanated, first quietly, then with elevated volume as the distinct whiff of smoke in the air sent a wave of alarm through the crowd. The song abruptly ended, Georgiana besieged with fear as she pointed out to what the crowd was obliged to turn around and view for themselves. More than a hundred yards away was found the source of the ever-thickening cloud, the sudden appearance of an orange flare eliciting a burst of gasps and cries: "Fire!" "The gardens!" "Dear God!" Panic rose as the crowd from their chairs, the Darcys staring in shock and horror at the flames billowing higher and higher from the garden maze. The response had been swift, as was the raising of the alarm. By the time the brigades showed up, the inferno could be seen for miles, tenants and townsfolk conjecturing Pemberley's doom and numerous fatalities as they stared in awe at the red-orange glow in the horizon from the safety and comfort of their small cottages. Their predictions might have been realized, were it not for the high levels of humidity in the air which slowed the fire's spreading significantly. But for a few fainting spells, by divine providence had there been no reports of injury, which was counted as one of very few blessings in the aftermath of a blaze that never reached the manor house. The gardens, however, were not so lucky. It took two whole days and every engine on tap to fully extinguish the fire that reduced five acres of greenery to an ash-ridden wasteland of stone fountains, Greek statues and scorched earth. Pemberley's conservatory – once the largest in Derbyshire – was now a splintered heap of wood and glass, the famed labyrinth down to a rough sketch of what it used to be, with rows of charred branches sprouting from the blackened soil. Gone were the exquisitely crafted topiaries, the fragrant, freshly bloomed botanicals so many visitors had claimed to be the highlight of their tour, the walking paths all that remained of a once-renowned emblem of beauty and tranquility. Though the turmoil had finally abated, the grief only swelled as the master and mistress wandered like lost spirits through the devastation on that third morning, both ravaged with sleeplessness and worry over the disappearance of their nephew, who remained the singular loved one as yet unaccounted for, the suspected culprits vanished amid the chaos with thousands of pounds worth of valuables in their possession. But the despairing couple gave not two straws for their missing jewels and silver, nor cared a whit about the study found raided and robbed of a few hundred in bank notes, Darcy's solid oak desk gashed beyond repair with the force of many hatchet blows for the pilfering of its scant amount of funds. All that mattered to them was George, whose disappearance, once confirmed, had prompted the establishment of a search party led by their most capable cousin Richard, a retired lieutenant colonel and honored war veteran, maimed in Waterloo long before the earldom and all its luxuries. Dozens of men – farmers and gentry alike – volunteered for the formal search to commence after breakfast, which the Darcys had skipped in favor of combing through the debris, the occupation preserving their sanity as their willfulness urged them on. Through the morning they searched without rest, praying not to find what remained of their nephew buried beneath a mound of burnt rubble. As the sun moved directly overhead, Elizabeth finally fainted for lack of energy and sustenance. Darcy immediately ran to her, swept her up, and carried her back towards the house, fighting his own fatigue as he vowed to her that George would be found, and begging that she not give up hope. And while she recovered, the search continued, as did Matthew's investigation which sought to retrace the steps which might lead to the boy's whereabouts. For want of sharper minds was the good doctor recruited as detective, the local authorities serving more as associates in this deeply personal case. Among the first to come forward was Miss Baxter, still shaken three days after the incident. Her version of things revealed her the last to have seen George before the fire, her following of protocol (and genuine distress) ostensibly absolving her of any blame. According to the governess, a footman named Tom (one of several missing suspects) had removed George from the children's tent on the claim that the master required a word in private. Darcy was then summoned from his wife's bedside to confirm or deny this footman's claim, to which he answered that he'd had every intention of speaking with George "—but after the party," he added roughly. "Lizzy had told me he was distraught about…about Sam Cullen. I should have talked to him then. Had I done so…" He went silent, lip quivering with the intensity of his anguish and self-reproach. Matthew's brow knit in perplexity. "Who is Sam Cullen?" he asked, thus initiating a thorough explanation of the former handler believed to have a large role in the conspired act of villainy. "You could not have foreseen this, Darcy," Matthew assured him at the story's conclusion, "just as Miss Baxter could not have foreseen the footman's deception." "I should have trusted my instincts," Miss Baxter lamented. "I had thought it very strange, that Mr. Wickham should be summoned at the party's apex, but like a fool I took Tom at his word! After having lost sight of the master, I determined he must have gone indoors, and thus recommenced my duties. Mr. Wickham returned in so little time and in such good humor that I deduced all was well, that his happiness must be attributed to whatever was said at the meeting. Had I only trusted my gut feeling that something was amiss! Indeed, the fault is mine. Oh, Mr. Darcy, I am so sorry!" Darcy gave no response the woman's plea as Matthew fervidly contended, "You were extremely busy, Miss Baxter, with over a dozen young children to watch over. Surveying the master's every move would absolutely have been a dereliction of duty. You are not at fault." "Indeed, the gravest error was Darcy's," said Sir Frederick, just entering the room with Charles Bingley and John Russell as part of the returning search party gathering elsewhere to take refreshment, their skin and clothes smeared with soot, and grim expressions speaking to their lack of success. "You are out of line, Sir Frederick," said Bingley, "I daresay vicious to make that remark at such a moment." "He is right, Bingley," Darcy quietly argued. "I am a damned fool and deserve to be upbraided as such." Matthew brusquely excused the governess, who then quit the room in haste as the generally passive doctor, eyes flaring with antipathy, confronted Sir Frederick with the following: "Perhaps you might offer something more useful, Frederick, than the casting of blame." "Gladly," said Frederick, pausing to wipe his face with a handkerchief. "We were shown a miniature, as some in our party knew not the boy's face. Upon studying this little portrait, I absolutely started upon recognition; for it was the same boy I'd happened upon whilst en route to this manor four days ago. The likeness portrayed a young gentleman, smartly attired and cleaner than virgin silver. My own eyes, however, perceived a common stable boy, filthy and ragged as the man with whom he strolled, casually, towing that fallow of yours, Darcy, as if the chore were a perfectly natural and routine occurrence. I dare hypothesize the man was none other than this Cullen fellow you've been on about." John cut in with a sharp retort: "The camaraderie between Cullen and George has been well established, Sir Frederick. Mistakes have been acknowledged, and you are due no explanation of what you saw. If you mean to scold or shame my brother-in-law further, I suggest you join the others in the saloon." "On the contrary, Lord Russell, I mean to posit a theory I feel has not been considered; that young Mr. Wickham just might have been one of the conspirators." "The devil you say!" cried Bingley in outrage, then looking to his friend, "Darcy, you need not stand for this egregious allegation." "I make no allegation," Frederick returned. "It is not a charge, but merely a notion based on very limited understanding," his voice lowered to add, "as well as a fair bit of history with the boy's namesake. You are a good, kind man, Mr. Bingley, but you are no clairvoyant, nor am I. Of the men in this room, only Darcy knows whether my theory is sound, or it is madness." Eyes went to Darcy, who, after several moments, replied softly, "It is not madness." "Ha! There, you see!" "But I do not believe it," Darcy more firmly asserted. "If…If my nephew is still alive, which I am positive that he is, I believe him taken against his will, that he was groomed, cajoled, and ultimately lured into an involvement of which he is wholly innocent, if not ignorant. No, he is not among the perpetrators. Wherever George is, he is frightened, and probably suffering…" On the verge of tears, Darcy was forced to swallow the lump in his throat. He rose abruptly from his seat, and then went away in as much haste as Miss Baxter, leaving three of his relations to further confront the outsider ready and eager to defend his position. "Well done, sir," said Matthew facetiously. "Your contribution, as always, has been highly beneficial." "What I said was out of the utmost concern for this whole godforsaken dilemma," Frederick argued passionately. "You think I am heartless?" He pointed towards the exit. "That I've no love for that man, no sympathy for what he and his family suffer? He said it himself, Dr. Fitzwilliam: 'It is not madness,' and why? Because he knows, just as you and I do, exactly where, and more critically whom that boy comes from. That was the grave error of which I spoke, Darcy's well-meaning disregard of the blood which pumps through that boy's veins." "You call him 'that boy' one more time, Frederick, I swear to God…" "What? What will you do, Matty Fitzwilliam? Come on then!" Bingley swiftly stepped between the two men near to trading blows, arms outstretched to hold them at bay. "Enough! Sir Frederick, I'll not argue the late Wickham's reputation, nor shall I refute that you knew him—" "Barely," Matthew snapped, "and by happenstance, certainly not willingly. He looked down on George Wickham, looked down on my uncle Darcy for loving him, as the Blackwells look down on anyone two rungs below royalty." He stared daggers at Frederick. "And on not one occasion was Wickham honored with your respect. Not a word. You only mocked him—berated him!" "And what became of him?" cried Frederick. "What becomes of an indolent hustler, a seducer and a whorehound, a degenerate gambler who finds himself at the business end of a dueling pistol? And when such men are finally, mercifully dealt with, what do you suppose becomes of the progeny they leave behind? It is a vicious cycle! This contemporary notion that the savage can be civilized, that a perfect blend of benevolence and cultivation can make gentlemen of peasants, is idealistic (and clearly destructive!) nonsense. From the boy's arrival was the Darcy design as doomed to failure as the generation before. A man cannot secede from his own bloodline—for that is what determines his proclivities, and ultimately his destiny, the ancestral blend which produces our greatest good, and greatest evil." "You are wrong, sir," John abruptly interceded, prompting Frederick and the others to meet his austere aspect. "With respect, Lord Russell, I am not wrong. And you of all people should concur. Your own line, in all its rich history, does include a good number of, well…" "Scoundrels? Wastrels? Degenerates?" "I've no wish to condemn your family, sir." "You just did, sir. The Darcys are my family, as are the Fitzwilliams, the Bingleys, all whom I hold dear, not excluding this peasant boy you see so fit to disparage." "I disparage no one! I speak with total impartiality, and with the hope that such incidents as these may be avoided in the future." "You insult me, as well. By your objective rationale, Sir Frederick, I too am poisoned and thus doomed to disgrace, just like my father and brother." "I concede that the curse of bad blood afflicts the majority, whilst a lucky minority are spared. You, Lord Russell, are a blessed contrast to His Grace and Lord Thornhaugh. You lead a good, moral life, and yet you reject the marquessate in favor of a lesser title, still honoring a brother as if he still lives, and dishonoring your heritage in the process." "Titles," Bingley rejoined, "are as trivial as blood, Sir Frederick. Interpersonal connections are what truly matter. A family is made of love—not pedigree—respect—not fortune—affection—not distinction. It exceeds everything: the demands of station, the duties of position, the scrutiny of society. Nothing is mightier than a family bound by love. Nothing is more liberating than the defiance of a convention which constantly seeks the approval and consideration of strangers. A family needs only one another, and to hell with all the rest." Frederick folded his arms, stiff as steel, the very model of stubborn indignation. "I respectfully disagree, sir. I believe in duty, and shall teach my son as I was taught, to carry on the Blackwell name, to both preserve and elevate the station to which we have ascended over the course of centuries." "And the stations of others best to remain stagnant," countered Matthew, "for the greater good, of course." Frederick ignored the dig, saying to John, "Your name, despite all misfortune, represents generations' worth of glorious service to the Empire. I've no doubt the Russells, while presently at a low point, are set to rise again, as a phoenix from the ashes, with you as the Duke of Bedfordshire…when the time comes." "When my father expires, you mean. Or when he crawls out of obscurity long enough to renounce his title; that is, before Parliament succeeds in stripping it from him." "Please let us not pursue such unpleasantness, Lord Russell. Please accept my apologies for offending you. Truly, I mean no offense to anyone, least of all this poor youth. Let us reoccupy our thoughts and efforts with him." "No family is cursed!" John spiritedly exclaimed. "My father, as all men, bears the consequence of his choices, not of a tainted bloodline. And my brother, while far from perfect, was a man of principle, with a brilliant mind and passion for a life that was as cruel to him as he was to himself. He was not a devil as they all claimed. He was not a defect, and neither is little George." "I shall say no more, sir," submitted Frederick, who, after a moment's silence, blurted out, "though I should hardly call a cold-blooded murderer a man of principle." John advanced, fists raised and face flushed with anger, before Bingley and Matthew took hold of him, bidding he calm himself while his antagonist assumed a defensive stance. "That was never proven!" John gritted out, wresting himself from their grip. "You know the official report, but of the truth you are as ignorant as all the other hypocrites my brother despised." "Is that so? Then pray enlighten me, Lord Russell. What is the truth? What really happened that day Thornhaugh jumped to his death?" John opened his mouth, presumably to answer, but then fell silent at Matthew's cautionary utterance of his name. Then said the doctor, "This business was laid to rest long ago, nearly ten years. The report is the truth, and no purpose can be served in reassessing it. As for Thornhaugh, well, every perception of him shall remain unaltered, his exploits to remain the stuff of myth and legend till the passage of time drives his memory into darkness. Right, John?" John answered with a tentative nod of his head, muttering, "Forgive my outburst, gentlemen. I know not what came over me." "You are exhausted, as we all are," said Bingley. "We should take some time to rest and replenish before resuming our efforts first thing in the morning." Declared Frederick, "I need only four hours' sleep, a crust of bread, and a warm bath." "Ah, the ol' Blackwell spirit," said Matthew flippantly. "'Win or die,' as your father would say." Frederick flashed him a fierce glare before replying, "Darcy caught my wife when she fainted. Dead or alive, I shan't relent till his nephew is found and my friend at peace. What say you, gentlemen?" John and Bingley looked at one another, eventually coming to an agreement to reconvene within five hours, no longer. On his way to the bedroom, Darcy panicked at the sudden appearance of his children. On their advancement he pivoted towards the empty end of the hall, wiping the moisture from his reddened eyes. "What are you doing?" he cried, motioning for them to come no further. "Go back to the nursery at once! Mrs. White!" Promptly the nanny's voice was heard explaining that they had fled the room after hearing footsteps. "Come away, children," the woman ordered to their vehement protests, Janie demanding to know if George was still missing. After several pleas, Darcy answered her, calm as he could manage, "Yes, my love, but not for long; now go along with Mrs. White." "May we help, Papa?" asked Malcolm, the cry in his voice nearly dropping Darcy to the floor as a punch to the gut. In the firmest tone was his order repeated, all but the eldest told to be gone lest they bear the repercussion. Said Darcy, once their solitude was intuited, "Ben?" "Yes, Papa?" the boy answered, heard sniffing back tears. Darcy gathered his last bit of resilience to say, evenly, "Be strong now, son. I am relying on you to look after your brother and sister. Soothe them. Tell them not to fret. Assure them we are doing all we can, and that George shall be recovered by and by. Dry your tears, sir. It is on your strength they must rely. Understand?" "Yes, sir," was Ben's half-whispered reply before he was told to join his siblings in the nursery. Once he was alone, Darcy swiveled back around and resumed his walk to the bedchamber. Quietly he entered the darkened room in which is wife was immersed in a restless sleep, barely covered for the endless shifting of the bedclothes. Drawing closer, he took note of the tray resting on the nightstand, the bread unbroken and broth barely touched. "Darling," he whispered, positioning himself on the edge of the bed. "Sweetheart, you must eat. Please, my love…" He lay a hand on her hair, the other raking over his grizzled face. At his gentle stroking, she startled. "William? George?" she said, raising up slightly. In the vagueness her eyes found his. "Have you found him? Is he safe?" He shook his head, tearing off a bite of bread and then bringing it to her lips. "Please, darling. Eat this." She pushed it away, curling into a tight ball, hands pressed over her face. "Oh, George," she moaned, "where are you?" "Shhhh, he will be found, my darling," Darcy's voice cracked, "I swear it. Take nourishment, I beg you. We must keep up our strength." He popped the bread into his mouth, chewing once or twice before swallowing it down forcefully. "For George, you see? Now you, Lizzy. Go on." "What if he is dead, William? What if—oh, my poor, dear George! I promised to keep you safe! I promised Lydia! Oh, God…" With her sobs fell the last vestiges of Darcy's fortitude. With a whimper he crushed her to his breast, rocking her gently as they wept together, coiled as knotted vines in a desperate embrace.
"Oi, Wickham…" The whisper grew louder. "Georgie boy! Time to wake up!" With another firm nudge the nightmarish visions were slain and George stirred into consciousness, head aching and thoughts a muddle. Fear gripped him as his eyes opened to near total darkness, the scarce few slivers of light piercing through a boarded up window. George shot up, chest heaving and arms reaching. In terror and confusion he cried out, struck by the feel of a hard floor beneath him, his only cushioning a thin blanket, and nostrils attacked with the moldy smell of rotted wood. It took a few seconds for his eyes to fully adapt, finally making out the shadow perched over him. "Rise'n shine, Mr. Wickham! Time for breakfast!" "Sam!" George felt around, desperately, feeling smothered beneath the beastly black shroud. "Light a candle," he begged. "Please, I don't like the dark. Sam—" "Steady on!" Sam took hold of his shoulders, his strong hold shocking him into stillness. "Ye' got nothin' to fear, lad—not with ol' Sam around. Now I'm go'na let ye' go, and ye' go'na be calm, yes?" A mute nod induced Sam to release his grip. Moments later, a single candle was finally lit, casting the faintest glow over their dank, minimal quarters. Confusion supplanted fear as George worked feverishly to put the pieces of his puzzled mind together. He made a quick study of his wardrobe, of a fine dress coat soiled, shirtsleeves and stockings stained a vulgar shade of brown, bottoms torn and dirtied. His impeccably shined shoes, now filthy and worn, were set carelessly at his feet; but even that paled in comparison to the dim and decrepit surroundings, the barren fireplace, the discolored walls full of cracks and openings where rodents had burrowed, the hopelessly decayed ceiling barely holding strong, the putrefied planks nailed over the glassless window… George's mouth fell open. "Sam—" "Don't worry," he said before the first of many questions leapt off George's tongue. "Ye' still at Pemberley. Well, the property, that is. Did you know 'bout this ol' cottage? Once belonged to a tenant; a farmer named Beedle, been dead these twenty or so years. Last of his family, no mates, lived all alone, just him and his mule, till he finally dropped dead of God-knows-what. House was so broken down the master condemned it. Now why would he do that, you reckon? S'good plot o' land, this. Why not restore the place, bring in a new tenant, get the farm back up to scratch? God knows he's got the means to. Ever notice how the rich ain't got the will to match their means? Lazy sods. Useless as a gun without a trigger, eh, Georgie boy? You hungry? Here, eat some of this bread. It ain't fresh, but it's all we got. Got a bit of porridge left, too. That should tide ye' over till nightfall." George did not catch half of Sam's speech; for he was far too dazed and too thirsty, his head throbbing. He smacked his dry lips and requested a drink of water, finding not the usual glass and pitcher at his bedside. A hip flask was placed in George's open palm. "Just a sip now," said Sam. "It's got to last till we get to Lambton." George frowned at the narrow vessel, a remembrance of Hertfordshire flashing before his eyes, of Mr. Hughes, the old soaker hired every winter by Mother to chop firewood for the coin to fill the flask he nipped from all day long. The fleeting memory brought tears to his eyes. "I want my mother," he whimpered. "You dry them eyes now," Sam whispered softly. "I been takin' good care o' ya. And once we get to Lambton, it's just another matter o' days till we're all rich as kings." "Lambton? I don't understand." Sam smiled. "Tell ye' all about it, Georgie boy. But first, drink up." George put the flask to his nose, and with one whiff threw it away, eliciting a loud curse from Sam as he swiftly went over to retrieve it. "Are you bloody daft? I just said it's got to last! Now it's half empty, ye' li'l bastard!" "That's rum!" George cried, then surveying the bowl of cold mush, "I don't even know what that is." "Porridge, I told ye'! Ain't you ever had porridge? No, 'course you ain't. Spoilt thing like you wakes up to fresh rolls and marmalade every mornin', bacon and eggs, hot chocolate…" "The bread's hard as a rock." "Do this look like a bloody bake shop? Frank went to a lot o' trouble in bringin' what li'l we's got. Go hungry if it pleases ye'—'sup to you!" "I'm sleepy…thirsty…and my head hurts…" Sam laughed. "Sounds like ye' brain's full o' mush as that bowl. Take some time to try and remember. You been asleep a bloody long time." "How long?" "'Bout three days now. Few spurts of consciousness here and there, but—" "Three days! How is that even possible?" "Don't start up again," Sam firmly admonished. "'Member what I said about keepin' calm." He then extended a brown bottle. "This helped." George stared until the label became legible. "Laudanum!" he exclaimed. "But that's…for three days! Sam—" His mouth was then smothered by a meaty palm, a loud "Shhhhhh!" stifling his muffled words. "I had to!" Sam whispered furiously. "You gotta believe me! And ye' gotta be quiet!" Sam slowly removed his hand, looking genuinely pained as he went on: "Ye' hurt me, George, ye' really do. Ye' think I'd of done it without a damn good reason? Ye' confused an' frightened—that's reasonable—but try lookin' at the bright side o' things. Ye'r in good health, ye' ain't alone, and we ain't here much longer, promise. Blimey! Who'd ye' think's been takin' ye' to the piss pot all this time? Me, that's who! Made ye' comfortable as I could manage. Ain't the nice soft mattress from ye' nice gentleman's quarters, but a wood floor ain't all bad. I slept on dirt half me life! Y'er better off than most. Do ye' some good, mate, to bear a li'l hardship. The poor live it every day; surely you can go a week. I'd never let nothin' happen to ye'. But I had to bring ye' out here, see?" "No, I don't see," George wearily replied, fingers massaging his temples, the effects of the potion still lingering. "I don't know how I got here, or why. I scarcely remember anything." "Right then. Tell me what ye' do remember." George squeezed his eyes shut, straining hard before answering, "Everything's so hazy, Sam," he slurred, "like a mad storm…in my head. Flashes appear…like lightening. The party…the recital. I remember Janie, Ben and Malcolm performing. I remember Aunt Georgie, and then…" Sam nodded encouragingly. "And then we met up in the maze. You was all proud that no one caught ye' sneakin' off. 'Member that?" "I think so." "You think you 'member, or you think no one saw ye'?" "Um…" "Never mind. If you was seen, we wouldn't be havin' this conversation, would we?" Sam chuckled, and then proceeded to fill in in the forgotten details of their conversation in the maze, George's fractured memory having retained but the smallest fragments. He had been angered, he recalled, by Sam's own recount of the beating he took, of the master's cruelty and cowardice confirmed with the raising of his shirt, where the scars were plainly visible… "And then," said George, "you…you snatched the lantern from my hand." "That ain't true!" Sam cried. "Ye' said ye' hated him, that he weren't y'er uncle no more, and you was comin' wit' me. 'Member that?" (George shook his head) "Believe me, boy. I tried talkin' ye' out of it, but you was bound an' determined. And then I told ye' what had to be done, and ye' gave up the lantern of y'er own free will. Never forced ye', no sir." "There was a burst of flame," George murmured. "You, Sam. You smashed the lantern to the ground. Why?" "I told ye', George. The plan was in motion. Whether you came along or not, I had to do me bit." "What bit? What plan?" "Listen to me, George. You said you was one of us now, that you was all in. Remember?" "I…the fire grew and grew…and then…" "Ye' gotta believe me, mate. You swore you was all in, but there was no time to explain." "You…knocked me in the head. I remember…" "For y'er own protection, boy!" Sam argued desperately. "You'd of been killed had I not done it. We was both in danger, and I had to stick to the plan; had to do me bit before it was too late. And it worked, George! It worked! Well, for the most part. All in all, nowt was hurt but the ye' noddle, a few acres, and y'er uncle's wallet. And now…now we's just a few days away from bein' rich, me an' you! And a few others." "Others?" "Frank, Basil, Tom, Gwen, Sally—and now you, George. Can't pull off a caper like this without a dependable crew, just like ye' can't get nowhere in the world without mates; and we's more than that now. We's family." "So the maze, it's…gone?" George choked out, eyes stung with tears. "Now, now…don't be all downcast. What's that place to you? Think about it, boy. Ye' uncle spent more on shrubbery than the gardeners what kept it up, more than me da' ever spent on me mum, on me, on me brothers and sisters, ten times more than a factory owner would ever spend on the labor what makes his fortune!" "But…" George wept, "…but I really loved that maze, Sam." "More than ye' best mate, Georgie boy?" "Well, no, but…" "Why I'd wager, come next year, that maze'll be bigger and better'n before. S'all about appearances with these upper class twits. They live an' love to show off. They don't care 'bout what's really important—not like us, George. Gardens, they die in the cold, then spring back to life, whereas a friendship like ours is…what ye' call it? Evergreen! Them Darcys are just relations—not ye' true family. Ye' don't even share their name. Ye' got no name, but ye' worth more than the lot of'em, far more than them sodding hedge rows. But do they see that? No! Ye' get not a word of appreciation! just orders an' rules, rules an' orders! But that was y'er ol' life, see? and y'er new one's just 'round the bend. Ye' want horses? We'll have the finest in England. Wanna be a sailor? We'll have our very own ship!" "Our very own ship," George slowly repeated. "Like…like a pirate ship? Like Blackbeard and…and the Queen Anne's Revenge?" "Aye, I suppose so. Was this Blackbeard a tough bloke?" George nodded weakly. "The toughest, cleverest, most infamous pirate on the high seas. He and his crew captured a French vessel and equipped her with forty guns." "We'll 'quip ours with eighty guns! and we'll sail around the world, havin' one adventure after another, only robbin' what them rich blokes can afford." "And no harm will come to anyone who surrenders. Right, Sam?" "That's right, mate—an' those who resist walk the plank. But first thing's first, George. I done me bit, they done theirs, and the fire…well, that bit's done, too. Hard part's over. Be thankful ye' slept through it. And they made off with a good bit o' treasure, they did! Gwen and Sally got the silver, and Baz and Frank got the jewelry, but—" "Aunt Lizzy's jewelry? All of it?" George frowned. "Even the diamond necklace Uncle gifted her last Christmas?" "Replaceable, George! All replaceable! They still got each other, their children, their home, all the love in the world…chin up! No harm done at all! Now I need ye' to listen good, Georgie boy. We won't get half of what the swag is worth. That's a problem. Tom thought he'd hit a fortune in that study, but he was wrong. All in all, we got way more product than coin. What's more, the nearest fence is in London." "London," said George, smiling. "I've always wanted to go to London." Sam ruffled his hair. "And you'll get your wish." "What's a fence, Sam?" "A mover. A buyer. Believe me, you'll learn everything in due course. I got a few connections, but we need more money, George. Real coin. Weren't but ol' useless papers in the cabinet an' 'bout three or four hundred in the desk; not nearly enough." "Tom broke into Uncle Darcy's desk? Oh, dear. I hope he didn't damage it too badly. Ben says it's more than a hundred years old; that it once belonged to his grandfather, and his great grandfather, and—" "Shhh, le' me think, boy. Four hundred at most, split between the seven of us. On that we won't get too far for too long." "Sounds more than enough to me." "But it ain't, George, believe me. That's where your bit comes in. Ye' may be just a boy, but ye' gotta pull ye' weight…and you're the most important of all of us, because ye' the only one what can write worth a damn." Feeling himself beginning to nod off, George lay back down. "I'm not terribly adept, actually. My cousins earn far higher marks in penmanship." "But that ain't an option, now is it?" Sam pulled him back up, shaking slightly, back into coherence. "Ye'r adept enough—an' useful! Ye' ain't got no name, but you are somethin' the rest of us ain't, an' that's educated." "Edward Teach—he was educated, too." "Who?" "Blackbeard." "Ah. Well, that's you then. You're a right scholar compared to the likes of us. Tom can write a little, but it's chicken scratch. I can only write me own name, and the others ain't no better. All we need is a short note for ye' aunt an' uncle." "A note? Like a ransom note?" "Precisely! But the pen, paper, ink…all that's in Lambton." "Is that—is that where the others fled to? Tom and Frank and…" "That's right. Never mind the exact spot, but that's where we's headin', and we gotta move quick. The search is on, now that the fire's out, an' it won't be long till they get to Lambton, startin' with the inns and boardin' houses." Sam pointed to the window, the slivers of light faded. "Sun's settin', George. Gotta leave soon. Better take off that frock coat an' un-tuck that shirt. Can't be seen with a boy what looks like a gent." George nodded in feeble compliance, and proceeded to follow his friend's order. He touched his neck to find his cravat already removed, the twisted length of cloth now part of the floor as the rat droppings. Sam helped him along, muttering vows of solidarity that were barely understood. In the swirling, perpetual daze lingered two prevailing thoughts: that his uncle Darcy was a villain, and Sam all he had in the world, his only means of survival and, apparently, of good fortune. "Ransom," said George. "Ransom means an exchange, does it not? I thought you said I was one of you now, Sam." "You are! I'd never let'em take ye' 'way, George. Frank and Baz have it all worked out, and in the end, we's gettin' you and the money. An' you know what else? Nobody's gettin' hurt. Ye' got me word on that. Just like nobody was hurt in the fire. That's enough questions for now, eh, George? From here on out, ye' gonna have to trust me." "Lambton's a long way off." "Just five miles or so. It's the perfect distance…not too close, like Kympton; not so far off as Matlock. But it's a walk, boy. A good, long walk. So ye' better eat up and have a sip o' that rum, 'cause you'll be needin' every bit o' strength come dark." "I'm—scared, Sam. Everything is happening so fast…" Sam took George's face between his hands, staring intensely. "Trust me, Son. And that's what you are to me, George—a son. Never had one of me own till now. I'd do anything in the world for ye'. All's I need ye' to do is return the favor. Just this once, bear out the dark, run quick as ye' can, and, above all, stick wit' me. I'll keep ye' safe, promise. Right, George?" "Right, Sam." George was out of breath not five minutes after they quit the cottage, his thoughts gradually becoming clearer as his insides burned with overexertion. "Sam," he panted as they cut through Pemberley Wood, Sam's long strides impossible to match, his grip on George's hand like a vice. "What is it?" "I'm so thirsty—I need—water—please—" "All out o' rum, boy. Try not to think about it. Just keep movin' ye' feet. We're so close. So bloody close." A few seconds later. "Sam…" "Bloody hell…what now, George? Pick up them feet, boy! Catch up! Ye' hear them hounds in the distance?" "That's—what I wanted to—ask about. Please—I have to rest! I can't go—any farther!" "Damn it, boy! Two minutes, no longer! Go and get behind that tree, there." George collapsed against a great oak, now fully sober and highly confused, sucking in mouthfuls of air as he labored to slow his heaving breaths. "Why has—my uncle—sent hounds?" "To find you, o' course," Sam replied. "I never counted on so many to come lookin' for ye'. Not this soon after the fire. Should've left the night before. Listen here!—the road to Lambton's just over that hill—then we can walk at our own pace. But for now, we gotta keep movin'! Now! Now!" The desperation in Sam's voice was as alarming as his forceful clutching of George's arm which triggered an instinctive resistance. He cried out, thrashing violently, but in the next moment was thrown into paralysis by a sudden, hard strike of a large hand across his face, the sting of it like fire against his cheek. Absolutely stunned, George could only stare mutely at this shadowed, monstrous figure, this man who had called him son, his best mate, his true friend. His lip quivered, tears fell, and he began to tremble, an ever-increasing sense of dread twisting his empty stomach into knots. Locked in an unyielding grip, George then felt rancid, ragged breath hot against his ear as Sam spat out: "If those dogs pick up your scent, I'm as good as dead! I'll be hanged, understand? Is that what you want, George? IS IT?" George swallowed, his mouth dry as tinder, and in the next instant felt himself being hoisted up and over Sam's shoulder. Though he wanted to cry out again, George refrained for fear of being struck even harder. He marveled at the sheer will and strength put into hauling him like a sack of flour up the pine-rich incline. Not a word was uttered as Sam, wheezing and gasping, took the hill in a mad dash, his movements frantic and unfaltering as he dodged one tree after another like a fox fleeing the hunters hard on his heels. The momentum was maintained even after reaching the top of the hill, Sam's steps slackened to a brisk jog until he finally announced, in a breathless laugh, that he could see the road to Lambton. "They ain't—picked up the scent," he cried, finally lowering George to the ground. "Ain't picked up—the scent—Georgie boy! Listen!" George did not reply. He was ordered again, sharply, to open his ears and listen. "I'm listening," he finally whispered, and sure enough the barking had faded in volume, down to the faintest echo. Once his breath was caught, Sam proudly repeated, "Ain't got the scent, boy. Ain't reached the Beedle house, not even close. Miles more acreage than manpower, and not enough dogs to cover it all! Ha! Serves ye' right, ye' greedy bastards! We can take our time now. Just keep close to the wood in case a carriage comes along. Still a way's to go yet." Sam wrapped his hand around George's slight wrist, tightly, towing him along as he towed Aries just a few days prior, back when they were still the best of friends, when George trusted him as he would his own father, had he known the man. When he had, just days ago, thought Sam an indispensable part of his life, now he truly feared for it, feared as the black void of darkness his monstrous captor with the vice-like grip on his limb. Sam was older, bigger, taller, vastly more powerful, while he, George Wickham, was scrawny and dim. Not a word of what Sam had told him, from months ago to this moment, could be trusted, and George sincerely believed he could no longer distinguish fact from fiction, truth from lie. He had not the strength to fight him, nor the brains to outwit him; moreover, he was crushed emotionally by the betrayal he could not reconcile. All of it, his kindness, his compliments, his good turns, was now fully understood to have been a trick—a ruse, as Miss Baxter would say. George's thoughts then turned to his uncle Darcy, who was looking for him, or at the very least had formed a search party of some kind. And a large one, according to Sam. Perhaps all was not lost. There was a chance. A slim chance, but a chance, nonetheless. Knowing not what else to do, George thought back on Sunday church services, stared up into the moonless night, and began praying in silence for someone—anyone—to come to his rescue. In mid-prayer, Sam finally broke the silence. "Sorry I smacked ye', Georgie boy. You know I'd never hurt ye'—not really. Ol' Sam just got a bit upset, is all. Me da' used to smack me 'round all the time. Don't mean nothin'. Just needed y'er attention, see? Else the whole plan goes to hell." "How much will you demand?" George murmured in response, a private Amen sending his prayer heavenward. "What's that?" "The ransom. How much?" "We ain't come to an exact figure yet. The others say five, but I reckon ten thousand." "Ten thousand! That is a terribly avaricious amount." "What'd I tell ye' 'bout that posh language, boy?" "It is doubtful my uncle would give up so much—not for me. His own children, most assuredly, but—" "Mrs. Darcy, she'll see to it. Y'er her dead sister's only child, heir to the family home. She's a soft spot for ye', and the master for her. We'll be paid what we ask." "Or what?" "Hm?" "Should you be refused, what will be done to me?" "Ain't what we do to ye', boy. It's what we convince them will be done to ye'. That's all what matters. No one, not even them Darcys, wants a corpse on their conscience, least of all their nephew's." "And what if…what if you were to just hand me back over once the ransom is paid?" "Hand ye' over? But you said you was all in, George. One of us now. Remember?" George snuffled and sniffed, tears coursing down his cheeks. "I don't want anyone hurt, Sam. I don't—want my own ship. I don't want to—rob people. I don't want to be a—pirate. I just want to—go home." He was sobbing now, which only added to his exhaustion, his thirst, and ultimately his fear when Sam replied: "I can't give ye' back, George. Can't risk it." "I won't say a word, I promise," George pled. "I'll—I'll tell them you saved me from the fire, that you're a good man. I'll tell them anything you want, just…please, Sam…" "Ah, George. It won't be so bad. Listen, once we get to Lambton, we'll get a nice hot meal and a good night's rest. Fresh start, tomorrow morning. You'll write the note, and then…" Sam slowed his steps at the appearance of two small lights in the distance, and then halted completely upon discerning, unmistakably, the pair of lanterns perched atop an unhurried, but steadily approaching carriage.
"Off the road," Sam ordered, twisting the boy's wrist to steer him into the thick brush bordering the forest. "Get down." George whinged and cried as Sam dropped them both into a mass of weeds, forcing the boy onto his belly and holding him in place with half his own body weight, one hand clenching the back of his neck. Though Sam's view was obscured from their worm's eye view, he focused hard, doggedly ignoring the ceaseless blubbering from beneath him. He really did regret the slap; not that he had a choice. No matter. In the end, it'll have all been worth it. So close. So bloody close. They were well concealed within the brush, the clip-clopping of hooves getting louder. Another whimper. "Quiet," Sam warned in his deadliest tone, finally silencing the boy. Raising up slightly, he cleared his line of vision, just able to make out the transport drawing closer. With surprise he perceived not a stately coach, but a common hackney. Two horses, one driver; one passenger, a faceless shadow, probably a bloke, but too dark to be certain. Sam was still deeply immersed in his study when he heard the boy whisper, very seriously: "Be perfectly still, Sam. There is an adder right next to you. Fatal bite." With the warning came a slight brushing up against his side, sparking an instant, violent response as Sam yelped and jerked away, flailing at the brush to scare off the unseen viper. "George!" he barked upon realizing he had been duped, his golden goose darting right into the open road, heading straight towards the oncoming carriage. "Damn you, boy!" Sam bolted after him, catching up just as the spooked horses reared back at the sudden impediment. George flapped his arms wildly, shouting, "HELP ME! HELP ME PLEASE!" at the top of his lungs. From behind, Sam threw one arm about his waist, the other hand clamping over his mouth. He hissed in the boy's ear, "I'll handle this," while the addled jarvey took command of his horses. "Make one more sound and I'll snap your neck, ye hear?" Once calm was restored, the jarvey cried, "Ho there!," shining a lantern on the pair now caught in a rather awkward and inexplicable position. "Beg ye pardon, sir," Sam uttered tamely, his hand covering half the boy's face and arm constricting him like a serpent. "Wot's this then?" snapped the driver now descending from his perch, lantern in hand, anger apparent. "The bloody hell you think you're doin'!" "It ain't wot it looks like, sir—believe me!" Swiftly Sam altered his stance, releasing his incriminating hold on George to stand by his side while maintaining a firm grip on the boy's wrist. Said Sam to the driver, "Boy's just havin' a fit is all, the naughty bugger. A thousand apologies to you and ye fare." "This your boy then?" "Aye, sir." The jarvey, clearly suspicious, maintained a careful distance as he continued shining his lantern. "Wot ye doin' out here this hour?" Over three days sequestered in that cottage, Sam had concocted a plausible tale for authorities and meddlers, but was not two words into it when a voice projected from within the cab: "Stop talking, please!" The voice no doubt belonged to a gentleman, smooth and refined as silver. It went on, "You there, sir…" "Me, sir?" Sam answered innocently. "Indeed, the obstruction in my path. Come over to the window, please. Let us sort this out, you and I." The jarvey interceded, his mistrustful glare fixed on Sam. "Don't think that's wise, sir. You had better let me—" "No worries, Mr. Wallace," said the unseen passenger in a light, friendly tone. "This shan't take long, I assure you. Your patience is most appreciated." Sam held his position, motionless, his hand still glued to George's wrist. "We're just on our way home, sir," he called out. "This boy…" He trailed off as a hand emerged from the window, forefinger beckoning. "Closer please," said the gent. "Oblige me with a gentleman's conversation. Shouting is so coarse." Sam cocked his head, eyes narrowed. "Why should we come to you? Why don't you come out?" "I would, sir, had I the strength to." Sam looked to the jarvey for confirmation of this statement. "S'true," said he. "He's weak an' ill. I'm strong as a bull, though; so if you try anything—" "He won't," the gent said with confidence. "We've nothing to gain from violence, while by means of civil discourse shall understandings be achieved. Conditionally, of course, and to our mutual benefit. I propose no exchanging of names or particulars, but would have you alter your present disadvantage with a face-to-face encounter; for you should be able to sketch mine with as much detail as we could sketch yours. That is fair, is it not?" Sam considered a moment. "Reckon it is." "Excellent. Back to your station, please, Wallace," said the gent. "Leave us a bit of light, if you would be so kind. Not too much. Thank you. Now you, sir. To the window, please." Guardedly, Sam walked George over to the gent's side of the cab, stopping right at the window, nowt between them but the door. "Take a good, long look, sir," said the well-mannered gent with a smile in his voice. Sam complied with caution, first making a quick inspection of the rather shabby interior before resting his gaze on the traveler, and finding himself astonished by the sight which toppled every expectation. The refined, commanding voice measured in no way to the arrestingly ragged bloke it belonged to, his appearance like that of an old mariner with his blackish beard extending just below the neck, sprigs of gray sprinkled throughout. Black hair peeked out from beneath his topper, meeting thick brows settled over the piercing dark eyes that adorned his pale, gaunt, weathered face. Committing his queer features to memory, Sam made a more thorough study, supposing his age between forty and forty-five and his height, were he standing, a bit taller than himself. He indeed looked sickly and frail, his brown overcoat concealing an almost skeletal frame. And possibly a weapon. "You may join me inside if you like," the stranger said kindly. "If ye don't mind," said Sam, "I'll just stand here, sir." "You mean we, correct?" "Aye, sir. Me and me boy here." "You are the father then? I should have known by the striking resemblance." The quip jostled Sam a bit, and he looked hard at this unnervingly measured bloke who was making his suspicions plain, but not his purpose. Sam watched him then extract a leather case from an inside pocket. "Cigar? I actually gave them up long ago, but maintain a reserve, you see. I give them out to new acquaintances." He extended the case, a warm, inviting smile spread across his whiskered face. Sam began to reach for one, but at the last moment jerked his hand back. "Er…thank you. I mean, no, thank you. Sir." The man shrugged, returned the case, and then continued: "They say, when establishing a rapport, that nothing is more important than the very first impression. And while I feel mine up to gentlemanly standards, yours was rather…dubious. Would you not agree?" Sam chuckled. ""Not the best, I'll grant ye. But this lad here…he can drive a man up a bloody wall." "Clearly. Listen, we've all places to be and things to do; so allow me to, first and foremost, condense this conversation with your admission that this boy is not your son. Then we may proceed." "Oh, but you misunderstood me, gov. I said he was me boy. Never said son." "Ah, that you did, sir." Another smile, as if to gladly acknowledge the lost point in whatever game they were playing. "Then claim you not relation, but guardianship then?" "Aye, for the time bein'." This bloke wants to play, then play we will. "Now I got a question for you, sir." Sam had fully expected a shifty response which he would then exploit, only to be disappointed when the man answered casually, "That is fair. Go right ahead. Ask as many as you like." Sam struggled a bit in his reply, the man's courtesy and poise as off-putting as his appearance. "Right. Now then. Y'er on the road to Pemberley." "Well observed. Not a question." "Gi'me a moment!" Sam gathered himself before continuing. "Bit late to be payin' the Darcys a visit, ye' reckon?" "Indeed it would be, were that my purpose." "Well, s'clear you wish to know my purpose, gov. So what's yours then?" "Now now, don't give up. You were getting warm. There is more than one family on this property, after all." "What, you a tenant? If so, ye missed the turn a way's back." "I've missed no turn, sir." "Ye do know the Darcys then." Not a question, bird wit! "I mean, don't you?" "Marginally. But I am not here for that family." "Only other one's up Summerhill. Them's the Russells." "Well deduced." "How'd ye know that lot?" "Long lost relation." "Bit hard to believe, that is. You don't look like no gentleman." "Keen eye." "But," Sam amended on second thought, "ye do talk like one." "Good ear." "Question is, how does an important soundin' bloke end up lookin' like you?" "I should be glad to answer, but the story is a long one, and my time rather short. I cannot but refer you to the proprietors in St. James's Square." "Ahhh, I see," Sam's look was of half understanding, half relief, as all the pieces fell into place. "Y'er one of those what ruined himself, ain't ye?" "Precisely. Card tables, horse racing and everything in-between. And now here I am, from prince to pauper, lower than dirt and worth even less." "So ye come to beg the duke's son for money, eh?" Sam had to smile. "Now that is my business," the man replied, "though not as lucrative, I'd wager, as your business with that boy." Sam's smile dropped at the sudden (and unwelcome) turn their conversation had taken. He was quick to explain, "This boy's run off from home again. Fourth time this month. Son of a lender out Lambton, he is. The Jew's hired me to track him down, bring him back home." "I see. On foot?" "Lost me horse out in the wood. Jew boy's damn slippery, one of them spoilt li'l devils what don't know his own good fortune, what never minds, what gives his da' no end o' trouble." "Dear me, what a pity," the man sighed. "Seems a right noble profession, retrieving privileged, wayward youths." "Puts bread on the table." "Only to have them fight you every step of the way, even stooping to pretense, shouting and flailing about as if he were in mortal danger, as if you had some nasty, ulterior motive, in effect putting his own protector at risk with such a reckless ploy." He shook his head sadly. "A true pity, what this generation has come to," then wagging a finger at the boy, "Shame on you, young man! And my respect to you, good sir, for your admirable, unenviable efforts." The man tipped his hat. Sam gave a nod in return, privately thrilled with the success of his con. "But the boy does look very tired," the man went on, "I cannot help but notice. As do you, sir. And with three miles yet to walk." "Plenty tired, gov. Lad keeps complainin' o' hunger and thirst. Gone and made himself ill for no reason but mischief." Silence fell between them as the man took a long spell staring at the boy, long enough to restore uneasiness, when out from beneath that scraggly beard surfaced a beaming grin, gaze rising to meet his, dark eyes squinting in amusement. "Perhaps he has finally learned his lesson, what?" Sam puffed out a breath of reassurance. "Aye, that he has, gov! That he has!" The two men shared a good laugh before Sam went on to say, "Listen, mate. We could help each other out. Need money? Give us a ride back into Lambton, an' the Jew'll pay you, too. He pays well." "Does he now?" The man pondered the proposal, clearly interested. "How much? More than what it would cost to turn this transport around, I should hope." "Oh, much more. Much, much more. Believe me." And then Sam conceived an amount no man could refuse, least of all this unlucky sod, whose approving smile effectively clenched Sam's place as the victor in their little game. Still holding fast to George's wrist, he glanced down at the boy who seemed resigned to whatever should befall them next, before returning his attention to the hard up gambler. "So wot' ye say, gov? Got room in there for two more?" With a decisive look and the following reply was their fate decided: "I do believe, sir, that we can be of use to one another. Step aboard, gentlemen." And the door was swung open to allow Sam and George access into the old hackney, their new friend moving aside to make room. It happened so fast: a sleight of hand, a dagger, a muffled scream…and then it was over. With nary a warning came the act of brutality that would forever haunt his memory, the image fleeting yet vivid as a firebolt. George was frozen in position within the confined quarters. Not a single thought beyond self-preservation ran through his mind between his entering the cab and present state of shock, his close proximity yet insufficient to presume him an adequate witness to what transpired; for he had been compelled to turn away just as swiftly, curling himself at the far corner with knees against his chest and eyes shut tight. For once he welcomed the protective cover of darkness (despite the soft glow of the lantern), speechless, petrified, hearing not but his rapid heartbeat in time to the heavy, wheezing breaths of the murderer. And then the man spoke. "Boy, are you hurt? Did he hurt you?" Had he heard correctly? For fear that he might not have, George did not answer. More movement: a slight rustling, more labored breathing, and then violent coughing smothered with a handkerchief…or perhaps a coat sleeve? Then a noise from outside. A sharp gasp, followed by a loud, blasphemous curse. The driver, George thought as the light was suddenly ripped away, turning faint darkness to pitch. More movement, two voices: one calm, one agitated. George kept still as possible, taking only the shallowest, quietest breaths. To speak, to even open his eyes, would mean certain death. He just knew it. He covered his ears, determined not to hear the exchange, but it was impossible not to catch one or three statements: "It is imperative the dagger not be removed," stood out above all. George prayed again. God protect me from the dreaded Blackbeard, dead these hundred years come back from the grave! His hands remained firmly pressed to his ears, blocking out the illicit conversation. Silently he sang to himself the first tune that sprang to mind, one his mother had sang to him as a little boy: Tommy was a Piper's Son, And fell in love when he was young; But all the tunes that he could play, Was o'er the Hills, and far away… More verses followed until finally, at long last was heard Blackbeard's voice addressing him in the kindliest, most assuring manner: "He is covered, young man, and it is quite dark. You will not discern much, should you should feel inclined to look." But George would not dare. "Or stay just as you are if you prefer," Blackbeard continued. "Just know you are safe. Pray allow me one more word with Mr. Wallace, and then we'll get you home." George remained immobile another minute before feeling it safe enough to uncurl his legs and open his eyes. Slowly he turned to see very little but shadows and outlines, making out, just barely, the sitting, leaning, blanketed corpse of Sam Cullen, naught of him exposed but a worn pair of boots. George whispered his name, making absolutely certain he was dead, which he was. Dead and stiff as wood; but done cleanly, it would seem. Not a visible drop of blood. It is imperative you not remove the dagger. But there was no telling where it was imbedded. The neck? The heart? He would never know. Still in shock, all he could do was stare. Far-away voices, again that of Blackbeard and the driver. Frightened as he was, George's instincts forbade him from fleeing lest he be the next victim. We'll get you home, he had said, but what did that mean? What was home to one able to kill another—a stranger!—with such ease? Surely not Summerhill as he had claimed. Good Uncle John and Aunt Georgie would never align themselves with the ghost of a murderous pirate. Would they? The voices quieted, and then footsteps were heard, followed by the opening of the door. "Where exactly do you live, young man?" asked the fearsome (and oddly frail) pirate leaning upon the door for support, his other hand resting on a walking stick. "Over twenty tenant farms here, I'm told. Which is yours?" George cleared his throat hoarse from shouting and parched with thirst. "None, sir," he rasped out. "Well it must be one of them," the spirit argued, and then made a closer inspection of George's wardrobe. "I beg your pardon, sir. I should have known. Dear me, I am faltering fast. You are no farmer's boy. No, indeed. Who is your father?" "He's dead, sir." "My condolences; but what I need is a name, young man, to find where you belong. Who are you? Louder please, sir." "George Wickham, sir." Now it was Blackbeard's turn to be shocked, apparently, for his already pale face went white as salt. "I see," he uttered softly. "What are you…" He suddenly began to heave, and then out came a handkerchief, which he coughed into for several moments. "Never mind," he said after the spell. "You are staying at the great house, I presume?" "I live there, sir. With my aunt and uncle Darcy." "Bloody hell," the man murmured under his breath. He then relayed this information to the driver before re-addressing George: "I am coming back inside now, Mr. Wickham. There is no other choice for me. You have my word no harm shall come to you. Do you trust me? Answer honestly." A pause, and then George shook his head. Blackbeard smiled. "Very wise. But you have my word, nonetheless." And with much effort, he hoisted himself into the carriage, taking a seat right next to Sam and across from George. "Wallace says it is only a couple of miles down this road." George said nothing, and did nothing but stare at the dreaded pirate settling comfortably into his seat. He rapped upon the roof, the carriage jerked, and they were on their way. "Your mouth is cracked as dry mud. Have a drink." "No!" cried George upon the sudden appearance of another flask. "No rum! No rum!" "It is only water," he calmly explained. "Belongs to the driver. He says have your fill," then shouting, "Tell him, Wallace!" "Just water, young sir, from me own kettle! Drink up!" Prolonged hesitation induced Blackbeard to wave the flask under his own nose, then George's. "Odorless, see? I know not the taste of rum, or any other spirit for that matter. Nothing stronger than Bohea tea. Splash of milk. Two sugars. That is my beverage of choice; but we must get on with what we have, now mustn't we?" George continued to stare at the offered bottle, truly torn between desperate thirst and the fear of falling prey to the infamous buccaneer. As if he had read his thoughts, Blackbeard released a deep, weary sigh. "Feel faint, Mr. Wickham? Dizzy? Confused? Splitting headache? Sore kidneys? All symptoms of severe lack of fluids. I have seen it all too many times. But I'll not force you. The decision is yours; I care not." His voice lowered to a whisper. "Best to exercise caution, for it is likely we mean you harm. We could be wandering gypsies, Wallace and I, poisoning obstructive youths at random. Perhaps this is a tasteless, odorless, deadly toxin. I should wager not, were I in your position. Only one way to find out, isn't there?" Blackbeard uncorked the bottle, reared back his head, and poured a good bit into his open mouth, spilling a few drops into his mass of whiskers. A firm swallow, a refreshed exhale, a hard wipe of the mouth, and then, "No such luck, boy. I am alive. Dash it all!" With that, George snatched the bottle from the man's grasp, wrapped his lips around it, and then drank the cool, refreshing water to the very last drop. Though nowhere near enough to quench his thirst, he could easily say it was the best drink of his life.
It was a cold, clear evening, the third without little George. Elizabeth, red-eyed and weary, sat in the nursery, watching her children sleep, her maternal instincts propelled into an irrational preoccupation with keeping them safe and sequestered while the exhaustive hunt for her nephew continued. Her husband had been out since dusk with the rest of the searchers, this time with the aid of foxhounds to pick up the boy's scent. The general outlook was bleak as it was universally acknowledged, rather in looks than actual words, that each passing hour pulled him farther out of reach. But if Darcy, upon leaving Elizabeth's side, had even the smallest expectation of failure, he expressed to her no hint of such a feeling. Their farewell had reminded her of that day in Lambton, when Fate materialized his presence mere seconds after she was hit with the dreadful news of Lydia's elopement. Never would she forget his kind words, face fixed in restraint and resolve, then interpreted as a reticent acknowledgement of her family's disgrace, but in actuality a steadfast determination to set things right, and for no viable prospect but the restoration of her tranquility, his own reliant upon her ease of conscience and peace of mind. That same look would reappear just a few years into their marriage, namely on Lydia's next folly performed within her period of lamentation subsequent to the presumed death of her husband, a time when her passions and whims inevitably reached a level beyond reckless, indeed beyond comprehension. In widowhood she had somehow become an even mightier force of nature, in spite of (perchance because of) all forbiddance, her resentment over that which provided the desired sympathy, but a reviled scarcity of amusement, inducing a conduct best described as Lydia-like in its perversion. Elizabeth, having reached her wits' end, thus saw little recourse but to sanction her removal to Cheapside under the care and authority of the sensible Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner, who had vowed to administer the discipline their niece so sorely required. But, alas! their well-meaning aim to hold Lydia in check was doomed to failure, as the best laid plans often are, the promised pleasures of Town proving irresistible to the starry-eyed simpleton of nineteen. Again Darcy had been compelled to act when—again!—she absconded in the name of romance, this time to the unforgiving streets of London, headlong into a perilous jaunt with another charming, but far more sinister scoundrel, this one secretly bent on selling her to the highest bidder. It had driven Darcy to the edge of reason, even sanity, the very notion that his sister-in-law would walk into – not a tryst – but a hell of her own free will, wholly unwitting as before of the misery that awaited her, blind to everything but her own indulgence. Further maddening was in finding himself powerless over her clever captor, Darcy's connection to the criminal underworld insufficient to even tempt the villain with a sizeable payout. Under tremendous threat of violence, he had been forced to retreat from the raucous gambling den, hearing her carefree laughter just one room away. But, disheartened as he was, there was no giving up, no possibility of surrender as he then proceeded to exhaust every accessible resource from outside the venue, his resolve to wrest Lydia out of evil's grip impelling a plea to the devil himself, a foe of foul reputation far wiser to that which the genteel Mr. Darcy could not fathom, much less correlate. For a selfish girl's rescue he would cast aside every principle ever taught, putting his very soul at risk in a desperate appeal to a gambler, a rogue, a suspected murderer, and brother of the good man his sister loved and later wed. In biblical form, the devil came through in a timely manner, but at an extreme cost as Lydia was dropped like a wounded lily on the Darcys' doorstep, physically sound, but mentally broken. She would never fully recover from the horrific ordeal (the details of which forever repressed), and duly fell her animal spirit from its dizzying height, replaced thereafter with trepidation, excessive caution, and a persistent urge to safeguard the one standing light in too dark and too cruel a world to be understood. And that light, the final vestige of Lydia's untamed spirit, now stood to be extinguished as well. George had loved his mother, but, as it was with his father, never really knew her, knew so little of the nature quelled primarily for his benefit, and not a whit of the wildness directly accountable for his existence. The omission was recognized by all as a calculated one. In fact, Lydia, on her deathbed, had drawn a promise from Elizabeth; to let the memory of her tempestuous youth remain unbeknownst to little George, to let his father's memory be the ideal every boy deserves, and, above all, to let no harm befall the son she had come to adore above her own yearnings. Elizabeth, in tearful reflection of her failed promise, had not realized she had fallen into a doze when Lydia's ghostly white image was scattered with the frantic whispering of her name. "Mrs. Darcy!" the feminine voice repeated. "I've wonderful news! Wake up! Wake up, ma'am!" It was the forcefulness of the command that drove Elizabeth from her chair, Miss Baxter instantly taking her spot. "I'll sit with them, ma'am. Make haste to the entrance hall! Oh, praise God! Mr. Wickham is come back!" Elizabeth's gasp nearly woke the children, and she slapped a hand over her mouth to stifle an emotional outburst. An instant later she took to the hall, still dreading the worst despite the report. In full sprint, she cried, "George! George, sweetheart!—Anna!" She was met by her breathless housekeeper and former lady's maid whom she would ever regard, irrespective of propriety, as more friend than servant. Elizabeth grabbed the woman's reaching hands, her look desperate and hopeful. "He is alive, ma'am," Anna announced. There were happy tears in her eyes. "Alive and aware." "Aware…but unwell?" Waiting not for a reply, Elizabeth ran past her through the massive hall, and from thence to the grand staircase, where she descended at a record pace. She reached the foyer where a good group was gathered, the door wide open but shielded by two footmen. A glimpse of Kitty and Lady Marina was caught amongst the cluster as Elizabeth's searching eyes found the boy as a magnet to metal. There George stood in the middle of the room, arms locked around his auntie Jane's neck as she held him close, raining tender sentiments over the shaken, whimpering youth. Upon reaching them, Elizabeth fell to her knees, catching her breath, heart near to bursting. "George, darling," she whispered, arm reaching to pet his soiled, scruffy hair, her feelings rather that of thankfulness for his return than alarm over his urchin-like appearance. But there was no inclination to celebrate, not yet. So many questions to be answered, and so little idea of where to begin…or when. Certainly not now, when the poor boy was stirred to his core, and in a manner so sorely reminiscent of poor Lydia on the night her own life was changed forever. George fell quiet, still clinging to his good, pure angel, drawing comfort from her sweet words and protective embrace, his outward appearance revealing but a fraction of the suffering within. Aware, but most definitely unwell. Elizabeth could speak from experience to that certainty, and could therefore only observe him with quiet compassion, stunted with heartbreak whilst Jane loved liberally as always. Kitty and Marina soon joined her in fawning over the boy as a doting pair of mothers would their own children after a bad fall. But their show of affection was short-lived, as luckily Anna had the good sense to realize cooing and cossetting was no substitute for the services Dr. Fitzwilliam could provide, and thus snapped into action with her mistress's hearty approval. While that chore was being tended to, Elizabeth calmed enough to effectively survey the immediate premises. Oddly enough, none in the rescue party were in sight, only her present company of ladies and a few servants, including the butler who, from his station just beyond the front entrance, was heard shouting at the darkness, "Do have patience, sir! Mrs. Darcy must be allowed time with the boy! She will hear your request, I assure you!" The two footmen cleared a path for Mr. Bridges to enter the hall, his face knit with frustration as he advanced towards her. Elizabeth rose to her feet, eyes fixed to her approaching manservant, choking back the overwhelming feeling that an ominous presence still hovered above her household, that this happy outcome hardly denoted the end of their troubles, but more likely the opposite. "Mrs. Darcy," said Bridges, "pray forgive me for not receiving you earlier." "Hang propriety, Bridges! for I doubt it played any party in my nephew's return, which is all I care about at present." "Of course, ma'am, and I shall provide you every bit of intelligence I have. Mr. Wickham arrived by hackney approximately five minutes ago. He exited the transport alone, and was let into the manor by footman after a simple knock on the door. I went out to greet the carriage now stationed out front, driver and single male passenger as yet unidentified. The latter, when I explained a party was out searching for the boy, then demanded an immediate and private audience with you, Mrs. Darcy, as if he was quite used to giving orders without dispute. He even tried to delay the dispatching of riders to inform the searchers of Mr. Wickham's return, but I refused to accommodate him. He was most displeased." "Why should this man wish to delay such an order?" "I cannot tell you, ma'am. Thus far my every inquiry has been met with resistance and ambiguity." "And the searchers, when might they be expected to return?" "I know not, unfortunately. Given a pack of hounds and thousands of acres, I dare not venture a guess. Very soon, I hope." "Rarely have I seen you so agitated, Bridges. Pray speak plainly; for it is clear you find something untoward about this man who returned my nephew." "I do indeed, ma'am, as I would any man who arrives in the dead of night, unloads a lost child, refuses to give answers, details, or as much as a name, demands a word with my mistress alone, and desires to suspend the master's knowledge of his own ward's homecoming." "Fair enough, I suppose." Elizabeth endeavored futilely to look beyond the threshold, the night forbidding any semblance of clarity. "What is your ultimate assessment of this man, Bridges?" "My best deduction, ma'am, is that he desires to negotiate with you a substantial reward." "Is that all? Well then, a reward he shall have, Mr. Bridges, if he is indeed our George's rescuer." "It would appear that he is, ma'am, but appearance is all we have at present. Beyond his impertinent manner, I know not what to make of the picture he presents, that of an unshaven, decrepit drifter with a gentleman's tongue. I cannot but find the contradiction unsettling. Should he be aboveboard, I still could not possibly recommend you meet with him unguarded. Indeed, I would beg you not to, Mrs. Darcy, with all my heart." "You would do well to listen to him, Lizzy," said Lady Marina, having listened to every word of the exchange. "Appearances are unreliable, and so let us instead review the particulars, shall we? Would a true rescuer be so cryptic, so reluctant to ingratiate himself, to share his story in full, exonerating detail? to even provide a name? Perhaps we might ask little George exactly—" "No," said Elizabeth with a firm shake of her head. "We shall leave him be." Both ladies started when George suddenly murmured, "Blackbeard." They turned to him, and Elizabeth repeated the name to confirm that she had heard correctly. "I forgot to thank him," the boy muttered through chapped lips in a low voice, holding Jane's hand while Kitty checked his pallid forehead for fever. "He must think me terribly rude," he further rejoined. "Will you thank Mr. Blackbeard for me, Aunt Lizzy?" "Of course I will, dearest," Elizabeth promised just as Dr. Fitzwilliam came jogging into the room. He knelt to the boy, and within three seconds declared him acutely dehydrated and malnourished. Orders for food and water were dispensed as Matthew then gathered him up and took him away, the boy promptly fainting in his arms. "He will live," declared Matthew over the ladies' cries of concern, the oath repeated until he was up the stairs and out of sight. Elizabeth was confident enough in her brother-in-law's skills to revert her attention to the matter still left unresolved. "I shall meet with this Blackbeard," she affirmed, and then breezed past Bridges towards the uncertain darkness awaiting her beyond the threshold. She stepped out onto the portico with the butler at her side, the soft flickering of his lantern offering a murky view of the conveyance parked at the gravelly expanse below, its driver perched and passenger standing just outside the door. She descended the steps, eyes straining to make out this muted figure who, from what little detail she could gather, looked every bit of a weather-worn sea farer, though not ostensibly as menacing as the infamous Scourge of the West Indies. Cloaked in dark colors from head to toe, the angular Mr. Blackbeard leaned heavily upon his walking stick, unmoving, but with a look of urgency about him. "Just the missus, I said!" the visitor snapped at Bridges before addressing Elizabeth in a milder tone, "Your man may view us from atop those steps if it eases you, Mrs. Darcy. While I expect from you no measure of confidence, what I have to say must remain between the three of us alone." He indicated his driver. "At least for now." "I consent to that, sir," said Elizabeth, turning away briefly to have Bridges go and stand as requested. On his reluctant retreat, she resumed her steps towards this unkempt stranger of audible refinement. "My nephew wished for me to convey to you his gratitude, sir—" "Come no closer." The sharp command was accompanied by a raised palm and straightforward stare. She halted as ordered, and between them was maintained about three yards' distance as he hurriedly said, "Time is of the essence, Mrs. Darcy, and I've none of it for pleasantries. I beg you ask no questions, listen carefully, and answer quickly. Against my very judicious instruction"—he paused to throw a glare at Bridges—"a sizable party of men are expected to return ere long. Thus, for the next course of action to succeed, pains must be taken to prevent those men catching sight of this carriage for reasons better left undisclosed. Please, madam—do not speak. Listen closely, consider carefully, and then decide. I am confident you will do what is best, Mrs. Darcy;for I know you to be sturdier than you are delicate." "You…know me, sir? How…?" He pressed a finger to his lips to shush her. "Leave it, I beg you. Understand that I claim no heroism. Far from it. I should call my part in the boy's rescue a mixture of happenstance, intuition, and the election of violence to thwart an outcome undesirable to any one of us, least of all your nephew. I know not the circumstances leading to his abduction (as it clearly was!), and of the abductor I know only the name I managed to obtain from the boy." He then said the name, which provoked enough of a reaction for him to add, "This name then means something to you, Mrs. Darcy? A simple yes or no will do." "Yes," she answered roughly. He gave a nod, and in one lithe movement then extracted a pocket watch, studied it briefly, and said, "Well, as of three-and-twenty minutes ago, neither the name nor its late bearer need be any concern to you, your household, or any being on earth, should you follow my next instruction." She took in a sharp breath, as much by the insinuation as the gesture which thrust her into the past, to King Street in London, at a ball held in Almack's Assembly Rooms more than ten years ago. Georgiana's coming out ball! the soiree of the Season which left a pregnant Elizabeth exhausted, ill, and ready to bid the Quality adieu after a snobbish quip made by one of several she-devils in attendance. Unable to find William, she had raced from the venue for a breath of air, which then led to an encounter with a quirky marquess strangely fixated on his pocket watch. In another blend of happenstance and violence, Elizabeth had been made to witness the nobleman assault another over an unsettled debt, the marquess then calmly and kindly warning her to take herself indoors lest she be locked out, and later timing to the second their latching of the doors and shutting out of his debtor, his expression gleeful as he counted down. His voice! his expression! that watch! But, no, it could not be! not him! for that man is long dead! as dead as Blackbeard himself! She stared at the haggard man before her, so tempted to take another few steps to be certain, to look deeply into his sunken eyes and— "Mrs. Darcy!" cried Mr. Blackbeard in as severe a tone as she had ever heard. "I repeat there is no time, do you understand? Please indicate you are still listening. Are you?" "Y-yes," she stammered, heart pounding, and in a voice cold and hard as ice, Mr. Blackbeard continued: "Good. Now tell me, do you feel this Mr. Cullen"—he knocked a fist against the door for emphasis—"worth a proper burial? Do you feel him worth the involvement of officials, constables, courts, bureaucracy, expense, anguish, and other vexations sure to accompany a more formal proceeding? or might we dispense with the problem here and now with a mere transaction?" Transaction? thought Elizabeth, her eyes darting up to the driver gazing down at her intently from his perch. Mr. Blackbeard went on: "The site is settled on, and the ravine is deep. He will never be found, and never more shall he be spoken of. Life may continue, your nephew, your family left to heal and flourish. All that remains, Mrs. Darcy, is the inducement." A quick glance at the driver. "You may rely on his secrecy, but I implore you be generous. Had I sufficient funds, this whole blessed business would be over with already. However…" He was abruptly interrupted with an attack of uncontrollable coughing thus compelling the swift removal of a handkerchief to muffle the spell which reddened what little of his face was unobscured. "What say you, Mrs. Darcy?" he rasped when the spell subsided. "You must answer, madam, and well before the return of those who stand to complicate this matter exponentially." A decision was reached in that instant, Elizabeth flashing the driver a fierce expression. "I am most grateful for the safe conveyance of my nephew, sir, and should like to offer you a gratuity for your services." The driver tipped his hat to her, and next an order was executed for the hasty procurement of a special reserve known only to Bridges, Anna, Elizabeth, and her husband. Nothing more was said, nor did she bother counting what was in the delivered purse summarily handed off to the silent, patient driver, who took the slightest peek inside before making a face of supreme satisfaction. "Much obliged to ye, m'um. Goodbye." He then whipped his horses into a gallop, the carriage (and Sam Cullen, it would seem) speeding down the torch-lit drive, onward through the black curtain of night, and disappearing forever. Not that their ordeal was over, of course, a fact made plain mere seconds later, when Blackbeard asked, "Has a doctor been sent for?" "Sir?" she replied, still shaken by what she had just done. She looked at the man. His back was turned, having followed along with her the hackney's swift departure. "For the boy," he clarified. "For Mr. Wickham." "He is being treated as we speak, sir. We are blessed to have a physician currently in residence. Doctor Fitzwilliam. You might remember the gentleman." She watched his head hang down, briefly. After a expelling a deep breath, Mr. Blackbeard turned back around to face her, his cane ostensibly serving as the only thing holding him upright. He labored to speak against increasing (and further crippling) fatigue. "The returning party—certainly your husband—shall require a thorough explanation, and so you must rely on your wits to provide them a satisfactory one. Pray is my brother among them? among the party?" "Lord Russell is indeed among them, sir." "Good. When you see him, do tell him…tell him…" His eyes rolled back in his head, knees buckling, inducing her to jerk forward to prevent him from collapsing into a heap. She captured him just under the arms as he leaned into her, knees hitting the ground. "Tell John I desire a word," he mumbled half-conscious. "Sir!" Elizabeth cried, lowering his head gently to the pavement. "Sir, can you hear me? Lord Thornhaugh! Malcolm!" He moaned softly, and then was out completely.
