(this is of course, fanfiction. I have no rights to any of Jane Austen's work.) . . . . . . . Mutual Pride ... "Her favorite walk, and where she frequently went while the others were calling on Lady Catherine, was along the open grove which edged the side of the park where there was a nice sheltered path, which no one seemed to value but herself and where she felt beyond the reach of Lady Catherine's curiosity." (Jane Austen pt. 2 ch. 7) "More than once did Elizabeth, in her ramble within the park, unexpectedly meet Mr. Darcy. She felt all the perverseness of the mischance that should bring him where no one else was brought, and, to prevent its ever happening again, took care to inform him at first that it was a favorite haunt of hers. How it could occur a second time, therefore, was very odd! Yet it did and even a third …" (Jane Austen pt. 2 ch. 10) Chapter 1 When Fitzwilliam Darcy caught sight of Miss Elizabeth Bennet walking in the grove ahead of him he was happily satisfied. He made his presence known with a polite greeting and quickened his pace to join her. That he would soon be in her company again was just the break he needed. His aunt, Lady Catherine De'Bourg, seemed to be living under the assumption that he came to Kent every Easter for her advice, rather than to check up on her. She was an intelligent woman but had not been raised to run an estate like a male heir would have been. His father used to come out every year to go over her books and see that the steward was not taking advantage, so Darcy's continued visits were just one of the many responsibilities that he had inherited from his father. If only Lady Catherine would realize this Darcy thought, maybe she would stop offering quite so much advice! But had to admit to himself that even then, it would be unlikely for his aunt to hold herself back. After all she did not scruple to offer constant advice to Miss Bennet, a person wholly unconnected with her and without any particular interest in her guidance. Only then did he realize he had been walking next to Miss Bennet for some minutes without saying anything. Slightly embarrassed to have been so silent, Darcy said the first thing that came into his head. "How do you enjoy Hansford society, Miss Bennet?" Though the question felt a little abrupt, he hoped to see her speak of the people here for her eyes always seemed to light up when talking of people and their little eccentricities. He had noticed often how much she seemed to enjoy people in general. How he admired that. How he envied that! "I am afraid, Mr. Darcy, that I cannot speak much on this subject as I am at the disposal of Charlotte and my cousin, who are not very much in society." Elizabeth Bennet answered, but then her eyes did sparkle, and her mischievous dimple appeared as she added "but what society I have been exposed to has been very generous and attentive." Darcy nearly laughed. How he loved it when she teased. For of course, her comment was a tease about his aunts uninvited assistance in all matters. How much longer could he hold out against her charms? For a moment he couldn't tear his eyes off her face. Her face alight with amusement, the sun in her hair, strength and confidence in her every step. There was something very pure but also sexual about her that entranced Darcy. That she was also every inch the polite and kind lady just made her perfect in his eyes. Yes, his ardent admiration for Miss Elizabeth Bennet was quickly winning the war against his more realistic side. It was one thing to ignore desires of his heart when he had been in her home town of Hertfordshire. For in that place every exposure to her lovely liveliness was accompanied by every reminder of her unsuitability, namely, her family. Her father was a gentleman and well respected in the area as an estate owner and leader in the community, but he was far too amused by the foibles of his neighbors and family to intervene when he should. Elizabeth's mother was a terror. Darcy inwardly shuddered just to think of her. She was the daughter of a tradesman and the low breeding showed! She laughed loudly and without restrain, actually shrieking at times. She spoke of money in public, both hers and anyone else's. Mrs. Bennet also indulged in overdrinking at parties and the shameless match-making of her daughters for financial incentive. Adding to Elizabeth's poor connections were her very silly three younger sisters. Each one in their own way were self-involved horrors. Also, she had uncles that were in trade! Though the name Bennet was itself an old and respectable name, Darcy could not bring himself to be connected with it in its current state. But then… then Elizabeth had been here in Kent when he had arrived! And if anything, had grown more beautiful, more delightful then she had been four months ago when he had left her. Every night he was tortured with her image in his dreams and during the day could hardly resist running to her and proclaiming his love. Another glance at her face and he saw she was looking at him with an odd expression. Though he wasn't sure what the expression signified, it reminded him that he had again lapsed into silence. "And how do you find your friend Mrs. Collins? And your cousin? Do you think that they are happy to be here at Hunsford?" He hoped the Collins did like Hunsford, because if he did break down and marry Elizabeth then she would have friends in the area. For a moment he was caught up in a daydream where they were married and she would accompany him on his yearly visit over here. Someone to confide in, a perfect break from the personalities housed here and then to go to bed with her in the evening..! "My cousin could not be more pleased, Sir, he is tremendously grateful for your aunt's condescension. Charlotte, I mean Mrs. Collins is, I think… satisfied. She enjoys her relative freedom and the ability to run her own home." Darcy nodded. He liked Mrs. Collins, he saw in her a bit of kindred spirit. She was a quiet, serious person with a very practical attitude. Darcy almost snorted at that thought. He, practical? Though he had always considered himself thus, his recent obsession with Miss Bennet seemed to argue against it. "Colonel Fitzwilliam tells me your visit is almost at an end. How did you enjoy your time with your aunt and cousin? But then, what am I saying? You could not but have enjoyed yourself! As we all know what prestigious care Lady Catherine takes of her guests." Miss Bennet teased. "My time has been well spent. Her estate is in good order. As for being a guest of my aunt, few people could complain. Every comfort is looked after and the rooms are very fine." Darcy did not want her understanding how much he disliked coming here. After all, he might someday try to convince her to accompany him. "Oh, yes, I am sure. Every comfort!" Elizabeth laughed. Lord, how he loved that sound! "Exactly. Every room has its own copper tub, luxurious furniture and fresh linens every morning. Truly it is very comfortable." Darcy insisted. But the words sounded a little too pleading as they left his mouth and he was suddenly worried that he was being too transparent. She would know why he wanted to convince her of his aunt's hostess skill if he wasn't careful. He did not want to get her hopes up when he hadn't quite made up his mind yet. But who was he kidding? How else could she interpret him finding her so often on her walks? Why this must have been the third time they had met up. But still he should not be so open without having a certainty of purpose. "Of course, sir, I meant no offense. Your lady aunt is everything generous." said Elizabeth in a somewhat subdued voice. Darcy didn't know what to say. If he let her know her teases were justified, then it would be admitting to being miserable. But if he continued to defend his aunt then he would give away his hopes. Better to say nothing further. "No offense taken, Miss Bennet." Darcy said just to relieve her mind and then lapsed into silence. He so loved that she didn't feel the need to fill every minute with conversation as some women did. He did enjoy their comfortable silences. Soon they had circled the park and she took her leave of him.
Chapter 2 "…How it could occur a second time, therefore, was very odd! Yet it did and even a third. It seemed like willful ill-nature, or a voluntary penance, for on these occasions it was not merely a few formal inquiries and an awkward pause and then away, but he actually thought it necessary to turn back and walk with her. He never said a great deal, nor did she give herself the trouble of talking or of listening much; but it struck her in the course of their third rencontre that he was asking some odd unconnected questions—about her pleasure in being at Hunsford, her love of solitary walks, and her opinion of Mr. and Mrs. Collins's happiness; and that in speaking of Rosings and her not perfectly understanding the house, he seemed to expect that whenever she came into Kent again she would be staying there too. His words seemed to imply it. Could he have Colonel Fitzwilliam in his thoughts? She supposed, if he meant anything, he must mean an allusion to what might arise in that quarter." (Jane Austen pt. 2 Ch. 10) It was distressing to Elizabeth to think that Mr. Darcy might have her and his cousin on his mind. There was absolutely nothing between her and Colonel Fitzwilliam except for a very open, easy friendship. Other than Lt. Wickham there was no other young man in her acquaintance that she could be such friends with. Though she would not necessarily dislike it if Colonel Fitzwilliam changed the friendship; he had never indicated that he thought of her that way. Oh, he was a good match for her to be sure! The son of an earl! He even wore a red coat; her mother would be in raptures; it was everything that lady had ever dreamed of. But Elizabeth had not seen any evidence of real interest and so their friendship stood. Not many days later, the Colonel himself confirmed her thoughts on their friendship. He had met her on one of her walks and they had chatted about his upcoming departure and she teased him about his demanding cousin and how much he like to have his way. It was following these comments that he mentioned that he would have to marry an heiress, for second sons of earls have no money and many needs. Elizabeth was not sorry. She never expected anything from him and so went back to teasing him after only a momentary pause. It was soon after, in commenting on something else, that Mr. Bingley's name came up and Fitzwilliam commented on what great friends they were. "Oh! yes," said Elizabeth dryly; "Mr. Darcy is uncommonly kind to Mr. Bingley, and takes a prodigious deal of care of him." "Care of him! Yes, I really believe Darcy does take care of him in those points where he most wants care. From something that he told me in our journey hither, I have reason to think Bingley very much indebted to him. But I ought to beg his pardon, for I have no right to suppose that Bingley was the person meant. It was all conjecture." "What is it you mean?" "It is a circumstance which Darcy could not wish to be generally known, because if it were to get round to the lady's family, it would be an unpleasant thing." "You may depend upon my not mentioning it." "And remember that I have not much reason for supposing it to be Bingley. What he told me was merely this: that he congratulated himself on having lately saved a friend from the inconveniences of a most imprudent marriage, but without mentioning names or any other particulars, and I only suspected it to be Bingley from believing him the kind of young man to get into a scrape of that sort, and from knowing them to have been together the whole of last summer." "Did Mr. Darcy give you reasons for this interference?" "I understood that there were some very strong objections against the lady. Jane Austen pt. 2Ch. 10 Objections to the lady? Elizabeth couldn't believe it. Nothing could be said against sweet Jane. Jane was everything beautiful, kind and good! But here was her friend informing her that Darcy had done what he could to ruin the hopes of her sister, and his friend! She pressed Colonel Fitzwilliam for more information, but he insisted that that was all he knew. Elizabeth's head swam with anger and her heart with pain for her sister. Though quiet and undemonstrative, Jane had really loved Bingley and had been in pain ever since he had left. They said a little more on the subject until her strong emotions forced her to change the subject. As soon as they reached the parsonage Vicarage she retired to her own room to think of all she had heard. The rest of the morning Elizabeth spent rereading her sister's letters to her. Though Jane never actually complained of missing Bingley, her melancholy was easy to see in the rather bleak descriptions of her life. Indeed, in the past Elizabeth had often found herself fighting the urge to roll her eyes at Jane's letters as they usually contained nothing but praises for everyone and everything around her. Jane was one of those few people who were just naturally happy. It wasn't that she was weak-willed like many thought as they viewed her easy manner, but rather that she was simply inclined to be happy. That wasn't to say Jane was never unhappy, Elizabeth knew. She could become angry if provoked enough. Elizabeth had to smile as she remembered some of the times that Jane had lost her nearly unending patience. But even that formidable rise in temper would be preferable to this melancholy for Elizabeth's heart ached with sympathy for her sister as her letters clearly showed the depressed state of her sister's mind. Oh, how I hate him! Despicable man! Elizabeth thought. Sure, her mother could be a little… unrestrained but he would not have to live with her! And her father was everything respectable, if a little odd at times. No, if there were objections, they had to be mercenary. Though perfectly respectable, their income was not large, and her mother was from trade. It was the worst kind of pride, Elizabeth decided, to value connections over the people themselves. Her frustration and anger soon turned into tears and by afternoon she developed an abominable headache. It was in this mood that she found out that they were invited to have tea at Rosings that afternoon. The last thing she wanted was to see him. Elizabeth tried to use her headache as a means of escape. "I could not be good company." She insisted. "I understand, and surely Lady Catherine will as well." Charlotte soothed. But her sensible comment was immediately disagreed with by her husband. "You would answer Lady Catherine de Bourgh's generosity with a denial? No, of course, you cannot be serious in your rejection. I see what this is, and your humbleness is to be commended but do not make yourself uneasy, Lady Catherine did include you in her invitation and thus must find some of your behaviors to be amusing. Though I would caution you against too much your usual impertinence as it could be seen as disrespect." Her cousin, Mr. Collins, looked very pleased by his 'insight' and continued getting ready to go out. Elizabeth was forcibly reminded of his preposterous proposal to herself. The Bennet estate, Longborne, was entailed to male heirs and her mother had birthed only daughters, making Mr. Collins the eventual heir. He had decided to marry Elizabeth as an amends for the fact that her home was to be entailed to him. A reasonable thought (one of his few!) but completely overshadowed by the ridiculousness of the man himself. The proposal itself was done with such silliness and self-importance that Elizabeth had been spared any guilt at having to reject such a man. Yet he had not believed her! After refusing him quite three times she had had to leave the room as he was still assuring her that she was actually agreeing with him! "I assure you Cousin, I know no such modesty, truthfully I feel quite unwell. I could not possibly give Lady Catherine the attention she deserves." Elizabeth reasoned, trying to invoke the man's almost religious awe of his patron. "Certainly, you can! You need only sit and listen quietly. I'm sure her graciousness would allow you to be a bit quieter than usual. It would in fact, probably raise you in her eyes, as you often speak of your opinions too strongly! No. this will not do; you can not disappoint her ladyship!" Mr. Collins started to sweat just at the idea of upsetting his revered patron. "My husband, surely with Miss de 'Bourgh somewhat weak health, Lady Catherine has much experience with the delicate state that is a woman's health. Assuredly she will understand." But Mr. Collins would not hear of it and Elizabeth, not wanting to cause a fight between her friend and her friend's husband, reluctantly agreed to go. As they walked to Rosings Elizabeth found her mood rapidly changing. The exercise and fresh air did much for her headache, and her anger came back full force. That man! How could he? To Jane of all people! Elizabeth soon found that rather than wanting to avoid Mr. Darcy she needed to see him. Wanted him to know that she knew and hated him for it. He wouldn't care what her feelings were, she knew, but he would know none the less. For a second, she lost conviction. For never had any man shown less of an interest in her feelings then Mr. Darcy. He seemed to enjoy making her uncomfortable and had openly declared he found her 'not handsome enough to tempt him'. But that he should do such a thing and bear no consequences, even those that would matter little to him, was a thought she could not bear. No, he would know that his sins had been found out. Her head was so preoccupied with variations of the conversation she determined to have that she was surprised to look up and see that they had arrived. Their arrival was met with little fanfare. Lady Catherine was speaking to her nephews and seemed almost annoyed to be interrupted. Her daughter and her companion, Mrs. Jenkinson, as usual had little to say. Mr. Darcy bowed but said nothing. In fact, the only one who seemed genuinely happy to see them was Colonel Fitzwilliam. He quickly walked over to their group with smile and a bow. And after a polite greeting to each of their group turned to address Elizabeth. "Miss Bennet, I am pleased to see you. By the end of our walk together you did not seem quite yourself and I was worried you might not be feeling your best." "I am sorry Colonel, that I was such poor company this morning. I will endeavor to be much more amusing this evening." Elizabeth teased, but in her mind a shield went up. For upon seeing him again her mind instantly connected him with Jane's loss of Bingley. Perhaps this was illogical, but feelings usually are, and Elizabeth felt some anger towards him as well as his cousin. After all, she thought, if he was as good a gentleman as I had thought, how could he respect and love a man such as Darcy? And so, it was with well-hidden anger that she started a pleasant conversation with Colonel Fitzwilliam. Sitting together on the settee, slightly away from the others they spoke of books they had both read. Elizabeth had only recently read The Castle of Otranto by Horace Walpole, an older novel but new to her father's library. She had quite enjoyed it. "It was very dramatic! There was abundant romance, terror, and pathos; I especially liked it when Bianca…" Elizabeth's voice trailed off for a second when Mr. Darcy suddenly appeared next to Fitzwilliam. She had expected him to come over at some point. He usually did, for despite his disinterest in her, no reasonable person could withstand the conversations between Lady Catherine and Mr. Collins for long. It usually took him longer to get bored enough to come over. Still, it is time. She thought with determination and a return of her anger. "Mr. Darcy, good evening. We were just talking of novels and their drama. Do you read much fiction?" "I find I have little time for them. And little enjoyment of the more romantic ones." He answered gravely. "But I have read a few. Which one were you speaking of?" "Little enjoyment of drama and romance? I can scarce credit that!" She forced a smile. "After all, I have it on good authority that you take an active part in it yourself!" At this, Fitzwilliam looked alarmed. He shook his head slightly, requesting she not reveal their earlier conversation. But feeling little love for either man, she cared little of the small scene she knew was coming. "I have not the pleasure of understanding you." Darcy said, looking truly confused. "Why Colonel Fitzwilliam, your cousin would have us know nothing of his kindness." At this last word she allowed some of her anger to seep through to her voice. "Miss Bennet-" Colonel Fitzwilliam started but Elizabeth interrupted. "Come, Mr. Darcy, your cousin was just telling me this morning of a time you did not hate drama so much. Was there not a romance between a friend of yours and a lady that you were involved in? Surely that is an exciting tale." The surprise that flicked across Darcy's face was followed quickly by a telltale reddening of his ears. But rather than looking ashamed and fleeing in defeat as she had pictured on her way over, Darcy squared his shoulders and spoke calmly. "There was no great drama, Miss Bennet. I will freely admit I did what I could to separate my friend from you sister. But it was calmly and easily done. Very little pathos, I imagine, could be attributed to the affair." The Colonel looked shocked and extremely embarrassed not only by the realization that Elizabeth's sister was the woman involved, but by Darcy's rude behavior. "And it is up to you to decide how much sadness was felt by other people?" Elizabeth asked quietly but with great venom. She continued in a near whisper. "Surely, no motive can excuse the unjust and ungenerous part you acted there. Your actions have exposed one to the censure of the world for instability of character, and the other to mockery for disappointed hopes. And aside from the public perception you have inflicted acute pain my sister, my dear, sweet Jane." She paused and saw with no slight indignation that he was listening with an air which proved him wholly unmoved. "Your sister will, I'm sure, recover quite well when you mother sets her up with next rich man she finds. For it was obvious to any observer that you mother was the one who cherished the match the most." Elizabeth colored slightly at this reference to her mother's ambitions but took strength from the incredible rudeness of his words. "And you know the inner most feelings of my sister better then I? You, who never spoke to her -unless you could help it- judged her feelings to be inadequate? No, you wanted to see little affection because it supported your desires best. For you being such a good friend as you are to Bingley thought our family too far below his. But in this you would be wrong, Jane is a gentlemen's daughter, can Bingley say the same?" "I will allow that you have a greater understanding of your sister, and if I have caused her pain I am very sorry for it." Said Darcy without a trace of contrition. "However, if I have been misled by such error to inflict pain on her, I shall not scruple to assert, that the serenity of your sister's countenance and air was such as might have given the most acute observer a conviction that, however amiable her temper, her heart was not yet touched. Maybe I was desirous of believing her indifferent, but I will venture to say that my investigation and decisions are not usually influenced by my emotions. I believed her indifferent based upon an impartial conviction, my objections to the marriage were not as you accuse me, the want of fashionable connection would not be a great evil to Bingley. But there were other causes of repugnance; your mother's ties to trade was nothing in comparison to that total want of propriety so frequently, so almost uniformly betrayed by herself, by your three younger sisters, and occasionally even by your father." Elizabeth was shocked. The combination of painful truth and scorn of Darcy's speech rendered her quite mute. Before she could gather herself, she heard him continue. "Let it give you consolation to consider that, to have conducted yourselves so as to avoid any share of the like censure, is praise upon you and your elder sister. No one could find fault in the behavior of either of you." Ignoring the offhanded complement Elizabeth returned. "And it falls to you does it, to judge the characters of others? Not only for your-" "What is this?!" Cried Lady Catherine. Apparently having just noticed the fight going on in her parlor. "What are you speaking of?" The whole room was suddenly staring at Elizabeth and she was suddenly overwhelmed by mortification. To her great embarrassment, tears flooded her eyes. But she stood as calmly as she could and curtsied to Lady Catharine. "I apologize, but I'm really not feeling well. I thought I could find the strength to attend you, but it appears I was wrong. Please allow me to leave, so that I might not disturb the party anymore." With these words Elizabeth turned and walked from the room. She knew she would get no help home but didn't mind the walk. She could not fathom one more minute in the same room as Mr. Darcy. Abominable man! She would gladly walk all night if it got her away from him. However, this thought was almost immediately interrupted by the man himself catching up to her. She turned and saw Colonel Fitzwilliam also following. "Miss Bennet, I- I would not- I cannot have us part this way!" he said in passionate tones. This was such a confusing assertion that Elizabeth nearly stopped. It almost seemed as if she had misheard him! Why would he care how they left things? "Mr. Darcy you can have nothing more to say to me! You have made your feelings for myself and my family in every way clear and understood." And then, trying to hurt him she added. "But your scornful opinions and arrogant meddling have not only harmed my sister but the friend you supposedly value so greatly. I can only imagine how much Bingley would appreciate your interference if he knew the truth!" This halted Darcy's movements for a second before he continued and replied, ""I never meant to hurt him or your admirable sister. Truly, I have a great respect for both you and her!" "You! You, who could not be troubled to be polite to me or anyone in my acquaintance now claim to respect and admire them! I cannot believe anything you are saying!" "And this," exclaimed Darcy, suddenly stopping, "This is the estimation in which you hold me! A manipulator and blackguard! I thank you for your honesty. My sins, according to you, are heavy indeed! But perhaps," added he, coming closer towards her, "you would have seen the logic of my perspective, had not your pride been hurt by my honest confession of the scruples I had against your family." Elizabeth stood her ground. "You are incorrect sir, if you imagine that my opinion of you was in any way changed by today's conversation. Had you behaved in a more gentleman-like manner I would only have been surprised. But no, From the very beginning—from the first moment, I may almost say—of my acquaintance with you, your manners have impressed me with the fullest belief of your arrogance, your conceit, and your selfish disdain of the feelings of others! Your manners were such as to form the groundwork of disapprobation on which succeeding events have built so immovable a dislike that nothing you could ever say or do would have had much impact." To Elizabeth's great satisfaction, she saw that he was astonished; and he looked at her with an expression of mingled mortification and, -was that- hurt? She stood, chest heaving, almost gasping with exertion and emotion while Darcy seemed to process her words. The pain in his face became quite obvious as she watched and she wondered at it. Why should he care? But his expression was full of such pain and… and could it be... longing? It confused Elizabeth so much that she could find nothing more to say. After a long moment of them staring at each other and Fitzwilliam staring at both of them, Mr. Darcy said softly. "If I have caused you and your sister pain I apologize; it was most unintentionally done." And with a stiff bow, he left. Elizabeth stared after him, feeling triumph mixed with guilt. She had hoped to put him in his place and felt she had done it well but could not shrug off a lifetime's training in deportment. The scene she had caused, the angry words she'd flung at him and the hurt in his expression all came back to her in a wave of discomfort. One glance at Fitzwilliam had her feeling many times worse. His expression was a mixture of shock and pain. He refused to meet her eyes but murmured, "I would see you home safely, Miss Bennet." "Thank you." Was all she could manage and so it was a silent pair who made their way back to the Rectory. The argument kept going around and around in Elizabeth's mind. Every word, every look was gone back over. Her anger fought against it but some of his words came back to her sounding very reasonable. How could she deny the credit of his assertions? He declared himself to be totally unsuspicious of her sister's attachment; and she could not help remembering that it had been Charlotte's opinion that Jane had always hidden her feelings too well. Not even Elizabeth could deny the justice of his description of Jane. She felt that Jane's feelings, though fervent, were little displayed, and that there was a constant complacency in her air and manner not often united with great feeling. The compliment to herself and her sister was not unfelt. It soothed, but it could not console her for it had been too closely connected with the contempt which had been expressed for her family. And as she considered that Jane's disappointment had in fact been the work of her nearest relations and reflected how materially the credit of both must be hurt by such impropriety of conduct, she felt depressed beyond anything she had ever known before. When they had almost reached the vicarage before Colonel Fitzwilliam finally spoke. "Are you well? Can I do anything more for your comfort?" "Oh, Colonel Fitzwilliam, I- I'm so sorry." "For what?" He said with a twisted little smile. "I can't believe the mess I made of things! Telling you of a private conversation between myself and my cousin. I couldn't have known it was your sister involved but I shouldn't have said anything. Your reaction was fairly reasonable now that I have heard your perspective." "'Fairly reasonable'! You are too generous!" Elizabeth cried, tearing up again at how kind he was about this whole affair. "I have done exactly what you accused yourself of! I revealed our private conversation as well, and then I betrayed your trust and embarrassed you in front of your family. And you… you have done nothing wrong. You have always been a good friend to me." "Maybe so, but I cannot help but feel this was my fault." "Your fault? That I… that I was so rude? That my family was such as to drive off a respectable suitor?" "They cannot be as bad as Darcy makes them to be, surely?" His kind words caused Elizabeth's tears to start to fall. "I am afraid that though he was abominably rude, he- he was not wrong." She said this last bit in a whisper. "I have been blind! I have always known my family was silly but thought them harmless enough. Aren't most people a little silly in some way?" "I would say so, as you can see, my family is not above reproach." The Colonel said, in a consolatory tone. Elizabeth appreciated his words but she knew her situation was different. Though high handed, Lady Catherine was a lady and an intelligent one at that. Maybe Darcy was rude and selfish, but a respectable man none the less. But the Bennets? Elizabeth shuddered now to remember some of their public behavior. Her mother's loud exclamations of other people's money, her constant references to Jane's beauty and her love of gossip now bought new tears of shame to Elizabeth's eyes. To say nothing of her younger sisters. Why had father never put a stop to it? Encouraged by Colonel Fitzwilliam's sympathetic words, Elizabeth found herself confiding in him. "My family is… is just as your cousin said. I always thought that if Jane and I behaved with propriety it wouldn't matter how the rest of the family conducted themselves. I was foolish to hope that one could be judged separately from their family and connections." "I'm sorry to say that you are mostly correct, those things matter a great deal to most people. But not to everyone, I very much enjoy your company, and would no matter how many embarrassing relatives you have." "You are too kind. If only everyone had your generous attitude! But if Jane, who is more beautiful, more kind then I by far, could not induce even a man as amiable as Mr. Bingley, then there can be no hope for any in my family." After a slight pause she continued. "I've always known that Mr. Darcy disliked me. The first time I met him he said of me 'she is not handsome enough to tempt me'. And he always stares at me, like I am such an oddity that he cannot avert his eyes. And I of course, bear no great love for him! But to know that he dislikes me and my family so much! Will he speak to others of his poor opinion, you think? I know he has many connections." "No! I am sure he will not! I was surprised at his words actually; he has only ever said words of praise about you before." "I cannot imagine that!" Elisabeth shrugged. "Perhaps Mamma was right, and I should have accepted my cousin." "Your cousin? No, you can not mean... surely you cannot mean that Mr. Collins offered for you?" Elizabeth couldn't help a small smile at his horrified tone. "Indeed, for Mr. Collins will inherit my father's estate after his death. Both he and my mother thought it a fine thing to mend this injustice by his marriage to me." "But he is so- so…" Colonel Fitzwilliam couldn't seem to find the words, or maybe was simply too polite to speak them out loud. Elizabeth gave a twisted smile. "I thought so too. But now… well now it seems foolish to turn down a safe future and secure home because I had hoped to marry for love. Indeed, Jane and I swore to each other to only marry for the deepest of love but perhaps that was a childish dream." As she said these words Elizabeth suddenly realized that it was probably not a proper conversation to be having with a bachelor. Though they had made it clear to each other that they were only friends, he might mistake her meaning if she continued on such a discussion. "Forgive me." She said, before he could respond. "I- I am somewhat distraught. Please do not take too deep a meaning from my words. Look, here is the vicarage! Please, I should go in. Thank you so much for your escort and your kind words. You are a true friend and gentleman." At this Colonel Fitzwilliam looked abashed but responded quickly. "Truly, there is no need, as usual I enjoyed your company. I am sorry for my various relatives' rudeness." He paused and looked like he would say more on the subject but then only bowed and made a polite farewell. It was an embarrassed, tired and confused Elizabeth Bennet who entered her cousin's home night. She immediately sought her bed but found it brought her little relief, as her mind would not rest. It was many hours before she finally slept.
Chapter 3 "You are incorrect sir, if you imagine that my opinion of you was in anyway changed by today's conversation. Had you behaved in a more gentleman-like manner I would only have been surprised." Fitzwilliam Darcy's mind swam with her words. Over and over they repeated in his head. Her opinion of him… how could it be that she had thought so poorly of him? Darcy paced an agitated line back and forth before the library's fireplace. She had only ever teased and smiled at him. That she could be so duplicitous shocked him. Thank God her facade had broken down before he had proposed to her! But no, surely they were merely words spoken in anger. That she was so passionate was one of the things he loved about her, but a temper like that, that would make her say such things to him… maybe I should reconsider her as my wife. But that thought struck such a deep cord of sadness in him that he stopped pacing and sank into an arm chair. He was amazed at the depth of emotion he felt in considering walking away from Elizabeth. She was everything bright and beautiful, to never see her again would cast his future in a bleak darkness. Just then his cousin James Fitzwilliam strode into the room with a grim expression. His movement stopped a few feet away from Darcy and he crossed his arms. After a moment of silence in which Darcy tried to ignore him, James demanded. "Well, what explanation can you offer for your behavior?" "My behavior? What can you mean? It was Miss Elizabeth who lost her temper! Besides, had I words to regret I still would not have to explain to you, who do you think you are, my keeper?" Darcy stood up with an indignant air and poured himself a glass of port from the side table. "I am your family! And your friend. You must be accountable to someone and if not I, then who?" James took a deep breath and then let it out slowly. "I'm sorry Darcy, but I just don't understand! I thought you liked Miss Elizabeth. I actually thought you might… well that you might harbor deeper feelings for her. I knew nothing could come of it but you always seemed to be staring at her. Your interest was so marked from my perspective that I wondered at Miss Elizabeth's apparent dislike for you. But I am confused no longer! Your words to her- your attitude, please tell me this is not how you behave behind my back!" Darcy was stunned. James felt that he was in the wrong? And wait- what? What did he say? Elizabeth's apparent dislike? Could it be that her angry words were more than just that? That those were her actual opinions? No, surely not. "Cousin, please! She was only angry. And if I misjudged her sister so severely I can see why, but she will calm down by tomorrow. Can you not see how she teases and provokes me into conversation with her? No she is not only expecting but eager for my proposal." "Your proposal?!" James exclaimed. "Of course, I will propose. You were correct in your observations, I cannot deny my attraction to her and though everything I said about her family is true, I can no longer imagine any other woman as my wife. That she has no dowry and poor connections will not affect me so much as her lively, kind spirit will. Yes, separated from her family she will make an excellent mistress of Pemberley." To Darcy's great indignation, as soon as he finished this speech Fitzwilliam burst into laughter. "Darcy! You cannot be serious!" With a shake of his head, his chuckles died, and he strolled to the side board for his own glass of port. "Perfectly serious!" Darcy was starting to get angry. "I have every intention of proposing to her before we leave Kent." "That's in two days! Darcy, you cannot be so oblivious! She hates you!" The words felt like knives in Darcy's chest, but he tried to shrug it off. "You can't know that." "I do! I am her friend; I talk to her! Can you not see that every interaction she has had with you has been tense and confrontational?" "She only seeks to be provocative. Our disagreements are always teasing." Even to his own ears, Darcy's words sounded weak. "No, she uses her sense of humor as a shield against your scorn." "Scorn? I do not scorn her! How can you say that?" "She thinks you do! She said that you have always disliked her. She told me that you called her 'not handsome enough to tempt you'. And that you stare at her disapprovingly. I of course know better; your glances are not the least bit negative. But with such an introduction I am not surprised that is how she interpreted your looks. Good God, Darcy! You have messed this up! If you have such feelings for her, you have a long way to go before revealing them to her! if you tried anything now she'd probably slap you!" Darcy was a proud man, decisive and self-confident, but nevertheless he sincerely valued his cousin's advice. And at this moment James Fitzwilliam looked absolutely serious. Darcy was quiet a minute, thinking back over several of his interactions with Elizabeth. His memories looked different now with James's words ringing in his ears. He remembered some of his words to her and winced. He had been so caught up in his own feelings, struggles and thoughts he had never actually wondered if she had liked him. Still, it could not be as bad as James claims, Darcy thought. However, James soon convinced him that it was indeed nearly as bad as could possibly be. Elizabeth cared nothing for Darcy's social status and had been legitimately offended by his manners on more than one occasion. Darcy had never thought about his manners overmuch. He was accepted into the finest circles by his name alone, even there he could act nearly however he wished and still be desired as a match. He knew that it wasn't only his money and social standing, he was tall, handsome, decent and almost completely independent of other people. All these things made him very attractive to men as a friend and women as husband. It had truly never occurred to Darcy that he should behave in any particular way to Elizabeth. As Darcy considered his manners toward Elizabeth, he had to admit to finding them lacking. In fact, after another glass of port and his cousins' removal to bed Darcy could not stop his mind from going over and over again every interaction he'd ever had with Elizabeth. Each memory impressed him again with her charming manners, delightful spirit and sensual beauty yet when he tried to think of what he had actually said to her he could remember very little. Indeed, the more he searched his memories for his side of the conversations the more he realized how little he had truly conversed with her. Most of his knowledge and love came from observation and -to be painfully honest- eavesdropping on her conversations with others. Watching her interaction with her family and friends had seemed to him a treatise on impeccable breeding and character. He had fallen in love with her as he watched her kindness to everyone on her circle. He had delighted in her laughs, triumphed in her conversational victories but with a sudden wave of self-awareness he realized that these experiences were completely one-sided. He had not actually shared in those triumphs; her laughter was not his reward and never had her eyes shone with the welcome he had oft seen there for others. He had learned of her good character but what did she know of his? This question brought him up short. What did Elizabeth know of him? He tried to remember him telling her anything about himself. He couldn't. He knew that she knew of his wealth, her mother had seen to that. Caroline Bingley had told her of his estate, and his sister. Darcy grimaced, neither subject would be thought well of by Elizabeth because of the person who presented them to her. Caroline and Elizabeth had quite obviously despised each other. And Darcy was chagrined to realize that the larger portion of his and Elizabeth's time together was in company with that woman. In fact, there had been more conversation between the two rival woman than between him and Elizabeth. 'Rival'. Darcy paused his other racing thoughts and considered that adjective. He had always considered them as that and had rather enjoyed their sparring. Without much thought he had always supposed them competing for his attention. But while he maintained this of Miss Bingley, he was forced to consider that perhaps Elizabeth had been merely defending herself against the other woman's conversational barbs without a single thought towards him. This idea caused him some mortification, for he saw the casual arrogance in the assumption that her actions were for his amusement and not her own interests. Darcy acknowledged to himself the absurdity of his mind set at that time and attempted to return to his earlier line of reasoning. Oh, yes, what she knew of his character. Coming away from his thought about Caroline he suddenly remembered a time Elizabeth and he had conversed about his character. "…it has been the study of my life to avoid those weaknesses which often expose a strong understanding to ridicule." "Such as vanity and pride." "Yes, vanity is a weakness indeed. But pride—where there is a real superiority of mind, pride will be always under good regulation." Elizabeth turned away to hide a smile. "Your examination of Mr. Darcy is over, I presume," said Miss Bingley; "and pray what is the result? I am perfectly convinced by it that Mr. Darcy has no defect. He owns it himself without disguise." "No," said Darcy, "I have made no such pretension. I have faults enough, but they are not, I hope, of understanding. My temper I dare not vouch for. It is, I believe, too little yielding—certainly too little for the convenience of the world. I cannot forget the follies and vices of other so soon as I ought, nor their offenses against myself. My feelings are not puffed about with every attempt to move them. My temper would perhaps be called resentful. My good opinion once lost, is lost forever." (Jane Austen pt. 1, ch 11) Dear Lord, had he truly said that? He saw with new understanding that Elizabeth's comment about vanity and pride had not been -as he had supposed- a tease, but rather a genuine challenge toward a more moral behavior. Her smile had showed her to be, rather than impressed, amused at his absurdity. For how could anyone see within himself the limits of respectable behavior and the 'good regulation' of outward qualities? And then came Miss Bingley's simpering, how Elizabeth must have mocked them both within the privacy of her mind. And then, how embarrassing, he had proudly announced that he had an unchanging judgment of others. How foolish of him! She could only have interpreted that as a judgment against herself and her circle. He had meant to show her that he had a firmness of purpose and ideas. That he could not be easily led like his friend Bingley, but he now feared he'd come across as bitter and unforgiving. In fact, he now knew she thought of him as such, had he not often showed his disapprobation of her family? By his own words she had to assume he would hate her family. These many thoughts and realizations so overwhelmed Fitzwilliam Darcy that he did not think to go to bed until he saw dawn's first light begin to touch the sky. By then his mind was so fuzzy with drink and despair that he could make no clear plan for any future actions other than to find his bed. Yet despite all his painful realizations the last thought he had before he slipped into unconsciousness was of Elizabeth. Despite everything, he loved her and wished her to be his wife. . . . . . . (this is the first story I've every shared publicly. I would very much appreciate any feedback. Thank you for reading)
(Thanks for the follows, favs and reviews! it means a lot to me!) Chapter 4 Elizabeth's sleep was fitful that night. She couldn't help going over and over the situation in her head. The public nature of the scene, her heated words to a gentleman who was, in essence, a stranger but worst of all; the embarrassment of knowing Darcy was correct in all his judgments. Not only of her family but also of herself, for how could the gently bred lady she considered herself to be behave so? Most of all she just wanted distance, she felt like she'd humiliated herself and she hated Darcy. She hoped to never see him again. That smug, handsome, interfering… dalcop! Not for the first time, Elizabeth wished that she knew some decent curse words. This desire to remove herself from the area was obviously shared by her cousin, Mr. Collins. He had been horrified at the realization that she had been arguing with Lady Catherine de 'Bourgh's nephew! Would she be furious? Of course, she would be! How could Elizabeth not show the proper deference? Didn't she know who his benefactor was? How could his cousin repay Lady de 'Bourgh's generous condescension this way? Would she blame him? But what could he do? Elizabeth was so rebellious! These were the general thoughts that Mr. Collins had expressed loudly and continually all morning so that by ten o'clock Elizabeth was sure that the best thing for everyone was if she left for London early. She could only bring further pain to her dear friend, confusion to her cousin and anger from the great Lady herself. And so, it was arranged that the very next day Elizabeth and Maria Lucas would travel to London. Maria was Charlotte's younger sister by ten years. She had only just come out after Charlotte's wedding. Despite the fact that at eighteen Maria was closer to Elizabeth's age then Charlotte was, Elizabeth still thought of her as a child. She was easily awed, and all her opinions were merely the most recent ones she had heard from other people. For all that though, she was a sweet girl and loved to please others. So it was that while Maria was disappointed, she could not find the courage to object nor could she ignore the obvious tension in the rest of the group. It would come as a little bit of a surprise to her aunt and uncle, who weren't expecting her for another week, but Elizabeth felt sure it would be well, and that her relations would understand. The rest of day she spent in hiding. Though there were legitimate reasons to be in her rooms, like packing and the very real headache that afflicted her, Elizabeth knew she was hiding. This truth was demonstrated most acutely to her when the Collin's servant girl come to room and informed her that the 'Rosings gentlemen' had arrived to call. It took some insistence on Elizabeth's part for the girl to leave, as Rosings and the people therein were so feared, but she maintained she was not well. She sent even Charlotte away when her friend came in a few minutes later, urging her to come down, for she could not tolerate the idea of being in either man's presence. Though she did request Charlotte convey her deepest apologies. Another fitful night and awkward morning and she was on her way to London. Her cousin had hired a coach and a footman for the journey and it went by as quickly and uneventfully as could be hoped. Elizabeth even managed to doze a little before reaching her Aunt and Uncle Gardiner. Her relatives were as surprised but welcoming as she had expected, and she was relieved to be embraced by her loving family. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . That morning Darcy slept longer then was his usual. He had spent another night confused and frustrated, drinking and pacing. He had hoped to get a clearer understanding of the situation by speaking with Miss Elizabeth the day before, but she had refused to speak with him. She had claimed to be 'still feeling unwell' but he knew enough to realize it was a complete refusal to see him. And so, with an aching head and heart Darcy was a little late for breakfast. His aunt noticed and immediately commented on it, demanding to know why. James smirked but interceded by informing her that they had played billiards late into the night. James was wonderful in that way, always covering for him, even in as simple things as conversations. Though Darcy loved him for it, he didn't appreciate the smirk and glared at his cousin. Then gave a slight bow and addressed his Aunt. "My apologies, Aunt. I hope you were not waiting long." "No, of course not, for I arrived here precisely at breakfast time and truthfully you are not so very late." She said with the air of officious kindness that she was best known for. Darcy only nodded at James before he gave another slight bow to his other cousin. "And cousin Anne, how are you this morning." This he meant as a causal greeting. But his cousin didn't need more of an opening. "Not well, I'm afraid." "I'm sorry to hear that," Darcy said as he got his breakfast and sat down. His aunt poured him a cup of tea without being asked as her daughter expanded on her comment. "Yes, a dreadful night really. It's such a terrible time of year to be ill. It is both too hot and too cold at different times of the day and of course, so very damp. I feel a dreadful cough coming on." Darcy did his best to look sympathetic while chewing his breakfast. "And of course, there was a draft! My incompetent maid swore there wasn't one, but I knew better, I could feel it! Every time I was almost asleep, such fluttering! Quite gave me goosebumps." Before Darcy or James could respond she examined the plate that Mrs. Jenkinson, her companion, had brought her. "An Orange? I am surprised Mrs. Annesley! You know how much citrus upsets my humors!" Darcy could have sworn that he'd seen her drink lemonade only yesterday. "Yes, I have seen that in many people, dear cousin." James inserted. "However, I have heard that oranges picked very early in the morning do not have as negative an effect on the delicate. If picked before the dew dries, they can actually be beneficial." This was, of course, utter nonsense. It was a little joke of Fitzwilliam's to insert silly ideas into his aunt and cousin's minds, and then the next Easter, see how many were still believed. Fitzwilliam was all things kind and solemn usually, but Darcy thought that maybe this was a small revenge for all the silly, rude and frustrating behaviors of his relatives. "Well, when was the orange picked?" Lady Catherine demanded of Mrs. Jenkinson. That poor woman could only look confused as fruit picking could hardly be considered the responsibility of a companion. Thankfully the great lady needed no response and only added. "Thank you, nephew! We will certainly never eat anything but the earliest picked oranges from now on. I, of course, have always believed that fruit should be picked early." She nodded at the table, almost daring anyone to disagree with her statement. No one did. "Anne, don't forget to drink your Hiera Picra. I know it is very bitter, but it works wonders to remove ill humors thought to affect the health of mind and body." she said, -most likely a direct quote from her lasted doctor- and again nodded confidently to the table. "It can be used for nearly ailment. One should partake often to keep the tempers balanced." Darcy found himself unusually annoyed with his relatives. This amount of silliness was not, unfortunately, so unusual, but on the heels of rebuking Miss Elizabeth for her family Darcy found himself embarrassed by their behavior. Even James was not excepted from his disapprobation for he found his cousin's teasing to be petty and mean. Shortly after breakfast Darcy and the Colonel went again to call on Miss Bennet and her hosts. But upon arriving Mrs. Collins informed them that Miss Elizabeth had left. Darcy was too shocked to speak, thankfully James was not so strongly affected. "Left? When and how? I apologize but I had spoken to her only two days ago and her plan was fixed for next week? Did something come up with her family?" Darcy watched as an uncomfortable look crossed Mrs. Collins face. "My husband thought- that is… Miss Bennet-" Then Mrs. Collins stopped herself and looked carefully at both of them before calmly saying. "Miss Bennet and I decided it would be best given the situation. We would not want to cause discomfort to anyone." The conversation did not last much longer and soon Darcy and the Colonel were on their way back to Rosings and then on to London. Darcy's original plan to been to leave that day but had been about to delay. Now he couldn't leave Rosings fast enough. His Aunt was extremely unhappy, she had hoped that this would be the year Darcy would finally propose to her daughter, but Darcy stoically resisted all hints and plea and left after a polite goodbye. Darcy was lost in thought as he and Colonel Fitzwilliam began their ride back to London. Miss Bennet leaving so abruptly and in reaction to their row was horrifying to him. Did he make her so uncomfortable that she had to flee the county? She hated him so? Surely… surely, she wasn't afraid of him, was she? Maybe, despite the fact I still love her, maybe I shouldn't try to reconnect. Maybe if I love her, I should respect her feelings enough to leave her alone. He thought miserably. Isn't that what a gentleman would do?
(thank you all for the reviews! its been very encouraging!) . . . . . . . Chapter 5 Daylight, lively and bright streaming in through her window, called Elizabeth to go out and enjoy it. But she could not indulge. Elizabeth would have loved an early morning walk but was by necessity given less freedom in London than at home in a small country village. So instead she usually played with the Gardiner children and read books in the early morning before the others awoke. At the moment though she was caught in moment of introspection as she stared, unseeing out the window. In the three days she had been in London with the Gardiners and Jane she had recovered significantly. Elizabeth was not made for melancholy and with the support and love of her family she felt mostly her normal self again. However, it was in quiet moments like these that her thoughts would bring back the words and expressions of Mr. Darcy. His words were cutting, damaging and left her feeling helpless. What could she really do about her family? Would she and Jane have any future? As she had said to the Colonel, if Jane could not get Mr. Bingley, what hope was there? However, these were not the thoughts the confused and captured her mind the most. It was his eyes. He had always seemed so remote. Throughout their whole acquaintance Mr. Darcy had held himself back, physically, emotionally and especially conversationally. Elizabeth's concept of Mr. Darcy was mostly an image of him, standing away from the group, silently staring out a window. But when he had run after her? For some reason those few moments outside of Rosings had completely replaced Elizabeth's previous impression. For his eyes and face had been alive with strong emotion. His eyes had seemed to light from within with his anger, dim with pain and beg for something she knew not how to give. For some reason, she knew not why, this new image of Mr. Darcy pulled at her heart strings. Elizabeth could not quite regret the words she had spoken to him, for they were true and just. In truth she only wished that they had been alone, so she could have spoken better and at more length. She wished she could also have brought up Lt. Wickham. Lieutenant Wickham was a friend of hers from Hertfordshire. Well, not really from Hertfordshire; he was with the militia that was encamped there. She had met him last fall. He was everything charming and they had gotten on quite well. Lt. Wickham was very handsome but had let her know early on that he would have to marry for more practical reasons. For though he was in bearing and education a gentleman, he had no family or livelihood other than the militia. It was Mr. Darcy who was responsible for that situation. She remembered clearly their conversation in which he had revealed this to her. "…We are not on friendly terms, and it always gives me pain to meet him, but I have no reason for avoiding him but what I might proclaim before all the world, a sense of very great ill-usage, and most painful regrets at his being what he is. His father, Miss Bennet, the late Mr. Darcy, was one of the best men that ever breathed, and the truest friend I ever had; and I can never be in company with this Mr. Darcy without being grieved to the soul by a thousand tender recollections. His behavior to myself has been scandalous; but I verily believe I could forgive him anything and everything, rather than his disappointing the hopes and disgracing the memory of his father." "….A military life is not what I was intended for, but circumstances have now made it eligible. The church ought to have been my profession—I was brought up for the church, and I should at this time have been in possession of a most valuable living, had it pleased the gentleman we were speaking of just now." "…Yes—the late Mr. Darcy bequeathed me the next presentation of the best living in his gift. He was my godfather, and excessively attached to me. I cannot do justice to his kindness. He meant to provide for me amply and thought he had done it; but when the living fell, it was given elsewhere." "Good heavens!" Elizabeth had cried; "but how could that be? How could his will be disregarded? Why did you not seek legal redress?" "There was just such an informality in the terms of the bequest as to give me no hope from law. A man of honour could not have doubted the intention, but Mr. Darcy chose to doubt it—or to treat it as a merely conditional recommendation, and to assert that I had forfeited all claim to it by extravagance, imprudence—in short anything or nothing. Certain it is, that the living became vacant two years ago, exactly as I was of an age to hold it, and that it was given to another man; and no less certain is it, that I cannot accuse myself of having really done anything to deserve to lose it. I have a warm, unguarded temper, and I may have spoken my opinion of him, and to him, too freely. I can recall nothing worse. But the fact is, that we are very different sort of men, and that he hates me." "This is quite shocking! He deserves to be publicly disgraced." "Some time or other he will be—but it shall not be by me. Till I can forget his father, I can never defy or expose him." (Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice, pt. 1 ch. 16) Remembering Wickham's words, Elizabeth grew angry again. Maybe she should have brought Wickham up, even in front of Darcy's family. Lt. Wickham might not be able to expose him for honor's sake, but Elizabeth could. I wonder if Colonel Fitzwilliam knows about what Mr. Darcy had done. It is too late now though, I shall never see either of them again. Elizabeth had not much longer to think before Jane stirred awake and they prepared themselves for the day. Maria Lucas met them in the hallway and together they went down to breakfast. Elizabeth expressed her need for fresh air and shortly after breakfast all three young ladies agreed to go out together with the Gardiner children and a footman for some exercise. They had a delightful time in the nearby park and even happened upon a friend of their Aunt Gardiner to whom they were acquainted. Mrs. Robinson was a bright, cheerful lady a few years younger than their aunt and thus only few years older than Jane. She had come to the park with her two-year-old son and his nurse. The groups joined up and had very pleasant conversation for about an hour before Jane gently suggested returning home. Consequently, it was a very happy, rosy party that spilled into the Gardiners front room. Elizabeth could not help but laugh at her young cousin Edward struggling to take off his own coat when she looked up and saw Mr. Darcy. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Mr. Darcy watched as Elizabeth's expressive face clearly communicated her surprise, anger and embarrassment upon seeing him. She quickly ducked her head, but Darcy was able to see a blush spreading over her cheeks. She is so lovely, he thought with some pain. For while he rejoiced to see her again, her obvious displeasure at the meeting could not but hurt him. Before he or Elizabeth could find the words to greet one another, Mr. Bingley stepped around him and fairly skipped to Jane's side. He bowed to the whole group and greeted them enthusiastically, but his eyes stayed on Jane's face. Darcy gathered his courage and stepped forward to make his own addresses. "Good morning Miss Bennet, Miss Elizabeth and Miss Lucas. How pleasant it is to see you all again. May a I beg an introduction to the rest of your party?" he said with smile to the children standing next to Elizabeth. The four children were introduced to him: Emma the oldest, at eight years of age and then Margaret, Edward and Thomas, all aged roughly two years apart. Darcy made a very proper bow to each child as they were introduced and, with a smile, received theirs in return. The youngest, Thomas, made a valiant attempt at a bow but leaned too far and started to fall. Thankfully Darcy was able to catch him and stood him back up saying kindly, "There you go, young man. A pleasure to meet you." He looked back to Elizabeth and found her nearly opened-mouthed with surprise. Of course, she's surprised. I'm acting reasonably polite, Darcy thought to himself severely. But I must persevere. After he had arrived in London he had spent two days trying to attend to business, write letters or go to his club. But his business could not hold his attention, his letters remained unfinished, and his club held no interest for him. He still loved Elizabeth; the knowledge of her feelings for him changed not his heart at all. Finally, last night, Darcy's thoughts and emotions had settled enough to think rationally on the subject. In his estimation, his relationship with Elizabeth had only two aspects that he could change. Her anger at his separating his friend from her sister and her misunderstanding of his character. The first was relatively simple to address. If his friend was still in love with Miss Bennet than he would confess all and let Bingley make his own decisions. Of the second issue, he believed that she had misjudged him. While he could not vouch for his manners in many of their interactions, he did not see himself to be the villain she supposed him to be. If he could but better his manners and make an effort against his own reticence, maybe her opinion could change. Elizabeth had once told him that his discomfort in company was his own fault for not exerting himself towards sociability and he supposed her to be correct. In any case, Darcy could not bear to let her disappear from his life without at least trying to change her opinion. If, after a time, she still seemed to dislike him, he would remove himself quietly. But for now, he simply smiled courteously at her and asked her sister of their family. Mrs. Gardiner, whom he had met upon requesting a visit with her nieces, was everything amiable and kind and soon had the children back to the nursery, tea served, and the whole group speaking happily together. Darcy was still quieter than most of the group, but he did force himself to speak up and ask a question or two and make a few polite comments about the house and such niceties. He tried several times to catch Elizabeth's eye, hoping to gain an understanding of her thoughts but she avoided his looks. Miss Bennet and Bingley spoke cheerfully of their time spent in London and Darcy felt that he could add little to that conversation as it might remind all parties of his earlier interference. So it was a was with some relief that Darcy saw Mrs. Gardener turn towards him and say, "Mr. Darcy, do you not agree that for all of London's many pleasantries it cannot equal Derbyshire in the spring?" He was surprised, "Do you know Derbyshire well, Mrs. Gardener?" "I do indeed, Mr. Darcy for I was raised in that beautiful county and count myself lucky for that fact, as it is of all counties the best and most noble. I understand that your estate is in that county, so I am sure you agree with my description," she said with a friendly smile. "Who could not? For you speak only of known facts." Darcy responded and smiled at the amiable lady. "If you don't mind my inquisitiveness, where exactly did in Derbyshire were you raised?" "In Lambton." "Lambton? But that is not five miles from Pemberley! I have often visited that town and know many of the people who live there. Who is your family?" "I am the daughter of Mr. Guard, the village apothecary." "Mr. Guard, yes, I do believe I have met him. Several times in fact, and while I have never required his services, I know that many of my tenants rely on his expertise." Darcy was pleased to be able to speak honestly and well of her family. He was not merely being polite, he had heard Lambton's apothecary being spoken well of often and had himself a favorable impression of the man. Come to think of it, he could almost have guessed the connection for Mrs. Gardener had the same practical, friendly manner and similar, though prettier, features. "Thank you for the compliment, Mr. Darcy, I am pleased to hear that my father is spoken well of." "It is only the truth. Are you able to visit often?" "Not as often as I would like, but that often how it is when you live away from family. I do have a plan to visit this summer though, my husband and I are going to take a tour of the lakes and we will be traveling through Lampton on our way." She paused and then glanced towards Elizabeth. Darcy caught her glance and followed it to see Elizabeth watching them with a confused expression on her face. Turning back Mrs. Gardener said, "Actually, we shall be quite a merry party for we will be bringing my niece Elizabeth along with us. It will be her first time in Derbyshire and I'm looking forward to showing her the sights." Mr. Darcy was lost for a moment in his imaginings of Miss Elizabeth exploring the raw, beautiful landscapes of his home county. She would love the peaks and lakes. Darcy yearned for a future where he could be the one to show Elizabeth his home. He collected himself and smiled at Mrs. Gardener, "That sounds like a very enjoyable trip." Before he could add a follow up question, Mrs. Gardener was asked by Jane for her impute on their conversation. A few more moments passed and Darcy felt he and Bingley should go. A typical morning call only lasted about thirty minutes. But he did not want to leave quite yet and so got up to get another pastry from the tea service as an excuse to delay. To his surprise and pleasure, Miss Elizabeth met him at the side table and offered to pour him another cup of tea. He assented and as she poured he couldn't help but admire her beauty and manners. When she looked up and saw him looking at her, she blushed slightly but then squared her shoulders and said, "I admit, sir: I am surprised to see you again." "It is not an altogether unpleasant surprise I hope." "Well, no… especially since-" She stopped and then glanced at Mr. Bingley who was sitting close to her sister and smiling continuously. "I had thought… Sir, I admit to being very confused. At Rosings you had seemed very much against just such a visit as you are now a part of?" She looked embarrassed but resolved to speak. "I had been acting on false information. I do not desire the pain of anybody involved and when it was obvious that Bingley still desired the… friendship of your family, I let him know your aunt's address." "Sir, I am amazed. I cannot think why you would go to the trouble after I was so abominable toward you. I thought you would never want anything to do with me or my family after my rudeness at Rosings. Yet, I cannot help but thank you, for despite her reserve, I can see the joy this visit brings my dear Jane." Darcy was surprised that Miss Elizabeth had directly addressed their conflict at Rosings and took a moment to carefully answer her comment. "What did you say that I did not deserve? Of my manners I cannot be proud. You were right in all that you said regarding them. I can only apologize." Elizabeth took a small step back and stared at him in wonder. "I had not the least thought of my words being taken so seriously. And now, how can you apologize when I attacked you in front of your family? I should be the one to make apologies! And indeed, I do feel a great amount of shame. I know not what possessed me to behave in such a way! Can you forgive me, sir?" "Of course, it is already done." Darcy said with a small bow. And then deciding to take a risk he offered her his arm and added. "Let us begin anew, Miss Elizabeth, and see if maybe we can be better friends in the future." Cautiously Elizabeth nodded and took his arm as he led her back to rest of the party. They all spoke together a while more before the men regretfully bade the ladies farewell and left for their own homes.
(I'm sorry for any mistakes or misspelled words from here on out, I've only edited up to here. The rest is a rough draft, please be patient and thanks for reading) . . . . Chapter 6 Elizabeth Bennet had only just stepped into the room she shared with Jane when her sister eagerly pulled her toward the chaise. "Jane," she laughed as she sat, "is there something you would like to speak of?" "Lizzy, don't tease! Please, I must know your thoughts regarding our callers this morning." It had been a full day, but Elizabeth knew that Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy's call from that morning had stayed at the forefront of Jane's mind. Finally, night had fallen, and the sisters would soon ready themselves for bed, but first, a conversation. "It's not for me to have an opinion, dear sister. The visit was obviously meant to gain your favor." At her saintly sister's look of exasperation, Elizabeth giggled but continued more seriously. "I'm glad now that I told you everything that happened in Kent for I feel it has suddenly become necessary information." "You mean because now I know his instability?" "Yes, you know a more of his character, his opinion of our family and, I apologize, sister, the impression others have of you." "That I am cold and feel nothing?" "I know that isn't true, darling, but… but you do have some decisions before you." "Which decisions do you refer to?" "I mean that if we assume that Mr. Bingley loves you, and I do believe him coming here means just that, then you need to decide if you love him back. I know you felt something for him before but how do you feel now?" Jane was quiet for a moment, and then taking Elizabeth's hand she said. "Yes, I do." Resolutely she continued, "I know you wish he was more firm in his own mind. But he does not need to please you Lizzy and I- I cannot hold his amiability against him, for it is one of the qualities I admire in him." "Is it amiability to abandon one's own beliefs?" "Lizzy, I don't wish to be harsh, but I think that's your pride speaking." "My what?" Elizabeth exclaimed. "I am very sorry… but you know you are often too pleased with your own opinions. You pride yourself on your discernment and you have valued yourself by your abilities of drawing characters but often judge them very harshly for your own amusement. No, please let me finish," Jane insisted as Elizabeth looked to interrupt. "I do not mean to injure your feelings, dear sister, but it is the truth. Please, put those things aside for a moment and consider the situation from his perspective. Think of – I'm sorry to say – the avaricious impression our mother may have given him. And his most trusted friend and his family advised against me. Can you honestly tell me that if the three most beloved people in your life took you aside to seriously warn and alert you to a dangerous person, that you would flout that advice? Say, if I, our father and our aunt Madeline all warned you against a new acquaintance?" Jane paused to let her words sink in then added. "Besides, Mr. Bingley did not know I had come to London. He expressed that point most fervently." Elizabeth considered Jane's words in silence for a few minutes. Jane's gentle nature rarely allowed a rebuke to anyone but now she had called Elizabeth prideful. Was she prideful? Elizabeth set this question aside for the moment to think, as her sister had asked, of Mr. Bingley. As she did, she found herself softening toward the errant Mr. Bingley. It would take a lot of courage to go against one's family and friends then make yourself vulnerable to someone who you were unsure of returning your affections, Elizabeth thought. And without the knowledge of Jane's fallowing him to London, he had no strong basis for believing in Jane's affection over the words of this friends. "Perhaps I have judged him too harshly. He has always made you happy and made reasonable decisions based on the information he had." Elizabeth smiled at her sister and added. "I know he is a good sort of man; I just hated to see you sad." Jane leaned over and gave her a hug. "I know, and I love you too." For a moment both were silent and then Jane stood to start preparing herself for bed. Elizabeth stood to help her, and Jane said. "Do you really think this visit means so much? He is a very friendly person and maybe just wanted to visit someone from Hertfordshire. I don't want to be like- like some people and read more into a situation then is warranted." "Normally I would agree that you should be cautious. But I know from Mr. Darcy that he was serious in his intentions last fall. And after our row, Mr. Darcy is sure to know the expectations he is creating by bringing him here. But now that brings to mind what I was going to say earlier, Jane dear. If you do love him, you may need to behave differently then you are used to." "What? Surely you are not suggesting I behave in a less than a ladylike manner?" "Of course not, but if you love him, then you need to trust him enough to expose your real feeling to him, at least a little. And not just your positive ones either, you need to show him when you are upset or hurt. If you proceed in your sweet, selfless behavior then you will find yourself passed over for his louder friends and family. For if, in this instance, amiability is expressed by his willingness to change his plans for others, then you need to let your wishes be known too or you can never be happy. And he could not be happy without some means to please you." Jane looked thoughtful but after a moment nodded her head. "I think you are right. It will feel odd to try and impose my will on anyone, even if it is just my preferences, but I do see your point." Not many more words were spoken between them before both were readied and climbed into bed. After a quiet goodnight and few moments, Jane fell asleep but Elizabeth lay awake thinking. Elizabeth considered herself wise enough to listen to the words others. Especially the people she respected. And now? Jane, beloved Jane, had called her to task. Was it wrong to laugh at others? Surely it was harmless to be amused at the foibles of others. People often made themselves ridiculous and instead of laughing should she instead be annoyed? Or even angry? No, she could not, it was in her nature to laugh. And certainly, it was necessary for her, a survival skill from being constantly surrounded by the family she had been born into. Her father encouraged her by enjoying her little witticisms, indeed it was a trait that she had learned from her father. But Elizabeth could not enjoy the comparison between herself to her father. For while they did share that, and many other traits Elizabeth could not respect her father. She loved him very much and appreciated the freedom and attention he gave her, but she knew that the current state of their family was in large part due to his desire to laugh at the expense of others. While the trait was not wholly wrong, Elizabeth could see how it would cause her to be cynical and petty. She did not think it had gone too far yet in her own case but decided to be weary of it in the future and give everyone their fair chance before laughing at their follies. With this determination in mind Elizabeth fell easily into sleep and passed the rest of the night in a peaceful slumber. The next morning and indeed the next as well, passed very similarly. Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy called in the morning and had a pleasant visit. Mr. Darcy was still quiet, but Elizabeth felt he was attempting to be more polite. She still could not like him for despite him bringing Mr. Bingley back into their lives, she could not forget what his real opinion was of her and her family. Also, she still held the matter of Lt. Wickham's inheritance against him. He could not truly be a man of honour having deprived a good man of his livelihood. But he kept mostly to himself and was polite, so Elizabeth did her best to accept him gracefully. The only hinderance to these tranquil feelings for Mr. Darcy were that every so often she would notice him looking at her and this caused her much confusion. For while he had always looked at her a great deal she had always assume it was in a negative way. However, since she had seen his more unguarded expressions at Rosings, she felt she recognized his expression as being more intense, almost impassioned rather than severe. She did not know what to make of this and so put it out of her mind as often as she could. It was much easier to concentrate on Mr. Bingley and his delightful manners. There was a brightness to Mr. Bingley's manners that could not help but please. He caused a simple morning call to feel as festive as ball and made what could be an awkward group, into the best of friends. And while he made everyone feel included and animated, it was clear his main goal was pleasing Jane. He preference was even more pronounced then it had been that fall. Jane was also more expressive then before. She was still sweet and attentive to all, but that she had a preference for Mr. Bingley was no longer so well hidden. Both people seemed excessively happy in each other's company and Elizabeth could not be more happy for them. ….. Mr. Darcy stared into the flame dancing in his study fireplace. It had been another strenuous day for him. It was difficult to be so close to Elizabeth but unable to touch her or even interact dependably. He spent every day trying not to think about her, every night dreaming of her and yet could not even speak to her when he was finally in her presence. She was everything polite to him but never wanted to engage in conversation with him. He was determined to keep trying but found it draining to put himself forward in a room full of virtual strangers. Mr. Darcy knew that he actually liked the people in the Gardener home, his delight in Elizabeth was obvious (delightful creature that she was) and Jane was everything pleasant. He found her aunt and uncle to be intelligent and gracious, even the young Miss Lucas could be charming in her desire to please. And maybe if he felt less, if he was more settled in his relationship with Elizabeth, he would enjoy the time spent at the Gardeners. As it stood presently though, Darcy just hoped he could make some progress with Elizabeth. He did not know how much longer he could go without letting his feelings burst out of his mouth. He half hoped, half feared a moment alone with her for he suspected his heart would overcome his mind and he tell her all.
Dear readers, I'm sorry for the somewhat long, and unnecessary beginning of this chapter. I realize some people will not care much about the individual personalities of the Gardener children, however I find that writing comes easier to me when I have clear mental picture of the setting the characters are in. Especially the social environment, you'll notice that I don't write physical descriptions of characters or rooms like I probably should, but I find those things easy to imagine and less impactful on the behaviors of my characters. As always, thank you for reading. Chapter 7 Though she often missed her country walks, Elizabeth loved her time spent at the Gardeners. The daily routine was very different, at home in Longborne she usually awoke with the sun, she loved spending the quiet early hours walking through the awakening world. Even at home she knew it was not fashionable, and her mother and sisters always insisted on sleeping in until nine or ten, often teasing Elizabeth for her unpopular ways. However, in the country and with her father's endorsement, Elizabeth was allowed the freedom to awaken when she naturally wished to. There was less freedom in London, but Elizabeth could not change. Despite the fashion being to stay abed until almost noon, Elizabeth's body would not adjust. No matter how late she was up the night before, her eyes would open shortly after dawn. Her uncle did awaken early to check on his businesses, but she was not invited or even allowed to participate. She was not allowed a walk by herself or even at all that early because her relatives had few servants and they were all necessary for preparing for the day. Her aunts sitting room was adjacent to the master bedroom and so unavailable for Elizabeth feared disturbing her aunt's rest. The formal parlor felt odd to her and was often being prepared during that time. In short Elizabeth felt out of place and awkward in the early mornings when she was unable to move around much. The one perfect saving grace to the affair was her time spent with her little nieces and nephews. Like most children, her nieces and nephews found that they could not match the schedules of their elders and were all awake by seven in the morning. Elizabeth soon happily settled into a routine of reading quietly outside of the nursery until she heard signs of the children and then joining them. Their nurse was a kindly lady in her thirties and Elizabeth would usually help the two girls get dressed and talk with them while the nurse helped the boys. The nurse would then produce a small breakfast for the children. My true goal in spending time in the nursery! Elizabeth laughed to herself. Fashionable breakfast was not until eleven, and Elizabeth found it very difficult to wait until then to break her fast. But no, while the food is appreciated, I am actually glad for my current routine for it allows me to spend time with these delightful little people. Emma, who at eight years of age considered herself quite the lady, loved to talk to Elizabeth during these times. It was actually seemed to Elizabeth that Emma never stopped talking and had to be reminded often to allow others to join the conversation and not speak over others. But Emma was a bright little thing with an unparalleled imagination, so her conversation was rarely boring. Margaret, or Maggy as the family called her, was quieter than her sister but it was Elizabeth's opinion that this was by necessity rather than by nature for the few times she had gotten little Maggy alone the child had spoken very happily to her. It seemed to Elizabeth the she was just used to being overshadowed by her sister. This belief sometimes made Elizabeth wonder how drastically her own personality would be different if Jane was more like Emma. In any case, Maggy got her share of the attention by being everything sweet. She loved to give Elizabeth little gifts of drawing, flowers or pretty stones. She was also more physically affectionate then her sister, loving to sit on Elizabeth's lap or give her little hugs. She was also very vain, and every morning wished to wear her best dresses, despite being told nearly every morning that she could not. Edward was a very active sort of boy, which Elizabeth knew was frequently the case with young gentlemen but could often find it overwhelming to have him running in circles around her for any length of time. He had a hard time sitting still and needed constant activity or would get boorish with his siblings. He was not a bad child, simply high energy and when they took walks Elizabeth found she preferred him to the others who would soon complain of the distance. Thomas was a very serious child of two years. He would often find a quiet corner of the room to build with blocks or carefully arrange his toys into some kind of order only he understood. Already he had learned all his letters and most of his letters, simply because he wished too, his nurse had not been trying to teach him. And of all of them, he was most physically affectionate. He loved to cuddle and give kisses to Elizabeth and she often found her heart melting at his sweet gestures. So, it was that in this loud, active, joyful and loving company Elizabeth spent her early mornings. She had only been in London six days and already she felt this time was essential to her happiness. She still missed her morning ramble but found that afternoon walks, while not the same, were able to satisfy her very well. At nine the children were set about their lessons and Elizabeth would return to the room she shared with Jane. Jane was usually starting to awaken then and they would help each other get ready for the day and speak amiably together until breakfast. Their aunt Gardener would sometimes join them, and they would plan their day or discuss anything they felt needed it. This morning their aunt had particular subjects she wished to speak with them of. "Lizzy, as you know we had not been expecting you until tomorrow as so all our arranged outings were to begin the day after next." "Oh, aunt, you do not need to entertain me. I'm a happy to spend time with your family! You know how I adore your children." "I do and let me just say they have been loving their mornings with you, thank you. But necessary or not, I have a few plans I have arranged for our enjoyment. Now, you already know that your uncle and I have procured us tickets to the theater for Tuesday night but as that is four days from now. In the meantime, I have a surprise for you. Your father has sent money to your uncle, enough for you both to have a couple new dresses. We shall have a fine time choosing every aspect of two complete ensembles for both of you. They are to be very fine too, as it is my opinion, especially as it concerns you Jane, that you will soon have need of new formal wear." With this comment their aunt raised a knowing brow at Jane. Jane, of course, blushed and rushed to express that she had no such expectations of the future. Elizabeth and Mrs. Gardener just smirked at each other. Mr. Bingley was now too aware of his situation and Jane's feelings for his attentions to be merely friendly. Even Jane believed this but was too modest to admit it to any but Elizabeth. "This reminds me Elizabeth. Mr. Darcy has been quite the regular visitor here these three days. I wonder what he could mean by it." Despite her words, their aunt's words were knowing rather then questioning. "I to, wonder that Aunt." "Come now, surely we have some guess as to why he comes every day simply to smile and look at you." Now it was Elizabeth's turn to blush, for her aunts meaning was clear. "I assure you Aunt, you have misinterpreted the situation. I have heard it from Mr. Darcy's own mouth the he finds me unattractive." "Recently?" "No, you know I refer to the comment he made at the assembly." "I do remember you telling me. But perhaps his opinion has changed." "Doesn't one know immediately if they find another attractive?" "I don't know, what did you think of Mr. Darcy before he was rude to you?" "I-I hardly remember. My impression of was colored so much by his haughty demeanor. I guess I thought him handsome. Very handsome, I will own." "Perhaps his initial opinion was colored in a similar way by your surroundings and it was more the situation he found distasteful then your person." "Aunt, I have no reason to think he likes me at all. He hardly speaks to me." "He hardly speaks to anyone. Maybe he's just a quiet person, but when he does speak its usually to you. And if he has no interest, why is he here every morning?" Elizabeth had no answer except to suggest that maybe he was supporting his friend, but internally she knew that the first visit would have been plenty to express his approval. Thankfully her aunt reminded them of the happy prospect of new clothes and the conversation changed. Shortly after the ladies went down to breakfast. They talked animatedly of the fabrics and details they hoped to find. After breakfast they set out to return some of the calls that had been paid to them recently. Jane had hinted to Mr. Bingley the day before that she would need to do this and that maybe a later call would be better this day. And so, it was that for two hours Elizabeth and Jane did their best to be graceful and engaging to several of their aunts acquittances. Early calls such as this were not with close friends but rather made for politeness sake, yet they were pleasant nonetheless. Jane and Elizabeth enjoyed the new characters they met, and the sisters were as popular as ever. The sisters were loved wherever they went for together for they were the perfect guests; Jane was all kindness and Elizabeth interesting conversation. They were the both of them very comfortable with social conversation and had trained themselves extensively in putting others at ease. Upon returning to the Gardener home they were almost immediately visited by Mr. Bingley, his sister Caroline, a friend of hers named Eleanor Sinclair and Colonel Fitzwilliam. Elizabeth was surprised by this grouping for several reasons. She found she liked Eleanor almost immediately, which she would not have expected of a friend of Caroline Bingley. She was also surprised by Colonel Fitzwilliam's presence but happily so for while their last interaction was a bit tense, he had been a good friend to her. What astonished her most however, was that she found herself slightly disappointed that Mr. Darcy had not come. Not long into the visit Elizabeth asked Col. Fitzwilliam after his cousin, only out of politeness, of course. "Oh, yes, Darcy sends his greeting and apologizes for his absence. He has stayed at home today in order to welcome his sister. She had been visiting my parents over the last month but with Darcy back at their townhome she has decided to join him." The colonel seemed pleased with his cousin's return, so Elizabeth asked more. "Do you spend much time with Miss Darcy? You have mentioned that you share the guardianship over her." "I do, and I couldn't be more please to do so. She is a lovely girl and I am excessively fond of her." "I am surprised at your attitude. It is an odd thing is it not, for two bachelors? Having had some experience with young ladies myself, I am surprised she does not give you more trouble then you let on." "Her current age is a difficult period for either gender I believe. However, she is of a sweet temperament and enjoys pleasing Darcy and I as much as we enjoy spoiling her." "Sound like an ideal situation then." Elizabeth said with a smile, though inwardly she guessed it not quite as comfortable as he claimed. For she had heard from Lt. Wickham, who was certainly less biased, that Miss Darcy had become a proud and aloof person. "Yes, and in speaking of her, Darcy and I would both very much like to introduce the two of you. Could I, or do I ask too much, arrange that call for tomorrow morning?" Elizabeth knew she could claim to be out tomorrow morning and the Colonel, amiable man that he was, would take then hint. And while she did not particularly wish to know Miss Darcy, she was curious and not immune to the honour of such a call. "I am sure I would love to meet Miss Darcy, I shall probably be home all morning tomorrow. Nevertheless, I am quite at my aunt's service, so I will have to confirm with her." "Of course. I would not want to inconvenience your wonderful aunt. Perhaps, if the call goes well, we should all visit Hyde park afterwards. It is a very pleasant walk and we could maybe pack a picnic?" This idea was quickly passed around the room and everyone agreed it sounded very pleasant, so the plan was settled. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Mr. Darcy loved his sister very much and was very happy to see her. She arrived in the early afternoon and they spent a quiet but pleasant few hours catching up and enjoying each other's company. However, despite this joy, Darcy could not help but regret the loss of his visit with Miss Elizabeth. So when his cousin James joined them for dinner and spoke of his time spent with Miss Elizabeth, Darcy found himself annoyed. Internally Darcy admitted that he was actually jealous. His cousin and his love had always enjoyed an easy friendship and especially since James had spoken to him in her defense and interest, Darcy had disliked this friendship. He knew their relationship to be unromantic, yet it still irritated him. I'm probably just not used to sharing. He thought, as I am all but an only child. I find I do not like James having friendly loyalty to Elizabeth as it sometimes conflicts with his loyalty to me. Darcy knew this a selfish feeling and so did his best to put it away. When James outlined his plan to introduce Georgiana to Miss Elizabeth and then go out as a group, his sister excitedly agreed. She had heard much of the Misses Bennets and eagerly wished to meet them. After dinner Georgiana played for them on her pianoforte and then retired to her rooms. Almost as soon as she had quitted the room James settled himself into an arm chair and smirked at Darcy. "Miss Bennet seem disappointed with your absence." He said suggestively. "What did she say?" "Nothing much, her disappointment was confined to her air. But I found a difference then in her attitude at Rosings." He paused and then added. "I was a little surprised to find that you have visited her three mornings in a row." "You are a gossip, James. Worse than any woman." "I simply take an interest in the happiness of my favorite cousin." "I'll be sure to let Georgiana know of your preference." "Bah, Georgie is secure in my affections. But don't try to change the subject." He expression turned serious. "I had thought you would walk away from the connection after Rosings. But you are serious, you intend to pursue her." "Yes, if you must meddle in my affairs. I admit that my pride was hurt by both her words and the understanding that she disliked me. But I soon realized that she did not know me. That I knew her through mostly observation and she had had no such chance at understanding of my character. I am only glad I did not propose to her in Kent as I had previously intended. For then I would have had to quit her company without an opportunity to change her opinion." "And so that it's is your plan? That with a better understanding Miss Elizabeth is certain to love you?" "Do not be so sarcastic, cousin. What else can I do?" "You must at least hint at your attentions. Despite your actions, Miss Elizabeth has heard from your own mouth your dislike of her person and family." After a moment of thought Darcy had to knowledge the truth of this statement. He knew now that she had overheard the rude comment he had made when he had first seen her. Having that as the biases for all interaction afterwards she might not realize how drastically his opinion had changed. "I cannot declare my feelings outside of a proposal and if I did propose she might still turn me down flat. I must wait and trust in her intelligence." "Have you considered a courtship?" Darcy was dumbstruck by his own stupidity. He ought to have realized a courtship was his best strategy. She would not have to give him anything, no promise would be asked for and thus little risk of her turning him down. While from his side, they'd be allowed a bit more privacy, he be allowed to take her places, spend more time with her and even give her little gifts. He found he was excited at the prospect of wooing her. He gave a half smile to his cousin. "of course, you are right. I will ask her as soon as the opportunity presents itself." James grinned. "Lucky for you we are all to spend the whole afternoon together tomorrow. I can easily imagine a person being able to have private word with another during the course of such an excursion." "Is that why you arranged the picnic? Did you have this conversation already planned?" Darcy laughed. "you are a meddling old woman!" "That's a fine thank you!" James grumbled but didn't deny it. "I don't know if tomorrow could work, I will need to speak to her uncle beforehand. Though I suppose I could ask for an interview while the rest of you make your call…." Darcy considered. James agreed and then allowed the subject to change to other subjects. For which Darcy was grateful as he did not like to speak to openly of Elizabeth or his feelings for her. It was too private, too insecure a feeling to speak to others about. However, he had to also be grateful to James for his support of the relationship. Throughout the rest of the conversation a small part of Darcy grew increasingly excited over the prospect of wooing Elizabeth, a courtship would be just the right strategy to win her heart.
here's the next chapter! I hope you like it! thank you for your reviews. . . . . . Chapter 8 Torn between excitement and nervousness, Fitzwilliam Darcy sat silently before Mr. Gardener. Darcy had requested an audience with him upon entering the abode but found he lacked the words to express his love and determination in a calm manner. More than anything he did not wish to offend or anger the man who was the gatekeeper of Elizabeth's time. An awkward moment passed and then to Darcy's surprise, Mr. Gardener smiled and spoke first. "My wife and I suspected that you would soon honor me with a private discussion." "Yes, I- I appreciate you agreeing to speak with me." Darcy said and then paused, again at a loss for words. "This is about Elizabeth." Stated the unflustered Mr. Gardener. His manner seemed open and forthright and Darcy found his thoughts calming in the presence of the stable gentlemen. "Indeed. I have come to ask your permission to speak to Miss Elizabeth of a courtship. I have for some time admired your niece. I do have the most serious and gentlemanly intentions and I swear to be respectful towards Elizabeth." Darcy rushed to assure. "Indeed, it is my most fervent hope to make her my wife. I am of a good family; the Darcys have owned Pemberley for nearly three hundred years and have a good name in the community. I am well able to support her; my income is steady and besides Pemberley I have a house in town and one in the south. I am more than willing to give you the particulars of my finances if you wish." Gardener shook his head and held up a hand, indicating that Darcy could stop. There was a brief pause and then Gardener responded. "You need not give me those particulars, at least, not yet. I know who you are and know enough simply from rumor can be satisfied with your situation. However, I am surprised somewhat, that you wish for a formal courtship. I admit I thought you would simply inform me of your intention to propose. A courtship for a man of your… standing with a woman of Elizabeth's background is unusual in that most would think you would simply propose if you wished to marry her. A Courtship gives her a lot more power." Mr. Gardener's words were a statement, but his tone indicated a test, so Darcy treated it as one. "I admit I am not proud of the behavior that I exhibited towards Miss Elizabeth at beginning of our acquaintance. I was… boorish at times. I did not realize the extent of my offense. I actually thought us to be getting on well. I was wrong. It was made known to me in Kent that Miss Elizabeth had a very different perspective of our friendship and I find myself… needing to overcome her previous impression of me." "I see. Well, I am not her father, so I cannot truly give you permission. But I can allow you to ask her, and if she agrees then I shall write her father." "Thank you. If all proceeds as I hope, I may be available to deliver that letter." At Gardeners confused expression Darcy explained. "I will go to Mr. Bennet and announce my intentions myself if I get a favorable answer from Elizabeth." Mr. Gardener raised a disapproving eyebrow and for second Darcy was confused as to why, then recognized his slip. "I apologize, I meant if Miss Elizabeth honors me with a favorable answer." Mr. Gardener nodded and then stood, offering his hand to shake. "Then I wish you luck." The men shook hands and then rejoined the group in the parlor. There were a few curious glances from the group wondering what the tête-à-tête had been about, but no hints were given and soon everyone went back to their conversations. Mr. Bingley, was of course, there. Also, in attendance was his sister Caroline, her friend Eleanor Sinclair and that ladies' brother Henry Sinclair. Mr. Darcy had asked the Colonel to be a few minutes late to the group to allow him to speak with Mr. Gardener and then also be present for the introduction between Elizabeth and Georgiana. Finding new boldness in the permission of her guardian, Darcy settled himself right next to Elizabeth with a smile. He would not usually be so marked in his attentions, but he had to keep reminding himself that he wanted to create expectations. She seemed a little surprised but favored him with a smile and asked after his welfare. He replied in the positive and asked about hers in return. The words exchanged were almost trite in substance, but Darcy kept his eyes boldly on her own and a smile on his lips that, he hoped, expressed his pleasure in speaking with her. For a short moment both looked and smiled at each other in a way that sent Darcy's heart soaring. Then she looked away, seemingly embarrassed and confused. That is just fine, my love. Your smile is enough, even if you're unsure of your feelings. At least you're not sure of your dislike anymore. Just then, Henry Sinclair returned to Miss Elizabeth's other side with her refilled cup of tea. He presented her with it and bowed slightly at her thanks. "My pleasure, Miss Elizabeth." Then when she took a sip he sent an annoyed glance at Darcy as if it were Darcy who was intruding. Darcy himself was caught between being entertained by the man's presumption or jealous of Miss Elizabeth's attention. He decided on entertained and returned a smirk in the man's direction. Mr. Sinclair ignored it and remarked to Elizabeth. "I am diverted, Miss Elizabeth, by your interest in Scottish literature. It cannot be very good, I am sure. I have visited on occasion, that land, and can assure you the people are quite barbaric." "All of them, Mr. Sinclair?" "The vast majority I am sure." "Sir Walter Scot's poetry was very well received by all." "The Lady of the Lake, was beautiful, I grant you. But I can think of no other Scottish authors I appreciated." Mr. Darcy was pleased to be presented the opportunity to disagree with man and agree with Elizabeth. "I believe I have enjoyed many Scottish works. The Cottagers of Glenburnie was very enjoyable, and the playwright was not only Scottish but also a woman." This comment earned him a smile and then she turned back to Mr. Sinclair. "There are many examples, I know you cannot be in earnest. Surely you are too well educated to have not read or seen many great works done by the Scottish." This was said with a teasing tone, but Elizabeth had easily trapped Mr. Sinclair into agreeing with her, for if he held his point he must seem uneducated. "I myself have recently finished The Scottish Chiefs by Jane Porter was deeply impressed." "Were you?" Darcy asked. "I am happy to hear that, for I have recently bought it and now can look forward to having someone to discuss it with." "Oh, yes I would like that. I read it while in Kent, before you arrived and have had no one to discuss it with. I usually have my father for such conversations but alas, we have been separated now nearly two months." Mr. Sinclair looked between Darcy and Elizabeth, apparently displeased with the turn in conversation and said quickly, before Darcy could respond, "I am sure you are right about the quality of this book. But surely you know it is not the… fashion." "Ah, and now, Mr. Sinclair, you have discovered one of my most appalling faults. I give little care to fashion. Even in clothes I appreciate more the classical, then the vogue. Thankfully I but a simple country Miss and need not be always at the height of fashion." "No one who has met you could find anything lacking." Mr. Sinclair responded gallantly but perhaps more out of habit then sincerity for he himself was dressed in only the very latest of fashions. Darcy thought him to be a bit of a dandy but had never disliked the man, until now at least. Indeed, he found his dislike for the man raising in proportion with the length of his conversation with Elizabeth. Thankfully just as it seemed that Mr. Sinclair would try a different line of conversation, Colonel Fitzwilliam and Georgiana entered the room. Darcy hurried to stand beside his sister and gently introduced her around. Georgiana knew the Bingleys and Sinclairs already, which was a blessing for her shyness, but she still blushed and was quiet after her introduction to Elizabeth. Darcy was momentarily concerned over her silence, for he had great hopes for a friendship between them. Thankfully after a moment Elizabeth's vivacity came through and her lighthearted conversation started to bring out his sister's interest. They spoke of common place things like their recent travels and the weather in London, but unlike if Darcy had attempted these conversations, it seemed a lively and interesting conversation. This wonderful trait of Elizabeth's was one of the first things that had attracted Darcy to her. He found nothing interesting to say in company, conversely everything was interesting when discussed by Elizabeth. Such was her charisma that the most banal topics were rendered spellbinding by her apparent regard. After a few minutes she led Georgiana to Maria Lucas's seat and included her in the conversation. Miss Lucas was the same age as Georgiana and while they didn't share many interests their shared ages allowed for some easy comradery. The Colonel and Mr. Gardener joined Darcy and Mr. Sinclair but after only a few minutes it was suggested that they head off to park. It took some time to arrange everyone for travel, especially as it had been decided that the children could join the party. But finally, everyone had found a spot in one of the carriages and had accomplished the short drive without an issue. It was decided by all that they would all make the walk around the circumference of the park before settling down for the picnic. After a few moments of natural shuffling everyone settled themselves into smaller groups. The Gardeners walked together with their two daughters, Little Thomas was first carried by Jane then was quickly taken by Mr. Bingley who worried the small boy would tire Jane out. They were joined by Mr. Sinclair and the four made merry party as they laughed with the little boy and spoke easily together. Miss Bingley and Miss Sinclair walked with their heads together, which happily left Darcy, the Colonel, Georgiana and Elizabeth to watch over the young Master Gardener. Edward Gardener spent the first few moments of the walk literally running in circles around their little group while the Colonel forwarded conversation between Elizabeth and Miss Darcy. For the moment Mr. Darcy was happy to walk slightly behind the group and watch the two ladies get acquainted with each other. It was such a fine picture, with family and good friends ahead, a little boy playing around them and his sister's fair head inclined towards beside Elizabeth's dark one, Darcy felt like he was seeing his own happily ever after. Mr. Darcy was interrupted from this pleasurable sight by Edward suddenly addressing him. "I found- I was walking and I, and I, there was a rock and I, I found it and I picked it up. Do you like it?" he stammered excitedly. Like a lot of small children, Edward was so busy doing, that he would often be too distracted to speak full, sensible sentences and had a particularly hard time explaining past events. The rock was completely nondescript, but Darcy addressed him very seriously and agreed that it was fine rock. This Darcy soon realized this had been a mistake as the rock was given into his care, quickly followed by another and then another until he was being passed so many rocks that he had to start surreptitiously dropping a few as to not overflow his pockets. But what else could he do but accept each new rock? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Elizabeth was enjoying her conversation with Miss Darcy immensely, a fact that confused her very much. She had thought she had known what Miss Darcy would be like and had been prepared to dislike her. But almost as soon as she had met the young woman she had realized her to be shy but eager for a friendship between them. She was dressed in the finest quality but simply nonetheless and her manner was that of a girl hoping to please. In short, she was in everything the exact opposite of Lt. Wickham's description of her. Elizabeth almost wanted to ask if there was another Miss Darcy, for there could not be no other sensible reason for Lt. Wickham to describe this girl as proud. What can it mean? Could it be that she has changed this drastically since Mr. Wickham has last seen her? Or perhaps she had been rude to Lt. Wickham under the influence of Mr. Darcy, for I know her brother must have spoken to her against their childhood friend. Elizabeth thought, but she looked at Miss Darcy again and could not believe it of her new friend. She does not seem like she could be aloof if she wanted too. Quiet maybe, maybe gently trying to escape an association, but proud? No, he simply must have misunderstood. But this explanation also could not ring true for she remembered clearly Lt. Wickham's words regarding Miss Darcy. "I wish I could call her amiable. It gives me pain to speak ill of a Darcy. But she is too much like her brother—very, very proud. As a child, she was affectionate and pleasing, and extremely fond of me; and I have devoted hours and hours to her amusement. But she is nothing to me now." (Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice, pt. 1, ch. 16) Elizabeth was horrified by her memory of his words. For as unjust as they were she realized with true disgust that she had enjoyed this description. She had been filled with delicious smugness at his account and even the words 'she is nothing to me now' had been maliciously pleasing to Elizabeth. She glanced at her young companion and could not help but be ashamed of her previous attitude. Elizabeth did her best to hide her distress and speak amiably to both the Colonel and Miss Darcy. The conversation itself was not difficult, her companions were both intelligent and agreeable people. When Elizabeth revealed her intention of going to the theater on Tuesday Miss Darcy turned to her brother to ask if they might join them. Mr. Darcy came closer to join the conversation and it was soon agreed that, given the Gardeners permission, they were all go together. Suddenly the Colonel reached out and snagged Edward as the boy made yet another lap around the group. He swung the boy up and ruffled his hair. "Master Gardener, you are a wonder, where does all this energy come from?" The boy only giggled in response. "I have it on good authority that Miss Darcy has brought an old roll or two for the ducks. Perhaps if we ask very nicely she will share one with us, what do you think?" When Miss Darcy agreed that she did have such an item and could be convinced to share, Elizabeth was again surprised. She would have thought such a habit to be under the Darcy dignity. But then, maybe she had overestimated that trait. Miss Darcy, the Colonel and Edward turned off the main path toward the duck pond and Elizabeth started after them but paused when Mr. Darcy touched her arm. "I beg a moment of your time, Miss Elizabeth." Elizabeth was confused but saw no reason to refuse him. But instead of speaking he just stared at her a moment. Then seemly frustrated his removed his hat and ran his hand through his hair, this he fallowed by turning around and taking a few steps away. Then quickly he returned and to her surprise he claimed her hand and held it tightly. "Miss Elizabeth, I must tell you- I admire you greatly and feel- very strongly for you." Elizabeth's astonishment was beyond expression. She stared, coloured, doubted, and was silent. "I have spoken to your uncle and indeed, with your permission I will speak to your father as well- it is my greatest desire that you would allow me to court you." Still Elizabeth could think of no response. This was simply too far from her reality, Mr. Darcy liked her? He admired her? Her mind and feelings were a jumble of confusion, old anger and surprise. But as she stared she became more aware of her hand in his and realized that he had started to stroke it gently with his thumb. She looked up into his eyes and her thoughts were arrested by the expression found there. He did admire her. The feelings betrayed in his face were obvious and intense, and with startling realization, Elizabeth recognized the expression as the less guarded version of the look he often had while staring at her across the room. How long had she misinterpreted his expressions? "Miss Elizabeth, I'm sorry if I have surprised you. I know that our… friendship has been at times, well, less than ideal. I am quite ashamed of my early behavior to you. That is why I am asking for a courtship. I have honorable, serious intentions towards you Miss Elizabeth, and am- quite firm in my wishes for the future but I realize that we made need some time to overcome our past." Mr. Darcy paused and then took a small step closer. "Please, Miss Elizabeth." Elizabeth had to glance away from his intense eyes, as she did she noticed his coat pockets bulging oddly. Without thinking Elizabeth asked "What's that in your pockets? Darcy gave a short laugh and pulled out a handful of small rocks from each pocket showing them to her. "Master Edward's treasures of course, I have been charged with their safe keeping." "Yes." She breathed. "Yes?" "Yes, I would be honored to accept a courtship with you."
So this is the result of an agonizing day of writer's... frustration? confusion? idk, I do know where I want the story to go but for some reason this chapter just refused to come easily. In any case I hope you like it and stick with me for more :) . . . . . . . . . . Chapter 9 "You are joking, Lizzy. This cannot be!—Mr. Darcy has asked for a courtship? No, no, you shall not deceive me. I know it to be impossible." "That is a wretched response indeed! My sole dependence was on you; for if anybody is to accept and be happy it should be you. Yet, indeed, I am in earnest." Jane looked at her doubtingly. "Oh, Lizzy! it cannot be. I know how much you dislike him." "I don't dislike him. Or at least… oh I don't know. I am so conflicted! Every moment I think I erred in giving him that response. Yet also every moment I think it good that I accepted." "Lizzy, can you explain?" Jane said as she sat beside Elizabeth. It was the night after their picnic and Elizabeth had kept the news to herself all day. It had been difficult at times for she was almost overcome with conflicting emotions, but she also did not know how to tell anyone. She thought perhaps the Colonel knew for he winked at her when he had returned from the duck pond. And the questioning looks from both her uncle and aunt had seemed to convey knowledge of situation, but Elizabeth had disregarded them all. For upon her response to his question, Mr. Darcy had smiled like she had never seen him before and had kissed both her hands. He had not pushed for more on the subject but had stayed close to her the rest of the afternoon. In a sudden switch from all she knew of him, Mr. Darcy was attentive, happy and expressive. He had smiled at her whenever they had locked eyes and had found little excuses to touch her arm or care for her. When it had been time to part he had again smiled that breathtaking smile, with both dimples on display and with a gallant bow he'd kissed her hand. Elizabeth did not know what to think. Mr. Darcy was still quiet, tall and fastidious but it no longer seemed intimidating but rather dear somehow. His silent, haughty manner now seemed only a natural reserve. His fastidious opinions no longer seemed to come from pride but rather from experience with responsibility that forced him to be cautious. And of course, he was still very tall and handsome, his physical traits had not changed but for the first time Elizabeth could admit to herself that the cause of her heart beating faster in his presence might be less from intimidation then attraction. "I will try. But I confess, I could not have at the time. What I mean is, now that I have been given time to think I have several sensible reasons to have accepted a courtship with Mr. Darcy. But in the moment? I could not have given you one. At the time I- I could not think, I was so confused and then out of nowhere, I just wanted to say yes. I did without thought or understanding." "You like him." "Yes, well, I feel… attraction for him. Who could not? he is very handsome." "I don't." "Jane!" "Well, I don't. I just, I see a good man with technically very nice features. But, I don't know, I just do not feel that way around him." "That is because you have your Mr. Bingley." "My Mr. Bingley? Your Mr. Darcy, dear sister! Now I can return your teases and with more legitimacy then yours have!" "Oh no!" Elizabeth pretended to swoon and fell back onto the bed. Jane lay down next to her and they both laughed. "Lizzy, be serious. Other than his 'handsome' face. Why did you accept him?" "For all the usual reasons I suppose. He is rich and good and young. I would have been foolish to deny him out of hand." "I thought you wanted love." "I do! And it is true I do not love him. But maybe with a better understanding of him...? It is not an engagement after all." "You would have a courtship with him and then turn him down?" "If I felt I could not love or respect him; Yes, I would." They crawled under the blankets and Jane blew out the candles. After a moment of silence Jane said. "What of Lt. Wickham, Lizzy?" "I don't know, Jane. He has been much on my mind today though. Not entirely in a good way either. He was wrong about Miss Darcy. No, more than wrong, it seems almost… a lie." "Lizzy!" "No, I know. I- there must be some explanation for his description but it's just so wrong that there must be more to it than a simple misunderstanding." "And because of this you now doubt his story?" "No, no really. But it did confuse me. As for the rest. I will ask Mr. Darcy for the particulars. Maybe if Lt. Wickham was correct in his understanding of the situation then I can be an advocate for him. I could perhaps be the path to reconciliation for two long lost friends." Elizabeth said, liking the thought immensely. Jane, giggling, asked for the particulars of Mr. Darcy's words and manner during his request and Elizabeth acquiesced gladly. After she had remembered every detail to her sister, Elizabeth listened as Jane confided that Mr. Bingley had disclosed his intention of returning to Netherfield for the summer. A trip that just happened to coincide with their own trip back to Hertfordshire. Jane said that Mr. Bingley had made a point to express his desire to speak with her father again. Neither sister could remember a time that Mr. Bingley and their father had spoken more than a few words to each other, consequently this did seem like a hint from Mr. Bingley about his intentions. Elizabeth suggested that Jane simply inform her Mr. Bingley that while in his home Jane was in Mr. Gardiner's care; a fact that Mr. Darcy had already taken advantage of. Jane insisted she could not make such a hint until Elizabeth threatened to do so in her stead, then Jane changed her mind and said that she would try, only if it came up naturally. Provisionally satisfied with that answer Elizabeth ceased to tease her sister and soon after they both fell asleep. The next morning dawned gray and rainy but the weather was insufficient to dampen the domestic happiness of the Gardiner group as they attended their church services. They did not see Mr. Darcy, Mr. Bingley or any from their group as they attended a different church, but Elizabeth found little disappointment in this. In truth she was glad for more time to process the thought of courting Mr. Darcy before being confronted with the reality. She did not have long for her thoughts however for they had all been invited to dine that night with the Hursts. When they arrived that evening, Elizabeth observed that the Hurst's townhouse was not as large nor in as fashionable a neighborhood as they had been led to believe. As they were let into the parlor Elizabeth thought the decoration a tad ostentatious, but that it was an attractive house nonetheless. As they entered the room Mrs. Hurst stepped forward and welcomed them graciously, Mr. Hurst only nodded at them from across the room. Already the room was mostly full, the Bingley and Sinclair Siblings were already presents as were an unknown couple. This couple was a bit older, more of an age with Mr. Hurst and the Gardiners, and were introduced as the Richardsons. Mr. Richardson was a polite, pleasant sort of man and had probably been very handsome at one time, though he was now too heavy to own the title. Unfortunately, He seemed to agree with Mr. Hurst in his disinterest in company. He stood next Mr. Hurst, his port in hand, and spoke little. Mrs. Richardson seemed simply odd at first, but Elizabeth soon realized that she was 'in her cups' and was embarrassed. Thankfully, the drink only seemed to make her a bit giddy, not loud or angry. Thankfully they had only been minutes in the room when Mr. Darcy, Miss Darcy and Colonel Fitzwilliam arrived. Immediately after greeting his hosts Mr. Darcy approached Elizabeth and bowed over her hand. "Miss Elizabeth, you look especially well this evening." Again, Elizabeth was struck with expressiveness of his eyes. His glance was full of admiration and he seemed truly pleased to see her. She smiled and curtsied in return. Before she could do more, they were joined by Miss Darcy and the Colonel. "Miss Elizabeth, how are you this evening?" asked Colonel Fitzwilliam. "I am quite well. I have had a pleasant day with my family at services and then at home. We have been so busy lately that I appreciated the simple day." "Now I feel I apologize for my share of your tenuous social engagements!" "Oh yes, how arduous was that picnic yesterday? I declare, it quite exhausted me!" Elizabeth said dramatically but with a teasing smile. Miss Darcy looked slightly alarmed at this proclamation, but the Colonel only laughed. "I know what you mean though, London can be overwhelming." At this both Darcys nodded emphatically and Elizabeth had to stifle a laugh. She agreed with the Colonel but the serious, nearly forlorn looks on the faces of the Darcy siblings were amusing. "It is very busy here, is it not?" Miss Darcy added cautiously. "True." Elizabeth agreed. "I haven't progressed in any of my reading, music or embroidery that I brought with me. Nor will I for the next few days." "What will be keeping you so occupied?" Asked Miss Darcy. "I am shopping, there! I have ruined my reputation as intelligent girl. Mock me if you wish." Elizabeth laughed but couldn't help glancing at Mr. Darcy to see how he would react. Instead of teasing her though, all three of her companions looked confused. Mr. Darcy was the one to ask. "Miss Elizabeth, I do not understand. Why should shopping reflect badly on your intelligence? Is it not something that is required?" Elizabeth was bewildered for a moment. Mr. Bennet often enjoyed teasing his wife and daughters when they spoke of shopping, ribbon or fabrics. He called it silly and rolled his eyes at their vanity. Was that not the normal stance for men? "Yes, I do go with a reasonable purpose. But I confess to finding great enjoyment in it, while my tastes are fairly simple it is still great fun to order new things." "There is nothing wrong with that." Miss Darcy said eagerly. "It is a necessary task, why not find enjoyment in it? I know I do." "Then you will have to join me Miss Darcy." Elizabeth suggested. "We will be at the modiste tomorrow afternoon, if you are not busy you should join us!" Miss Darcy smiled and declared herself available and happy to come. That settled, Elizabeth politely asked after the plans of the gentlemen. Colonel Fitzwilliam said he was going to spend the day with his family. Mr. Darcy declared abruptly that his plans were unfixed at the moment. Elizabeth did not know the cause of his abruptness and annoyed by his attitude but determined not to let it bother her. Thus, she directed most of her conversation towards Miss Darcy or the Colonel until dinner was called. When the announcement was made Mr. Darcy immediately offered Elizabeth his arm and she accepted but she wished she did not have to. Instead of walking in right away though, Mr. Darcy held her slightly back and away from the others so in speaking quietly they would have privacy. "Miss Elizabeth, my plans for the morrow are unfixed because I wished to speak with you first." Elizabeth was surprised that he would consult with her about his plans but nodded for him to continue. "I had thought that I would ride to Longborne to speak with your father. I must get your father's permission for our courtship. I wish to do it soon, had it not been a Sunday I would have gone today. I thought maybe tomorrow would work, I could be back by the evening and still join you for the theater the next day." "You asked my uncle's permission, did you not? You need not spend a whole day riding. I'm sure a letter will suffice." "Perhaps. I will to go in person though." Mr. Darcy said firmly and started to lead them forward but kept the pace slow. Elizabeth was unsure of her response. It did show a certain respect to both her and her father for Mr. Darcy to go so far out of his way for the discussion. However, Elizabeth wondered if his insistence truly came from honor or rather from pride? She looked up at him, carefully trying to judge his motivations. He was looking away and his posture was stiff and his expression blank. Elizabeth was about to judge him proud when he glanced down and seeing her searching expression softened his own. "I wish to this right, Miss Elizabeth. I would not start this by offending your parents." Elizabeth felt herself blush at his affectionate tone. They entered the dining room as Elizabeth murmured, "I think that a fine plan. It pleases me that you would take the trouble." He smiled down at her and then escorted her to her chair. The rest of the evening past quickly for Elizabeth. There was food, friends, music and games and Elizabeth enjoyed them all. When the evening ended Mr. Darcy escorted her out and kissed her hand. "You will think me foolish, but I will miss you." He murmured. "It is only one day." "One day without you sounds like an eternity." "Why, that was charming, I am impressed Mr. Darcy!" Elizabeth laughed. "Too much? I apologize, I've never…" he trailed off, seeming at a loss for words. "…Never tried to be charming?" She offered teasingly. "Actually, you are right, I don't remember ever trying to charm anyone. I've never needed to." He laughed. "No, wait that is false, I do remember as a young child trying to charm my nurse into giving me a second tea cake." "And did you succeed, Mr. Darcy?" "I received a second and third, Miss Elizabeth." "Oh my, what devious methods did you employ to achieve such a victory?" "Why Miss Elizabeth, I believe I gave her a kiss." He said as he smiled down at her. Elizabeth felt her face flush with heat and stared up at him. She could scarce believe it, but he was flirting with her! He had said yesterday that he liked her, but still Elizabeth had never imagined him flirting with her. But she did not… dislike it. Tentatively, she smiled back. Then they were at the carriage. "Goodbye, Miss Elizabeth." He said as he bowed over her hand, then he kissed her knuckles and stepped back.
Thank you so much for all the reviews last chapter, it was very encouraging! Sorry this chapter's kinda short, hope you enjoy it anyways . . . . . . . . Chapter 10 At last Fitzwilliam Darcy could see Longborne in the distance. He had been riding for the last four hours and was glad to be in sight of his destination. He enjoyed riding and had affection for his horse, Maximus, but after alternating between a slow trot and a canter all morning, he was ready to be done. Despite his physical exertion and the long hours traveling, Darcy was pleased with himself and his situation. The night before had gone well, he thought. Miss Elizabeth had not been eager to see him. She had not pursued conversation or even time with him, but… he might have imagined it, but she had seemed pleased by him a several points in the evening. He had felt so helpless and indeed hopeless when he had left Kent, but now he was glad of his decision to pursue her. Darcy had thought he would hate expressing his interest without the comfort of it being reciprocated. Instead, he found it a relief. In the moment it had been difficult to express himself. But afterwards, he enjoyed no longer having to hide his true feeling and thoughts. He enjoyed being affectionate towards his Elizabeth. And she had blushed. She had blushed with pleasure at his farewell. That gratifying image had filled his dreams the night before, along with others of a significantly less gentlemanly description. Those images Mr. Darcy attempted to keep from his mind. No man wanted to think such thoughts while trotting along on his horse. Tearing his mind away from those thoughts again, Fitzwilliam Darcy tried to concentrate on the task before him. He was not simply asking for Mr. Bennet's approval on the courtship, he intended to ask permission to marry her as well. He did not want this interview to be required more than once. If he received permission now than he could ask Elizabeth as soon as appropriate and then announce it that same day, perhaps ever be able to arrange everything from London without having to return to Longborne at all. That would be ideal, for despite having determined to be polite towards Elizabeth's family and friends, he still disliked them. Finally, he arrived before the Longborne estate and dismounted. As he knocked a boy from the stables run up to him and took Maximus's reins. "I'll take good care of him, Mister!" he exclaimed eagerly while examining the horse with obvious admiration. The door opened but Darcy took a second to flip a coin the boy before entering. As he stepped inside housekeeper curtseyed and said. "Mrs. Bennet and the misses Lydia and Catherine are out visiting Sir." "That is alright, I was hoping to be honored to meet with Mr. Bennet." "Is he expecting you?" "No. Please just give him my card." Darcy said. Was this housekeeper expecting him to explain himself to her? "Very good, sir. If you'll just wait here, please." She said a motioned towards the sitting room. Darcy was grateful for a moment to warm himself by the fire and gather his thoughts. He paced in front of the fire to stretch his legs for couple of moments and then was surprised to see one of the Bennet girls enter the room. It was the middle one, Darcy couldn't remember much about her… she wasn't a very good piano player but was not as loud or silly as the younger ones. Mary was it? He bowed, and she curtseyed. "My father sent me to fetch you." She said looking embarrassed and unsure. That was odd, Mr. Darcy thought, why not send the housekeeper back? His daughter was not a servant and it's not like Darcy knew Miss Mary or would be interested in her company enough to wish the escort. But he thanked her politely and she led him out of the room and into a hallway. Endeavoring to be kind to one of Elizabeth's sisters Darcy asked. "It's a pleasure to see you again, Miss Mary. How is your family." It was a condemnation on his manners, Darcy thought, that Miss Mary looked so surprised at his address. But she answered, "They are well, Mr. Darcy." She did not say anything more and before he could think of something else to ask, she stopped before a heavy wood door and knocked. "Come in!" Called Mr. Bennets voice. Mary opened the door for him and when he stepped in she fallowed quietly. Mr. Darcy made his bow. "Good morning Mr. Bennet. Thank you for seeing me." Behind him Darcy was aware of Mary Bennet collecting a book and her shawl from an armchair and then turning to leave. "Mary, please have tea tray sent in to us." Mr. Bennet called as his daughter started to leave. Then turned back to Darcy with quizzical expression. "How do you do, Mr. Darcy?" "I am well, sir. I hope you are in good health?" "What can I do for you Mr. Darcy?" The abruptness of the question left Darcy feeling awkward, but he settled himself in the chair opposite Mr. Bennet. "I have just come from London, Mr. Bennet." He started then paused, unsure how to continue. "Congratulations." Mr. Bennet said sardonically. This only confused Darcy more. He was suddenly filled with frustration. Why do I never know what to say? Why am I always so awkward? He wished for one, just one jot of Elizabeth's ease. Fitzwilliam jerked upright and paced to the window, it was partially open and he needed the fresh air. "And how is our friend, Mr. Bingley?" Asked Bennet, seemingly amused at Darcy's silence. "He is very well, I dined with him only yesterday." "Indeed? I have received a letter from my eldest daughter that mentioned seeing him." "Yes, I was… with Bingley when he was reacquainted with your daughters." "Were you? I am surprised." Bennet said with a raised brow. Again, Darcy was unsure how to answer him. He supposed this was a comment on his reluctance to socialize last year. Bennet might even suspect that he had had a hand in separating Bingley and Miss Bennet. If he did suspect that then Darcy knew he had better clear his name on that front before continuing. "Yes, he had been unaware of Miss Bennet being in London. But I was in Kent the same time as your daughter Miss Elizabeth and returned to London about the same time as well. From Elizabeth I knew of Miss Bennet's stay with your brother-in-law and informed Bingley." At this Bennet look surprised. But before he could comment Darcy determined to reveal his purpose. He spoke firmly and clearly, not wanting to embarrass himself. "I have come here today to ask your permission and blessing to court your daughter." "Oh dear, that will be awkward will it not?" "Pardon?" "I will not deny you sir, but it must cause strife between you and your friend, shall it not?" Just then there was knock at the door and then a servant girl stepped in carrying a tea tray. Darcy was glad of this distraction and while she set up he raced back over the conversation in his mind. It only took a few seconds and he realized his blunder. As soon as the girl exited the room Darcy rushed to explain. "I refer to your daughter Miss Elizabeth." Immediately all traces of humor left Bennet's face and his expression turned stern, almost hostile. "There must be some confusion, I know you do not mean what you say." "I am in earnest, I assure you." "I have it on good authority, indeed your own public words, that you do not like my daughter. The feeling is mutual too. Even if I did consent, she would not." "I already have her consent, conditional upon your agreement of course." Bennet looked angry now and so Darcy added. "Before I approached your daughter I did speak with Mr. Gardiner and received his permission. Indeed, I have a letter with me from him that I believe addresses this." His expression barely changing Mr. Bennet reached out his hand to take the letter. Silently Darcy handed it over. Fitzwilliam silently sipped his tea and watched as Mr. Bennet's expression took on a verity of emotions as he read the letter. In the silence and tension of the room Darcy brought to mind Elizabeth's words from the night before, 'It pleases me that you would take the trouble'. The memory encouraged him and strengthened his resolve. Bennet finished the letter and set it aside. He stared at Darcy for a long moment and then smirked, his stern expression melting away. "You and my Elizabeth. Ha! This should be an interesting. You are either courageous or have no idea what you're in for. My daughter is not meek." "I know. And I do not desire meekness from her. Your daughter is strong and virtuous, I have no wish to control her." Bennet laughed outright, "That is good for I do not believe anyone could." Privately Darcy thought that while Elizabeth would never be meek, if she learned to love him then he would have some influence. Darcy thought Bennet's comment reflected poorly on the man himself instead of Elizabeth. If Bennet had been a man Elizabeth could respect, then he would have able to 'control' her to some extent. He also thought it poor taste to speak of Elizabeth's supposed faults in front of others but knew it to be a favorite activity of Mr. Bennet's. "As I said, I have no wish to control her." Darcy repeated then added. "I should inform you, I do not request this courtship lightly. I mean to have Miss Elizabeth as my wife. I have admired her for many months now and am firm in my desire." Mr. Bennet only smirked and waved his hand in a flippant agreement. "I will consent if my daughter does." Darcy was horrified, as awkward as Bennet's anger had been, it was the natural response of a loving father. This attitude was reprehensible. Did Elizabeth's father have no questions for him? No wish to understand Darcy's feelings, position or income? "You do not approve of my answer, do you?" Bennet asked with raised eyebrow. Darcy had thought he had hidden his expression well but was apparently mistaken. "Well, I will tell you Mr. Darcy why I do not concern myself. My Elizabeth may have agreed this courtship, for whatever reasons of her own, but she will not consent to marry you. She has been quite candid in her dislike of you and indeed once promised her mother that she would never even dance with you. She hates you and I will not force her to accept you, no matter your elevated position." Bennet said all this with an easy manner, almost affable in his tone. In that moment, Darcy hated the man. He felt humiliated, offended and hurt. Despite knowing it the reaction Bennet wanted, Darcy was wounded to think that Elizabeth had spoken against him to others. And for Mr. Bennet to say all this with a smirk and a challenge in his eyes was cruel. Fitzwilliam had never liked Mr. Bennet, he had always thought his tendency to laugh at other was in bad taste. But now, now Darcy saw that there was a streak of cruelty to the man. He remembered suddenly several instances that showed this, including Mr. Bennet humiliating Miss Mary at the Netherfield ball and smirking at all his family. Darcy knew that Elizabeth loved her father and maybe she didn't see this side of him. Maybe Bennet never turned his nasty sense of humor on Elizabeth, Darcy hoped he had not. Purposely Darcy put his feelings aside, he was resolved and would not be dissuaded by the other man's behavior. "I would not have her forced. I will allow her to get to know me and then if my proposals are refused, I will withdraw." Mr. Bennet causally accepted his words and then turn the conversation to more general topics. After that the discussion turned more pleasant and though Darcy could not lose his distaste of the man, he was happy with the subject change. It was not long after this that Darcy took his leave. As he left he noticed the coat and hat of two Militia officers, as well at the outwear of several ladies in the entryway. Elizabeth's mother and sisters were back. Perhaps I should go and greet them? They are to be my mother and sisters-in-law. Reluctantly, he took a step in the direction of parlor but froze when he heard a familiar voice laughing. Wickham! George Wickham was in the Bennet home! Darcy almost returned to Mr. Bennet's study to warn the man of the villain in his parlor. Yet he could not. He would not lay out the particulars of his private affairs before a smirking, mocking Mr. Bennet. Perhaps he could write a letter instead or speak with Elizabeth. Yes, Elizabeth would listen to him, he would tell her all when he felt it appropriate. With this resolve Darcy left Longborne to return to London, glad to be leaving Hertfordshire and hoping it would be some time before he was required to return.
Dear readers, this is a reposting of this chapter. I posted the original last night, but when I reread it this morning I did not like how I ended it. So I redid it and added quite a bit. I hope you like the changes. Also if anyone knows how to add an illustration, I would appreciate it, as I drew something for this chapter but don't know how to include it. . . . . Chapter 11 "What of this wimple hat, sister, might it be your choice?" Elizabeth asked touching the edge of a truly hideous creation. Not only was it ugly but was also made of a unpleasant scratchy gauze with a heavy silver lining that would no doubt keep the entire affair unbalanced. So obviously Elizabeth had to point it out with apparent interest for her dear sister, as is the habit of all young ladies when they see a particularly ugly bit of fashion. Jane giggled but poor Georgiana just looked confused and a little worried. Elizabeth entwined her arm with Miss Darcy's and giggling, quietly assured the girl that it was a joke and they would not actually choose it. It was obvious to Elizabeth that Miss Darcy's sense of humor had been neglected. Oh, she wasn't lacking in natural talent, only in practice. Elizabeth could well imagine that Miss Darcy's brother, her only family that actually lived in her household, gave her few reasons to laugh. "I think, Miss Bennet, that you are right to avoid it. It is obviously-" and now Georgiana turned her serious face toward Elizabeth, "-more suited to Miss Elizabeth." "Bravo Miss Darcy!" Laughed Elizabeth." You are catching the tone now. Indeed, your ability to keep a straight, serious expression is much better than mine! I always find my grave mien slipping with I tease." The ladies moved on through the bustling millinery, examining this or that hat. Jane and Elizabeth had both chosen the style, fabric and decorations for their new dresses and were now seeking the accessories necessary. Elizabeth enjoyed this part of shopping for new clothes the most. She always felt a little overwhelmed by the sheer number of choices that faced her in designing a new gown, especially a formal one. Kitty was the family fashionista and would usually help Elizabeth but thankfully Mrs. Gardiner had stepped in and gently guided Elizabeth toward both flattering and stylish selections. Now they only needed a hat, gloves and shoes to finish out their new ensembles. Elizabeth had picked up four different hats to examine before either of the other ladies had chosen any. Elizabeth had a harder time visualizing garments on her own body and thus always tried anything that caught her eye. Jane had a better eye and idea of which fashions were compliment her so often would only pick up one hat or two but would also leave with those same ones for they would suit her perfectly. Elizabeth would try on a dozen before she found one that would work even just acceptably. Standing before a little mirror Elizabeth took off her own hat and tried on a silver net dress cap, it was lined with purple silk, trimmed in silver and fastened with a decorative tassel. The cap was a bit beyond Elizabeth's usual style, but her new dress was formal and thus required a bit more decoration. "What do you think?" Elizabeth asked Miss Darcy who was still sticking close to her instead of browsing for herself. "It is very flattering, which dress would you wear it with?" "The full dress, white satin? It does have purple slashed sleeves and bows of purple ribbon down the front, so it would match." "True, but perhaps a little too well. You would not want to be only one or two colors in the whole ensemble. Perhaps a contrasting color? "Like yellow?" Elizabeth asked, laughing as she set the cap aside. "No, but perhaps green? A dark green?" "I think I would prefer a complimentary color instead, though not quite as fashionable, I feel like opposing colors make parts of my body look to at odds with others." "It is to bring attention to individual aspects of your attire." Jane commented as she walked by. Elizabeth only shrugged, "I still cannot like it. Perhaps a blue? There was a cap near the entrance very like this one but lined with blue." "It was a flattering cut." Georgiana agreed and they both went in search of the purposed cap. "Do you not want to pick something for yourself?" Elizabeth asked as the searched. "I have truly no need for a new hat. My brother keeps me quite spoiled, despite my not even being out." "Sounds like an excellent brother." Elizabeth said kindly and then, as casually as she could she added. "Is he always so good to you?" Miss Darcy smiled widely, "I can see what you mean now, you do indeed have a hard time hiding your true sentiments feelings." "I fail to understand you." Elizabeth said, fighting a blush. At this Georgiana suddenly stepped closer and with whispered excitement confessed. "Fitzwilliam explained to me where he was going today and why. Oh, Miss Elizabeth I'm so excited for the both of you!" Elizabeth surprised but quickly realized that she ought not to be, the courtship was hardly going to remain a secret. Despite only Jane and the Gardiners knowing for now, when Mr. Darcy returned to London with her father's permission, it would become public knowledge. Elizabeth willed herself to smile back at the girl. "Thank you. I confess I am still unused to the idea. But I no longer need to pretend disinterest in Mr. Darcy, do I?" "No, you need not! And I will be very happy to answer anything you wish regarding my brother, for he is the best of men and any story I can tell you of him will only reflect well on him." Miss Darcy enthused. Elizabeth was surprised at this assertion, would not a teenage girl resent her stern, taciturn brother? Especially such a brother who was also in charge of her care? "Not every story I am sure. Be honest, all people have their faults!" Elizabeth laughed to cover her confusion. "I suppose all people do, and I am sure there have been times that my brother has felt out of sorts. But he has never taken those feelings out on me in any way. He is always so kind and gentle with me." "Everyone has a temper." Elizabeth insisted. "Not everyone shouts or throws a fit, but Mr. Darcy told me himself that he has a resentful temper." At this Georgiana only looked thoughtful instead of abashed. "I suppose you could describe it as such. But… his disapprobation is never unwarranted. This I am sure of. My brother is the master of many and cannot allow himself to forgive those who would attack or hurt me, others in his care or himself. While there are those, especially many of society's young men, who need not require perfect morality from their friends or acquaintances, but my brother must by reason of his many responsibilities." "And your brother is to be the ultimate judge of others' morals?" Elizabeth asked, trying to keep her voice light and free of bitterness. Miss Darcy looked confused and a little taken aback but answered cautiously. "For himself at least he must. Others have parents, siblings or longtime friends to consult, my brother is rather alone in that sense. He has many friends but few he can truly rely on. As for family, you've met our aunt Catherine, so I need not explain that situation and of my uncle the Earl, he is a good man but much too busy to be often available to Fitzwilliam." Elizabeth picked up a hat and pretended to examine it so as to give herself a moment to think. She had not never considered Mr. Darcy's attitude in that way. She had always compared his behavior to his peers, the other young gentlemen she had met at parties or balls. Yet, she perhaps should have compared him to the men of her father's age and station, as they had more in common with his actual life. Even amiable Mr. Bingley, for all of his independence, had his elder sisters to rely on, several aunts and uncles and Mr. Darcy himself. If her beau, (how odd to think of him that way) wished to consult with someone, who would he go to? His cousin the Colonel certainly was a good option, for he was a man of sense and education, but being a colonel, he would not have control of his own schedule and must often be away, Elizabeth supposed. Could I be someone for him to talk to of his troubles? Someone for him to rely on? Elizabeth found she liked the thought. She did consider herself a good judge of character, and perhaps with someone to talk to, Mr. Darcy would relax somewhat. Miss Darcy's ardent confidence in her brother's character encouraged Elizabeth. Putting away her thoughts about Mr. Darcy, Elizabeth refocused on choosing a hat and spending time with Georgiana Darcy. Through the rest of the day Elizabeth was surprised by how much she continued to like Miss Darcy, she had almost expected for some extreme flaw to reveal itself in Miss Darcy, but none had. She was a gentle soul, a bit like Jane, but without the steadiness Jane possessed so much of. Once comfortable with the person and situation Georgiana had all the enthusiasm of most girls her age and a dry wit that sometimes-reminded Elizabeth of the girl's brother. That man continued to intrude on Elizabeth's thoughts, despite her determination to be present. She could not help but feel flattered by his interest. And with, she felt, a new understanding of his feelings, she remembered many of their old interactions differently then she had judged them before. His habit of meeting her on her walks at Rosings now made perfect sense. At the time she had been so confused, now she realized he had seen those walks as romantic. They had not seemed that way to her, at least not at the time. She had thought all his silences to be filled with disdainful thoughts and had resented him for his imagined criticism of her. Now Elizabeth had to wonder, had his thoughts at that time been filled with admiration? Interest and attraction? She supposed they must have been! The thought painted her memories in a different, more pleasurable light. She wondered how it had happened. Elizabeth knew that he hadn't liked her at first, so there must have been a point when that had changed. Rosings almost made sense as a place for him to change his opinion, for he had been surrounded by unpleasant relations and thus maybe saw his time with her as more agreeable by comparison. But she could not remember saying much of anything to him unless absolutely necessary. What could she have done to change his opinion of her? Speculation proved unsatisfactory, and Elizabeth again pushed the man from her mind. The young ladies, rejoined by Mrs. Gardiner, had luncheon at a little tea shop and then explored several little shops that sold a variety of accessories. It was evening before the group split up and Elizabeth was exhausted but happy when she finally returned the Gardiner home. She was surprised upon her return to find a bouquet of flowers waiting for her. It was a beautiful arrangement of pink, white and purple. Elizabeth knew instantly who they were from and blushed but searched for a note to confirm. Sure enough, a note was soon found, and Elizabeth read it. Dearest Miss Elizabeth, I have returned from Longborne with your father's permission to court you. It is hard to find the words to express the pleasure and the honor I have receive with your agreement to our courtship. Perhaps these flowers can speak for me, do you know the language of flowers, Miss Elizabeth? Your Faithfully, Fitzwilliam Darcy Elizabeth blushed anew at his sentimental words and quickly reexamined the flowers, trying to remember the meaning of each. The little white and pink buds were almond blossoms, these symbolized hope. The purple columbine she recognized yet could not interpret, the dark pink roses however, she knew to portray thankfulness. The beautiful pink, white and green leaves were familiar, but she could not name. The waxy, white flowers she knew not at all. Just then a small book was pushed into her hands and she glanced up to see the smiling faces of her aunt and Jane then looked down at the book and saw it was a book on flower arrangement, including the meanings of flowers! Quickly she looked up the colorful leaves and found them pictured under the name caladium, it's stated message was 'great joy and delight'. Next, she rushed to investigate the large, white flower and soon found it to be a camellia. "Well, Lizzy, what do they all mean?" asked Jane eagerly. Elizabeth stammered for second, too embarrassed and flattered to respond intelligently. Then, pointing to the individual flowers and she said, "Hope… thankfulness…joy and delight. And with the camellia he calls me perfect, adorable." She ended with a whisper, overcome by the sentiments symbolized by the flowers. Silently she handed the book back to Mrs. Gardiner. "What about the columbine?" Jane asked. When Elizabeth raised her hands in confusion Mrs. Gardiner quickly flipped though the book. Finding the entry Mrs. Gardiner looked up and said to Elizabeth. "Resolved to win." . . . . . . . . The next four and twenty hours passed quickly and uneventfully. This was fortunate as Elizabeth was fairly silly with excitement for their visit to Covent Gardens that evening. Going to one of the two official London theaters was a rare treat for Elizabeth and this night was especially exciting as Mr. Darcy had offered the use of his box. Elizabet had never seen a play from a private box, her aunt and uncle simply bought tickets to the gallery, and while she was grateful even for the gallery, it was a loud, smelly place. People came and went as they pleased, anyone with money could get in and they were often drunk, sometimes throwing things at actors if they disliked them, or simply got bored. The rowdy atmosphere often created havoc. In fact, four years ago the theater had been burnt to the ground, the cause never found. It was Elizabeth's private opinion that the beer-soaked gallery, combined with the disorderly crowd had been to blame. Still, Elizabeth, Jane and Maria had been very excited to go. Thus, they had spoken of their plans to Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy on Sunday; at which point Mr. Darcy had insisted they edit their plans to include him and make use of his private box. In his theater box they would be closer to the stage, in a semi-private area with servants to bring them refreshments and best of all, they would have far more capability to actually see and hear the acts. It was seven o'clock and Gardiner household had finished their dinner and dressed for an evening out. Elizabeth was wearing a round robe of imperial blue leno with long sleeves of the same, worn over a white satin under-dress. Decorating the front was a bodice of Chinese crape laced and tagged with matching cord and tassels. Her hair was simply swept up and styled into loose curls, decorated only by a few simple hair combs and a single dark pink rose from Mr. Darcy's bouquet. She finished her ensemble with white satin slippers and gloves of white kid. As the first of the ladies dressed Elizabeth sat in the parlor with her uncle and waited. She struggled not to pace, she was so excited she had a hard time sitting still. Her eyes caught her reflection and Elizabeth gently touched the rose bloom in her hair. 'Thankfulness', it was the only of his sentiments that she could honestly return but she did wish to acknowledge his gesture in some way. And she was grateful, he had brought Bingley back to Jane, he had been kind and respectful of her aunt and uncle, he had spent an entire day traveling just to speak with her father, his bouquet had been sweet and now she would spend an evening in his theater box! When she thought on it, she had many reasons to be pleased with Mr. Darcy. Just then she heard sounds from the entry way and stood just as a maid announced the Misters Bingley and Darcy. Bingley bowed to her and then approached Mr. Gardiner for conversation. Mr. Darcy hesitated in the doorway, his eyes intense on her. Elizabeth blushed and curtseyed, "Mr. Darcy. Good-evening." In a few long strides he was before her and taking her hand, he bowed over it. "Miss Elizabeth, you look beautiful." His words sounded more fervent than flirtatious to Elizabeth. She had worried about this reunion all day and had struggled with how to treat him; a man she had once hated who was now courting her. But now rather than be intimidated by Mr. Darcy's intensity, Elizabeth felt her courage raising. "Thank you, Mr. Darcy, I have done what I could." She said with a saucy smile. "You look very well too." Elizabeth glanced at Mr. Bingley and her uncle who had both paced to the other side of the room and were speaking too quietly for Elizabeth to hear. She turned back to Mr. Darcy and said brightly. "I'm very excited about tonight. We shall have a marvelous time, shall we not?" "We shall indeed, Miss Elizabeth. There is a great deal to be excited about in this performance. I believe they plan to do an excerpt from of Edmund Spenser's The Faerie Queene with the new gaslight visual effects. I have heard it quite brings the magic to life." "Oh! That sounds wonderful! I have read much about the new emphasis being placed on scenery and effects but have had little ability to observe them myself. Will there be much you think in the main act, The Ruins of Athens?" "I believe The Ruins of Athens to be more drama and dialogue then action, but I believe they must have some." Elizabeth grinned at her companion, feeling alight with anticipation. Before they could continue their conversation Jane, Maria and Mrs. Gardiner entered. Elizabeth sneaked a look at Mr. Bingley as Jane stepped into the room and was thrilled to see his expression change to blatant adoration at the sight of her. Soon all the greetings were made, everyone gathered their outwear and entered the carriages. Mr. Gardiner had accepted the offer of Mr. Darcy's carriage and thus the party was split by gender. The ladies did not mind this small abandonment and laughed and chattered the entire way. When they arrived, after being helped from the carriage by her uncle, Elizabeth stopped to take in the impressive, tall white building. Light, music and merriment poured out from the windows and doors and Elizabeth was drawn to it like a moth to the flame. Mr. Darcy offered his arm and the whole group started forward. But they had gone only a few steps when Mr. Darcy hesitated, Elizabeth glanced up and saw him looking at her hair. "Is something amiss?" "No, I apologize. I was only inspecting the flower in your hair, I hadn't noticed it before." It was a statement, but Elizabeth could hear the question underneath. "It is from the bouquet you sent me. Which was beautiful, I appreciated it very much, both the beauty and the sentiment." "It was my pleasure." He said and smiled down at her. Then they were through the door and Elizabeth was again caught up in the atmosphere. The performance was entrancing for Elizabeth. They entered during a comedic outtake of Shakespeare's Much Ado About Nothing then were entertained with a dramatic poem by Walter Scott called The Vision of Don Roderick. There was a short intermission and Mr. Darcy had wine and desserts brought in. Then the show continued with The Ruins of Athens, for which the music was incredible. Elizabeth was entranced by entire play but found Beethoven's accompanying pieces especially powerful. She was so caught up in the experience that she often forgot about Mr. Darcy sitting next to her and then would suddenly sense his stare. Elizabeth soon found that whatever excitement for the play that Mr. Darcy had espoused, he watched mostly her. Yet for the first time, his scrutiny was not uncomfortable, because now she knew him to be watching her with admiration and affection. With this understanding Elizabeth was able to enjoy the attention he gave her and would often reciprocate with smiles and comments on the play. After the play the show went on for another two hours with physical theatre, animals, acrobatics, and melodramatic skits. A couple times Elizabeth got up to move around and always Mr. Darcy would accompany her. With him at her side they garnered the attention of many and Elizabeth was introduced to several people but mostly they seemed more acquaintances with Mr. Darcy then actual friends. At midnight the show was finished, and crowd dispersed. Elizabeth knew that for a lot of the young and fashionable the night was barely beginning, and many would not retire until dawn. For herself though she was glad to be returning to bed in the Gardiner home. Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner exited the box first with Maria then Elizabeth and Darcy fallowed. After a few steps however, Elizabeth stopped and said. "Wait, I pray you, Mr. Darcy. Jane has fallen behind." "I shall wait here with you if you wish, but I believe she may be a few moments." Elizabeth was very confused by this statement. "Why, should we check on her?" "I do not believe Bingley would appreciate the interruption." Mr. Darcy advised with a mischievous grin. "Mr. Bingley!" "Yes, I believe he may have spoken to your uncle in the parlor for permission to speak with her privately." "Oh, that's wonderful!" Elizabeth enthused. Sure enough, a moment or so later the happy couple immerged, holding hands and smiling to each other. When Jane caught sight of Elizabeth waiting for her she hurried forward and hugged her sister. Too excited to wait for a private setting Jane whispered in Elizabeth's ear, "We are engaged! Oh Lizzy, I'm so happy!" Elizabeth squeezed her sister back and then looked at her future brother-in-law. "Congratulations, Mr. Bingley, you have won England's finest, most wonderful woman!" Bingley, with grin that spilt his face from ear to ear answered. "And well I know my luck! I can hardly believe it! But now you must call me Charles, as my other sisters do!" Laughing, the sisters hugged again and chattering excitedly the group made their way out. Soon they all arrived at the carriages, the Gardiners were waiting for them with expectant grins. Jane confirmed their suspicions and everyone shook-hands, hugged and smiled. Mr. Gardiner invited the men back to their home for a celebratory drink. This plan was agreed to, and everyone entered the carriages in the same arrangement as before. As soon as the ladies were settled Elizabeth grabbed Jane's hands and exclaimed. "Engaged! Jane dear, when I realized he had you alone in there, I thought perhaps a courtship, but he proposed!" "Yes." Jane said, laughing. "He did first ask for a courtship. But when I answered expressed…. My pleasure to enter a courtship. He suddenly said, 'why wait?' and then told me that he loves me! He loves me, Lizzy!" "Ah, that explains it… your future husband is a very impetuous man Jane." Mrs. Gardiner said dryly. "While I am very happy for you, Mr. Bingley only had permission to ask for a courtship. When you announced at the carriages that you were engaged I was shocked!" "Oh, dear" Jane said, her expression turning from jubilant to worried. "Not to worry, darling, you parents have already sent their consent for the marriage. Your mother seemed convinced a proposal was imminent. Actually, she sent me a letter the day after you arrived in London urging me to consent to any young man of good position but to give special preference to Mr. Bingley if he should return to you! Unless the man was titled, then he should get preference." Their aunt laughed, and the sisters blushed at their mother's words. Then she added, "This I wouldn't have seen as sufficient permission but last week when you wrote to your mother and mentioned his return she sent me another letter. Again, it urged me to encourage Mr. Bingley and give him any permission he wished for. She even got your father to write a quick post-script giving his permission." "Then it is settled already!" Jane said optimistically. "Well, your uncle is probably having a few words with your fiancé right now… but it will probably be settled by the time we arrive." Sure enough, when the party arrived at the Gardiner home the men exited their carriage with slightly damper spirits, but those attitudes were wiped away at the reunion of Jane and Charles. Their joy and excitement were infectious, and everyone went in to celebrate. Elizabeth played cheerful music and after her uncle brought out champagne, Jane and Bingley danced several jigs together. Watching their happy, adoring faces, Elizabeth could not have been happier. She played and sang, smiling encouragement to Jane until her aunt approached her, "Let me play the next one, Lizzy, your Mr. Darcy has asked me to." She said with a wink. Elizabeth laughed and finished out the song. She relinquished the instrument to her aunt and walked straight up to Mr. Darcy. "You summoned me, sir?" she said impudently. "You once refused to dance a jig with me. You proclaimed it a trap. Can you now believe me when I say I wish to dance with you?" Elizabeth was surprised by the memory, she had thought that he had mocked her with the request. But had he instead been serious, had he even then liked her? No! He had been so stern, so unapproachable! In any case, she was in too good of spirits presently to turn down a dance. "I can indeed, Mr. Darcy." He took her hand and together they joined Jane and Bingley spinning around the room. Mr. Darcy was an excellent dancer and Elizabeth enjoyed herself immensely. Before long however she was out of breath and had to stop. Laughed she collapsed on to a settee and the impromptu dance ended with cheers all around. Another bottle of champagne was opened, and Mr. Darcy brought Elizabeth glass. "I am pleased to see you so happy, Miss Elizabeth." "And I am pleased with you Mr. Darcy! This night could not have happened without you. Or rather, I suppose it might have happened earlier had you not interfered originally, but who can say? Perhaps not, and besides, I have quite forgotten about any such unpleasant things. You must take my philosophy Mr. Darcy, and only remember the past as it brings you pleasure." "I cannot, unfortunately, as I receive much instruction from my less pleasant memories. However, I am delighted that you espouse to this philosophy for I believe it must work in my favor!" He said playfully. "Mr. Darcy! Are you teasing me? I had not thought it of you! How very ungallant." He just smiled and bowed. "I am learning from the best." Elizabeth started to answer and then had to cover her mouth as a yawn interrupted her, the first was quickly followed by another. "You are tired, I should take my leave." Mr. Darcy said regretfully. "No, I am having a wonderful time." He bowed over her hand and kissed it. "As am I, lovely Miss Elizabeth, but I should go nonetheless." Mr. Darcy then approached his friend and together they regretfully took their leave of the Gardiner household. Each gentleman took the opportunity to kiss the hand of his fair lady. Mr. Darcy promised to call the next morning and Bingley energetically agreed. Then they left, and the wonderful evening came to an end.
here it is! hope you enjoy. btw I redid the end of the last chapter and added quite a bit, so if you haven't read the updated version you might want to! Also a big thank you to LizVictoria and SongbirdSofraya for Bata reading and editing help! . . . . . Chapter 12 The next morning Fitzwilliam fulfilled his promise, along with Bingley, and called on the Gardiner household. While Bingley and Miss Bennet's engagement was again the focus of conversation, Darcy was able to spend some time with Elizabeth. Her cheerfulness from the night before had remained and Darcy had enjoyed seeing her so happy. Now, he was riding back from the call, his thoughts filled with Elizabeth. Miss Elizabeth, he chided himself. More and more he was finding it difficult to remember her prefix and not think of her as only his Elizabeth. And while that was fine in the privacy of his own mind, he was worried that thought would become spoken word and he would embarrass her in company with an insinuation of a familiarity not yet present. But that familiarity was s not as far away as once had been. Or did I fool myself? No, I do believe she is warming to my suit. Darcy thought and smiled to himself at the memory of her dancing with him the night before. He leaned over and stroked Maximus's neck and they continued down the London road. He had thought himself in love with her while in Hertfordshire, then overcome in Kent, yet what a fool he had been! He had barely spoken to her in all that time, or she to him! It was not until dancing and speaking with her last night that he had realized that how much better it could be with her. Her smiles, her dancing eyes, her words of pleasure, all these fixed themselves in Darcy's mind. While he had truly loved her before, he realized now that all he had ever seen of her up until last night had been a carefully arraigned mask of civility and vivacity. But last night she had let her guard down somewhat and Darcy found that what was underneath was even more lovable. Well, that is not quite true, Darcy corrected himself, I first saw an unguarded Elizabeth when we fought in Kent. Though I suppose even than she must have been controlling herself somewhat because of the public nature of the incident. That was a slightly alarming thought, as she had been a fearsome sight to behold at the time. Chuckling at the thought Darcy spurred his horse into a trot, the traffic here was less and he was eager to return to his home. Ten minutes later, Fitzwilliam had arrived at Darcy house. He swung off his saddle, handed the reins to a stable boy and strode into his house. He planned to suggest to his sister that she invite Elizabeth and others from the Gardiner household for tea or maybe even dinner. Georgiana had never hosted a dinner outside of family gatherings, but surely Elizabeth and her relations would be a good start. He started to make his way to the music room, assuming it to be the room Georgiana was in, but stopped when he saw his butler approaching. "What is it, Stevens?" He asked while his fingers tapped an agitated rhythm on his thigh. "Sir, Miss Georgiana is in the parlor with Lady Fitzwilliam, Lady Florence and Colonel Fitzwilliam." "Thank you, Stevens. And how long have they been here?" "Nearing a half hour, Sir." Darcy was relieved that he hadn't left them waiting too terribly long. He thanked Stevens again and strode quickly into the parlor. "There you are, Darcy!" The Colonel said brightly coming forward quickly to shake his hand. They grasped hands and James leaned forward and murmured. "Mother and Florence are here and are wild with curiosity about the lady seen on your arm at the theater!" Then James stepped back with a grin that said he thought he was about to see some fine amusement. Darcy did his best to ignore the troll. He had already guessed that that would be the reason for this visit and was as prepared as he reasonable could be. He stepped up and bowed to first his aunt, Lady Esther Fitzwilliam. She was tall for a woman with a strong, elegant build and graying brown hair. She had always been kind to Darcy and he was very fond of her. That She was also entitled, controlling and vain made little difference to him, everyone had their faults and hers were at least not of intelligence. Also, one could get away with a lot when that someone was married to an earl. "Fitzwilliam, I am glad you have returned, we must have a conversation." "Of course, Aunt Esther." He said calmly and turned and bowed to his cousin Florence and his sister. Florence looked more like Georgiana's sibling then Darcy did. For both women were fair in coloring and sported nearly matching smiles. Florence was four years older and somewhat more full-figured then Georgiana, also she had her mother's green eyes instead of the Georgiana's blue, but the resemblance was still uncanny. "Cousin, how nice to see you. Georgiana, I hope you were not waiting long." "No, brother, not long." "And how did your music lesson go today?" "Very well, or at least, Mr. Montanri says I'm doing well." "And how-" "That's enough, Fitzwilliam." His aunt interrupted. "I won't be teased about this. You must think yourself so very clever; spurning all the young women I've put in front of you, only to show up out of nowhere with a girl I've never heard of!" Darcy only grinned like a mischievous school boy. "And you didn't even introduce her to mother before taking her out in public!" James added with feigned horror. With a glare sent to his impish cousin, Darcy said as innocently as he was able. "Aunt, I am very confused by your alarm. Miss Bennet is a young woman of good but country breeding who has not been often in town. A lady of your esteemed personage cannot be expected to know the names of all the young ladies in England. Besides, I thought you knew about her, your son James has known her for over a month and knew we were courting." His aunt rounded on her son with an expression that would terrify Napoleon. But before she could tear into James she looked back to Darcy and confirmed, "Courting? You're in an official courtship with the girl?" "Yes, Aunt Esther, and again, her name is Miss Bennet. Miss Elizabeth Bennet." His aunt took a deep breath and, releasing it slowly, sat down. "Tell me about her." So, Darcy did. He told her everything he knew about Elizabeth's situation, neither embellishing nor minimizing anything. He could tell his aunt was not happy with the information he was relating but he pressed on. After speaking of her position, he went on to tell her about Elizabeth herself. Of her loyalty, morality, kindness and vivacity. When he was finished James and Georgiana both gave their impressions of her as well. James enjoyed informing everyone what Elizabeth had not liked him at first for reason of his rude behavior. This information had the two-fold benefit (at least in his cousin's eyes) of making Darcy look bad for his manners and clearing Elizabeth of looking mercenary. Miss Darcy spoke of her easy manner, the effortlessness of their friendship and the shopping trip they'd gone on together which Georgiana had enjoyed enormously. Then they were all finished and there was a quiet moment where their aunt just looked at them, deliberating. Before she could announce her decision, her daughter spoke up. "Well, I don't know what kind of wife she'll make you Fitzwilliam, but I should like to meet her nonetheless, she sounds amusing!" "Yes, that is one thing of which we can be sure. Fitzwilliam, we shall have to meet her. When is the soonest that can be arraigned? You should invite them to dinner tonight, here, so it is not too formal. Yes, I am free tonight and will make sure your uncle is as well. That's all settled then, I'll make my decision after I meet her." He had planned to invite her, but a private dinner would have been different then a surprise introduction to his uncle the earl. "Aunt, I appreciate that your willingness to meet her, but it is already two in the afternoon, I should not invite her so last minute, it would appear rude and arrogant." "And you have enough troubles with that as it is." Joked James, but everyone ignored him. "Nonsense, what could she and her tradesmen relations have tonight that could be more important than meeting an earl! Especially one related to her suiter? No, I am sure it would be quite acceptable." "Dearest aunt, you are confusing me with someone else if you think to command me. Please, I wish to gratify you, but I will not offend Miss Elizabeth. If Georgiana agrees then we will send an invitation for dinner tomorrow. Will that not suffice?" His aunt grudgingly agreed. Darcy knew that she was not actually ill-humored just a little offended at being the seemingly last person to know about his courtship. It had been poorly done on his part to not inform her; but Darcy still felt apprehensive about Elizabeth's feelings and thus his natural inclination was to keep it quiet. This inclination was, of course, not practical, but it had been his habit for so long he as almost unaware of it. "We shall be a merry party!" Florence exclaimed enthusiastically. "We shall be one person less then you are imagining, dear cousin, for James is not invited." . . . . . . . . . In the end Darcy relented and allowed for his cousin James to attend the dinner but made him swear to be on his best behavior. A pie-crust promise certainly, easily made and easily broken, but Darcy was not actually concerned because he knew that James would be friendly to Elizabeth and actually appreciated that he would be there, another supporter for Elizabeth in a room full of strangers. Georgiana had sent the invite, as was appropriate to her position as the hostess, and soon received a positive reply. Though there was little for them to do personally the siblings rushed to complete their preparations and then spent the evening and next day in anxious anticipation. Darcy tried to read but ended up pacing instead. Georgiana requested he look over her menu plan. He tried to play billiards but found his aim to be unusually terrible. Georgiana asked that he advise her on the seating plan. Darcy found himself checking with the butler on minute details he that he was usually not even aware of. Georgiana wished to know Elizabeth's favorite dessert. Finally, frustrated with the impotent nature of his feelings, Darcy suggested they go out riding. It was one of the few exercises ladies were allowed and Georgiana loved it. The siblings saddled their horses and rode out of town. For four hours they exercised their horses, enjoyed the fresh air and released their tensions. So, it was by the time they returned to Darcy House, they barely had time to change for dinner. Elizabeth and her party would be arriving first, as Darcy wanted a chance to speak with her before she met his relations. Sure enough, just as Fitzwilliam and Georgiana settled in the parlor the Gardiners and Miss Bennets were announced. Greeting were exchanged all around and then Georgiana helpfully suggested a tour of the main rooms, an idea readily excepted by everyone. As the rest of the group started out Darcy gently held Elizabeth back. He saw the Gardiners notice but as the door was open and the couple was courting, a certain amount of privacy was permissible, and Elizabeth's guardians continued out the doorway. "Mr. Darcy?" "I only wished to, that is, you are aware that my uncle the Earl and his family will be in attendance tonight." "Yes, indeed I am, Mr. Darcy." Miss Elizabeth's tone made her statement a question. "It was mentioned on the invite." "My uncle, the Earl of Matlock is kind man but stubborn, if he takes it into his head to be against us, I worry over the damage he could cause." "So, you are warning me to be on my best behavior tonight." Elizabeth said, her eyes narrowing with ire. "No, I pray you, don't think that. You have never been anything but extemporary in your manners. You must know your easy, yet refined manners are one of the many things I admire about you." He stepped a little closer and kissed her knuckles adding, "one of the numerous things I appreciate about you." For a moment of wonderful tension, the two stared at each other and then Elizabeth glanced down with a blush. "Why caution me then?" "I just wanted…" Darcy's words trailed off as even he wasn't sure why he had warned her. There was another moment of silence as Darcy struggled to formulate the right words and Elizabeth examined his expression. Suddenly she smiled and said, "You wanted to share your concerns with me." "Yes. But actually, I probably ought not. You should not ha-" "I am very pleased you did." "You are?" "Yes, and I hope that you continue to do so in the future." She said, and they shared a smile. Darcy reluctantly started to fallow the rest of their party but remained enough behind that they had every privacy. He described as best he could the personalities of each expected family member while also showing her around the principle rooms. They were nearing the end of the tour when Elizabeth paused and said. "I have had two letters from my parents today, I wish to tell you of them before your relatives get here." Darcy stopped with a smile encouraged her to confide in him. "My mother wrote first. She had learned of your- of our courtship, probably from my father. I will not tax your patience by describing that letter in detail, sufficient to say, she was pleased and commands that Jane and I both remain in London until- I mean, that is-" Elizabeth stuttered to a stop and twisted her fingers together in anxiety. "Until we, Bingley and I, succumb completely to the charms of you and your sister?" Darcy said lightly, hoping to tease her out of her unease, but she only turned her face away. Darcy repositioned himself in front of her and said gently. "I apologize, I should not be facetious. You need not be embarrassed though. Your mother only wants you well settled and thinks being in London would help. Both are good and right thoughts." Darcy surprised himself by realizing that he spoke the truth. Mrs. Bennet had many faults and he could not actually like her, but he realized that her motivations were good. What mother, from duchess to peasant, had less mercenary intentions? Elizabeth surprised him by reaching out and squeezing his hand. It was the first time she had ever touched him of her own volition and his heart thrilled at the experience. He closed her hand in his and said in a lighter tone. "After all, how can I criticize your mother when she champions my cause?" Elizabeth laughed and shook her head. "In any case sir, I thought I would be arriving here with news of my continued stay in London." "And are you?" Darcy asked as he place her hand on his arm and began leading her back towards the parlor. "No, I am actually leaving early. My father sent a letter, apparently just a few hours after mother's." She chuckled and shrugged her shoulders. "He says that he misses me and Jane and having 'sensible' conversation in the household. He wishes us to return on Saturday." "So quickly? What arraignments have been made?" Darcy asked, hiding his anger at Mr. Bennet. Even so far away the man managed to frustrate him. Darcy could not like the content of the letter nor the manner in which it was delivered. To have so quickly and completely over-ruled his wife's wishes, disregarding the needs of his daughters and upsetting his relative's plans just for his own amusement was reprehensible. "My father arranged everything with his letter. Mr. Darcy… what are your plans for the summer?" "Bingley has invited me to Netherfield for the summer, and I thought to accept. What do you think would be my reception in Hertfordshire?" She raised a teasing eyebrow. "You hope for the pleasure of the county in general? My, this is a significant change of attitude." "While I do, perhaps, hope to please in that fair region more than I have before; you know that is not my meaning." "I am quite confused, I assure you." Darcy leaned down and whispered. "Beautiful Elizabeth, do not torment me so. Please say you wish to see me." Elizabeth smiled and admitted, "yes, I do hope you accept your friend's invitation." A moment later they had reached the parlor and rejoined the rest of the party. They all spoke of light, easy things for a few moments and until the Fitzwilliams were announced. The introductions were all made and then Darcy watched as James, Florence and Elizabeth led the conversation. Darcy was pleased by the friendly manner between the three that made it seem like they had all known each other for years, as if they were already family. His only concern was in watching his aunt and uncle. His aunt, usually the center of attention in any room, quietly sat back and observed the conversation. The Earl of Matlock, who would usually have struck up a conversation with Darcy or perhaps Mr. Gardiner, sat with his wife and attended the conversation. It wasn't that the Earl looked down on young women, but neither did he typically find their conversation to be entertaining. Darcy had, of course, known this dinner would be a test for Elizabeth, but still disliked the obvious inspection. Having people studying her so intensely must be making Elizabeth uncomfortable. He knew that such a position would have made him miserable, but Elizabeth's behavior remained light and easy; as if she met an Earl every day. Soon dinner was announced. Darcy escorted Elizabeth to her seat and took the opportunity to squeeze her hand, hoping to offer encouragement. Georgiana and he had decided to keep the seating arraignments casual since the party was small and mostly family. Thus, he was able to claim the seat at the end of the table and sit Elizabeth on his left. His aunt quickly claimed the spot on his right, across from Elizabeth, His uncle sat on Elizabeth's other side. "Miss Elizabeth, my son claims you to be an intelligent type of young lady. What think you of the state of the war?" "Uncle." Darcy warned. "Let her answer, Fitzwilliam." The Earl insisted. Elizabeth sent him a reassuring smile and then turned back to his uncle. "I believe, as many do, that Willington's successful attack on fort Ciudad Rodrigo in January and his more recent capture of fort Badajoz have created the opportunity that our forces have been waiting for; despite the tragic and terrible loss of life caused by both assaults." Just then the first course was presented and there was a pause while everyone was served. Then Darcy's uncle turned back to Elizabeth. "Many would say that the loss of life too high, do you know how many men died in just those two skirmishes?" Elizabeth raised her chin. "Do you know how many men have died in the last thirteen years? While my heart breaks for the men killed, and for their families, we had to find a way into Spain if we ever wish to end this war." "And what of the Americans?" "I would not see us go to war with them, My Lord." "You are sympathetic to those rebellious upstarts?" "No, their continued support of France must be stopped. However, what could we win by going to war with them? And could we fight a war on two sides, especially two places so far apart?" "You doubt the Regent? The British navy? Our navy is the envy and terror of the world!" "True, but a war with the Americans would not be fought at sea. The Americans are all but self-sufficient and should we cut off their trading routes could continue much as they always have. We would have to fight on land to achieve any real victory and our colonists in upper and lower Canada are not trained or numerous enough for such a war." "Perhaps, but the Little Belt affair has proven the hostile intentions of America and we must answer their aggression." The Earl insisted. Before Elizabeth could answer Darcy's, aunt interjected. "I am not very familiar with Hertfordshire, is Bennet an old name in that county?" Elizabeth glanced between the Earl and Lady Esther and then at the man's nod answered his wife. "The Bennets have called Hertfordshire, and indeed Longborne, their home for six generations. My ancestor served in the court of his Majesty King Charles the First and after his Majesty's death my ancestor was given the land in thanks for his faithful service." "A respectable history, certainly. But what of your mother?" "What of her?" Elizabeth said, a little more abruptly then was perfectly polite. "Do not get waspish, young lady, I simply want to know of your family." Elizabeth glanced down the table at her uncle and aunt. They were sitting together, despite the social norm to sit apart, looking cozy and happy while they chatted with Colonel Fitzwilliam and Florence. "My Lady, my maternal connections, are not, perhaps, fashionable. But I could not love them more or be more proud of them than I already am." As he was served the second course, Darcy watched his aunt narrow her eyes at Elizabeth, seeming to take offense at her words. Deciding he had allowed this interrogation to go on long enough, Darcy interjected before Lady Esther could answer. "Indeed, Miss Elizabeth, I have well enjoyed getting to know your relatives better. They are wonderful people." With this statement he smiled at Elizabeth then turned his head and glared at his aunt. "All right my boy, you needn't look so fierce! Miss Elizabeth, I hope you have not taken offence at my questions, I only wished to know more about you." "Lady Esther, I appreciate the protective instinct that would influence you to be suspicious of me. This comprehension has allowed me to understand rather than take offence. Indeed, this instinct of yours does you credit, one should always be protective one's family." Elizabeth said firmly. Not allowing for any polite pretension to recast the conversation, but also forgiving the Lady for her rude behavior. Darcy's aunt looked displeased with this rejoinder but with a glance at Darcy's hard expression, allowed the conversation to change to more polite topics. They were then able to spend the rest of the dinner in a more friendly manner. Darcy suggested they forgo the separation of the sexes and everyone agreed and moved to the parlor together. The ladies all took turns entertaining them with music and song. Elizabeth was, in Darcy's opinion, especially charming. She sang a simple melody but with great mastery and her strong alto voice entranced him. After the music Lady Esther suggested a game of whist but Mrs. Gardiner politely declined and announced their need to return home. As Darcy escorted Elizabeth to the door he leaned down and whispered an apology. That she didn't look at him and only nodded in response, concerned Darcy immensely. But he had no more opportunity to explain or comfort before Elizabeth was bustled out the door.
Hey, everyone so sorry I'm late in updating, I've had a crazy few days. anyways, I wanted to address a few comments I've had recently. 1) I've always thought that Mr. Bennet was more cruel and less funny then usually portrayed BUT you have to understand that the scene with him and Darcy is from Darcy's point of view, and thus skewed. As you'll see in this chapter, so is Elizabeth's. I think the truth is somewhere in the middle but will probably have to be a point of contention between them later. 2) why Darcy hasn't talked to Elizabeth about Mr. Bennet or Wickham? well, I think that while Darcy is oblivious sometimes, he isn't stupid. his own position in her life is not secure enough to challenge her feelings for her father. And I'm sure he just doesn't want to talk about Wickham. He's not used to having to talk about uncomfortable things. 3) thank you to those of you who found spelling mistakes. I do have a Bata reader now who will edit new chapters for me but it might be a while before we go through all the old ones. Thank you so much for all the follows and reviews it means so much to me. . . . . . Chapter 13 It was the second week in May, in which the three young ladies set out together from Gracechurch Street for the town of —, in Hertfordshire; and, as they drew near the appointed inn where Mr. Bennet's carriage was to meet them, they quickly perceived, in token of the coachman's punctuality, both Kitty and Lydia looking out of a dining-room upstairs. These two girls had been above an hour in the place, happily employed in visiting an opposite milliner, watching the sentinel on guard, and dressing a salad and cucumber. After welcoming their sisters, they triumphantly displayed a table set out with such cold meat as an inn larder usually affords, exclaiming, "Is not this nice? Is not this an agreeable surprise?" (Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice, Pt 2, Ch 16) "And we had meant to treat you all," added Lydia. "But now we don't need to, for we have learned of your success Jane! Congratulations, you are to be so rich!" At this exclamation both Kitty and Lydia burst into giggles and hugged their older sister. As usual when conversing with her sisters Elizabeth was charmed, touched and horrified all at the same time by their behavior. In her mind she broke it down in this way; it was charming to watch their beautiful, lively faces glow with excitement. It was touching because she felt they were genuine in their congratulations and pleasure in seeing them. And finally, Elizabeth was horrified by the reference to Jane's 'success', the materialistic turn of their minds and their willingness to exclaim about it in public. Nevertheless, Elizabeth knew it was out of her control and so simply determined to be charmed and touched instead of offended. This determination was tested quickly as Lydia dominated the conversation by chattering loudly about the shopping she'd done while waiting for them, interspersed with hints that Jane could now afford to buy her presents. Of one astonishingly ugly bonnet she'd purchased Lydia said with perfect unconcern, "Oh! but there were two or three much uglier in the shop; and when I have bought some prettier-coloured satin to trim it with fresh, I think it will be very tolerable. Besides, it will not much signify what one wears this summer, after the —shire are leaving Meryton, they are going to go in a fortnight." "Are they indeed!" cried Elizabeth... "They are going to be encamped near Brighton; and I do so want papa to take us all there for the summer! It would be such a delicious scheme; and I dare say would hardly cost anything at all. Mamma would like to go too of all things! Only think what a miserable summer else we shall have!" "Yes," thought Elizabeth, "that would be a delightful scheme indeed, and completely do for us at once. Good Heaven! Brighton, and a whole campful of soldiers, to us, who have been overset already by one poor regiment of militia, and the monthly balls of Meryton!" "Now I have got some news for you," said Lydia, as they sat down at table. "What do you think? It is excellent news—capital news—and about a certain person we all like!" Jane and Elizabeth looked at each other, and the waiter was told he need not stay. Lydia laughed, and said: "Aye, that is just like your formality and discretion. You thought the waiter must not hear, as if he cared! I dare say he often hears worse things said than I am going to say. But he is an ugly fellow! I am glad he is gone. I never saw such a long chin in my life. Well, but now for my news; it is about dear Wickham; too good for the waiter, is it not? There is no danger of Wickham's marrying Mary King. There's for you! She is gone down to her uncle at Liverpool: gone to stay. Wickham is safe." …. "She is a great fool for going away, if she liked him." "But I hope there is no strong attachment on either side," said Jane. "I am sure there is not on his. I will answer for it, he never cared three straws about her—who could about such a nasty little freckled thing?" Elizabeth was shocked to think that, however incapable of such coarseness of expression herself, the coarseness of the sentiment was little other than her own breast had harbored and fancied liberal! (Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice, Pt 2, Ch 16) "Anyway Lizzy! Are you not pleased?" Lydia asked eagerly. "Why should I be?" Elizabeth said, but truthfully knew why Lydia spoke so knowingly. She and Lt. Wickham had been great friends over the winter and the relationship had sometimes felt like… more than friendship but not quite anything else. She had liked him very much and he had liked her in return she had thought but they, both of them, knew nothing could come of it. But now? Now that she was allowing his worst enemy to court her? Elizabeth felt embarrassed and confused to think of Lt. Wickham now. She felt her relationship with Mr. Darcy was a betrayal of sorts and yet what else could she have done? But now, even worst then her most terrible imaginings, Lt. Wickham would be around her in society and what would people think? She wished, oh how she wished, she had not been so open in her favoritism! And that Mr. Wickham had not told the whole of the neighborhood of his unfortunate dealings with Mr. Darcy. Everyone she knew would think her so miserable and avaricious. "Oh yes!" Lydia giggled, interrupting Elizabeth's anxious thoughts. "I had forgotten, you are courting that horrid man! Lord, I don't know why you would! He is handsome I suppose but he was so terrible to poor Wickham and he always looks like he's just bitten into a lemon! I would not court him for anything, no matter how rich he is!" "Lydia!" Jane admonished. "Oh La, Jane! You know it is true! In any case, with Wickham free you need not court that dreadful man anymore!" She is only worried that I am in a relationship I do not want. She knows how much I care for Lt. Wickham and my original feelings toward Mr. Darcy. She is only encouraging her perceived better option for me with Lt. Wickham, Elizabeth thought, reinforcing her resolve to think well of her sister. "Lydia, our relative positions in life have not changed and neither has our friendship. And truly, I am happy in my current relationship with Mr. Darcy. He is not what you think. I do not know what happened between him and Lt. Wickham, but it cannot be what we thought for everything else I know of him is honorable and kind." Elizabeth said with rather more confidence than she felt but her pride would not allow Lydia, of all people, to pity her. In response to her defense though, Lydia only smirked knowingly and, seemingly tired of Elizabeth getting attention, turned the topic to that of a trick she, Kitty, Pen Harrington and Chamberlayne had played on the other officers. But Elizabeth paid little attention. As soon as they had all eaten, and the elder sisters paid, the carriages were called and after some little difficulty the whole party was settled. It was a somewhat snug with five women, their boxes, work-bags, parcels and the many, unwelcome additions of Kitty and Lydia's purchases. Lydia chattered happily throughout the drive, asking many questions of Jane and Elizabeth but rarely awaiting an answer before launching into a new series of thoughts. Elizabeth only half listened, so concerned she was about her reception in Longbourn and Meryton. She could already guess at the reactions of many of her family. Her mother would be ridiculous but happy for her. Mary would sermonize on the evils of greed and her father would be concerned about her. At least she could rely on her father, the business with Mr. Collins had proved that. But what of her Aunt Phillips? That aunt was nothing like the reasonable, kindness of her Aunt Gardiner and was well known as the town gossip. Aunt Phillips had always disliked Mr. Darcy for he had never accepted her invitations to dinner or cards and had publicly insulted her niece. On the other hand, Wickham had behaved in the exact opposite way. Elizabeth did not worry that her aunt would slander her, only that in trying to speculate the reasons for Elizabeth's choices, her aunt would misunderstand and spread those imaginings all over the town. Elizabeth did not fool herself that anyone; her aunt, her family or any of her friends would imagine anything but what Lydia had already declared to be true. Elizabeth knew the opinion would be that she disliked Mr. Darcy, coveted his money and was half-in-love with Lt. Wickham. In truth, it was humiliating. She physically ached with humiliation and the regret of having been so open with her feelings in the fall. Currently her feelings were much more complicated than the easy scorn she had once felt for Mr. Darcy. She would not say that she loved him, or even held a tendre for him. And yet… He had shown a capacity for kindness that she would never have suspected. Also, for all his formal, arrogant manners, could he truly be proud if he still admired her after their tiff in Kent? And while she knew it was vanity, she couldn't help but be flattered by his admiration. For a moment she ruminated on the admiration he professed for her. The memories of his soft expression, his romantic words and beautiful flowers warmed her heart. Then she was reminded of the dinner at his home, with his relatives. She had held her own and she thought she'd done well. But she had resented the obvious dislike of the match his relatives had shown. And why? Because her mother was not of an old family? Insufferable prejudice! Though she had not been willing to discuss the particulars with the Earl and Countess of Matlock, Elizabeth did know the reason for her parent's marriage. The Bennets, for all their honorable history had been all but destitute. Her father had hoped to marry an heiress but when his father had died he had been forced to choose quickly. Her maternal grandfather had been a very successful tradesman and his daughter was very beautiful. The marriage settlement had saved Longbourn and if her parents had birthed a son, all would have been perfect. But none of that was anyone's business, they had been married over twenty years and her mother was the mistress of an estate. That is all anyone need know, Elizabeth thought before she was pulled from her musings by Lydia demanding to know what presents she had brought home with her. There reception at home was boisterous and happy. Mrs. Bennet rejoiced at Jane's good fortune, and then Elizabeth's (for in her mind Elizabeth was quite engaged as well) and then back to Jane. She was almost overwhelmed with excitement, turning from one daughter to the next, her hands fluttering and her voice high. Mr. Bennet was more reserved but more than once during dinner did he say voluntarily to Elizabeth. "I am glad you are come back, Lizzy." Their dining-room was nearly full for all the Lucases had come to meet Maria and hear first-hand of the matches the Bennet girls had made. Aunt and Uncle Philips had also, of course, come to welcome the girls home. It was a lively table as Lady Lucas inquired of Maria the welfare and poultry of her eldest daughter. Mrs. Bennet was doubly engaged on the one hand collecting from her eldest two daughters all the stories of 'their' men and on the other hand retelling them to her sister and all the younger Lucases. Lydia tried several times to overcome the conversation but was ignored. Elizabeth did her best keep up with the questions and conversation around her. She was guiltily grateful that Jane bore the brunt of it as she was actually engaged and could discuss wedding ideas. When Elizabeth was asked a question, she portrayed excitement for her courtship and stressed every kind, romantic thing Mr. Darcy had done to her. It was not hard to blush and so Elizabeth did, and often. Because she hoped to give the impression of a girl in love, anything was better then everyone thinking her a money-hound. Later that afternoon Elizabeth flatly refused Lydia's hope to walk into Meryton. She was determined that it would not be said that the Miss Bennets could not be at home half a day before visiting officers. She also wished to delay any meeting with Wickham. Hopefully he would leave before they had to meet. Elizabeth felt guilty for this hope for it seemed traitorous to their friendship, but she just didn't know what she could say to him. Thankfully her father supported her against Lydia, which surprised Elizabeth until he called her into his office, then she knew he had opposed her leaving because he had wished to speak with her. She entered and quietly closed the door. "Yes, papa?" Mr. Bennet was pacing around his room with unusual energy. He suggested she sit while looking grave and anxious. "Lizzy, what are you doing? Are you out of your senses? I cannot tell you my surprise at a meeting with Mr. Darcy, let alone his mission. How can you have accepted his attentions, have you not always hated him?" "I have not always liked him it is true." Elizabeth started but was interrupted by her father. "He is proud and unpleasant! You should have been here when he called, how grand he was! Disapproving and demanding!" Elizabeth was surprised at her father's energy and disappointed that the interview had not gone better. Why had Mr. Darcy not told her of it? Had he, yet again, been blind to the offense he'd given? She was embarrassed to be attached to the man who had offended her father. She spent some time calming her father and answering his questions as best as she could. In the end she could tell her father was still against the match and was oddly grateful that he was not impressed by Mr. Darcy's position and wanted only her happiness. That evening as she readied for bed she reflected that everyone had behaved exactly as she had imagined and had to laugh. Despite all the imperfect characters and uncomfortable questions, Lizzy was glad to be home.
Chapter 14 . . . The lilacs were in bloom. Elizabeth stretched onto her tiptoes to bury her nose in a cluster of the purple flowers. Did anything smell better then lilacs? She thought not. Gently she broke the stem and added the bunch to her basket. Elizabeth was in the Longbourn gardens, surrounded by the tall bushes bursting with color and scent. Jane was with her and together they gathered all the lilacs that were full or just past full bloom to process into scented oils for the rest of the year. It was Elizabeth's favorite flower scent and she was excited to refill her supply. "Do you think Charles would like me to wear lilac oil?" Jane mused dreamily as she gathered. "I think your fiancé would like you no matter what scent you wore." Lizzy chuckled. Jane smiled in agreement and the knowledge that she was loved. "Still, he must have preferences in scent." "I suppose, you could try it and then ask him. But really, I should think that you should please yourself with the scent you wear, and you prefer rose." "I do, but the partiality is not strong and I'd very much like to please him. I like to show him how happy I am. Oh Lizzy, it is like a dream still and every morning when I wake, I wonder for a moment if it is real. And it is! I never thought I could be this happy." "I did. How can you not? Only someone with your goodness could be so happy." "Are you not happy with Mr. Darcy?" Jane asked. Elizabeth groped for a reply and seeing her confusion Jane added. "He will be here later today, will he not? Do you look forward to seeing him?" Monday had been the day Mr. Darcy had said he would arrive and so Elizabeth nodded and then paused to formulate a reply. "I am, well, excited to see him. Or at least curious. My mind keeps returning to his imminent arrival, what will he say? How will he act? I confess I am most intrigued." "Only intrigued?" "What else could I be? I supposed I am flattered by his attention. I think -mostly- well of him and he is very handsome. I confess that my heart does flutter when he is close. But I really do not know him very well. Certainly not well enough to allow my emotions to depend on him." "Do you not trust him?" Jane prodded gently. "I cannot. Not yet at least. It has not been two weeks since I was in Kent and I thought he hated me. He had destroyed your hope at happiness and was regularly rude to me. He is kind now, but I'm not even sure why." Elizabeth said. This had been an issue that had concerned her ever since he had asked for a courtship. Why? Why the sudden change of attitude? A man does not typically change all his behaviors overnight. But that is exactly what Mr. Darcy had done. The most flattering idea was that he respected her reproofs and had taken them to heart. The more likely motivation was that he liked her or was amused by her and so behaved how he thought he needed to. Such a motivation would disappear the moment she returned his feelings. Jane pursed her lips and frowned. "What? I see you have an opinion, why do you not say it?" Elizabeth laughed. "You will only laugh at me for being too optimistic." "I will not! I respect your advice." "Do you? Very well, I shall say this. His behavior has changed drastically, this I grant you freely. And perhaps his manners have not always been what they ought. But I believe his incentive is that he likes you very much indeed and has for quite some time." At Elizabeth's skeptical expression Jane sighed and said. "As I suspected, you do not believe me. Very well, I understand you do not wish to feel more then you believe he does. I, of all people, cannot fault you for that. However, you have one advantage I did not. You are courting, you can ask him personal questions. You can ask of his motivations and feelings." Elizabeth was surprised. She supposed she could, personal or direct questions were inappropriate in most social settings, but within a courtship they were allowed. "I know I have enjoyed the freedom to speak more directly with Charles." Jane added quietly. Elizabeth smiled mischievously, "Only speak?" "Lizzy, I don't know what you are talking of!" Jane said indignantly. "Nothing I am sure. It is only that on Friday, even though we were busy packing and preparing to go, your Mr. Bingley called to invite you on a walk." "There is nothing inappropriate about walking out with a man you are engaged to." Jane declared primly. "No. Of course not." Elizabeth said with extreme seriousness. Then added with a smirk. "It must have been very chilly for you were quite flushed on your return." "It was quite cool." "Hmmmmm. Perhaps windy as well? Your bonnet was a bit askew, I'm afraid." "Lizzy!" Elizabeth opened her mouth to continue her teasing when her mother rounded the hedge and threw up her hands melodramatically. "There you are! I had quite despaired! What are you doing? Lilacs? How can you think of such tasks! You must change! At once! I shall have to tell Sarah to redo your hair as well, these styles are much to simple!" "Why mama?" Jane asked. "Why? Wherever can your head be, child? Your future husbands are coming to call, and you are dressed for chores!" "In all likelihood, they will not be here for hours, mama, if at all. They must come from London, settle into Netherfield and then, only if all goes well could they visit today." Elizabeth tried to reason. "Also, you ought not call him that, we are not engaged." Her mother glared at her. "Do not be impudent, he made his intentions clear, if you could just mind your tongue I'm sure he will propose!" Before Elizabeth could respond Mrs. Bennet took her basket and started shooing them towards the house. Reluctantly the sisters allowed themselves to be herded inside and then redressed in one of their nicer morning dresses. The elaborate hairstyle however, they refused. Elizabeth had intended to allow it but when their mother had started speaking of feathers she had left the room and Jane had joined her. She would not wear colored ostrich feathers in her own sitting room, it was absurd. After much fussing, confusion and disorder, all six Bennet ladies were arranged artfully around the sitting room. The very picture of domestic bliss. Each woman and girl, dressed carefully and attractively while occupied with some ladylike endeavor. Elizabeth and Jane wished to finish their task with the lilacs but submitted to their mother and embroidered instead. Lydia and Kitty had wanted to rip apart an old bonnet and redecorate it with the new ribbon Jane have brought them from London, but Mrs. Bennet thought that would make a mess and so insisted they were made to practice drawing. Mary was inclined to practice on the piano, but Mrs. Bennet wanted to hear when her guests arrived and so suggested she read. And so, they sat. The first hour was not too bad. The Longs stopped by and made a brief but polite call and their various activities held some interest. The second hour they had two calls. Colonel Foster's wife, Harriet Forster, who was not much older than Lydia and her particular friend. That silly visit was blessedly short in Elizabeth's opinion but the same could not be said about her Aunt Phillips' call. It was obvious to Elizabeth that her aunt hoped to stay long enough that she could see the gentlemen and take the gossip of how they behaved back to town with her. Thankfully, Mrs. Bennet showed unusual good sense and did not invite her sister to stay for lunch. Elizabeth was very grateful. While she loved her family and refused to wish them to change for Mr. Darcy's benefit, she had to admit to herself that she would be embarrassed to be in the same room with Mr. Darcy, her mother, and her inappropriate aunt. The third hour they sat together was the worst, all six women had gotten somewhat restless and there were no more calls to distract from their disinterest in their tasks. When the clock struck the next hour Lydia bolted up, declared herself done and left the room. It was shockingly disrespectful but when her mother only huffed and released them all, Elizabeth felt grateful. However, she had only just curled up in her favorite library chair when she heard a loud exclamation and her mother burst into the room announcing that the men had been sighted. Caught between annoyance and excitement, Elizabeth resettled herself in the sitting room and waited. Jane and Mary returned as well but Kitty and Lydia were nowhere to be seen, a fact that Elizabeth had to be grateful of, not matter how unwillingly. Only a few minutes passed and then the gentlemen were led into the room and announced. All the girls rose and curtsied and were bowed to in return. There were smiles shared by both couples but before the gentlemen could even sit down Mrs. Bennet started thanking the men of the attention they paid her daughters. She fluttered and chattered, fawning and gossiping. Elizabeth was humiliated. She knew her mother did not mean to embarrass her, Elizabeth knew that Mrs. Bennet was uncomfortable, nervous and desirous to please. Her mother was of the opinion that men liked cheerful, engaging women, however it often made her look ridiculous. Suddenly Elizabeth was reminded of Mr. Darcy's words to her in Kent regarding her family. 'it was obvious to any observer that your mother was the one who cherished the match the most.' He had said. She blushed anew. She twisted her fingers on her lap and avoided Mr. Darcy's looks. She was afraid to see scorn in his expression. More of his words came back to her. 'But there were other causes of repugnance; your mother's ties to trade was nothing in comparison to that total want of propriety so frequently, so almost uniformly betrayed by herself, by your three younger sisters, and occasionally even by your father.' Her father, where was her father? Elizabeth realized with a jolt that though it was expected at this point that her father avoid the typical calls of their neighbors, shouldn't he attend this call? A visit by his prospective sons-in-law? It was more than negligent, it was actually rude. Just then Lydia and Kitty burst into the room, both holding one end of a dismantled bonnet. "Mama, Kitty says that it should be blue ribbon, but I think pink is more charming! Tell her, mama!" Lydia exclaimed without a curtsy to their guests. "It is my bonnet, why should she get to pick the color?" Kitty argued. Elizabeth all but leaped to her feet. Struggling to maintain her ladylike composure Elizabeth said. "Mother, I don't believe Mr. Bingley or Mr. Darcy have seen our gardens. Perhaps we should walk out?" Ignoring her youngest two daughters, Mrs. Bennet clasped her hands, thrilled; "that is a great Idea, Lizzy! She certainly is a clever one, isn't she Mr. Darcy? I dare say I don't need to tell you! I-" before she could continue Elizabeth led the way to the front door. Her mother followed to the door and chattered while the two couples gathered their outwear but thankfully didn't join them as they stepped outside. As soon as they stepped outside all four of them smiled at each other and Elizabeth suggested that they walk down to the river and then tour their gardens. "How was the journey from London?" Jane asked Mr. Bingley. "Too long, I was dying to see you!" He returned. Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy shared a glance and smiled at his eagerness. Jane and Bingley chatted happily of their weekend, filling each other in on their comings and goings. Elizabeth noticed that Mr. Darcy was walking very slowly. She didn't think he was limping but slowed to match his stride, after a moment passed and the space between the two couples started to grow, Elizabeth thought she understood the reason for the slow pace. Another minute and both couples had reasonable privacy as well as every appearance of propriety. Elizabeth smiled up at Mr. Darcy and said teasingly. "And how would you describe your journey this morning." He smiled back, "This is a trap." "Mr. Darcy, I cannot understand what you mean, I ask after your welfare." Elizabeth said lightly. Her beau slanted a playful but suspicious look at her face. "If I am gallant then you will smirk as you did at my friend. If I am pragmatic, then you are offended that I was not eager to see you." "I am sure I would be delighted by any answer you give." "Then I shall say only this. It was a smooth trip, the weather was good, the roads well cared for and nothing remarkable happened." He paused, then added. "And I missed you and am very pleased to see you." "I am pleased to see you as well." She looked up at him. His handsome face was smiling at her comment and seeing his dimples, Elizabeth felt her thoughts catch on the sight. For a long moment the two smiled into each other's faces. Elizabeth felt like she was relearning his features. When he smiled at her like that, she thought he must be the handsomest man in the world. His eyes, which she had once thought dark and disapproving, were now deep and intense with something she couldn't quite name but made her heart beat faster. Mr. Bingley's laughter from up ahead broke the spell and Elizabeth looked down. "Will Georgiana join you at Netherfield? You said before that she might." "Yes, she will arrive Monday next." "We shall be a merry party this summer." Elizabeth said cheerfully. "It has been some weeks since you had left Longbourn, how do you find it upon your return?" Elizabeth experienced a feeling of falling. In a second all her joy vanished and the humiliating spectacle from the morning returned to her thoughts. How dare he? He thought to challenge her? Remind her of his words and force her to admit the truth of them? Despite any faults they had, they were her family and she would not be disloyal to them for anyone. Not even him, especially not him! "I find it very well, sir. It is very pleasant is it not, to be surrounded by family in one's own home." She said stiffly. He sent her a baffled look. "It is indeed." Her heated expression met his confused one and they held the look, each trying to read the other. Finally, Elizabeth felt her ire melting away. He had obviously not meant what she had thought he had. She laughed at herself, apparently, I am still a little sore about our past dealings. Remembering what Jane had said about having license to be more direct, Elizabeth tried to be more open. "Excuse my stiffness sir. I-" Elizabeth started and then heaved a rather unladylike sigh. "In truth I have had some difficulties in resettling myself. But I find it makes me sore to talk about with you, as I know your opinion of them." Mr. Darcy looked startled. "Miss Elizabeth. I certainly did not mean anything negative about your family. I only meant to ask after your welfare. I now see I said it in very awkward manner, I apologize." Elizabeth's first instinct, born of a lifetime of politeness training, told her to smooth it out and turn the conversation to lighter things. But she knew that his scornful opinion of her family had to be spoken of. Cautiously she said. "There is no apology necessary, you truly did not speak anything odd or impolite. I only interpreted it as such because I know the estimation you have of my family. However, you must know, you must realize, that for all their faults -and I realize there are many- I love them and would not wish to be separated from them." It was Mr. Darcy's turn to be silent for a moment. Her hand was still on his arm and he reached over with his other hand and stroked her fingers. Despite the conversation, Elizabeth found the sensation soothing. "You are being direct with me, I appreciate it and will do the same." Mr. Darcy said. "I am a little offended that you would think that of me. That you distrust me so that you fear being separated from your own family. But I have considered your words and I must find them fair. I have expressed distaste and scorn. I have spoken of being settled too near one's family and a distaste for connection with your family, although I was speaking of Bingley's future, my opinions were obvious. I was very wrong to have done so. I am ashamed of what I said and that it has hurt you. I am very sorry." Elizabeth was touched by his sincerity, flattered by his sentiment and distressed at having offended him. However, the strong part of her mind told her that her feelings -even he had admitted- were justified and while she could not like offending him, the truth was more important. And the truth was that while he been wrong to say discourteous things and hurt her feelings, that was not the true concern. It was that he hated her family and that created a distance between them. "I can and do forgive your discourteous words concerning them. However, how can I be comfortable? Knowing no matter your new politeness that your mind is filled with scorn?" Mr. Darcy looked pained. He looked around as if searching for the right words in the foliage around them. The forest underbrush was overgrown in this area and the trees had gotten so dense and large, that they could barely see the sky above them. It had created a feeling of complete privacy that Elizabeth appreciated, considering the conversation. "I have thought often of your words to me in Kent, you said that I had a 'selfish disdain for the feelings of others'. You know not how your words have tormented me since. And not for the pain connected with angering you -though you can be assured I felt that intensely- but for the rightness of them. I realized that I had not made any effort to understand people. I judged them by my standards and made no allowance for difference of character or inclination." Mr. Darcy paused and scrubbed his free hand over his eyes. "I cannot promise to love them at you do. Unfortunately, I believe that they are of the exact wrong temperament for me to get along with well. However, I hope in the future that I can learn to be understanding of them. For instance, I find there is much, with more consideration, that I like about your mother." Elizabeth was surprised. Knowing that they were nearing the river and that the path was starting to get wet and steep, Elizabeth concentrated more on stepping carefully but still asked. "My mother? I would have thought her manners would annoy you the most." "Her manners? Yes, I admit that they do. However, I am hardly in a position to judge someone entirely by their manners. While your mother has a tendency to be awkward and say the wrong thing, I can relate. Though that trait appears very differently in my character, it is still one I struggle with. And her character, her intentions, I think are not bad. She is proud of you and your sisters and hopes for a good future for all of you." Elizabeth could not help but be skeptical. This was an extreme turn of sentiment. With a raised eyebrow she challenged. "And what of Mary? Are you suddenly fond of her piano playing?" Instead of taking offense Mr. Darcy grinned down at her. "She is eager to please, just doesn't know how." "Kitty following every idea of Lydia's, even to her detriment?" Elizabeth pushed. "She is loyal and cheerful." "Lydia?" Mr. Darcy looked momentarily stumped and Elizabeth had to fight a chuckle, her youngest sister was difficult to sympathize with. Then a smug expression replaced his confused one and Mr. Darcy said with an air of utmost chivalry, "How can I condemn her friendly, energetic manner when I so appreciate the same trait in you?" Elizabeth laughed outright. "Very clever, Mr. Darcy. With one statement you forgive my sister and flatter me." "It is not flattery because I genuinely admire you." Elizabeth blushed and looked down. She could not help the warm feeling in her heart at his words. "And what of my father?" she said to finish out the conversation. Of all her family she felt that only Jane was without fault, but Mr. Darcy could have little against her father. Mr. Darcy didn't answer her right away and Elizabeth looked up, surprised to see his troubled eyes looking back at her. "I do not wish to injure your feelings. I know how much esteem you hold him in. Indeed, in him I see many of the traits that I admire about you. He is intelligent and witty, he has gifted you with a love of reading and his attachment to you is obvious." Mr. Darcy stopped and taking both her hands he said gently. "However, I cannot like the abuse and neglect of his manner regarding the rest of your family. He exposes them to ridicule and then laughs as if he is not connected. No. nor can I like his witty barbs that hurt others, I think all the rest of your family would be much happier and more respectable if he would only take the effort to guide them." Elizabeth fought the urge to snatch her hands from the man. He had taken her uncomfortable words and rebukes so calmly and fairly that she felt she owed him some consideration of his words. She could not like them though. Her father had always been there for her, he was kind to her when her mother scorned her interests and manner. He had backed her up when Mr. Collins had made his odious proposal. But… But he had not said that her father was without redeeming qualities but had instead laid several specific sins at his door. Elizabeth gently withdrew her hands and taking his arm, led him on. A moment later they came to the river and the foot bridge across. Elizabeth stopped in the middle of the bridge and looked down into the water. It bubbled happily below, and she allowed herself to get lost in thought. She had always seen her family as individuals, each with their own flaws and strengths. But now she realized that to Mr. Darcy, the ultimate responsibility for the behavior of her family did not lie with the individual but with their father as the head of the household. Now that she thought of it, she was aware that most of her friends respected and to some extent feared their fathers. Did Lydia fear to displease her father? She thought of her uncle, Mr. Gardiner, and the caring but firm manner he had with his children. How different would she and all her family be if her father had demanded good behavior of them? In her peripheral vision she saw Mr. Darcy lean against the rail, facing her, his intense eyes on her face. She turned and offered him a small smile, "I cannot like your words Mr. Darcy. But I feel they have some truth. Can I leave it at that for now? I'm sorry but I do not have a better answer at the moment." "I do not need any answer from you. I did not wish to make you uncomfortable or force you to answer for him. Do not concern yourself over my thoughts." Mr. Darcy shifted a little closer and smiled down into her upturned face. "In the end it doesn't really matter how I feel about your family. They could be the worst people in England, and I would still- My feelings for you would not change." Elizabeth was suddenly aware of how close he stood to her, and how very alone they were. She had not caught sight of Jane or Mr. Bingley for some time and the forest around her was quiet. Her breath quickened, and she felt nervous and excited. In a quiet voice Mr. Darcy said, "Beautiful Elizabeth, nothing could change my admiration for you." Slowly, as if he expected her to bolt, Mr. Darcy raised his hand and lightly brushed a loose curl from her cheek. When she didn't pull away, his hand returned and gently stoked her cheek with his fingers. Elizabeth could think of nothing to say; her mind was too excited and her feelings too new and confused but she- she didn't want to move. His touch felt like nothing she had ever felt, and she wanted it. Cautiously she took a tiny step closer to him. Mr. Darcy looked surprised but thrilled with her movement, he took her hand and kissed it. Still Elizabeth did not pull away and suddenly Mr. Darcy removed his hat, dropped it and then gently pulled her closer, bent down and kissed her lips. The kiss only lasted a few seconds, but Elizabeth's head swam with the sensation. She gasped and stepped back. For a moment they both stared at each other, their chests heaving and their eyes alight. He kissed me! Elizabeth thought, with more delight than concern. She knew he oughtn't have and she certainly should not have allowed him, but she found she couldn't care. She smiled at him, despite needing to retreat, she found she was glad he had done it. At her smile, Mr. Darcy grinned with triumph and joy. Then he reached out and took her hand, kissing it and placing it on his arm. "We should probably return. I cannot trust myself so completely alone with you." The walk back was made mostly in silence. Elizabeth was too overcome to say much and spent most of the time lost in the memory of the kiss, the feeling of him walking so closely to her and his loving eyes on her face whenever she looked up at him. They spoke a little of inconsequential things and smiled much and laughed often. As they neared the garden they caught sight of Jane and Mr. Bingley rejoining their path from a different one and neither couple said a word of the extended time away or the slight blush on the cheeks of both sisters. It was a happy, easy party who made their way back to Longbourn. Elizabeth invited the men to stay for dinner, but they said they had promised Mr. Bingley's sister, Caroline, that they would return for dinner. And so, very regretfully, the men took their leave, promising to return the next morning.
Chapter 15 Tuesday morning Fitzwilliam Darcy found himself almost skipping down the stairs in Netherfield. He hadn't felt this giddy since he was a boy. But he had kissed her. And she had allowed him to, more then allowed, she had liked it if her smile was anything to go by. Just the memory of her soft lips and bright eyes filled him with heat and he felt almost desperate return to her presence. Perhaps they could take another walk… Caroline Bingley rounded the corner and interrupted his thoughts. Smiling, she said "It is such a fine day, what say you we all go riding together? I have heard there are some Roman ruins near St. Albans that are only an hour's ride away." That was a pleasant idea, but certainly not without Elizabeth's company. "Bingley and I had planned on calling on Longbourn today. I will ask the Bennets if they are interested in such an excursion and perhaps we can make a day of it. Bring a picnic and the whole party. Wouldn't that be pleasant, Miss Bingley?" Miss Bingley looked annoyed but before she could comment, Bingley joined them and they all entered the breakfast room. It was a pleasant meal, Miss Bingley's tastes often ran a bit too exotic and fancy for Fitzwilliam, but thankfully she kept breakfast pretty simple. Bingley chattered cheerfully and suggested that his sister join them for their call on Longbourn. She was 'unfortunately still sorting the house, after all, there is much to be done as the mistress of an estate'. Bingley warned her that they might accept an invitation from the Bennets to stay for dinner so not to include them in her plans for the afternoon. At which Miss Bingley looked unhappy but said little. Darcy and Bingley both finished their food quickly and took leave politely of Miss Bingley. Having sent word before breakfast, Darcy found Maximus already saddled and waiting for him. He swung up and when Bingley did the same they grinned at each other. Neither had said a word about it the night before, but they both knew what the other had been up to on their private walk with their ladies. But gentlemen, they knew, did not talk about such things when it involved a lady they respected. As they rode across the three miles separating Netherfield from Longbourn house Fitzwilliam considered his next move. She had let him kiss her! That in and of itself was enough to give him hope. But their conversation had gone well too, or at least he thought it had. She seemed pleased by his response, and she had been willing to consider his perspective as well. He thought that there would not need to be many more such walks before he could propose. That kiss! It had filled his dreams the night before! Often Fitzwilliam dreamed of Elizabeth but last night had been even worse. She had danced through his dreams, smiling and teasing him and then coming close and kissing him. Yes, if no one else suggested another walk, he would. After all, they hadn't managed to see the Longbourn gardens, and he found he was very curious to explore them. He was engaged in such pleasant thoughts as these as he neared Longbourn. All silly but pleasing thoughts vanished when he noticed a grand carriage in the drive. He immediately recognized it as his aunt's. Lady Catherine de Bourgh was at Longbourn. Blast it all to hell! Fitzwilliam thought. Just when he was making progress, his aunt would surely cause them difficulties. He urged his horse to quicken his pace and cantered down the rest of the drive. As he drew abreast of the carriage he pulled up and leaped from his horse. Perhaps she had only just arrived and was still within? No, the coachmen said she had been inside some minutes already. Fitzwilliam rushed to knock on the door but stopped when he suddenly heard raised voices from the gardens on the side of the house. He shared a glance with Bingley and noticed the confused expression on his friend's face. "It is my aunt, Lady De Bourgh's coach. I fear she will cause Miss Elizabeth discomfort. I think I hear them in the garden. I will go investigate, why don't you insure all is well inside?" Bingley agreed, and Fitzwilliam hurried towards the gardens. As he neared he grew more certain it was his aunt's voice and indeed, her anger was readily apparent. Soon he could make out her words and was horrified to hear her say, "Let me be rightly understood. This match, to which you have the presumption to aspire, can never take place. No, never. Mr. Darcy is engaged to my daughter. Now what have you to say?" Elizabeth's words were more calm and he could not make them out. But whatever she said was interrupted by his aunt, ""You have no regard, then, for the honour and credit of my nephew! Unfeeling, selfish girl! Do you not consider that a connection with you must disgrace him in the eyes of everybody?" Darcy rounded the corner just as she finished, and he burst out. "I must ask that you desist, Madam!" Both ladies jumped in surprise of his sudden appearance. His aunt was obviously displeased to see him, she stood close to Elizabeth as if she had been trying to intimidate her and her fists were clenched in anger. Fitzwilliam felt a rush of protectiveness when he saw Elizabeth standing strong against his aunt's verbal onslaught. She looked so small and slight next to his aunt and the sight filled him with admiration for her and anger towards his aunt. "Lady Catherine, I cannot imagine what you are about but if you would follow me back to Netherfield we can discuss it." Fitzwilliam gritted out as he stepped nearer to Elizabeth. "Absolutely not! Go into the home of a tradesmen? I don't know why you would so demean yourself, but I certainly will not! No, we will speak here. I will not allow this- this chit to ruin you!" Darcy felt his own hands clench in rage and he turned his back on his aunt to face Elizabeth. "Miss Elizabeth, I apologize most heartily, I beg you to return to your house so that I may spare you any more grief." "Do not turn your back on me! Do you not remember who I am? I am a Lady and almost your nearest relation! I will be heard, and this young woman will remain where she is. I will not spare her anything, she has earned this confrontation!" Fitzwilliam ignored his aunt for a moment and looked into Elizabeth's face. She did not look scared nor ready to cry as many women did when arguing; but composed, with only an angry glint in her eye. She gifted him a small smile and said. "I need be spared nothing, Mr. Darcy, I am not intimidated." Fitzwilliam turned to stand next to her, feeling torn between admiration for her courage and frustration that she wouldn't allow him to protect her. "Aunt, this is an inappropriate venue for this discussion, why I could hear you from the road!" "Good! I should hope someone hears, it ought to be known what she is!" Elizabeth responded without concern. "Everyone who knows me already knows that I have entered into a courtship with your nephew, I have nothing to hide." "Obstinate, headstrong girl! I am ashamed of you! Is this your gratitude for my attentions to you last spring? Is nothing due to me on that score?" Lady Catherine stepped forward and her eyes narrowed. "You are to understand, Miss Bennet, that I am here with the resolute determination of carrying my purpose! I have not been used to submit to any person's whims. I have not been in the habit of brooking disappointment." "That will make your ladyship's situation at present more pitiable; but it will have no effect on me." Elizabeth replied before Fitzwilliam could. "I will not be interrupted! Hear me in silence. My daughter and my nephew are formed for each other. They are descended, on the maternal side, from the same noble line; and, on the father's, from respectable, honorable, and ancient—though untitled—families. Their fortune on both sides is splendid. They are destined for each other by the voice of every member of their respective houses; and what is to divide them? The upstart pretensions of a young woman without family, connections, or fortune. Is this to be endured! But it must not, shall not be. If you were sensible of your own good, you would not wish to quit the sphere in which you have been brought up." "Enough, Aunt!" Darcy exclaimed. "I will not have you spread this delusion any longer! Perhaps such a match could have been at one time. But it is absurd now. All the rest of the family sees that, I have spoken to my uncle of this and he agrees. Anne is not strong enough to be the mistress of either, let alone, both estates! As for Miss Elizabeth, I am honored by her agreement to a courtship with me. I am a gentleman and she is a gentlemen's daughter. We are of the same sphere and very well matched. Should she agree someday to marry me I shall be the luckiest of men!" Fitzwilliam was startled from his anger by feeling Elizabeth's hand brush his. He clasped it before it could retreat and immediately felt stronger. "She may be a gentlemen's daughter but who is her mother? Her relations? Do not think me ignorant of their situation!" "Whatever the situation of my maternal relations, if Mr. Darcy does not object then they can be nothing to you." Elizabeth retorted. "And I do not. I very much enjoyed getting to know your uncle and his family in London." Lady Catherine seemed speechless for a moment as she stared back and forth at both their faces. Then she noticed Elizabeth's hand in his and found her fury once more. "You will not go through with this! I know the truth, indeed, her arts and allurements may, in this moment of infatuation, cloud your judgment but soon you will grow tired of her cheap favors and return to Anne!" Fury filled Darcy's mind and before he could even consider his actions he had grabbed his aunt's arm and started to propel her towards the road. "You will leave here at once. You have insulted her and I in every manner possible and I will not, I shall not allow it. I shall write to the Earl of this encounter and we shall see what he thinks of your behavior." His aunt ignored his words, shrieking her indignation at being touched in such a way. As they exited the garden Darcy released his aunt's arm but by walking directly behind her forced her to continue moving toward her carriage. As they rounded the corner Fitzwilliam noticed Lady Catherine's two footmen hesitating by the carriage as if they might intercede but did not know if they should. He merely nodded curtly at them and opened the door for his aunt. "Tell that young woman that I take no leave of her or her family, I am-" Before she could continue her diatribe, Darcy slammed the door closed. "Ride on!" He called to the carriage driver, the man looked confused and tense but did as Darcy commanded. Darcy was so angry he wanted to hit something. He had finally made progress in his relationship with Elizabeth, and how his aunt had come and had probably ruined everything. His aunt! And to think, he had thought his family so high above Elizabeth's! But no, nothing any Bennet had ever done came close to this behavior of his aunt's. And what of his own? He had manhandled his aunt; would she think him a brute? He watched the carriage rumble down the road through narrowed eyes, then noticed Elizabeth standing in the garden entrance, staring at him. Slowly he made his way towards her. I don't know what to say. Lord knows I never know what to say but for once, just this once I wish I had the right words! Before he could reach her, she turned and started back into the garden, but her glance told him that he should follow and so he did. They returned to where the argument had taken place and for a moment they only looked at each other. Darcy still speechless with anger and concern, stood stiffly with his hands still clenched. "Mr. Darcy, be calm. I am alright." "How can you be? You cannot be unmoved by such rudeness. She smeared your character and mine!" Darcy was not sure why he was pushing for her to be angry but could not stop his words. Elizabeth huffed a short breath and then shrugged. "She was angry, however she said only what everyone else thinks." "What can you be speaking of?" Darcy exclaimed in horror. "From the prospective of the village, you did not see me as worthy for months on end and then we are away 'together' in a different county and we come back courting. Many are suspicious, but few are as blunt as your aunt." Fitzwilliam was stunned. How could this be the public view of them? How was everyone so blind? Darcy hated the thought of being gossiped about. He had spent most of his adult life living in a way that protected him from it. And now he had behaved in such a way as to expose his darling Elizabeth to cruel speculation? Desperately he asked, "And this? This is what everyone thinks?" "No, not everyone. Mostly, I am thought well of in Meryton. Probably most wonder what happened in Kent to change our minds. They might have suspicions or thoughts but their general good opinion of me protects me considerably. I am sorry to say that you did not create much good will while here last fall and thus are probably viewed with some distrust. My sisters tell me most people assume that you have fallen victim to my charms and I am allowing your interest because of greed." Suddenly she flushed and looked away. "I am sorry. I- I should not have said anything. Only that your aunt upset me. Probably public opinion is not nearly so bad. I only hate the thought that I am being gossiped about. And struggle with helplessness that I cannot refute it." Darcy considered for a moment and then said. "I hate it too. I loathe being spoken of behind my back. To be honest it's most of the reason I was in such a foul temper when we first met. As soon as I stepped in the room I could feel the eyes on me and hear the whispered 'ten thousand a year' repeated all around me. Yet how I wish I had behaved better then! If I had not made that unforgivable comment about you (yes, I know you heard it, James told me) then perhaps we could have had a friendship much earlier and I would not have exposed you to the humiliation of gossip." Elizabeth looked at him shifting restlessly from foot to foot. Finally, she said, "It may have been regrettable in light of our current understanding, but you were not wholly wrong. If you had danced with me it would have been seen with undue consequence in the eyes of the room, thus creating gossip in an entirely different way. You heard how much Jane and Bingley's dances was made of. And you were right, I am not as beautiful as Jane. Though I always did wonder why you didn't ask her to dance if you agreed with Mr. Bingley on her beauty." "Because I didn't want to dance with her!" Darcy exclaimed, frustrated with the turn in the conversation, or maybe just embarrassed. He scrubbed his hand over his face and said carefully. "I admit, upon seeing both of you, I knew that Jane was more… fashionably pretty. And also, I wanted to satisfy Bingley, but I was never, never interested in your sister, not even for a moment. The truth is that not even five minutes had passed but I regretted my words. I saw you laughing across the room and wanted to speak with you. I was so drawn to you that I- I resented the power you seemed to have over me. That's why I avoided you for so long. I am ashamed to admit it, but it is true." Elizabeth seemed surprised but then she smiled and said, "You liked me even then? Remind me to never play cards with you sir, you hid it very well indeed!" In the face of his confusion Elizabeth's smile grew larger and then she laughed. "Come, Mr. Darcy, you need not look so worried." She took his arm and led him through the garden walks. "I am flattered by your words and am sure that after we are seen together a few times and our friends and family speak happily of us, then there will not be a great amount of gossip. In truth every new relationship causes some talk, I am not unduly worried." She was so magnificent! Beautiful and strong, undaunted by both his aunt and the opinions of anyone! More than undaunted, she laughed! Fitzwilliam struggled not to grab her up and kiss her breathless. The thought danced in his eye and he wondered if it would truly be a terrible idea. The kiss yesterday had gone well. But then, yesterday she hadn't just been called a harlot. Darcy decided against the impulse and expressed his hopeful agreement with her words. "Truly," she added, "my only real worry is that she will go to your uncle, the Earl, like she threatened, and convince him to denounce the match. You might be able bear her displeasure, but your uncle is another matter entirely." Darcy started to shake his head even before she had finished speaking. "My uncle, though maybe a little stiff with you last week, is not against the match. However, as you heard me say, he is against a match between Anne and I. My Aunt will not convince him. Also, I intend to write to him as soon as we complete our conversation. He will know how to handle Lady Catherine." "Come then, let us go in. My father can lend you writing supplies if you wish. I did hope that you will accept an invitation to stay for dinner today, as you hinted yesterday." Fitzwilliam assured her that his plans had not changed. He was pleased that despite the uncomfortable morning she was not sending him away. As they neared the house Elizabeth commented, "I am glad of one thing, my mother is away from the house with both my youngest sisters. We were not expecting you or Mr. Bingley so early and so she thought to return some calls in the neighborhood. She would have made much of a visit from someone of your aunt's rank." Fitzwilliam was a little ashamed of his happiness at the news of her family's absence, after all it had been only yesterday that he had defended them. But when Elizabeth smiled at him Fitzwilliam realized she had been sincere in her comment and they could share their relief. They entered Longbourn and Elizabeth led him to the parlor when Miss Bennet, Bingley and Miss Mary were sitting. Elizabeth curtseyed to Mr. Bingley and Darcy bowed at her sisters than Elizabeth showed him to the writing desk. After supplying him with the writing tools Elizabeth sat beside Miss Mary and joined the conversation. Darcy listened as she made light of the visit from Lady Catherine as he started his letter. As he detailed the events of that morning in his letter to the Earl, Darcy remembered his anger. Elizabeth might be able to shrug it off, make light of it and laugh but Darcy could not. Lady Catherine had come to an estate she had not been invited to and berated a gentleman's daughter, inferring that she was sexually immoral and avaricious. Darcy included every detail of the confrontation, including the exact words used. In the closing Darcy made it very clear that he hoped to marry Elizabeth and actually already considered himself promised to her. He would not be dissuaded from her and he hoped that the Earl would not allow Lady Catherine to continue behaving in such a way. His aunt may have been a peer in her own right, a grown woman with a child and an estate but socially she still answered to the male head of the family, her elder brother the Earl. Darcy could only hope his uncle would exercise that authority, the Earl would not be motivated for Elizabeth's sake but perhaps for propriety. After all, if his aunt created a scandal by opposing the match it would only reflect badly on the family as a whole. Darcy wrote quickly and, he thought, well and on the end was satisfied with the letter. He caught Elizabeth's eye and she called for a footman. After clearing it with Elizabeth, Mr. Darcy paid the young man to take it into Meryton and post it express. He winced at the comments that a letter written by him, dispatched from Longbourn and mailed express to London and addressed to an Earl would create. But he supposed Elizabeth was right, once a little time had passed and nothing came of it, it would be forgotten. Darcy turned back and assessed the room. Miss Bennet and Bingley were seated next to each other, she was embroidering a scrap of cloth and smiling as Bingley chattered enthusiastically about something or other. The man had more energy than anyone should, Darcy thought with a smile. Elizabeth was conversing with her sister Mary as they sat together on the settee, they seemed to be discussing a page of music that Miss Mary was holding. Miss Mary glanced over to him, noticed his gaze on them and declared a sudden need for a cup of tea. Her statement and action were not subtle, in fact they were an obvious abdication of the seat for Darcy's benefit, but he appreciated the gesture none the less and at Elizabeth's welcoming smile he seated himself next to her. Miss Mary returned in a moment with her cup of tea and sat in an armchair on the other side of Elizabeth. Darcy found that he had nothing particular to speak of and after a slightly awkward moment Elizabeth and Miss Mary reentered their conversation of music. Apparently, Elizabeth had brought back new music pieces from London and the both of them were studying and practicing diligently to master them. Turning back to him Elizabeth said, "And what do you think of the piece I brought back, Mr. Darcy? It is Muzio Clementi's Sonatina in C, Op. 36 no. 1." "I am afraid I can give no firsthand account of the work. While I was trained in piano as a boy, it has been probably nearly fifteen years since I have played. And I do not believe that was a piece I learned." "I am somewhat surprised that you learned it at all. I only thought your sister may have played it or maybe even just mentioned it." Elizabeth said. "Plato reminds us 'music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue.' I think it is good that you learned, Mr. Darcy, all children should." Miss Mary added, casting a glance at Elizabeth that Darcy interpreted as frustrated. "I agree with that, Miss Mary. I find it broadens one's mind and gives that person a better appreciation for music the rest of their life. It also requires discipline which I find an important lesson for children." Elizabeth and Miss Mary shared another glance that Darcy thought portrayed mutual exasperation. Wondering at it he asked, "Miss Elizabeth?" "Oh, I apologize, Mr. Darcy. My sister and I share a frustration that our two younger sisters are not required to practice more. They both received lessons in the school room but since they have been brought out they do not practice, claiming to have little love for it and our parents do not require it of them." "A little piano practice would hardly cure those girls of their silly disposition," Mr. Bennet said from the doorway, startling all three of them. Miss Mary and Elizabeth both looked down, embarrassed to be caught speaking against their parents. Darcy wasn't sure how to react, on the one hand, the women had been right, Miss Lydia and Miss Catherine should be required to practice. Surely, they would be asked at some point to present their talents and would not have anything to present, thus embarrassing the family. However, he could hardly defy Mr. Bennet in his own home, regarding his parenting of his daughters, so Darcy only stood and bowed to the man. Mr. Bennet was wearing his typical amused expression, but Darcy thought he saw annoyance hidden behind the slight smile. "Father, I apologize, we were not speaking of-" "No, no it's quite alright Lizzy, I understand! What else are young people to talk about but the unfairness of their parents?" Darcy was upset at the sarcasm in Mr. Bennet's tone and was surprised to hear Elizabeth laugh in response. "Father, while I cannot vouch for what you spoke of when you were a young man, I assure you, we were only speaking of the music I bought in London." Mr. Bennet harrumphed. Fitzwilliam returned to his seat and examined Elizabeth's face for signs of distress but found none, if anything he saw an amusement that so resembled her father's. Was she amused by the exchange? Did she not realize that her father was angry and belittling her siblings? Suddenly a memory came to Darcy of last fall in Netherfield, she had worn a very similar expression while teasing him about his pride. Perhaps hiding negative emotions with a smirk was another trait Elizabeth shared with her father. "And what have you to say, Mary? Nothing at all?" "Along with Walter Landor, I believe that 'music is God's gift to man, the only art of Heaven given to earth, the only art of earth we take to Heaven.'" Miss Mary said in an overly formal tone. While Darcy liked the quote, he was not sure of the relevance it had to the current topic. Apparently, Mr. Bennet thought the same but instead of only thinking it he laughed outright. "Very good Mary! When we have few thoughts of our own we must rely on other's, mustn't we? And Walter Landor is at least, not as boring as Fordyce, yes indeed, very good show." Shocked, Darcy looked at Elizabeth to see her reaction, but she only looked down, avoiding his glance. Furious for the second time that day Darcy stood up and paced to the side table, what could he say? He was in another man's home, at his pleasure, seeking to court his daughter. But what kind of gentlemen would he be if he allowed this kind of bullying to happen before him? Making a snap decision he turned back to Miss Mary and said in what he hoped was a light tone. "I do understand you though, Miss Mary, I think. There is a purity, truly a touch of the sacred, to music that we must all appreciate. I agree with you completely that it is that aspect that should motivate us to dedicate ourselves to the education and training required to do justice to the art of angels." Miss Mary looked up in surprise at his defense. More than surprise, she looked shocked and Fitzwilliam felt great disappointment that she had had no expectation of protection. "You consider practicing the pianoforte an act of holy worship?" Mr. Bennet said dryly. "No, I likened music to the sacred, as many have done before me. It is this feature that earns the practitioners of music so much esteem. It is not only a skill or only a way to broaden one's mind and practice self-discipline but a way to touch the souls of those who listen." "Great music, I grant you, can move people to feel something when they hear it. But only the most talented and skilled in my experience may accomplish this." "True, all the more reason to practice and study continuously." "One can practice every day of their life, but unless they have the in-born talent, they could never be genuinely accomplished in the art." Mr. Bennet argued, but maintained relaxed, with an amused air to his manner. "You are very lucky then to have two such talented daughters. They lack only the skill practice can bring and the polish of learning under a master." "Yes, father! I could learn so much if only I had the advantage of a piano master!" Mary enthused. Mr. Bennet rolled his eyes but smiled, "Yes, Mary, I am sure that you would. And I am sure that we will hire one at some point. On one fact you are all correct, Lydia and Kitty must learn better at some point." Suddenly Darcy was struck by an idea, "In the meantime, if you have no objection, my sister will arrive next week and with her is Signore Russo, her piano master. I know she would be delighted if both Miss Elizabeth and Miss Mary were to join her in her lessons. Truly delighted, in fact I believe there is one piece she would especially like to try, Joseph Haydn's Piano Trio No. 39. She owns the music sheets for it but lacks the companions required to properly practice it." Mr. Bennet's expression soured somewhat but then he shrugged. "I see no reason to balk, the music and socialization would be a fine amusement if they wish to agree. And as it is all at very little effort and no expense, yes, I will permit it. Very clever, Mr. Darcy, you have found an excuse to have my daughter come to Netherfield nearly every day, very convenient I daresay." With this comment he nodded to the group in a semblance of a bow and left, presumably to return to his office. As soon as Mr. Bennet disappeared, Miss Mary clasped her hands together in excitement. "Signore Russo! A piano master! Oh, thank you Mr. Darcy! You said you sister wishes to play something of Joseph Haydn's? I don't own his Piano Trio but I think I have one of his sonatas, I shall go find it!" With this Miss Mary stood, gave him a quick curtsy and rushed from the room. Fitzwilliam watched as Miss Mary disappeared, pleased that he could bring the quiet girl so much happiness. He turned back to Elizabeth, and saw her beloved smile shining brightly at him. How could such a simple thing bring him such joy and contentment? Quickly he returned to the settee and sat beside her. "I hope I did not overstep?" "No, father was not offended, he is only ornery sometimes." Elizabeth paused and glanced down, her next words almost a whisper, "I do wish he was kinder to Mary. Of Lydia and Kitty, he is probably right, no amount of piano lessons would drive some sense into their heads, but Mary is only a little… stiff and perhaps awkward because of it. She is not unintelligent, and I think understands father's barbs more than he realizes." Silently Fitzwilliam disagreed, even the most silly of people did benefit from discipline and structure, but he was not willing to fight that battle at the moment. Besides, Elizabeth did know her sisters better than he did. "Nevertheless," She said, "I can only be satisfied in this instance with the outcome of the conversation. I will be very pleased not only at the furthering of my musical education but at the chance to spend time with Miss Georgiana. We had a very pleasant time in London and I look forward to getting to know her better. I am also very grateful on behalf of Mary, I know this will mean a lot to her! You were very gallant to offer this to her." "It is my pleasure, Miss Elizabeth," Darcy returned with sincerity. Elizabeth laughed and then looking teasingly into his eyes she said, "So my father's insinuation. Was he correct? Is it your scheme to lure me to Netherfield with promises of masters and friendship, only to pounce when I arrive?" "A very tempting thought indeed, but I acted for the benefit of you, your sister and mine as my first and foremost priority." "Hmmm, you did not actually deny the accused intention, only mitigate it. But I suppose I shall have to trust you to behave as a gentleman." She smiled up at him in such a way that he very nearly kissed her right there in the parlor with both her sister and his friend just feet away. Perhaps now would be a good time for another walk? Just as Darcy was about to suggest it, Mrs. Bennet, Miss Lydia and Miss Kitty burst into the room in a fair chaos of conversation, flutterings and color. They interrupted both private conversations and greeted everyone with excited exclamations. All three women seemed to be bursting with news and gossip, such that they often interrupted each other to finish the other's stories. But they were all smiling and happy and Darcy found that as disappointed as he was not to have more private time with Elizabeth, he could not mind the joyful energy of the friendly women around him. . . . . . . . . . . . . . Later that night Elizabeth readied herself for bed with a swirling mind. Despite a few uncomfortable moments she had had a wonderful day with Mr. Darcy. A day that had ended with a brief stroll after dinner, and another kiss. The kiss had been brief and chaste but Elizabeth thought her heart was still pounding from its affects. She felt almost dizzy as she remembered being caught up in his arms and his lips pressing against hers. "Jane, how did you know you loved Mr. Bingley?" "Oh, Lizzy, are you asking because you think you are in love with Mr. Darcy?" Jane asked with excitement. Elizabeth sighed and stroked her brush through her curls. "I don't know how I feel, that's why I asked you." "My feelings will not shed light on yours, dear sister. I think I love differently than you and for different reasons. But let us start with the most basic of questions, do you admire him, respect him as a person?" "Yes, I believe I must. He is- He is kind. And thoughtful, careful and determined. I have seen how treats his friends, his family and even our family and it is admirable." "And the business with Lt. Wickham?" "I have put it from my mind for now. I have not a chance to speak with him about it, it seems each time we are alone there is something we need to speak of right away. I feel a little guilty about that in the back of my conscience, but I feel confident that there must be a reasonable explanation. It is just too far from his character to be the whole story." "If you remember sister, that was always my thought." "And I guess I should have listened to you. I will speak to him of that tomorrow so that it can be cleared from my mind entirely, but I shall give it no more thought tonight." "I think that is wise. All right, the next consideration is whether you like how he treats you, how you relate and whether you could be friends if nothing else." This question caused Elizabeth to pause for a moment but then she nodded. "Yes, I think that we could be friends, as long as he didn't completely shut me out like he did this fall. We can talk. We have a great time talking actually, I've never held such long, serious conversations with a man other than father, but if I could imagine him a woman then I think we would be friends." "Then you are happy when you are with him?" "I am, I feel amazing when I am with him. One aspect of our relationship is that he treats me like an equal, or at least a reasonable person. When we disagree on something he explains his position without demanding I change mine." "That would be a very important consideration for you. You can be quite stubborn when you think you are in the right." "I cannot deny that to you, Jane, for you have the most experience with that aspect of my nature I am sure." Both sisters chuckled and, finishing their ablutions, climbed into bed. Jane blew out the candle and for a moment they lay silently in the darkness and then Jane whispered hesitantly, "And- and how does he make you feel in a… in a physical sense?" Even in the darkness Elizabeth could feel her blush rising. The sisters spoke about everything but this, never this. Any topic even approaching sexuality was prohibited to the strictest degree socially. But Elizabeth still knew about the idea. She knew, at least in a vague way what happened between a man and a woman. She had read novels after all. But to actually speak of it? Elizabeth struggled with her strongly ingrained propriety for a moment and then whispered. "I- I do like him. I- I suddenly understand what the heroines of my novels mean when they wax poetic about fluttering hearts and excited breath. Jane- he… he kissed me and I let him… and I admit I liked it very much." More silence filled the darkened room and Elizabeth felt tense and uncomfortable, worried about her sister's reaction. After several moments Jane quietly admitted, "Charles has kissed me too. Several times… the kisses have become, well, rather passionate a few times. Our mother has told me to expect much more. We are engaged and will marry in less than six weeks, and I- I see no harm in it…. To be honest, I don't think I could stop even if I wanted to. Every time I'm alone with him I feel like I'm desperate to be touched by him." "Jane," Elizabeth whispered, shocked at her sister's words. "you mean you would- that you and Mr. Bingley…" "Lizzy it might not be much spoken of but surely you know that most first-born children are born 'early'." "Maybe for common folk but…" "Have you never done the math on our parent's wedding date and my birthday?" Again, Elizabeth was shocked into silence. She never had done the math before but now that Jane mentioned it, the dates were a bit suspicious. "I do not want to think about that at all!" Jane giggled into her pillow. "it wasn't a very pleasant realization for me either. Nevertheless, perhaps perfect morality is important for those of the peerage but for us unimportant country people… in any case, all Charles and I have done is kiss." She said with a defensive note in her voice. "No, I'm sorry Jane, I meant no condemnation, I was only surprised." "Well, I am in love. What did you think? Anyway, we were speaking about you. We have established that you respect him, you like him, you enjoy your time with him and- and that you enjoy his kisses. That sounds like love to me." That did sound like love, why could she not fully feel it? "I think I am starting to love him. That I am on the path and in a few more steps I should be quite silly with it. But right now, it still feels too new, it was still less than two weeks since I thought we hated each other." "Just give yourself a little more time, Lizzy, and permission. I think you are still holding yourself back slightly, open your mind and heart to him." Elizabeth murmured that she would and turned over to sleep. Throughout the rest of the night she dreamed of Mr. Darcy and his kisses.
Dear readers, I apologize for being gone for so long. I'm sure that Mutual Pride seemed abandoned. The truth was that it was on my mind nearly every day, but I could not write. At first, I was only a little burnt out and discouraged so I took a small break. During that small break I unfortunately read and watched a lot of media very different to Austen-sque stories and when I came back to write found that I had completely lost my 'tone' everything I wrote sounded painfully 21st century and that I had no inspiration. In any case, I feel really bad for my abandoned 'baby' and intend to finish it. I mean to finish out their courtship, get them engaged and married and maybe do some after marriage stuff too. So we've still got a lot left! I hope that you are all still with me despite the time away and that you like my new chapter! Thank you for reading 3 . . . . Chapter 16 The next morning Elizabeth was up early as usual and slipped out for her morning jaunt. Her dreams and conversation with Jane had exhausted her mind. The dreams had been almost feverish, not bad or unpleasant but almost obsessive to the point that she hadn't slept well at all. Several times throughout the night she had awoken fully and reprimanded herself, then laid back down and sang songs in her mind until she fell asleep. But as soon as her unconscious mind took over he would be there again. She wasn't mad, but she was… something. As soon as she was out of sight of any windows she broke into a run. She usually refrained from running as it would shock anyone who caught a glimpse, but she needed it this morning. With determination bordering on desperation Elizabeth ran and ran until every muscle ached and her chest burned. Gasping, she sank down on to a stump nearby and caught her breath. As her mental acuity came back Elizabeth felt the early morning sun on her face and lifted her chin to enjoy it. Slowly she became aware of her surroundings and her mood lifting. Suddenly the green around her was beautiful; she noticed the birdsong and the light breeze. Near her foot she saw a lovely wood anemone blooming in the dappled sunshine. Smiling, Elizabeth stood up and started slowly walking back. Though never truly forgotten, her thoughts on Mr. Darcy stayed in the back of her mind as she sang to herself, gathered wildflowers and took her time considering other things. She realized that she hadn't visited her Aunt Philips since she had been back. Indeed, she had rather neglected her neighbors, friends and correspondence lately. "I should not let him take over my life this way!" she said to the daisy in her hand. With this determination in mind she spent the rest of her walk mentally writing her letters and making herself a list of social and mental tasks to attend to. Because of her run Elizabeth had gone much further than her habitual route and thus was late to the breakfast table. Her mother spent several minutes alternating between reprimanding her, talking of her to the rest of the family and telling her to hurry up because 'the men' might be here any moment! Elizabeth had barely eaten half her fill when her mother's patience came to an end and Elizabeth was herded upstairs to change and fix her hair. The path had not been muddy at all but Mrs. Bennet insisted that her skirt was covered with it. As she changed Elizabeth was reminded of Mr. Darcy's words and behavior towards her family. In a nutshell, his perspective seemed to be that their manners, funny or frustrating should be overlooked in favor of their actions. While her father was witty and smart, his actions were not to the benefit of the family. Indeed, breakfast was a good example of this. While Elizabeth enjoyed and appreciated that he did not ask her of her whereabouts nor caution her on the inelegance of her habits, strictly speaking, he should have. Or, if he had very much decided to allow the lapse in socially correct behavior then he should have expressed that to his wife and ended the tirade. Alternatively, her mother had frustrated Elizabeth with the way she had expressed her concerns. However, she had been trying to remind Elizabeth of the social inappropriateness of walking alone in the forest, also, somewhat worried for her safety and of Elizabeth appearing in a bad light before her perspective husband. Elizabeth was a little alarmed at herself at the thought that in a sense, her mother was more appropriate that her father. Presentable and ladylike again, Elizabeth left her room and started down the stairs. Midway down she realized she heard men's voices in the sitting room. Despite all her determination her heart leapt with excitement and her feet quickened. Just before she entered the room however, she realized that it was not her Darcy's voice at all, nor even Mr. Bingley's. She slowed to a stop to get the disappointed expression off her face and enter with poise. She stepped quietly into the doorway and saw all her sisters and mother laughing with three officers. They were spoken of together so often her father had taken to calling them the triplets, Mr. Denny, Cap. Carter and Lt. Wickham. Elizabeth was not immediately noticed as she came around the corner as everyone was immersed amusing conversation. She opened her mouth to politely greet the room when she saw Lt. Wickham turn slightly away from the rest of the group, catch Lydia's eye and boldly wink at her. Lydia only giggled and no one else noticed but Elizabeth was surprised. She hadn't known anything of a growing attachment between the two. Lydia only spoke of him in her usual way of admiring his looks but there hadn't seemed to be any coquettishness that Elizabeth would have expected of an actual attachment. Elizabeth didn't know how she should feel if there was something growing between the two either. After all, Lt. Wickham had been very clear that he would have to marry for logical reasons, not romantic ones. And Lydia was too young to have serious designs on anyway. But she was overthinking it; perhaps it was only meant to be a light flirtation. Still, it was very bold to be meaningless. Just then her thoughts were interrupted by her mother noticing Elizabeth hesitating in the door way and calling her over. "Elizabeth! Come sit next to me, darling for I have missed you so while you were gone! Elizabeth has been in London you see, and she has come home with a beau! Well, I'm sure you've heard all about it actually, for it-" Elizabeth stopped attending to what her mother was saying and served herself a cup of tea. While she was pouring, Mr. Denny approached and asked for a refill and the two chatted amiably for a moment or two before he returned to his conversation with Kitty. Elizabeth looked for a place to settle herself but before she was successful Lt. Wickham drew near, bowed eagerly and grinned at her. Elizabeth was suddenly, inexplicably, uncomfortable. Wasn't he a little too close for politeness sake? Quickly, she pushed the feeling aside with the reminder that she really liked her friend Lt. Wickham and had very much missed their conversations. She smiled and curtsied back. "Miss Elizabeth, how wonderful to see you again! For I have very much missed our conversations!" His manner and tone were so friendly and open, that Elizabeth was immediately comfortable again. The perfect words to set me at ease! she thought with relief. She gave a little laugh to vent her feelings and said "indeed, I have as well! How has the spring been for you?" Wickham gave a small self-deprecating smile and said, "I know I ought to be grateful for all that I have but I admit to some lingering sadness as to how my… well I'm sure you've heard how Miss King has gone… out of my reach so to speak. That is, unless I desert the militia!" he said and laughed at his own joke. Elizabeth felt a rush of sympathy for him that his heart had been injured and then suddenly remember the wink she had witnessed from him only a moment ago. The image muted her next words and she hesitated, unsure of what to say. Why would he wink at Lydia of all people if he was still brokenhearted? The best she could do in her confusion was a vague nod. Wickham seemed to notice her confusion and changed the subject. Instead he told her an amusing story a new drill that the officers were doing in the camp and the mistakes that had occurred before the drill was learned well by the camp. As always, he spoke well and was the personification of charming and engaging. Indeed, Lt. Wickham was so agreeable that any topic, no matter how dull or common-place was rendered interesting by his conversational skill. Elizabeth enjoyed his story, laughing and listening with rapt attention and when asked of her time in London she told him of some of the antics of her nieces and nephew. She told it well and he laughed freely. Elizabeth was about to ask him another question about his spring when he gestured to the chaise lounge near them, in suggestion that they should sit. Elizabeth agreed and sat on the side near the matching chair, as she assumed he would sit in it. Instead he sat next to her on the chaise lounge. She was surprised, for though she supposed he had often sat next to her before, her situation had somewhat changed. After all, she was now in a courtship with a different man, it was not quite correct for him to sit so close to her. She scooted a little away, but he didn't pick up on the hint which surprised her as he was usually quick to pick up on social cues. She could hardly get up and move to a different seat, could she? No, that would be rude. No, it was better to just remain. After all, they were in her parent's sitting room and were well known to be good friends, there could be no inappropriateness, or at least Elizabeth hoped so. Her slight discomfort took her out of the lighthearted mood the two had created moments before and she was taken aback all the more when Wickham leaned even closer to her and said in a low tone, "I have heard the news of courtship. As we are such good friends, I don't mind admitting that I was very surprised." Elizabeth was not sure how to respond. How could she explain the change in her understanding of Mr. Darcy's character? Any descriptions would necessarily include private moments between them and Elizabeth found herself feeling protective of those moments. She took a sip of her tea to stall the conversation. While she didn't want to confide any personal feelings to Lt. Wickham, neither did she want him to get the wrong idea and think her avaricious! Also, she almost felt like she owed him an explanation, as they had confided so often before of their mutual dislike for Mr. Darcy. Elizabeth felt her face warm slightly at the memory of the conversations they'd shared about Mr. Darcy previously. How she wished she hadn't been so open before! "I understand that a lot of romances surprise one's acquaintances," Elizabeth said with a little laugh. "But as you said once, Mr. Darcy can please those he wishes to." "Indeed, he can! I once loved him as a brother, so I know well how pleasing he can be. And I suppose I should not feel surprise. We, both of us, as have said before that we must be logical in our romantic choices." Again, Elizabeth did not know what to say and her discomfort grew. There was a truth in what he said and an implied warning she could not like. She had mostly accepted his courtship offer out of pragmatic considerations but now that thought made her feel small and dirty. Also, he had implied that Mr. Darcy's loyalty and affection could be fleeting and could indeed be turned around entirely. When she did not answer Wickham gave her a small sympathetic smile and glancing out the window added quietly, "I only wonder what his motivation could be?" Elizabeth stood abruptly. "I hope you will forgive me sir, but I feel I must go sit with my mother. She called for me when I first entered and I'm afraid I quite forgot! Excuse me." Lt. Wickham looked surprised but before he could object Elizabeth turned and, picking up her embroidery, sat next to her mother. Mrs. Bennet was currently excitedly engaged in conversation and took little notice of Elizabeth's presence, a fact she was very grateful for. The conversations swirled around her and Elizabeth looked up and smiled when appropriate but could not force herself to concentrate on anything but her own thoughts. What had just happened? She asked herself the question over and over again, struggling to understand her own emotions. She liked Lt. Wickham! She always had. He was kind, charming and attentive to her. They had always had pleasant times together and had related well as friends. And even this morning, he had been as he always was, interesting and interested in her. He had smiled and sympathized at her difficulties. Could it be that she simply could not like the painful truth of his comments? Suddenly her agitation caused her to prick her finger with the needle and jerked with the slight pain. "Are you alright, Miss Elizabeth?" asked Capt. Carter, who happened to notice. Mrs. Bennet turned to see her inspecting her finger. "Oh, Lizzy! If I have told you once I've told you a thousand times to be more careful! Well, that's what happens I suppose from not taking the time to practice as you ought," she said in a philosophical tone and then turned to resume her conversation. Before she could continue however, Captain Carter expressed his and his fellows unfortunate need to return to camp. It had been well over the polite twenty-minute call and Elizabeth was glad to see them go. Bows, curtseys and farewells were given all around and the officers left. The rest of the Bennet women resettled to go over all they had said and heard amongst themselves, while Elizabeth returned to her embroidery and thoughts. She took a deep breath and determined to think through the morning's interactions with Lt. Wickham logically and calmly. As she thought over the various comments and moments of the exchange she was reminded of the many times she felt uncomfortable and put-off by him. What of his wink at Lydia? If he was interested in Lydia, why did he engage Elizabeth so long in conversation? Also, why did he claim to be broken hearted over Miss King's desertion? Indeed, he had implied to her the previous winter that he was only pursuing Miss King out of… what did he call it? Logic? Yes, even this morning he had mentioned his supposed need to choose pragmatically yet had also claimed to be broken hearted. Perhaps he was only trying to understand her extreme change in attitude. After all, the first thing they had bonded over was their mutual dislike for Mr. Darcy. He must be feeling confused and hurt but her apparent betrayal of their agreed feelings. After all he had been so poorly used by Mr. Darcy. Elizabeth stilled for a moment as a feeling of dread washed over her. It was certain that Lt. Wickham been treated poorly, was it not? It had been so long since she had accepted that as fact, but suddenly the thought made her uneasy. How many times had others cautioned her against believing his story wholeheartedly? She knew Jane had several times, her Aunt Gardener had and even her father had mocked his dramatic and free retellings of his troubles. And it had been odd, Elizabeth admitted, how he had revealed such personal details to a near stranger, and at a gaming table no less! And to try and apply the misdeeds Wickham had told her of to the Mr. Darcy that she had come to know was nearly impossible. Mr. Darcy was above all things fair. While she did not forget the terrible manners of the winter before, nor the pain it had caused her, she could not think of a time when she could call him unjust. But there had been simply too much to Lt. Wickham's story for him to simply make up. No, there had to be truth to it. But perhaps it was not the whole story? Many times, Jane had insisted she was sure Mr. Darcy had a good defense, but Elizabeth had always ignored her. There were too many encounters to examine every one of them and Elizabeth began to be weary of her swirling thoughts. Just as Elizabeth was about to relieve her frustration with a turn in the garden, a servant came in with two letters. The letters were addressed to Elizabeth and Jane from the men of Netherfield and were exclaimed much over by their mother. Elizabeth quietly took hers and felt relief when she did. She wasn't sure why but even just a letter from him made her feel happier. Elizabeth held hers tightly in case her mother snatched it (as was the unfortunate habit of that lady) and opened it. "Dear Miss Elizabeth, As I mentioned yesterday, my sister arrives today to Netherfield. I had hoped that she would make good time and be here early enough that we might pay a call to you this afternoon. However, a rider has come to inform me of a small issue that caused her to set out late and I now do not expect her until almost dinner time. I apologize, I will not be able to attend you at all today it seems. I find the idea of not seeing to you today very unfortunate indeed. Accompanying this note is Bingley and his sister's invitation for Miss Bennet, yourself and Miss Mary to join us for dinner. I can only hope that no special plans prevent you from accepting and that I shall see you soon. Yours always, Fitzwilliam Darcy" "Mary? Why would Mary go?" Her mother's surprised question broke the momentary silence and Elizabeth saw her leaning over Jane's shoulder to read the invitation. "Mary and I are going to take lessons with Miss Darcy and her master. Mr. Darcy offered and father has already given us permission." Mrs. Bennet stared at Elizabeth and blinked slowly but then finally smiled and congratulated Elizabeth on her 'cleverness' of finding a way into Netherfield nearly every day. Elizabeth moved next to Jane. "Well, what do you think, Jane, shall we go?" "Of course, you must!" shrilled their mother. "Go and make what you can of it! I shall have to go inform the cook to expect three less for dinner. Both of you go quickly to get dressed!" Mrs. Bennet bustled out the door and Elizabeth turned back to Jane and raised and eyebrow. Jane smiled and her and stood up, "Yes, Lizzy, let us get dressed for I should like see Charles today and dinner sounds very pleasant. Do you agree?" "That you want to see Mr. Bingley? Yes, of course I do," Elizabeth said saucily but stood up with her. Giggling, the sisters went to find Mary. Mary was surprisingly eager, for she usually disliked these kinds of invitations. But Elizabeth supposed the temptation of the piano teacher was the motivation for the change of opinion and was happy that something excited Mary that much. The three women changed into nice but simple morning dresses and packed a dinner ensemble as well. The invitation had mentioned tea as well, so the women left as soon as all was readied. Their father was able to lend them the carriage and as they settled into it, Elizabeth found herself very excited to see Mr. Darcy again despite talking with him only yesterday. Just as the carriage started moving however, Elizabeth suddenly remembered her confusion over Lt. Wickham. Should she ask Mr. Darcy about him and their history together? She had thought that she should but now her cheeks burned at the thought of it. What could I say? she wondered. How to I relate that inappropriate conversation with Mr. Darcy, tell him all the times that Lt. Wickham and I gossiped about him? How could I let him know how ill I thought of him? And how much I liked Lt. Wickham, whom he so obviously dislikes! I do not even know myself how to feel about Mr. Wickham, how can I bring him up? No, at least until I straighten out my thoughts I will not say anything. Elizabeth hesitated for a second then said quietly. "Jane? Mary? I do not mean to be sly, but I would wish that neither of you mention Mr. Wickham while we are in Netherfield. I still do not know what happened there and don't want to make anyone uncomfortable." Her sisters both agreed calmly, neither having any interest in conversation about Lt. Wickham anyway. Only a few moments more passed, and the carriage pulled up before Netherfield. Elizabeth peeked out and saw both men standing at the top of the stairs awaiting them. As the carriage came to a stop Mr. Bingley bounded down the stairs with Mr. Darcy following at a more reserved pace. After Mr. Bingley helped Jane out of the carriage, Elizabeth took Mr. Darcy's hand and smiled up at him as she stepped out. "Thank you," she said and then waited as he helped Mary out as well. That completed, Mr. Darcy smiled and bowed to both of them. "Thank you for accepting the invitation I know that Georgiana is most eager to spend more time with you Miss Elizabeth, and to meet you, Miss Mary." Elizabeth and Mary both returned his greeting. Gallantly, he offered them both his arms and together they followed Mr. Bingley and Jane into Netherfield. As they entered the sitting room Miss Bingley stood and gave them a small curtsey. Again, the proper greetings were made, after which Miss Bingley took up her needle work and immediately ignored all of them. Jane sat down next to her and attempted to include Miss Bingley in her and Mr. Bingley's conversation. Elizabeth smiled up at Mr. Darcy and he returned it. Elizabeth was surprised at how much her mood had lifted at the sight of him and indeed continued to rise. "We have a few minutes before tea is served. Can I show you ladies the music room in which your lessons will be?" Mr. Darcy asked. Elizabeth saw that his suggestion excited Mary and so happily accepted. As Mr. Darcy turned to lead them out of the sitting room Elizabeth realized with some embarrassment that she was still holding his arm. At some point Mary had released Mr. Darcy's arm and stepped away but Elizabeth had not thought to do so. Gently she tried to slip her hand away from him, but it was immediately clasped by his other hand, gently squeezed and resettled by his elbow. Elizabeth blushed and fervently hoped that Mary, walking only a few feet behind them, hadn't noticed. Despite her embarrassment however, she acquiesced to his silent request and kept her hand where it was. She found that in spite of her fear of her little sister catching the warm exchange, Elizabeth had liked the affection the gesture had expressed. Mr. Darcy made some small comment about a passing painting and Mary responded politely. As they ascended the stairs Mary complimented the carpeting and Mr. Darcy informed her that it had been Miss Bingley's choice. Elizabeth was still too embarrassed to carry the conversation and unfortunately Mr. Darcy and Mary were both of a naturally awkward disposition, so the rest of the short walk was silent. Thankfully they soon reached the room and as they entered Elizabeth realized she had never seen it before, as her previous stay at Netherfield had been rather uncomfortable and she had not felt the freedom to explore. It was a surprisingly charming room, with two large windows over looking the formal gardens and decorated with cheerful pinks and yellows. A covered harp and an elegant pianoforte stood before the windows and on either side were places to sit. On one end was a fireplace with armchairs and a settee that were arranged to face both the fire and the piano. On the other end of the room was a bookshelf and a small table with a chess board set up. As the small group entered the room Elizabeth released Mr. Darcy's arm and with Mary hurried over to the beautiful piano. The piano was white with gold accents and the floral scroll works on the sides were enchanting in rich yellows, burnt oranges and deep reds. While usually Miss Bingley's glamorous style was too much for Elizabeth's tastes, in this case she loved it. It perfectly matched and accentuated the rest of the room. She gently ran a hand over the keyboard cover in an affectionate gesture, pleased that she would be taking lessons on such a beautiful instrument. Mary immediately sat in on the bench and lifted the cover. Elizabeth cast a scolding glance her way and Mary paused, then turning her head, politely asked Mr. Darcy if she could try playing it. At Mr. Darcy's invitation Mary turned back and gently began a simple melody she knew well. Mary's playing was actually quite good, better in some ways then Elizabeth's. But she often picked songs outside of her skill level when trying to impress people, causing mistakes and embarrassment. However, currently she played Bagatelle in D Major, which she knew well and loved to play, and these traits allowed her performance to be very pleasing indeed. Elizabeth moved to the windows and looked down on the gardens, enjoying the music. After a short moment, Mr. Darcy joined her and for several moments they stood, not touching or even looking at each other but feeling very close as they absorbed the beautiful view and romantic song together. When the song came to an end, Mary immediately started another and Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy smiled at each other. He motioned to the seats by the fire. Together they moved to sit down but when Elizabeth stepped toward the closest settee she felt his fingers gently touch the small of her back, guiding her to the other settee closer to the fire. As they settled into the rather stiff, ornate couch Elizabeth found that while she didn't have to turn her head much to see Mary, she was more directly facing the fire. Moreover, Mary would have to crane her head quite a bit and would still only see the back and arms of the couch. Questioningly, Elizabeth glanced up at Mr. Darcy who winked at her and calmly took her hand in his. Elizabeth had to stifle a gasp at his boldness. For a moment she considered pulling her hand away. It would be more proper to do so, but then she felt his thumb lightly brush the back of her hand and such considerations were forgotten. His hand enveloped hers easily, feeling strong and somehow very secure. Occasionally, his thumb would stroke the back of her hand or fingers, the gesture felt mindless but still loving and Elizabeth's pulse would not stop rushing at the sensation. Elizabeth suddenly realized he had said something to her when he tilted his head and looked at her inquiringly. She felt herself flush and quietly asked him to repeat himself. "I only asked how your morning had been, I hope that you suffered no ill effects from my aunt's visit yesterday?" he said in a quiet tone so as not to disturb Mary's playing. Elizabeth gave a little laugh. "I have actually have not thought of it all morning! I think her ladyship would be disappointed by how little she affected me." Mr. Darcy's dimples flashed, and his hand moved to interlace his fingers with hers. "She would indeed, she would be horrified by how little consequence her anger received. However, I am proud of your strength of will." "Thank you. And what of your morning? I hope that whatever delayed Miss Darcy's departure was not too serious?" "No indeed, I believe she is well enough." He looked like he would continue but then left off at that. Elizabeth decided that it wasn't her business if he didn't want to explain and smiled her understanding. "Of the rest of my morning, I was quite busy with Bingley sorting out estate matters. It is his first spring as the master of an estate and there is much to do. I believe that we had a couple of callers, but Miss Bingley entertained them for we could not be distracted if we wanted to spend the afternoon entertaining our own guests." "How very considerate of you." Elizabeth smirked and then hesitated. This would the natural moment to bring up the callers from her morning, but she still did not want to introduce the subject of Lt. Wickham. For some reason she felt embarrassed by the topic. She could not escape the new feeling that there was something off about Lt. Wickham and it left her feeling uncomfortable. The day before however, Mrs. Long had visited and carried with her an amusing story. It was only the smallest fib to make it seem like the visit had been that morning and Elizabeth retold the tale with flair and humor that had him smiling and laughing. In fact, throughout the whole story Mr. Darcy kept Elizabeth quite distracted by never looking away from her. For some reason his direct eye contact and easy smiles were hard to bear but Elizabeth's courage happily rose to the occasion. Mary's piano piece ended just as Elizabeth was finishing her story and Elizabeth glanced over and caught Mary watching them. Though Mary's gaze was more curious then judgmental Elizabeth was still embarrassed and gently extricated her hand from Mr. Darcy's grip and suggested that it was probably almost tea time now. "Oh, Lizzy there is one more piece I would love to play. Can I not do so? You two don't have to wait for me if you would rather not. I know my way back." Elizabeth was about to agree to wait but Mr. Darcy suddenly stood and said, "I would not wish to cease your enjoyment and thus I encourage you to play all that you wish to. However, I feel I ought to return to downstairs. Miss Elizabeth, will you join me?" She considered for a second refusing him, for she had not gotten a turn to play after all, but quickly dismissed the idea. She would rather walk with him. Elizabeth accepted his offered hand and stood up. "Yes, I think I should rejoin Jane. Mary, you enjoy yourself." They exited the room and started to make their way downstairs. As they descended, a maid came out of one of the rooms below and Elizabeth caught a glimpse of the room's interior. "Is that not the billiards room?" Mr. Darcy looked at her curiously. "It is." Elizabeth did not respond but smiled and looked away. "Why do you ask?" "No reason. I just- I suddenly remembered accidentally coming upon you playing in there when I came to Netherfield last fall," Elizabeth said, still looking away, as she descended the last step. "Oh yes, I remember. You left without saying a word." "That's quite a statement from you, sir! You, who so often chose not to speak to me at all for large spans of time. Besides, I didn't know what to say. I was embarrassed." "Why were you embarrassed?" "Because- because you were in your shirt sleeves!" Mr. Darcy stopped, causing her to look up at him. His face was lit with amusement and he said, "I was perfectly appropriately dressed for being at home." "Yes, but I was not expecting it and you looked so…" "I looked how?" Elizabeth blushed but admitted, "Handsome. You looked very handsome." "I thought that you hated me then." "I did not hate you. But actually, that's probably why I was so embarrassed. You see, it was very awkward for me to dislike you and find you so attractive at the same time." Mr. Darcy grinned and caught her hand, bringing it to his lips. "That must have been very hard on you." He looked entirely too pleased with himself and Elizabeth tried to glare sternly. "It was difficult. Thank you for your concern." With this she turned and tried to flounce away but was immediately caught. Before she could say a word, Mr. Darcy pulled her into the billiard room and closed the door behind them. "Mr. Darcy!" Elizabeth meant to exclaim but it came out as more of a whisper. He still held her hand and then he caught hold of the other and with a tug, pulled her close to him. "I am sorry for your frustration. However, I admit I cannot relate. You see, I always found you admirable and perfectly beautiful," he whispered back, "loveliest Elizabeth." Before she could take another breath, Mr. Darcy leaned down pressed his lips against hers. Once, twice and then he stepped forward, angled his head and kissed her again. For a few seconds Elizabeth was lost in the sensation. His lips felt so soft and perfect on her own. But then she suddenly came to herself and stepped back. "Mr. Darcy! We- You cannot- It's…" Elizabeth struggled to find the words to reprimand him, but her thoughts were still spinning from the kiss. Mr. Darcy still looked very pleased with himself but opened the door and led her back out into the hallway nonetheless. Elizabeth wasn't sure where to look or what to say but she couldn't resist a smile. While not proper at all, him pulling her into room to steal a kiss was very dashing and who would have thought, Mr. Darcy, dashing! "Miss Elizabeth?" She looked up and saw his roguish grin had vanished and had been replaced by a look of concern. "Should I apologize?" Should he? thought Elizabeth. Well, yes, he should but do I want him to? Elizabeth found she did not and so with an embarrassed smile she shook her head. His dimples immediately reappeared and without needing to say another word, they rejoined others in the sitting room. If anyone noticed her flushed cheeks, they had the delicacy to not comment on it.
