Rapid Revelation DISCLAIMER: "Pride and Prejudice" will forever be beyond my reach, whether it is Ms. Austen's delightful novel or Joe Wright's 2005 film adaptation. This is merely a humble tribute. NOTE: 11-11-11 This is just another whimsical crack fic I've had on my mind for quite some time now. I have to warn you that it is extremely random. It's not going to be long, probably just a couple of chapters. I've always felt like the setting for the first proposal in the movie was exceedingly dramatic and could have easily been the setting for a bit of adventure. Thus, this idea was born, silly though it is. This is another one of those stories where a small but well-placed event could have altered the entire story. It's been a while since my last Pride and Prejudice story so I decided to take advantage of this historic date. 11-11-11! Happy reading! 0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0 "Miss Elizabeth!" The startled lady stared incredulously at the man she had been trying so hard to avoid. She had run out into the rain particularly to escape his presence and to collect her conflicting thoughts about him and yet there he was again, imposing his company on her for some incomprehensible reason. Lizzy did not know what to expect from this sudden meeting so she simply looked at him wordlessly. She had never seen him in such a state. He had always looked so calm and composed, so sure of himself. But as he stood before her, he looked agitated and uncertain. He was also completely soaked in the rain. It seemed like he had followed her directly but she could not imagine why. "I have struggled in vain and I can bear it no longer," he began breathlessly, "these past months have been a torment. I came to Rosings with the single object of seeing you, I had to see you." Lizzy listened to this strange speech in astonishment, her curiosity overcoming her dislike for the man. What was he trying to say? He paused to catch his breath and was about to continue when a loud cry interrupted their tête-à-tête. "Help!" At this, both Darcy and Elizabeth started. Being so abruptly interrupted in a speech he had been preparing for so long, Darcy was at a loss as to what to do next. For her part, Lizzy was torn between relief that the strange confrontation had been cut short and slight annoyance that she didn't get to hear what he had to say next. For a few moments, they looked at each other in puzzlement when a second cry jolted them back to their senses. "Somebody please help!" It was a pitiful cry, the voice of a child. The two strangers knew that they could no longer ignore it. After another anxious glance at Elizabeth, Darcy sighed and turned around to seek the source of the cry. Lizzy followed right behind him. After a few moments, they found a young girl crying frantically on the banks of the river right below the bridge Lizzy had just ran across. She and Darcy approached the child immediately. The girl was soaked through by the rain and she kept pointing helplessly at a part of the river, whose current was moving at a fearsome pace. "My dear child, what is the matter?" Elizabeth asked the frightened girl. The girl pointed to the river where the small figure of another child was visible. It was a little boy, splashing and sputtering as he struggled to stay afloat. Lizzy gasped but couldn't just rush to help since the current was too small. "Oh, please, please help us," the girl said tearfully, "my brother has fallen into the river but the current has carried him away and he isn't a very good swimmer. I told him not to play near the water but he wouldn't listen and he slipped on the muddy banks. Please help us; my brother is such a small child…" At this the girl could not continue because she burst into tears. Lizzy took the trembling child in her arms and tried to comfort her while thinking of a way to be of assistance. She suddenly remembered that Mr. Darcy was there with them as well. As loathe as she was to ask him for any favors, Lizzy turned to suggest he find someone who can help. To her astonishment, she saw Mr. Darcy quickly and wordlessly take off his coat and drop it unceremoniously to the ground. Before Lizzy could say anything, Darcy glanced at her briefly before addressing the young girl. "Don't worry," he said in the gentlest tone Lizzy had ever heard him use, "I'll get your brother back." And with that, the gentleman walked briskly to the riverbank, took a deep breath, and dove in. Lizzy and the sobbing girl stared at the spot where Darcy had plunged into the water. The latter was still so worried and afraid for her brother and Lizzy was still reeling from the latest of Darcy's surprising actions. The man had not ceased to baffle her in the last hour or so. And she was no longer sure of what to think of him. For those few moments, she had forgotten his involvement in the affairs of Bingley and Wickham. All she knew was that he had taken it upon himself to help a complete stranger and she could find no fault in that, even if she tried. He had disappeared into the dark depths of the river. Lizzy and the girl watched and waited in fearful suspense. It wasn't until Darcy resurfaced somewhere in the middle of the river, supporting the little boy as he floated, that the two girls realized that they had been holding their breath. "Henry, Henry!" the girl called out her brother's name in joyful tears, "Oh, thank God!" Lizzy heaved a sigh of relief. She and the girl ran quickly but carefully to the muddy riverbank and waited as Darcy struggled to swim towards them. The gentleman noticed an ancient tree whose massive roots protruded from the ground into the river. He swam towards it and grabbed a firm hold on one of the roots with one hand and with the other hand he held the boy by the collar and gently pushed the latter towards the shore. "Hush now," Lizzy whispered reassuringly to the girl, "you're brother is out of danger." "Thank God, thank God!" the girl kept on exclaiming in between tears. The two girls saw where he was heading and followed immediately. The sister walked shakily, so distressed had she been moments before and Lizzy found that she had to steady her as they rushed to the old tree. The girl also could not stop crying. Lizzy saw that the sister was in no state to do anything so Lizzy walked ahead and leaned on the tree root so that she could extend her hand to Darcy and the boy. "If you please, Miss Elizabeth," Darcy instructed her, "please take the child first." Elizabeth nodded and extended her hand to the sobbing and shivering boy. "Come here, Henry," she said warmly, "it's all right, you're safe now." The boy grabbed Lizzy's hand and with Darcy pushing him forward and Lizzy pulling him out of the water, little Henry was able to step on land once more. Lizzy could not help but give the child a quick, comforting embrace before sending him to his sister who threw her arms around him hysterically. "Thank you," the girl said earnestly, addressing Lizzy and Darcy, who was still in the water, "thank you so much." Lizzy smiled at her quickly before turning to help Darcy out of the water. He was still holding on to the tree root. "Mr. Darcy," she said simply, reaching out her hand to him. She was more confused than ever. Her previous objections to his character seemed to have been overruled by this development. She was full of admiration for his undeniable heroism that she wasn't quite sure of what to say. Was he determined to be a constant enigma to her? "Thank you, Miss Elizabeth," he said with a smile, extending his hand. But just when their hands were mere inches apart, the root Darcy had been leaning on suddenly gave way. And before he could grab hold of anything else, Darcy felt himself being carried off by the force of the current. Elizabeth stared in horror as the river conveyed the man farther and farther away. And at that moment, for some reason she could not explain, Elizabeth Bennet was more worried and afraid than she had ever been in her entire life. "Mr. Darcy!"
Rapid Revelation DISCLAIMER: "Pride and Prejudice" will forever be beyond my reach, whether it is Ms. Austen's delightful novel or Joe Wright's 2005 film adaptation. This is merely a humble tribute. NOTE: Happy Valentine's Day! Here is the next chapter of what was supposed to be a one-shot. I'm so sorry for the delay. I've been extremely busy but I made time to write and I decided to post this on this occasion because it seemed appropriate. A lot of Lizzie's thoughts here reflect most of those in the book although at a different pace. In my original plan, the story ends here. But if any of you are interested, I will try and come up with a way to continue it. Please just let me know what you think by leaving a review. Thank you and I hope you enjoy this chapter. 0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0 There was only one thing that was clear to Elizabeth in the tumult of her thoughts and feelings at the moment and that was that she did not want Mr. Darcy to die. This was the main idea, followed by a number of muddled motives and incoherent justifications ranging from a general concern for the welfare of another human being to more partial inclinations. Her mind was reeling from the bombardment of thoughts and memories while she ran through the muddy river bank, keeping her eyes on the tempestuous water, praying for a sign that Darcy had not met a watery end. As the storm raged around her and her feelings raged within her, it was a miracle she managed to see straight ahead of her in the rain. In those few agonizing moments of uncertainty, the whole of her acquaintance with Darcy filled her mind. And the more she looked back on their previous encounters, the more she found that not every memory was unpleasant. She had always tried her best to despise him but she now saw that she had never succeeded in doing so. Even though she had always focused on his faults, she had to admit that he still had his virtues. And when she recalled what he had done that led to this difficult predicament, she realized that she may have been mistaken about him from the very beginning. If he was truly as bad as she had wanted to believe, he would not have been capable of selflessly throwing himself into danger to save an innocent child. He had not even hesitated to consider social position, rules of propriety or even personal safety. He had seen a person in need and had immediately come to their aid. Elizabeth could not deny that he was, at least in this instance, a real hero. Seeing this new and unexpected side to him threw her into great confusion. What was she to think of him now? Everything she had believed or convinced herself to believe about him had been overturned by this revelation of his character. He had a kind heart, she realized, and wondered that she had never noticed this before, she who had been so confident in her powers of judging people's characters. The picture she had always painted of him as an arrogant, unfeeling man now began to unravel as well as her preconceived notions of someone else. For the first time, Elizabeth began to doubt Mr. Wickham, not only his description of Darcy but also his own character. Her mind was cleared of some of her illusions of the charming officer and she began to see how suspicious he had been acting. If she was wrong about Darcy, then she was wrong about Wickham as well. And the more she thought about it, the more she was convinced that Bingley would not have been able to be good friends with someone cruel and unfeeling. Elizabeth even dared to consider that Colonel Fitzwilliam's account of Darcy's interference might not be so biased after all. Maybe he had believed himself to be "saving" Bingley from an imprudent marriage and when Elizabeth recalled how her mother and sisters had acted and how this might have appeared to Darcy, she could understand how he had come to such a conclusion. Then, she recalled his behavior to her. At first they had not seen eye to eye but after their rocky first meeting at the assembly ball, his manner towards her had certainly improved. He had been aloof and taciturn but she now understood that that was in his nature and he meant no ill will. He had certainly never been hostile or insolent to her like Mr. Bingley's sisters or Lady Catherine. In fact, she now noticed, ever since her arrival in Kent, he had been making more efforts to be on friendly terms with her. He had been aware of his aunt's rudeness and had, in his own way, tried to make amends. He had even visited her in Hunsford for seemingly no reason at all. All her formerly violent feelings towards him had softened significantly and she was now mostly anxious to see that he was all right. Then she also remembered how he had approached her suddenly earlier though it now seemed ages ago. Why had he come at all? He had said a lot of strange things that she did not understand. Or maybe she simply wanted to deny the implications. What had he been about to say before they were interrupted? "Oh, Mr. Darcy," Elizabeth thought exasperatedly as she continued to search the river for any sign of him, "why must you always be a mystery to me?" She stood as close as she could to the water while holding on to the sturdiest branch of an ancient tree which she surmised would not easily be uprooted by the weight of a person. She heard the two children's voices in the distance but she could not bring herself to face them yet. They were both safe and sound while their savior remained missing. She needed to find him. "Where are you?" she muttered, her eyes scanning the wild waters, "please come back." She considered jumping in after him but after some thought she realized this would be a futile effort. He had proven to be a more competent swimmer than she was and if he could not resist the force of the water there were fewer chances that she would be able to do so. All she could do now was watch and wait in restless anxiety. Somehow the mere thought of Mr. Darcy coming to harm now pained Elizabeth in a way she could not quite explain. There was a dull ache in her chest which she could not account for. Was she guilty about thinking so ill of him before? Was she simply afraid of seeing someone she knew die? Exactly how much had her opinion of him improved in the past few minutes? She could not answer any of these and she did not try to. She simply prayed that he would emerge safely from the depths and so keep her from plunging into despair. "Mr. Darcy! Mr. Darcy!" she shouted, "Where are you?" She continued to call out, the pain in her chest growing as time passed with no sign of him in the water. "Please, please come back," she beseeched before shouting louder, "Mr. Darcy!" And with that last cry, a figure emerged from the water, sputtering and splashing but still very much alive. "Oh, thank God!" The moment Elizabeth saw him, she cried out with joy and relief and she could not suppress a smile. She could not be sure if her face was soaked by the rain or held back tears but she didn't care. He was alive and that was all that mattered. Darcy looked around him in confusion as he struggled to stay afloat against the current. It had taken all of his energy to surface and now he was trying to find a way to get back on land. But the current was strong and he was growing weaker by the minute. Everything around him was blurred and it was extremely difficult to focus. "Mr. Darcy!" The sound of her voice seemed to break his trance and he turned to face the direction of the call. His eyes met hers for a moment and that was enough to invigorate him. His strength rose incredibly and he was more determined than ever to make his way back. Elizabeth did not realize what an effect she had made on him. She was simply relieved that he had continued to fight. She was further impressed by how fast he was able to swim now. She leaned forward as far as she could without letting go of the branch she was holding. She stretched out her other hand and this time, he caught it. With some effort, Elizabeth helped pull Mr. Darcy out of the water and once he was safely on the ground, she waited for him to catch his breath. After a few moments, he turned to her. "Are you all right, Mr. Darcy?" she asked in concern, "Is there anything you need?" "Thank you, Miss Elizabeth," he said earnestly, and with a smile that made her blush slightly, "I'm all right now, thanks to you." "I assure you I did nothing," she said humbly, "you are the one who has braved the storm. And you saved that child without a thought to your own safety. That was simply extraordinary." Elizabeth stopped abruptly and wondered how she was able to praise him so easily when only earlier that day she had been determined to hate him. They both stood up now and he was looking at her with such a soft expression in his eyes that Elizabeth could not bring herself to meet his gaze. "But you waited," he continued, "and that means more to me than you can possibly know." "Mr. Darcy," Elizabeth said, not knowing what else she could say, "you are too kind." "Miss Bennet," he said gravely, taking her hands in his gently. Elizabeth looked at him apprehensively, her heartbeat accelerating at an alarming rate. She now had an inkling of what he was about to say and yet she was still having difficulty believing it. And she had absolutely no idea of how she would respond. "You must allow me to tell you," he began in earnest when once again he was interrupted. "Sir! Are you all right, sir? Thank God you were able to get out!" came a concerned voice. Darcy and Elizabeth turned to see the young girl and her brother running towards them, the little boy carrying Mr. Darcy's discarded coat. He handed it towards his savior reverently and though Darcy was frustrated at having been interrupted again during such a crucial moment, he could not help but be touched by the gesture. Part of Elizabeth welcomed the intrusion since she was too confused about what was happening between her and Mr. Darcy. And yet another part was slightly disappointed as well. "How can we possibly thank you for saving my brother's life?" the girl cried eagerly, "We are eternally indebted to you, sir." "You owe me nothing," Darcy replied kindly, "I was simply doing the right thing. And seeing your brother alive and well is thanks enough for me." "Oh, but sir, please allow me to introduce you to my family," the young girl insisted, "so that they may know of the great service you have rendered for us." Then, the girl, who introduced herself as Sarah, also turned to Elizabeth. "And you too, miss, for if you had not listened to my cries for help, my poor brother would be lost," she said, taking Elizabeth's hand. "Oh, but I assure you I did nothing," Elizabeth said humbly, "all credit for your brother's rescue must go to Mr. Darcy." But the girl insisted, and little Henry began pulling Elizabeth's hand so that she found she was in no position to refuse. She through puzzled glance at Mr. Darcy, who was also being pulled by the little boy and the man simply shrugged and smiled at her in that inexplicably effective manner. They both gave up arguing with the determined children and allowed themselves to be led to the young people's home. As they made their way there, each was lost in his and her thoughts. Darcy wondered now how he would find the nerve again to propose to Elizabeth. But he was also thrilled to know that she had waited for him at the river. This and the tender looks and smiles she gave him afterwards were more encouragement than he had ever hoped for. He would simply have to find another occasion to ask her properly. For her part, Elizabeth was still struggling to reconcile her emotions with all that had just transpired. Earlier that day, she had been certain of what she thought of and how she felt about Mr. Darcy. And just when her tumultuous feelings were finally beginning to be settled, this extraordinary incident left her more confused than ever.
Rapid Revelation DISCLAIMER: "Pride and Prejudice" will forever be beyond my reach, whether it is Ms. Austen's delightful novel or Joe Wright's 2005 film adaptation. This is merely a humble tribute. NOTE: Whoa. I know it's been a very long while and I owe you an update. I apologize for the delay. I didn't have much planned after the last chapter and it's only now that the rest of the story is beginning to take shape before me. But I don't have a lot of time to spend writing. Nevertheless, I will try my best to update as soon as I can. I don't know if I will manage another chapter next month. I will try. But I can assure you that there will be an update in December because I plan to update most of my incomplete stories by then. That's all I can promise for now. This isn't a very exciting chapter but I hope it sets the story up sufficiently for what is to come. Hope you aren't bored and that you continue to be interested in the story. Thanks. 0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0 Darcy and Elizabeth were led to a small house in the village where the children's tearful mother stood at the door expectantly. "Mama!" cried little Henry as he ran towards her. His sister followed behind. At the sight of her two children the distraught woman gave a cry of immense relief and gathered them in her arms. "Oh, thank goodness you're both all right," the lady exclaimed, "I've been worried sick about you." "I'm sorry, mother," the little boy said earnestly but his mother quickly hushed him since she was simply grateful to see him safe and sound. "Your father has gone out to search for you," the lady explained, "but he will be back soon, I daresay, and he will be so relieved to see you." The two strangers watched the family reunion with interest. Elizabeth, in particular, avoided meeting her companion's gaze for fear of initiating another conversation she did not quite feel ready for. For the moment, she welcomed the distraction of the children's family and hoped that they would be sufficiently occupied with this until she was able to determine how she now thought and felt about Mr. Darcy. Her mind was still in quite a state of turmoil and she could not be sure of how she would act. For his part, Darcy was disappointed and yet also slightly relieved that he would not have to make his proposal at the moment. His recent actions had left him physically exhausted and he was not certain that he would be able to enact his plans properly. Besides, their main concern at the moment was the children's safety and he was ready to set aside all other selfish considerations to ensure that everything was sorted out with their family. Glancing at Elizabeth, the gentleman also noticed that she was rather confused and imposing himself on her was the last thing he intended to do. She was clearly distressed by all that had just occurred and he did not want to add to her apparent discomfiture. After a few moments of emotional reunion, the mother recollected herself and noticed that two other people had accompanied her children. She looked questioningly at her daughter and the girl promptly explained Darcy and Elizabeth's involvement in what had happened. The woman listened incredulously to her daughter's account, trying to reconcile her emotions and maintain her countenance. She approached them immediately and introduced herself properly. She longed to make their acquaintance since her son and daughter had not managed to ask the names of their saviors. "You must allow me, sir, madam," the mother began emotionally, "to express my utmost gratitude for what you have done for my children. Indeed, I owe you both a great debt and I do not know how I shall ever be able to repay your kindness." Once again, Elizabeth renounced any credit accorded to her and explained that truly, only Mr. Darcy had been the hero. "I assure you, madam," Elizabeth told the emotional mother, "if there is anyone who deserves all of your thanks, it is Mr. Darcy." "I pray, do not put yourself down, Miss Elizabeth," Darcy protested, "you also played a very important role in this whole affair. And if it was not for your help, I would not have been able to return safely to the shore." "I confess I did try to help," Elizabeth said timidly. "And for that I am truly grateful," Darcy told her earnestly. To avoid his gaze, Elizabeth turned to the children's mother who was staring at them incredulously. "Is something the matter, madam?" Darcy asked in concern, seeing the shock that had spread over the woman's face. "You must excuse me, sir," she said anxiously, "I did not realize that I was addressing the nephew of Lady Catherine. You must forgive me for not greeting you properly just now. I am very sorry. We are tenants of Lady Catherine and we owe our livelihood to your aunt's generosity." "Oh, that is of no consequence, there is no need to apologize," Mr. Darcy reassured the distressed lady, who continued to express her embarrassment and gratitude in a very incoherent way. The lady, who introduced herself as Mrs. Smith, tried her best to treat the two as guests of honor. She welcomed them into her family's humble abode and began to fuss and fidget over how to receive them properly. Both Darcy and Elizabeth tried to reassure the distressed lady that there was absolutely no need to stand on ceremony and that they were perfectly content to simply sit near the fire in the small drawing room and warm themselves. But Mrs. Smith could not help but be agitated when she had what she believed as such illustrious company in her humble home. She immediately ordered her daughter, Sarah, to bring towels for the guests while she struggled to prepare something hot to drink. "You must excuse our humble abode," she said repeatedly, "we are a poor family but we make the most of what little we have." She continued to apologize profusely but her guests acted very graciously. They both exhibited sincere appreciation for all her efforts and they constantly reassured her that all was well and that she need not get distressed or nervous on their account. "Oh, but this is the least I can do for the people who have saved the life of my child," Mrs. Smith told them, "and I can promise you that as soon as my husband arrives, he shall also express his gratitude." Soon, the lady grew slightly more at ease with her guests and she was able to converse with them without too much nervousness. They learned that the Smiths had long been tenants of Lady Catherine and that they were infinitely grateful to her ladyship for having provided for them all these years. Judging from the awe and humility with which Mrs. Smith acted, Elizabeth noted that perhaps Mr. Collins was not the only beneficiary of Lady Catherine who expressed such unwavering devotion and gratitude towards her. For all her haughtiness and condescension, Lady Catherine was still a greatly revered figure in her society. Elizabeth reflected that perhaps all these people were so overwhelmed by their indebtedness to Lady Catherine that they could easily overlook her ill-mannered nature. And since thinking of the aunt led to a comparison with the nephew, Elizabeth began to realize that there seemed to be a greater difference in character between the two than she had initially expected. From the latest developments of Mr. Darcy's character that she had seen earlier that day, she knew that it would be doing him an injustice to equate his behavior with that of his aunt's. Elizabeth also remembered that on certain visits to Rosings, Mr. Darcy had made some attempts to compensate for his aunt's ill manners, especially towards her. What reinforced this growing new impression of Darcy was likewise his behavior to Mrs. Smith. Elizabeth observed the gentleman carefully as he interacted with the poor woman and she noticed a pleasing change in his demeanor that she had not expected of him. Knowing how much he looked down on country folk as he did the society in Hertfordshire, Elizabeth had fully expected him to act more aloof and taciturn in the presence of someone of such humble origins as Mrs. Smith. But to Miss Bennet's surprise, Mr. Darcy exhibited a gentleness of manner that did him much credit. He was not in the least bit condescending or rude to Mrs. Smith and he seemed to be showing a genuine concern for her welfare and that of her children. Though he was not very expressive, the few words that he spoke were enough to put the older woman at ease and to lessen her fear of him and his position. "Most extraordinary," Elizabeth thought as she watched and listened to Mr. Darcy speaking to Mrs. Smith, "I would have never imagined him to be so amiable, especially in such simple company." At length, Mr. Smith arrived home and was immediately informed of all that had transpired. The children's father was a tall, tired-looking man who nevertheless had a warmth and friendliness in his manner that made him easily recommendable. Like his wife, he was initially in awe of Mr. Darcy and so expressed his gratitude in a very subdued manner. But, once more to Elizabeth's astonishment, Darcy immediately approached the man and shook his hand companionably, reassuring him that all was well. Mr. Smith was clearly surprised at such kindness from someone of Darcy's position but he quickly recovered and was able to converse with the man with greater ease and confidence. The couple continued to voice their thanks to Darcy and Elizabeth and offered them the little they had to give. Darcy gently declined and reassured them that they owed him nothing. "Seeing your boy safe and sound and seeing the relief on your faces is reward enough for me," the gentleman said in earnest, astonishing both the parents as well as Elizabeth with his generosity. To make some conversation, Darcy asked Mr. Smith politely how his work was progressing and whether Lady Catherine was treating the family well. "Oh, we have absolutely no reason to complain about Lady Catherine, I am sure," Mr. Smith declared, slightly too eagerly. "Oh, yes, of course, she has been very kind to us, very kind indeed," Mrs. Smith added quickly. But there was a hesitation in their tones that was slightly suspicious. Both Darcy and Elizabeth immediately surmised that there was something wrong and that the poor couple was just too embarrassed to admit it. "Forgive my intrusion, but something seems to be troubling you," Elizabeth ventured gently, hoping that she was not prying too much. She was genuinely concerned for them seeing that they seemed like honest and hardworking people. Husband and wife gave each other uneasy glances but neither said a word about their problems. They quickly denied that anything was wrong and they assured their guests that there was nothing to worry about. Darcy, however, took the cue from Elizabeth and once again, questioned them in a firm but not unkind way on their current state of affairs. To ease the blow, he also declared that he would do anything in his power to help them whatever the predicament may be. "That is very, very kind of you, sir, and we already owe you so much," Mrs. Smith said earnestly. "We assure you that we are perfectly content with our circumstances," Mr. Smith added, "and whatever troubles we may be facing, we shall be able to overcome. But we thank you for your offer. It was very generous, indeed." Seeing that the couple was clearly reluctant to divulge any more information, Darcy decided not to press the issue. Elizabeth decided to do so as well but she and Darcy shared a glance that said that neither of them would let this matter rest. It surprised Elizabeth how concerned Darcy was about a poor family like the Smith's but she also admired him for it. He had no reason to get involved in their plight and yet he was eager to offer his help if they needed it. Truly this was a side of him that she had never expected to see. After more calm conversation, the visitors took their leave. The parents continued to express their gratitude and wished their guests well. Darcy escorted Elizabeth back to Hunsford. But all through the walk back, the gentleman seemed very distracted and Elizabeth surmised that he was still thinking about the problems the Smiths were reluctant to admit. She was likewise bothered by what they had witnessed. "Surely, you must have noticed something amiss, Mr. Darcy," Elizabeth dared to suggest, "they seemed very worried about their livelihood, and they seemed to think their future quite uncertain." "You are absolutely right, Miss Elizabeth," Darcy agreed, speaking in a grave tone, "I have a suspicion that they may have been mistreated to some degree but they are too humble and afraid to protest. This will not do. I shall speak to my aunt about this at once." Elizabeth looked at him curiously. The serious expression on his face was one that she was familiar with but again she was surprised that he would worry so much about a family whose condition in life was well below his own. He was genuinely concerned about them and was even determined to ask his imperious aunt about the circumstances of some of her tenants. Elizabeth could understand his motives because she too felt that some injustice was being done. But she never dreamed that Mr. Darcy, of all people, would be championing the plight of the poor. "Have I been blind to his true character all this time?" she thought. And at that moment, Elizabeth felt that she was seeing Mr. Darcy for the very first time.
Rapid Revelation DISCLAIMER: "Pride and Prejudice" will forever be beyond my reach, whether it is Ms. Austen's delightful novel or Joe Wright's 2005 film adaptation. This is merely a humble tribute. NOTE: I promised an update in December and here it is, just before the year ends! I'm glad I made it and though not much happens in this, I hope it is still enjoyable. I've tried to give the other characters in the story some more interaction so this isn't focused simply on our favorite pair. The story is progressing nicely and hopefully, this is to your satisfaction. I will only add: Belated Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! 0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0 The next few days in Hunsford passed uneventfully, much to Elizabeth's dismay. There had been, as expected, a great hullabaloo at her sudden sodden arrival with Mr. Darcy and Mr. Collins had not known how to deal with such an unexpected turn of events. Detailed explanations had to be given and much was discussed. Charlotte fussed over her friend and worried about Elizabeth's health while the unfortunate Darcy was left to the profuse attentions of Mr. Collins. But as Elizabeth had noticed on their way to the parsonage, Darcy seemed preoccupied by the uncertain situation of the Smiths, so much so that he was even able to tolerate Mr. Collins' emphatic courtesies with relative serenity. At length, after simply making sure that Elizabeth was well, Mr. Darcy took his leave. "I'm afraid my aunt will be expecting me at Rosings," he said, "and I shall have to make some explanations to her as well." "Of course," Elizabeth replied, "we must not detain you any longer, sir." He made a short bow and for an instant, gave her a look that clearly expressed his reluctance to leave. But the moment passed quickly, and soon he was out the door and to her surprise, Elizabeth gave a small sigh. "Am I sorry to see him go?" she wondered at herself, but chose not to dwell on it. The afternoon's events had left her too fatigued to even pursue any complicated train of thought. She needed to rest and collect her spirits before she could sufficiently understand how she felt. Everything was so unclear and uncertain. Charlotte observed her friend carefully but did not ask any questions. Having always been a prudent and discreet woman, Mrs. Collins decided not to pry into her friend's affairs. When Lizzy was ready to speak about what was going on, Charlotte would be there to listen, and listen quite eagerly. Nevertheless, Charlotte was a very perceptive woman and there was very little that escaped her notice, especially since there was not much to notice in a small parsonage and with a husband whose ways were more predictable than the seasons. She had always had her suspicions about Mr. Darcy's interest towards her friend and seeing the way the two had acted just then confirmed some of Charlotte's theories. It was growing evident that he was quite smitten by Elizabeth, but as to how the latter felt about him was still subject to some conjecture. But after that little adventure, Charlotte surmised that Mr. Darcy seemed to have improved significantly in Elizabeth's eyes. No amount of prejudice against him could blind Elizabeth to the fact that his actions had been truly heroic, and Elizabeth was not the type of person to deny merit where it was due. She had seen firsthand the kind of selflessness and generosity he was capable of and that had done a great deal to change her formerly severe opinion of him. Seeing all this, Charlotte was extremely happy for her friend. Such a fortunate match could not have been anticipated, not even by Mrs. Bennet's overactive imagination. Nevertheless, the clergyman's wife was also aware of the difficulties her friend would have to contend with should she accept Mr. Darcy's proposal, his aunt's disapproval being a certainty. Fortunately, Elizabeth was one of the few women in the world who had the strength of character to withstand Lady Catherine's wrath. If anyone could brave the storms that would follow, it was Elizabeth Bennet. "Besides, I'm getting ahead of myself," Charlotte thought, "It is far too early to think of all these things. Lizzy herself does not seem certain yet of how she feels about Mr. Darcy. But I do hope, for both their sakes, that everything turns out for the best." Mrs. Collins then busied herself with taking care of her dear friend. The afternoon's events had taken their toll on Elizabeth and in spite of her strong constitution she still suffered a slight headache and developed a bit of a cough. She was advised to take as much rest as she could in order to recover from the ordeal. As much as she wanted to pursue the topic of the mysterious predicament of the Smiths, Charlotte would not allow it. "I am sure that things will be settled somehow," Charlotte consoled her friends, "but for now, we cannot take any chances with your health." "I thank you for your generous attentions, my dear Charlotte," Elizabeth replied, "but I am not as ill as you seem to think. You know that I was never of a very sickly disposition." "I know that as well as anyone, my dear friend," Charlotte replied cheerfully, "but don't deny me the opportunity of fussing over you just as any host would do for her guest. I am rarely accorded the opportunity to act as the mistress of this household." "Then, I shall by no means deprive you of that right," Elizabeth agreed with a smile. Nevertheless, Elizabeth's mind was occupied by all that had happened and she longed for some news not just of the situation of the Smiths but also of Mr. Darcy. She could no longer deny that she took an interest in that gentleman's welfare and she wished, at the very least, to know if he was all right. For surely if her health had succumbed to the elements despite her limited role in the adventure, he would be likewise affected, no matter how sturdy his constitution. After all, he had braved the cold and deep waters by himself and it had taken some time before he was returned to the warmth and comfort of his aunt's house. Charlotte could see that despite her silence, Elizabeth was eager for some news from Rosings so the former made it her business to relay whatever information she received from her husband to her guest. For the first time, Mrs. Collins was taking an active interest in the affairs of Lady Catherine and this greatly pleased Mr. Collins though he could not have suspected the real reason for such enthusiasm. He mistakenly attributed his wife's fervor to the fact that she was finally seeing things his way, finally seeing the utter superiority and wonder that was Lady Catherine de Bourgh. The ladies at Hunsford did not see much of Mr. Darcy in the next few days, although Charlotte noticed that her friend seemed unusually eager to see him again. But they did not want for company since Colonel Fitzwilliam often called upon Elizabeth to see how she was faring. Where once Elizabeth preferred his company to that of his cousin, she now felt a strange change come over her. Nevertheless, she still enjoyed his visits and he was as pleasant and attentive as ever. He had heard some of the particulars of the rescue from his cousin and Elizabeth confirmed what he already knew and added the rest. He listened to her account with some astonishment and much pride, as he had always thought very highly of his cousin. And he knew, even before coming to Kent, that Darcy had a good opinion of Miss Bennet, no matter how hard the former tried to conceal it. This unusual circumstance was what had piqued his interest in Elizabeth when they first arrived. And seeing how she was a pleasant and intelligent young woman, it did not take long for the colonel to admire her, even without his cousin's approval. During Elizabeth's several visits to Rosings, Colonel Fitzwilliam had tried to gauge if his cousin's fondness was somehow returned. But it had been difficult to determine this. It was clear that Elizabeth knew much of Mr. Darcy from their short acquaintance in Hertfordshire, but her opinion of him remained a mystery to his cousin. She conversed with Darcy cleverly and teased him on occasion, in ways no one had ever dared to do before. Fitzwilliam could see that Darcy enjoyed their banter even if he did not always show it but how much Elizabeth was pleased with Darcy was less discernible. There were even moments when Fitzwilliam suspected that she might even dislike the man. But after the momentous incident of the child's rescue, Elizabeth's position towards Darcy seemed to have improved, much to the cousin's delight. Though she tried to conceal it, she was anxious to hear any news of Darcy, which his cousin eagerly provided. As expected, the recent events had taken their toll on the man's health and he had needed to rest for a day or two. But he quickly recovered and went about settling some urgent matter. "I am not yet sure of the particulars, Miss Bennet," Colonel Fitzwilliam explained, "but I am certain that my cousin considers it very important indeed. If it were not so, I am sure he would not delay calling on you even by an hour." "I am flattered that you think so," Elizabeth replied, "but you may be overestimating your cousin's concern for me." "I think not," the colonel said with a smile. Getting uncomfortable with the direction the conversation was taking, Elizabeth changed the subject and they discussed other things. Once the colonel took his leave, Elizabeth retired to her room and began to ponder on what he had said about Darcy. She had a powerful suspicion that whatever urgent business he needed to attend to involved the Smiths somehow and she grew very curious about it and spent several nights trying to figure out what it could be. Fortunately, she was not left in suspense for very long. One day, Charlotte returned home excitedly, bearing some news. "It is the most extraordinary thing, my dear Lizzy," the friend exclaimed, "I have only just heard from Mr. Collins, who is currently still discussing certain matters with his esteemed patroness, that Mr. Darcy has been responsible for rescuing the Smiths once more!" Lizzy immediately took her friends hands and begged for details, which Charlotte was only too happy to give. "It is as you had suspected," Charlotte explained, "the Smiths were having some problems with Lady Catherine, although they tried their best to hide their plight. It wasn't anything they did themselves, but a circumstance that affected them by association. You see, from what I have heard, Mr. Smith has a sister who has recently brought disgrace upon the family by eloping with an officer of ill repute. When the news reached the brother, he set out to try and resolve the situation but it was too late. His sister had already gone off to Scotland with her officer and the latter could not be convinced to marry her. But she was stubborn and refused to listen to her brother's pleas. So he returned, and unfortunately, the bad news followed him. And though neither he nor his wife and children have ever done anything deserving of reproof, Lady Catherine seemed to believe that the entire family's reputation was forever tainted by association. And though it had not yet been decided, there was a very real threat of evicting them from their home because of this unfortunate circumstance." "But how horrible!" Elizabeth exclaimed, "Surely Lady Catherine cannot be so unjust as to deprive a whole family of their livelihood simply because one member has acted imprudently." "That is exactly what I thought," Charlotte agreed, "although I could not say anything to my husband, who is always inclined to side with Lady Catherine even when he can see the injustice in her actions. And I fear he is not the only one who is so in awe and fear of her as to never question her judgments. The Smiths are similarly humble people who would not dare stand up to her Ladyship even if it meant their utter ruin." "But you said that Mr. Darcy had some hand in saving them," Elizabeth asked, "And how did this come to be?" "Well, my dear Lizzy," Charlotte continued, "Mr. Darcy suspected as much as you did and even before he was fully recovered, he confronted his aunt about the matter. She revealed everything, confident that her nephew would support her decision. You can imagine her surprise when he argued that she change her mind. He has tried to convince her to see reason, and that has not been an easy endeavor. But he is just as obstinate as his aunt and neither of them would back down. But he championed the Smiths cause relentlessly and at length, his aunt, either out of some sense of justice or out of her fondness for her nephew or a combination of these factors, she retracted her previous decision and allowed the Smiths to maintain their livelihood." "How wonderful," Elizabeth exclaimed in awe. "But there's something even more extraordinary," Charlotte added, "Mr. Darcy even managed to extract a promise from his aunt that in the future, she would not act as hastily and as unjustly as she has just done, not just for the Smiths but also for any of her tenants should they ever be in such circumstances. The nephew knew her well and decided very wisely to appeal to her sense of superiority. He convinced her that she would be a paragon of kindness and generosity if she acted thus and that the whole community would only grow in respect of and gratitude towards her. Her vanity was appeased and she agreed to it after some convincing." "It seems that Mr. Darcy knows how best to work on his aunt," Elizabeth said with a smile, "He is more than a match for Lady Catherine's domineering personality." "He truly is," Charlotte said, "and I'm sorry that that is all I have to report." "Oh, but this is the most interesting news we've had all week," Elizabeth said, "and I am very grateful for it." "Besides, I am sure that we shall learn more of the particulars soon enough," Charlotte added, "Colonel Fitzwilliam is bound to call, and perhaps, now that the matter is settled, Mr. Darcy himself will tell you of his triumph." "For all the pride I accused him off, I do not think he would boast about this," Elizabeth observed, "and I confess, I did not expect such effort to be expended on his part all for the sake of a poor family he had only just met. He had already showed them extraordinary kindness and generosity but this, this is truly remarkable." "I don't know why you should be so surprised, Lizzy," Charlotte teased, "After all, you were the one who witnessed his heroism firsthand. Should it be so astonishing that he is capable of more than simply saving a drowning child?" "No, indeed," Elizabeth replied soberly, "but even you must admit that his behavior here in Kent has made a stark contrast against the way he acted when we all first knew him in Hertfordshire." "You are right, Lizzy," Charlotte agreed, "Although even back in Hertfordshire I did not know him as well as you did. I certainly did not have the honor of dancing with him during the Netherfield ball." "Oh, Charlotte," Elizabeth said, this time blushing slightly, "You are making too much out of a small thing." "Am I indeed?" Charlotte asked, giving her friend a knowing look. Elizabeth did not want to take the bait. "Well, it seems that Mr. Darcy's character had been judged too hastily and too harshly," Elizabeth declared and then added to herself, "by me most of all."
Rapid Revelation DISCLAIMER: "Pride and Prejudice" will forever be beyond my reach, whether it is Ms. Austen's delightful novel or Joe Wright's 2005 film adaptation. This is merely a humble tribute. NOTE: I'm back. It took a few years, but this story will be continued. "Apologies for the delayed update" seems so inadequate in this case but I apologize nonetheless. A lot has happened in the last few years (including many other stories and a few new fantoms), and I confess I lost sight of this story for a while. Every year one of my resolutions would be to update this fic, but at one point, I wasn't really sure of which direction it would take. But that's all over now. I have the rest of the story outlined and I am determined to conclude it by the end of this year. So there will be a new chapter at the end of every month. I am committing to that. Since I got rid of the big proposal confrontation, I struggled with how Darcy would become aware of his failings. Elizabeth is clearly improving her opinion of him but much of their relationship is also about him realizing his faults and working to change them. So that's what I hope to achieve here. And I conveniently had Wickham reveal his dastardly self early in the story so that we could get that out of the way and prevent Lydia from running off with him too. So I know some of you have probably (understandably) forgotten about this story but for those who are still reading, thank you for your patience, and please let me know what you think. Enjoy! 0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0- "My dear Charlotte, what a lovely day for a stroll around the park," Elizabeth said excitedly. Her companion was quick to agree. "I confess I am glad for some sunshine after being confined to the house for several days," Charlotte replied with a smile. "The weather has been most unforgiving," Elizabeth remarked, "So dark and dreary. I am glad that the sun has finally decided to shine on us once more." They had decided to make the most of the fair weather by exploring more of the parsonage's surroundings. Elizabeth had been growing restless and even ever-patient Charlotte was yearning for some more fresh air. She also realized that her friend's visit would soon come to an end and she was determined to spend as much time as she could with Lizzy. Life as a clergyman's wife did not afford many opportunities for amusement and Charlotte sometimes felt starved for company, something that she had never experienced when she still lived in Hertfordshire. There was much for them to talk about and Mrs. Collins was particularly curious about the changing opinion her friend had towards a certain gentleman. Lizzy had always been so certain about her judgments of others, something that Charlotte had often warned her about. But lately, the second eldest Miss Bennet seemed to be reconsidering her stance on such topics. Elizabeth was in good spirits because of the fresh air, sunshine, and the simple appeal of the outdoors. She was determined to enjoy nature's splendor, such as it could be enjoyed in Kent. There was much to occupy her mind as of late and being alone with her thoughts and changing feelings was becoming quite a burden. "What news from Longbourn?" Charlotte inquired, knowing that Elizabeth had recently received some letters from home. Jane remained in London but received accounts of the rest of the family from Mary and these she shared with Elizabeth. The Bennet sisters were accustomed to knowing what was taking place in their family although as they grew older, they also became more guarded about their true feelings. "Not much to report," Elizabeth replied, "Jane says Mama continues to scout for eligible young gentlemen while Mary continues to practice diligently while Kitty and Lydia's diligence is directed towards parties and officers." Charlotte smiled as she remembered the frenetic energy which always seemed to fill the Bennet household. Her life was much more uneventful at present, even with occasional visits to Rosings. Lady Catherine's company, while edifying, was far less pleasant than any of the Bennets. "And how is Jane?" Charlotte asked, provoking a sigh from her companion. "Patient and long-suffering as ever," Elizabeth replied, "Though she never complains, of course." "So it seems her visit to London was not as fruitful as your mother had hoped for." "No, indeed," said Elizabeth sadly, "And while I rarely agree with Mama's schemes, I was rather hoping that this one would succeed, if only for Jane's sake. She tries her best to hide her disappointment, but I know Jane." "Ever the martyr, I see," Charlotte said sadly, "But do you suppose that we were expecting too much of Mr. Bingley?" "I don't think so," Elizabeth said thoughtfully, "Jane had been careful about displaying her partiality but his attachment to her was evident to everyone." She frowned as she suddenly remembered her recent discussion with Colonel Fitzwilliam on this topic and how this had led to her strange conversation with Mr. Darcy, right before the acts of heroism that had caused her such confusion about his character. "Lizzy? Is something the matter?" Charlotte asked with concern. "I was just recalling something Colonel Fitzwilliam told me about his cousin," Elizabeth said carefully, "Something that, in light of recent events, has thrown me into quite a conundrum." She recounted her conversation with the colonel to Charlotte and also expressed her uncertainty about Mr. Darcy now. Her friend listened patiently and did not share her own suspicions about Darcy's opinion of Elizabeth. The latter was far too confused to properly take such ideas into account. "Mr. Darcy never ceases to puzzle me!" Elizabeth said in exasperation, "Whenever I think I have gotten a glimpse of his true character, he does something that throws me off balance." "Perhaps your opinion of him has been influenced by other factors," Charlotte suggested. "You might be right," Elizabeth conceded, "And I know that you are probably referring to Mr. Wickham. But surely you do not think me so easily fooled by outward charm?" "I made no such accusation, Lizzy," Charlotte replied, "But I know that, back in Hertfordshire, where those two gentlemen were concerned, you were inclined to supper the one and despise the other." Elizabeth laughed. "I suppose I was rather transparent about that. But I doubt I was the only one who fell victim to Wickham's charms. It matters little now, as he has proven to be quite the scoundrel." "Indeed?" Charlotte asked incredulously, "So you have heard news of some misconduct on his part?" "Everyone is quite shocked by his exploits," Elizabeth explained, "Apparently, he has seduced a young heiress and has convinced her to elope with him, much to her family's disapproval." "And does this news disappoint you?" "Not particularly," Elizabeth admitted, "And in all honesty, this does not even surprise me. I had always suspected that there was something mercenary about his pleasant manners but I had enjoyed his company too much to pay attention to my instincts. But now, the veil has been lifted, and everyone knows what kind of man he truly is." "A man like that could not have been so outwardly amiable without some ulterior motive," Charlotte remarked, "So where does this leave the credibility of his history with Mr. Darcy?" Elizabeth looked thoughtful. "This certainly puts that story into a new perspective," she said gravely, "And with all that has happened now, I am inclined to dismiss some aspects of Wickham's account or at least to afford Mr. Darcy the benefit of the doubt. He is clearly not the villain Wickham painted him to be." "That is quite the change of heart, my dear Lizzy," Charlotte said knowingly, "You had been so determined to dislike him." "I cannot deny it," Elizabeth replied, "Our first meeting had been hardly harmonious and I could not bear his arrogance, conceit, and condescension. He was always so taciturn and unsociable. No one seemed to meet his approval." Elizabeth then looked very serious. "And I am certain that it was he who convinced Bingley that our family was so unsuitable and so caused Jane's misery." Her tone had turned bitter and Charlotte looked at her in alarm. But Elizabeth had regained some of her composure. "And yet," she said hesitantly,"I saw with my own eyes how he put himself in harm's way for a child, and now we know how much he has done to save a family whose circumstances are most certainly beneath him. How can one man be so full of contradictions? I cannot make sense of it at all." Elizabeth sighed and Charlotte smiled at her sympathetically. "Why do you think he wanted to speak to you that day?" she asked. "I have no idea," Miss Bennet replied earnestly, "I can barely recall what he said to me then, I had been so angry at him for interfering with Jane and Bingley and so surprised to see him there." "You remember nothing at all of what he said?" Elizabeth shook her head. "I know that he said that he needed to see me for some urgent reason, though I cannot imagine what that could have been." Charlotte could well imagine what it could have been but she said nothing. Could her friend truly be oblivious to the significance of Darcy's seeking her out? But Charlotte knew that Elizabeth Bennet could be stubborn, even in her ignorance. "Oh, Charlotte," the baffled Bennet lamented, "It had been so easy to despise him then, when his pride had offended me and I had Wickham's poisonous words to support my unfavorable opinion. But I know now that I was wrong to have judged him so harshly." "So you do not despise him, then?" Charlotte asked carefully. "How can I when I believe I've finally seen who he is?" Elizabeth replied, "All this time that I've been trying to make out his character, I had been biased against him. I see now that he is capable of being kind and selfless, so different from the man we all thought he was in Hertfordshire." "But you still have doubts?" "I still cannot reconcile what he did for the Smiths and what he did to Jane and Bingley," Elizabeth explained. "He must have had some good intentions for his actions there," Charlotte attempted to defend him. "Perhaps, and I'm certain that Colonel Fitzwilliam believes so and even admires his cousin's actions," Elizabeth conceded hesitantly, "But knowing that does little to heal my sister's broken heart. And that makes it exceedingly difficult to forgive someone who has contributed to destroying her happiness." Charlotte decided not to pursue the topic of Mr. Darcy further. She knew how much Elizabeth loved Jane and that her sister's welfare would always surpass any other concerns. But this conversation confirmed some of her suspicions about Elizabeth's evolving feelings. Charlotte had never known her friend to be so conflicted about another person and she fervently hoped for a happy outcome from all this. "Let us set aside the mystery of Mr. Darcy for now, Charlotte," Elizabeth urged, some of her cheerfulness returning, "It is too fine a day to dwell on such perplexing subjects!" . . . . . "Mr. Darcy never ceases to puzzle me!" The man in question had stopped in his tracks when he heard his name uttered by a familiar voice. He had been walking around the park in the hopes of seeing and speaking to her but knowing that she was not alone and that she was speaking of him made him reluctant to reveal himself. Eavesdropping was beneath him and yet he could not resist the opportunity to learn what she truly thought of him. Despite all his internal struggles, he had been confident that she would accept his proposal when he finally found the nerve to make it. But it seemed that he was destined to be constantly interrupted in his attempts. There had been moments on that fateful afternoon where he had felt almost certain that she returned his feelings - the genuine concern in he voice when she called out to him in the river and the relief with which she had greeted him when he returned. He had not imagined that and he had dared to hope. But so much had happened to distract and delay him from his purpose. And as the days passed, his certainty decreased. And now that he had stumbled upon such a timely opportunity, he would have some idea of where he stood with her. Suffice to say that the next hour was one of the most revelatory and humbling experiences of Mr. Darcy's life. After Miss Bennet decided to drop the topic of "the mystery of Mr. Darcy", the subject himself also decided to wander off to another part of the park so that he could adequately collect his thoughts and feelings. He found a bench somewhere in the park and sat down to try and make sense of what he had heard. So much of what he had believed to be true in the last several months were now exposed as his own mistaken notions and illusions. Never had he so grossly miscalculated anything in his life and he was overwhelmed by his own folly and pride. What he learned now threw their entire acquaintance into a new light and forced him to examine their interactions with greater scrutiny. She had hated him. That was what struck him the most. Even if her dislike had been lessened by his recent actions, it was clear now that there had never been any chance of her returning his feelings. All this time that he believed she would receive his proposal favorably, he had been so very wrong. He dreaded to imagine what the outcome of his first attempt would have been, especially since she had been angry at him for his role in separating her sister from Bingley. Darcy could not blame his cousin for this revelation. Had Elizabeth accused him directly of it, he would not have denied his involvement. While it was clear that the lady could not appreciate his motives, he now understood that she blamed him for her sister's unhappiness. And having heard confirmation that Miss Bennet's feelings for his friend were deeper than he had supposed, Darcy now felt a twinge of guilt for having so effectively severed that connection. But he maintained that he had acted in his friend's best interests. However, he made a decision to rectify the situation as soon as he was able. The issue of Wickham was, thankfully, already taken care of. The fool had revealed his true nature and now, to Darcy's relief, Elizabeth was no longer under any illusions about Wickham's character. He had feared Wickham's influence when he had seen them meet in Hertfordshire but he had hoped that Elizabeth would see through that man's duplicitous nature. But it was evident to Darcy that, for a time, she had been influenced by whatever erroneous account Wickham gave of his character and had so found a reason to despise him. Had Wickham's poison continued to affect Elizabeth, Darcy would have made his defense and exposed the man's history with his family. But there was less reason for him to despise Wickham now that the latter had effectively destroyed his own reputation in the eyes of the Bennets. At least in Elizabeth's eyes, Darcy was acquitted of wrongdoing in that case, but this gave the gentleman little comfort in the light of the other revelations. As painful as it was to admit, Darcy knew that Elizabeth had been right about his arrogance and condescension. All his life he had believed his attitudes towards others as justified due to some mistaken sense of superiority. But now he realized how boorish that made him look and how his taciturn nature was preventing others from seeing his true character. This is what made it so easy for Wickham to slander him. His own snobbish habits turned people against him upon making his acquaintance, including, to his despair, the only woman he had ever truly loved. There had never been any chance of her accepting him before he had rescued the Smiths. That proposal would have undoubtedly ended in a disaster. But not all was lost. She had begun to reconsider his character because of his recent actions and the exposure of Wickham's deceit. He had no illusions of her ever accepting him now, even with the improved opinion of him. He was not so vain. All he could hope for was to make her not hate him. If he could but mend the other offense she had accused him of, then perhaps the acquaintance could be salvaged. He thought no more of himself and his desires but only of her happiness. After some more reflection, Darcy stood up and resolutely made his way back to Rosings. He had come to an important decision. Since he seemed the power to facilitate the happiness of his friend and Miss Bennet, and by extension that of Elizabeth, he would make it so. That very evening, a letter was sent from Rosings to London, encouraging Mr. Bingley to seek out a certain young lady who was in town visiting her aunt and uncle.
Rapid Revelation DISCLAIMER: "Pride and Prejudice" will forever be beyond my reach, whether it is Ms. Austen's delightful novel or Joe Wright's 2005 film adaptation. This is merely a humble tribute. NOTE: This was the most difficult chapter to write because it basically tries to replace the big first proposal scene from the movie. But since there have been many significant changes in the plot and the characters' feelings, I had to make some major adjustments and re-watch certain scenes over and over again (which, of course, led to much distraction). I apologize for the delay in posting this chapter. Things have been crazy and hectic in real life and the content of the chapter was tricky. I have been working on this for weeks now but I'm glad I can finally post it. I used some dialogue from the original proposal but given the changes the characters underwent, the tone in which some of these lines are spoken is less hostile or defensive. Likewise, since I've given Darcy an early epiphany on the dangers of insulting the Bennets, he does not do so here because he's learned to be a bit more considerate of Elizabeth's feelings. It's easier now that he's also more self-aware and humbled by what he heard in the previous chapter. Elizabeth continues to be oblivious to Darcy's and her own feelings, which is always fun to write, if only to increase the tension. But rest assured, this will not drag on for too long. The endpoint is in sight, only a few more chapters to go, and I am going to wrap this story up before this year is out. Reviews are most welcome as I am looking forward to reading what you think of this. Hope you enjoy this chapter. 0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0- The weather took another turn for the worse a few days after Elizabeth and Charlotte's pleasant stroll and, once again, Elizabeth found herself confined to the house while Mrs. Collins went about her duties around the parish. She would have to find a way to amuse herself. She spent the morning re-reading the last letters from Jane and her family. The post had not yet come in, so she had no recent news yet of what was taking place in Hertfordshire. She was not particularly eager to hear about home just yet since there were other things to think about while she was in Kent. Her reverie was interrupted by a knock on the door and the subject of some of her musings entered the small house. For the first time, Mr. Darcy's arrival was not unwelcome, and after the necessary greetings were exchanged, Elizabeth found that she was quite eager to converse with the gentleman. They had not spoken since his daring rescue of the Smith boy and after everything she had learned since then, she felt compelled to express her appreciation of his character. But she was taken aback by his appearance: he exuded none of his usual calm and there was an urgency in his manner that piqued Elizabeth's curiosity. She was unaccustomed to seeing Mr. Darcy in such a state of agitation. She had thought that his disheveled appearance not long ago when he had confronted her in the rain, was the most undignified she would ever see him. But his current appearance surpassed even that. If anything, he looked positively miserable. She remembered jesting about his owning the "miserable half" of Derbyshire when they had first met but now she felt genuinely concerned about his welfare. For a moment Elizabeth wondered if she had something to do with it. After all, this uncharacteristic behavior always seemed to take place in her presence. But why should he lose his composure on her account? What influence could she have on his state of mind? For someone usually so perceptive, Elizabeth was painfully oblivious to an evident partiality on the gentleman's part, much to the latter's disadvantage as he had also convinced himself that there was no possible way for him to accept any offer from him, not after what he had heard. There was a crash of thunder that startled them both and the pitter patter of rain on the roof of the house was another distraction. Such sounds always reverberated more in small houses like the one they were currently confined to. Their most significant interactions always seemed to take place during inclement weather, Elizabeth mused. "Are you well, Mr. Darcy?" she asked in genuine concern. "Quite well, I thank you," he replied unconvincingly, looking away from Elizabeth, as if struggling to gather his thoughts. The silence between them persisted, accented by the sounds of the storm around them. After a few moments, when it seemed that he was incapable of initiating any conversation, Elizabeth decided to open a relatively safe subject. "Mrs. Collins informed me of the service you rendered did for the Smiths," she began, "And I must commend you for yet another act of heroism. You seem to be in the habit of rescuing that family from ruin." Darcy seemed surprised that Elizabeth knew about his involvement in that family's affairs and he was temporarily distracted from his true purpose. He was grateful that the conversation had opened with a relatively safe topic. Since he dreaded the lady's reaction to his prepared speech, he decided to continue discussing the Smiths for the time being. "I only intervened so that they would be treated justly," he said modestly, "Such good people do not deserve to be driven to poverty because of one person's lapse in judgment." "Not everyone would share such a point of view," Elizabeth remarked, "In fact, for many, association alone is enough to taint a whole family's reputation forever." "That is unfortunately true," Darcy conceded gravely, "But I've come to believe that entire families need not be punished for the faults of a few." Elizabeth found herself impressed by this declaration and she wondered what might have prompted such a reflection in a man who had always seemed to her such a harsh critic of others' failings. "It might surprise you to learn, Miss Elizabeth," Darcy remarked somberly, noting her silence, "That I am not incapable of compassion." The lady colored slightly, embarrassed that he had had some idea of her former opinion of him. But she was resolved to let him know how much this had changed in light of recent events. "You are mistaken, Mr. Darcy," Elizabeth replied sincerely, "If you think that I have such a poor opinion of you. And after witnessing firsthand what you would risk for others, I should be ashamed to think ill of you. I hope that I am not so uncharitable." "I would never accuse you of being uncharitable, Miss Elizabeth," Darcy said, "Forgive me for my comment. It was most improper and I do not know what prompted it." Elizabeth reassured him that there was nothing to forgive. And in an attempt to quickly abandon the uncomfortable exchange, they spent the next few minutes once again discussing the Smiths familial situation. Both were grateful to have such an uncontroversial subject to fall back on. At length, Elizabeth began to speak about families in general. "No family is perfect, we all have our quarrels, and even members of our own family can sometimes act in mortifying ways," she admitted, the memory of her mother and younger sisters distinct in her mind, "I am well aware, sometimes painfully so, of my family's faults, but I love them all the same. We forgive our family their flaws and they likewise forgive ours." "Your observations do you credit, Miss Bennet, and I am sure that no one can fault you for them," Darcy commended her. "I am no philosopher, I merely try to learn from my experience," Elizabeth said with a smile, before adding, in a more serious tone, "And I have seen that many times it is those whom we hold most dear that have the capacity to wound us all most deeply." "Indeed," Darcy said softly. Once again, he seemed lost in thought. Elizabeth thought that a shadow seemed to have fallen over him, and suddenly the smallness of the Collins home became very stifling. Both of them seemed trapped in some inexplicably tense conversation and Elizabeth still wondered why Darcy had come at all. It was clear that this was not to make arbitrary pleasantries, as he did on a previous visit. He spoke at last, his agitation plain on his face. "I can delay this no longer, Miss Elizabeth. I believe my cousin has spoken to you of a matter that concerns your sister and Mr. Bingley," Darcy began hesitantly, "As well as my own interference in that affair." Elizabeth stiffened at the mention of this. She had not expected Mr. Darcy to bring up the topic but she now realized that this was the objective of this unusual visit. And as favorable as her opinion of him had been growing, the reminder of this past injury filled her with her former anger. Darcy noted her silence with trepidation. He saw now that he would not have to go into detail on this uncomfortable topic. He forced himself to look at her but he could not decipher her expression, so he simply waited for her to respond. "So, you do not deny it then, Mr. Darcy," Elizabeth said softly, her voice rising with the emotion she felt as she remembered Jane's sorrow, "That you separated a young couple who loved each other, exposing your friend to the censure of the world for caprice and my sister to its derision for disappointed hopes? And involving them both in misery of the acutest kind." "I do not deny it," Darcy admitted timidly. "How could you do it?" Elizabeth asked, tears welling up in her eyes. "Because I believed your sister indifferent to him," he answered, silently berating himself for having caused the lady such distress. "Indifferent?" Elizabeth asked incredulously. "I watched them most carefully and I believed then that his attachment was deeper than hers," Darcy replied. "That's because she's shy!" Elizabeth said in defense of her sister. "Bingley too is modest and was persuaded that she didn't feel strongly for him," said Darcy. "Because you suggested it!" said Elizabeth harshly. "I did it to try and protect him," said Darcy earnestly. "My sister hardly shows her true feelings to me!" Elizabeth argued, and immediately realized the unfairness of this assertion and the incivility of her tone. She took a moment to calm herself. "I am sure that the motives that governed me in this matter must appear insufficient to you," Darcy said gravely, taking advantage of her silence, "But believe me when I say that they were in the service of a friend." Elizabeth said nothing but wondered at how the conversation had taken such a difficult turn. Moments before she had been commending Mr. Darcy for his concern for others and his willingness to intervene on behalf of the Smiths. And now she was condemning him for doing the same for Bingley because of the impact on Jane. In an instant, she somehow realized the difference of their perspectives, how much she loved and defended her sister and, for his part, how much he would do to protect his friend from what he had perceived was a potential heartbreak. Some part of her could not fault him for that selfless impulse. And she had admitted herself that Jane was sometimes too guarded about her true feelings. If she concealed her emotions from her own sister, how would a relative stranger be able to ascertain what she truly felt. Elizabeth found herself blaming Darcy less and less, and it was a puzzling sensation. "It is clear that I was completely mistaken about your sister's feelings and for this I must beg your forgiveness," Darcy spoke solemnly, "And now that I know the gravity of my error, I am resolved to make amends to all parties involved." He could not reveal that he had overheard the lady's conversation with her friend. But even had he not been aware of Elizabeth's feelings towards him, any reasonable man would have been able to gain enough information from this fraught conversation to confirm the true nature of Jane Bennet's affection for his friend. Elizabeth looked at Darcy in shock, confused at how the tumultuous conversation was turned around yet again. His expression was of complete sincerity and she had to admit that, in all their acquaintance, he had never deceived her. Greater remorse she had never seen in anyone else and her anger dissipated. She also remembered that Darcy was as capable of bringing Bingley and her sister together as he was effective in tearing them apart. Jane's hope of happiness could at last be restored and this was what mattered most to the loving younger sister. And this was the only part of the entire conversation that made any sense to her. Everything else threw her into such a haze of confusion, particularly with regard to her own shifting opinion of the gentleman before her. "Once again, I am very sorry for having caused such pain to your sister and yourself," Darcy said earnestly, "And I can only hope that the damage I have caused is not beyond repair." "You need not distress yourself on my account," said Elizabeth gravely, "It is my sister who deserves this chance at a future. My happiness hardly matters." "But it does matter," Darcy said softly, "Your happiness means a great deal to me, Miss Elizabeth, more than you know." The lady stared at him incredulously and Darcy chided himself for allowing such a breach of discretion. He had been determined to reveal nothing of his feelings, knowing her dislike of him. He could not bear her refusal. And yet, in a moment of weakness, he had allowed the truth to slip out and there was no taking it back. He dared not look at Elizabeth now, too afraid of the revulsion that she would undoubtedly express. Had he been bold enough to look, he would have seen an unexpected reaction from the lady, not the harsh rejection he so feared, but simply a look of confusion. Elizabeth was not so oblivious to the implications of what Darcy had just said but part of her could not believe it was possible. And there was the struggle of her own heart, after all that had been revealed that day, and all that she had come to know of the gentleman recently. Several times she opened her mouth to speak but she had no idea of the appropriate response. She had never been this bewildered about anyone before. Both were at a loss for words and both refused to look at the other for fear of more truths that could be unveiled, truths they were not prepared to face. There was too much to be thought and felt and while the tension was nigh unbearable, neither of them could contemplate the idea of leaving the other. Somehow the prospect of being alone with all these contradicting emotions was another ordeal they wanted to avoid. And so they would have continued in this uncomfortable silence with only the sounds of the rain outside filling the air had it not been for the sudden arrival of Colonel Fitzwilliam. "Forgive my intrusion," he said breathlessly as he entered the room. Darcy and Elizabeth stared at him in puzzlement and the colonel gave his cousin a significant look that immediately put the latter on high alert. "A matter of urgency, Darcy," said the colonel, "It's Georgiana." At the mention of his sister's name, Darcy approached his cousin and listened as the colonel provided some of the necessary particulars in a hushed tone. Darcy frowned apprehensively as he was informed of the circumstances. Elizabeth longed to know what had happened to Miss Darcy to have caused such looks of concern in both her brother and cousin, but she knew well that she had no right to such information. So, she had to wait in silent suspense. In a way, she was grateful for the colonel's interruption because she had a moment to try and get her bearings after all that had been said. But part of her was inexplicably reluctant to part with Mr. Darcy, even if she was not exactly certain about what she would say to him. Colonel Fitzwilliam took his leave with a courteous bow to the lady and allowed his cousin a few more moments to conclude whatever discussion he had with Miss Bennet. Mr. Darcy had taken his coat and gloves and muttered his apologies about having to end their conversation so abruptly. Though it was unclear how they would have proceeded had the colonel not arrived with his urgent news. "Forgive me, Miss Bennet, but I must go," Darcy said distractedly, "My sister…" "Of course," Elizabeth spared him the need to make any excuses, "You must go to her at once. Please do not delay on my account." Darcy nodded, still looking preoccupied, as he planned his next course of action. Elizabeth had never seen him so worried and she felt moved to ease his pain somehow. "I wish your sister well, Mr. Darcy," she said earnestly, not knowing what more she could say to comfort the distraught brother. "Thank you," Darcy replied, looking at her with genuine gratitude. After a pause where the gentleman seemed to gather his thoughts, when next he spoke, it was in a tone of tenderness that Elizabeth was unaccustomed to. "I hope that we may meet again in more agreeable circumstances," said he. "I hope so too," Elizabeth replied sincerely. "Goodbye, Miss Elizabeth," said Darcy as he took one last, lingering glance at the lady before bowing and taking his leave. "Goodbye, Mr. Darcy," Elizabeth said softly as she watched him exit the house. She walked to the window and saw him ride away, braving the torrential rains. She waited until his figure had disappeared into the distance before she sank into a chair, exhausted and overwhelmed. She then spent the next few hours endeavoring to make sense of all that had taken place on that rainy afternoon.
Rapid Revelation DISCLAIMER: "Pride and Prejudice" will forever be beyond my reach, whether it is Ms. Austen's delightful novel or Joe Wright's 2005 film adaptation. This is merely a humble tribute. NOTE: Welcome to the penultimate chapter of the story! We're almost there. One more chapter to go and I can wrap this all up. This is mostly a quiet chapter because Elizabeth needed time to recover after some of the revelations of the previous one. Darcy, unfortunately, does not make an appearance in this chapter but he is heavily discussed by all. It's always fun to write about Elizabeth's changing perspective. This also gave me the opportunity to write about the rest of the Bennet family as well, an interesting exercise since most of the action has been focused in Kent. I've never written much interaction between Elizabeth and Jane but I enjoy their dynamic and it was interesting to write about them for once. I also enjoyed touching a bit (but very slightly) on the points of view of the younger sisters and the Bennet parents. I think I've explored a lot of Charlotte's thoughts in the previous chapters so it was a change to shift to the Bennets. What's great about the original novel is we have a main character shaped by her interaction with her friends and family and even the 2005 film does a great job of showing the Bennets as a living and breathing familial unit, with all the chaos that entails. They love each other but they also get at each other's throats a lot. It's great. I'm really aiming at finishing and posting the final chapter by Christmas but I don't want to make any promises at this point because December is the busiest time of year for me. My goal is still to complete this story by the end of the year so there's that. Thank you for reading and I hope you like this chapter. Please review or comment. I would really love to hear what all of you think of this little project of mine. Enjoy! 0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0- Elizabeth was relieved to return to the familiar chaos of Longbourn after the baffling events in Kent. She was grateful for the distraction of Kitty and Lydia's constant squabbling, their mother's histrionics, and their father's sarcasm. This bedlam she could navigate with ease, and she resolved not to dwell too much on all that had happened in Hunsford and Rosings. But something had shifted irrevocably after that last, mystifying conversation, and she knew that her peace had forever been shattered. Even in the days after Kent, Elizabeth continued to muse over all that had taken place and the surprising paths her thoughts and feelings had taken. She had not expected much out of her visit to Charlotte, only a temporary break in the mundanity of her life in Hertfordshire. Now, she thought, she had gotten much more than she had bargained for. Thankfully, Jane had also returned from London, in better spirits than expected, and Elizabeth was able to seek comfort in her gentle sister. But she was careful not to mention anything about Bingley or indeed about Darcy's interference. Jane listened in astonishment and admiration as Elizabeth recounted Darcy's acts of heroism, from the rescue of the young child from drowning to his saving the family from ruin. Of all the Bennets, Jane had probably had the best opinion of Darcy though this could be credited more to her kind and generous nature than to her seeing any virtues in the gentleman. Jane always saw the best in people, so she had not agreed with the general dislike of him by her family and her younger sister in particular. So, she was pleased to see how much Elizabeth's opinion of him had improved because of the former's visit to Kent. "How extraordinary," Jane exclaimed when Elizabeth concluded her tale, "I always thought highly of Mr. Darcy but I think even my opinion of him did not do him justice." "My dear Jane, you think highly of everyone you meet, whether or not they deserve it, and that is to your credit," Elizabeth remarked with a smile, "And while I do not always approve of your generous esteem, in this case I am inclined to agree with you." "You can hardly think ill of Mr. Darcy now, Lizzy," Jane told her, "Not after witnessing his noble qualities yourself." "I confess I never dreamed of becoming such a witness," Elizabeth replied, "But I am glad that I was able to see another side of him. I daresay he would benefit greatly if he displayed his noble side more often." "He does not require other people's approval, my dear sister," Jane said gently, "He is clearly a man of principle and he lives by his own moral code. He does not need to prove himself to anyone." "That is true," Elizabeth replied, "He did not need to but has certainly proved himself to me." "I am glad that he has made such a favorable impression on you," Jane said but with no hint of slyness. "Perhaps you think me too harsh in my judgment of people at times," Elizabeth said, picking up on a nuance her sister had inadvertently revealed. "I would not say harsh exactly," Jane replied after some thought, "But I do wish you would give people the benefit of the doubt more often. Some may surprise you." "As we see in the case of Mr. Darcy," Elizabeth said with a smile. Jane Bennet was hardly a suspicious person, but she did notice something different about her sister's expression when speaking about the gentleman that she had once loathed so expressly. It was clear that Elizabeth thought very well of him now, and Jane even thought that there was a certain softness in Elizabeth's gaze. And being the loving sister that she was, Jane hoped for Elizabeth's happiness, even if she was not sure what would bring this about. At length Elizabeth noticed Jane staring at her pensively and the younger Bennet blushed. She had nothing to fear from her sister. Jane was not the teasing type. Nevertheless, Elizabeth warned herself to be more careful about revealing the change of her feelings towards Mr. Darcy. Seeing Jane again also brought back that last conversation with more vividness although that scene was never truly far from her mind. She was certain that Jane had seen nothing of Bingley in London and though the older Bennet showed no signs of disappointment, Elizabeth knew her well enough to know that Jane was not as happy as she could be. But again, she hid it well, and Elizabeth now had to give credit to Darcy's assertion that Jane seemed indifferent to Bingley because of her reticence. "Did you have an opportunity to speak to Mr. Darcy after hearing about his generous acts?" Jane asked. "He did call on me once in Hunsford but it was a very brief visit," Elizabeth replied, careful to conceal any details on Darcy's interference with Bingley. "He had to leave urgently as he had received some news about his sister that gave him some concern," Elizabeth added, the vision of Darcy's distress clear in her mind. Every now and then she wondered about what had happened with Miss Darcy and she found herself genuinely concerned. She surprised herself at her anxiety and found it hard to deny that her own preoccupation was more for the brother than the lady she had never even met. Most of their interactions in Kent had been so fraught that she only hoped that nothing too grave had called Darcy away. As expected, Jane expressed her sincere concern about the young lady in question, despite never having met her. But she knew what it was to care about a younger sister and even from her limited acquaintance with Darcy, she had seen how affectionate a brother he was. He wrote to his sister often and spoke of her with such warmth that Jane had no doubt about the strength of their bond. Jane noticed again that Elizabeth had a serious and worried expression on her face as she spoke of Darcy's hasty departure and his evident anxiety. But she attributed Elizabeth's friendly concern to her being better acquainted with the gentleman, having crossed paths with him several times in Kent. In her eagerness to improve everyone's opinion of Mr. Darcy, Jane convinced a reluctant Elizabeth to share the accounts of his kindness with the rest of the family. Elizabeth had been hesitant at first but since there was not much to do at Longbourn, she realized that she had a captive audience in her younger sisters and even her parents. Lydia and Kitty had been sunk in disappointment after their father had refused to allow them to go to Brighton, so they were eager for any distraction. Mary was always ready with a quote from scripture on every story. With no eligible young men arriving in the county, Mrs. Bennet was similarly idle; and she had always had a very strong, negative opinion about the haughty gentleman. And Mr. Bennet was always eager to hear Lizzy's stories about the foibles of her fellow man. So, it happened that the whole Bennet family came to hear of the daring exploits of Mr. Darcy as he risked drowning to save a frightened child and as he convinced his esteemed aunt to be generous to a struggling family. Elizabeth told the stories with confidence especially when she noticed how interested everyone was in such an account. She was not sure why but she had become determined that her family to share her improved opinion of the gentleman. She patiently repeated certain parts of the story to Kitty and Lydia, who were enchanted by the adventure of it all, and more interested in the saving of the young boy than in the long-term salvation of his family's fortunes. Mary found much to moralize on and did not hesitate to express her learned opinions on some. Mrs. Bennet had been skeptical at first but knew her daughter to be trustworthy and she was soon simply pleased to have an intriguing topic to discuss with her friends. Mrs. Bennet being who she was, she could not help but reconsider Mr. Darcy as another potential match for one of her daughters. If he was not so bad as they all thought, he might very well do. After all, he did have ten thousand pounds a year. And it was clear that he had taken some interest in Lizzy. While Mrs. Bennet was still upset at her second daughter for turning down Collins, the prospect of a better match had made her look favorably once more on Elizabeth. But how could such a thing be managed when the gentleman in question was not even within the proximity of her daughter? Mrs. Bennet spent much time musing on this conundrum and such activity kept her in good spirits. As for Mr. Bennet, while he found the topic of Darcy to be exceedingly diverting, what interested him more was the sparkle in Elizabeth's eyes when she spoke of the gentleman. His second daughter was not as adept at hiding her feelings as her elder sister and it was growing evident to him that there was more than an improvement in Elizabeth's opinion. He had seen her show partiality towards certain young men, but these instances had been fleeting and even whimsical. But there was an expression of warmth, almost of tenderness, in her face when she spoke of the man who had once not found her tolerable enough to dance with. It was clear that she had forgiven him his previous slights, but there was more to it than that. But whenever Mr. Bennet broached the subject, Elizabeth deftly avoided his hints. She would not be teased, and he also hesitated about being so flippant about the situation. Darcy was nowhere in sight and it was uncertain if they would ever find themselves in the same company anytime soon. Mr. Bennet remembered making some remark to Lizzy about young ladies needing to be crossed in love every now and then. But judging by the seriousness of her expression when discussing Darcy, Elizabeth was in some danger. And Mr. Bennet hoped that his daughter was not so compromised. Lizzy was usually so prudent and careful about such things, after all. And it was also clear that she had no expectations. For her part, Elizabeth found that she could not stop thinking about Mr. Darcy, from wondering what had happened with his sister to those enigmatic words he had spoken so gently to her. "Your happiness means a great deal to me, Miss Elizabeth, more than you know." Had she dreamed it? And how exactly did she feel about such a declaration? She dared not admit anything, even to herself. But she was growing certain, anxiously certain, that Mr. Darcy's happiness meant something to her as well. . . . . . A week or two later, the household was thrown into an uproar when the news spread that Mr. Bingley had returned to Netherfield. It was ascertained that he had returned alone while his sisters remained in town. As soon as she heard of this, Elizabeth was certain that Mr. Darcy had kept his word about making amends. She had not imagined that he would do so in such a short time and she was disappointed to learn that he had not accompanied his friend back to Hertfordshire. But she chided herself on her selfishness and focused on observing Jane, who maintained her composure throughout. But there was a hopeful expression in her eyes, subtle but there, that betrayed some of her emotions, and Elizabeth hoped for the best. Longbourn was in a frenzy of activity as Mrs. Bennet moved to and fro, trying to get things ready, and convinced that Mr. Bingley would call on them one of these days. But even Mrs. Bennet's eagerness was no match for Bingley's as he arrived at their doorstep early one morning, giving the Bennets barely any time to prepare. He greeted them with his usual cheerfulness, but they also noticed that there was a certain purposefulness in his manner. He addressed them all cordially, but his gaze had rested most of the time on Jane. Mrs. Bennet barely needed any more encouragement and hastily arranged for Bingley and Jane to be alone in the room. Less than an hour later and Mrs. Bennet was in ecstasy. Her fondest wish had finally come to fruition and she could not hide her delight at the success of her plans. Jane and Bingley were engaged at last. While the entire family celebrated this momentous occasion, Elizabeth stole away and sat by one of the large trees in the garden. She was happy for Jane, of course, although no one could outdo her mother in expressing joy about this alliance. But she could not help but be certain that Bingley's prompt return and immediate proposal were the results of his friend's interference once again. He had effectively undone any damage done on Jane and Bingley's relationship and he had facilitated this felicitous result. This was all Darcy's doing and she was deeply grateful. She wished there was some way to let him know that all was forgiven, that these were the happier circumstances in which they ought to meet again. She admitted to herself now that she longed to see him, to speak to him, and to know the truth behind his words to her. Elizabeth felt heartened by the sight of Jane being so obviously happy. The eldest Bennet daughter glowed, and her joy was felt by all who saw her. But in a strange way, Elizabeth was slightly jealous of Jane's happiness, though she berated herself for even thinking this way. But she could not help it. She could not see Bingley without thinking of his friend. Fortunately, as Jane's future husband, he visited Longbourn every day and Elizabeth had ample opportunities to speak to him. She congratulated him warmly and he received her well wishes with genuine affection. Elizabeth found, to her relief, that she did not need to broach the subject of Darcy herself. Bingley eagerly spoke of his friend to her one day as she joined the happy couple on a walk through the park. "I understand you saw much of Darcy when you were in Kent, Miss Elizabeth," Bingley told her cheerfully. "Indeed, Mr. Bingley, your friend had demonstrated his heroism on a few occasions while I was there," Elizabeth replied. "Darcy has always been too modest about his goodness," Bingley remarked, "But there is no one more reliable or trustworthy. He is the most loyal friend." Elizabeth expressed her agreement before asking what she had been burning to know. "He had to leave urgently because of news of his sister," she began, "Would you know if everything has been resolved with Miss Darcy?" "Oh, yes," Bingley remembered, "Darcy had been very distressed by that. Apparently, Miss Darcy had fallen ill, a severe cold because of the drastic changes in climate recently. But she has fully recovered, probably encouraged by the fact that her brother was at her side for the ordeal." "I'm glad to hear that Miss Darcy is well," Elizabeth with genuine relief. "She is a gentle soul and Darcy is extremely fond of her," Bingley added, "He does his utmost to protect those who are dear to him. So, I count myself extremely lucky to be his friend." "I am sure he feels the same, Mr. Bingley," Elizabeth remarked, before adding, unable to resist, "When was the last time you spoke to him?" "It's been several weeks, at least, he has been preoccupied with his sister and other business matters," Bingley replied after some thought. Elizabeth had expected this much but she dared not ask more or risk betraying her keen interest. Fortunately, Mr. Bingley had even more favorable news to impart. "Incidentally, I received a letter from him just this morning," Bingley then added, "He will be arriving in Hertfordshire next week."
Revelations in the Rain DISCLAIMER: "Pride and Prejudice" will forever be beyond my reach, whether it is Ms. Austen's delightful novel or Joe Wright's 2005 film adaptation. This is merely a humble tribute. NOTE: Happy Valentine's Day! Welcome to the final chapter of the story! I have decided to rename it to this new title because, after much deliberation, I feel that it is a better fit to the story as a whole. I'm excited to be finishing this, after all these years. I missed my deadline last year because I got too busy to write anything but I decided to post this finale as a way of celebrating Valentine's. This was my first multi-chapter Pride and Prejudice story and writing it has been an incredible journey, years in the making, and now I can finally bring it to its happy conclusion. Thank you to everyone who has stuck around for all this time and waited patiently for my infrequent updates. I got a bit lost in the middle of writing this but I found my way in the end and I am just glad that I can finally share this with you all. 0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0- A week passed, and then another, but there was no indication that Mr. Darcy would be arriving in Hertfordshire. This was of little consequence to most of the region's inhabitants. Even Bingley was not overly concerned about this delay because he was in regular correspondence with his friend and was well aware that Darcy always had much business to attend to on a regular basis. So, it was only Elizabeth whose disappointment grew with each passing day. Worse still was the fact that she was not at liberty to speak of her dismay to anyone, not even to Jane. How could she reveal the secrets of her heart and the deep longing she felt when her beloved sister was basking in her well-deserved happiness? Elizabeth had no other confidante and she dared not reveal more than she feared she already had in speaking so openly of Darcy's good deeds before. Uneventful days gave time for dangerous speculations, all of which did nothing to lift the lady's spirits. Elizabeth was plagued with different ideas for why Mr. Darcy kept his distance. Perhaps he had changed his mind about coming at all and preferred to meet and congratulate his friend in London or some other fashionable location. But knowing how much Darcy disliked social occasions, Elizabeth doubted that this was the case. On a more serious note, perhaps he had another urgent family matter to attend to, an idea that seemed more likely to Elizabeth. But if this was the case, then she also felt slightly concerned about him, adding to her distress. Another possibility, and one that pained the lady the most, was the notion that he might not wish to see her at all. Even after the earnest way Darcy had wished that they would meet again in more agreeable circumstances, Elizabeth could not be sure about whether he felt the same way after all this time. After all, that last conversation had been far from pleasant for both of them and had concluded on a somewhat uncertain note. He had kept his word about making amends in the matter of Jane and Bingley. But beyond that, he owed her nothing, and she certainly had no right to expect to see more of his society merely because his friend would be marrying her sister. So much about their interactions were puzzling, and the more time passed, the less Elizabeth understood about where they both stood and whether she was foolish to expect anything at all. She could no longer deny, at least to herself, that she longed to see him again even if she had no idea what she would say to him should they come face to face. There was always safety in social convention. They could exchange trite pleasantries with one another, especially in the company of Bingley and her family. At the very least she could inquire after his sister's welfare as a means of initiating conversation. She knew how difficult it was for him to begin any kind of discussion, some of his visits at Hunsford came to mind, but she hoped that they were well-acquainted enough for a more than civil conversation. None of her plans would come to fruition, however, the longer he stayed away. Adding to Elizabeth's general air of despondency was even more unseasonably rainy weather, with more fog and rain than everyone in Hertfordshire was accustomed to. No one could account for such a temperamental climate and most social was severely limited by these circumstances, with folk choosing to stay within the comfort of their homes. People grew restless indoors but dared not risk getting ill by venturing into the wet countryside. They had to struggle to find ways of amusing themselves while they waited for the sun to shine once more. Elizabeth's gloomy demeanor, as much as she tried to conceal it, was not lost on Jane. The older Bennet could have no exact suspicion for what was causing her sister's unhappiness and she attributed much to the dismal weather. Whenever she expressed her concern, Elizabeth would simply smile and reassure her that all was well. She would blame the weather for her melancholy and though Jane believed there was more to it than that, she would not pressure her sister for details until the latter was prepared to share them. The rest of the Bennet household was, naturally, engrossed in Jane's good fortune, a distraction Elizabeth found most welcome. While her mother and younger sisters were too busy to notice the sadness in her eyes, Elizabeth was careful to conceal her feelings from her father, who would sometimes throw her an inquiring glance. She would always respond with a smile and an expression that silently conveyed to him that whatever she was experiencing would soon pass. He would have to content himself with that. After weeks, the sun finally deigned to shine on Longbourn once more, an event that immediately lifted the spirits of the entire household. They were all determined to make the most of this fine day, with the younger girls finally being allowed to walk to Meryton to visit their friends while Mr. Bingley called on his fiancée at the house before proposing that they all take a stroll outside. As much as she enjoyed Bingley's company, Elizabeth could not help but feel as if she was intruding on the precious time spent between the happy couple and she made her excuses, claiming that she would join her younger sisters in Meryton for some diversion. Jane knew her well enough to be sure that Elizabeth was most likely to wander around the surrounding woods on her own. There was still a tinge of grey in the clouds and Jane warned her sister not to wander too far away. "I fear the sunshine will not favor us for too long today," Jane remarked, "And it looks very much like it will rain again this afternoon." "I think you're right," Elizabeth agreed, "But you must not worry about me. I am well acquainted with these woods and I could not get lost in them even if I tried." "Just be careful, Lizzy," Jane said in concern. "I will," Elizabeth reassured her, before taking her leave to enjoy the sunshine and solitude. The fresh air was rejuvenating, after spending so many days confined to the house, stifled by the lack of activity and exposure. Elizabeth was glad to have some time away from everything, and found, to her delight, that she could even banish her own thoughts as she wandered aimlessly and simply appreciated the glories of nature even just in the countryside. The roads were still wet and slightly muddy, but such circumstances had never deterred Elizabeth from walking. She relished the exercise and the freedom, smiling warmly at the world despite being alone in her wandering. How strange to think that a few hours of sunlight could bring such peace and renewal. At length, despite all her efforts, Elizabeth could not avoid thinking of Darcy. Perhaps it was this terrible weather that had prevented his coming and now that the sun was finally shining and the roads were more passable, he would be making his way at last. The prospect gave cheered her up somehow and she made sure to turn her mind to as many pleasant topics as she could as could only befit the lovely weather. But, as Jane had predicted, the sunshine was not to last and after a few hours, storm clouds filled the sky once more and the rain suddenly fell in torrents. Elizabeth was still some distance from the house the rain had caught her by surprise. She did not dare risk walking all the way back through the storm but she was fortunate that there was a place nearby where she could seek shelter. It was an old shed not far from the house where she had often sought refuge as a child, away from the chaos of the house, where she could simply sit and read a book in peace. It did not take her long to find her old haunt and she was relieved to find it still open. It was a simple, wooden structure, a barely furnished shed with a wooden stool and some hay in the corner. There was no door but the roof didn't leak so it fulfilled Elizabeth's purpose. She decided to stay and wait until the rain slackened and she would be able to make her way home. So, she sat and watched the rain for the next few hours. At length she felt a chill and began to shiver slightly, berating herself for not having brought a shawl with her. The sunshine had been so tempting and she had mistakenly believed that the temperatures would remain favorable. Although her current discomfort remained tolerable, she was concerned that her family, Jane in particular, would be worried about her. Jane would know about the shed but Elizabeth hoped that her sister would not venture out into the storm to find her. Hopefully, her family would give her enough credit to know she would have the good sense to find a safe place while the rain fell. "I suppose this little adventure compensates for the days of drudgery," she mused as she settled in her chair and leaned against the wall of the shed. "I believe I've had more than enough excitement for one day." "Miss Elizabeth!" The sound of her name made her jump and Elizabeth Bennet found herself staring face to face with the person who had occupied her thoughts for the past few months. "Mr. Darcy!" He had appeared seemingly out of nowhere, soaked to the skin and breathless. He looked relieved to have found her and after recovering from her astonishment, she motioned for him to share the small shelter of the shed and he did so gratefully. "What are you doing here?" she asked suddenly, without a care for social convention. The current circumstances surely allowed for some exceptions. "I arrived in Hertfordshire this afternoon," he explained, "I had been due to meet with Bingley much sooner but the abrupt changes in the weather had delayed my journey quite significantly." Elizabeth could not suppress a laugh at this, prompting her companion to look at her curiously. "Forgive me," she said, "But it suddenly occurred to me that you and I always seem to meet in the middle of storms, Mr. Darcy." "So, it seems," Darcy replied with a small smile. "It is curious," Elizabeth added, unable to resist expressing the idea, "I wonder now if this somehow reflects a certain tempestuousness in our interactions." She regretted this immediately, particularly when she noticed her companion's expression turn grave. "I should hope not, Miss Bennet," he said softly, "I know that our last conversation was far from harmonious but it is my intent to remedy that immediately." Elizabeth stared at him and saw in his eyes the intensity of expression with which he would sometimes look at her in Kent and she felt a surge of emotion she could not name. She nodded in response. "You seem to be in the habit of remedying things these days," she remarked with a smile, "I know that I have you to thank for my sister's current felicity." "I simply rectified a grave error I committed," Darcy replied, "And I am happy for both my friend and your sister. I know of no other couple more deserving of happiness." "I heartily agree," said Elizabeth, "And even if you deny any involvement, I am grateful to you nonetheless for bringing them together." Darcy gave a short bow of acknowledgment. "May I inquire after your sister, Mr. Darcy?" Elizabeth said seriously, "I heard from Mr. Bingley that she was ill." "She is fully recovered now, I thank you," Darcy replied gratefully, "The gravity of her condition had been exaggerated somewhat by our concerned housekeeper, but I stayed with her as long as she needed me." "You are a most attentive brother," Elizabeth remarked with admiration. "You're too kind," Darcy replied modestly. "But how did you know I would be here?" Elizabeth asked suddenly. Darcy looked slightly embarrassed before explaining. "You must forgive the impropriety of my seeking you out thus," he began, "I had gone to Longbourn as soon as I arrived but I learned from Miss Bennet that you had gone out walking. She had been quite distressed as you had been gone for some time and I volunteered to search for you. Your sister described this place as a possible refuge so I set out to find it." "And now, you've found me," Elizabeth said softly. "Yes," was all Darcy could say in response. They remained silent, as if listening to the sound of the rain around them. "Miss Elizabeth, I…" "Mr. Darcy, I…" They both paused, embarrassed at having spoken at the same time. Darcy conceded first but Elizabeth was not sure how to proceed so she decided to let him take the lead. "I believe you were interrupted the last time you came to speak to me in the rain," Elizabeth said gently, "I do not think you will be interrupted this time." Darcy stared at her and nodded. He took a deep breath as he prepared for one of the most important moments of his life. "Miss Elizabeth, when I approached you last April, I did so in complete ignorance of what your opinion of me must have been," he began nervously, "But I have since realized that you must have despised me not only for the role I had played in separating Bingley from your sister, but also for the abominable way I had behaved towards you and your family in the early stages of our acquaintance. I have spent months reflecting on they way I had acted, and I have found much to censure." Elizabeth listened to all of this in fascination as Darcy continued his deconstruction of his own character. "I have been a selfish being all my life, in practice, though not in principle," said he, "As a child I was taught what was right, but I was not taught to correct my temper. I was given good principles, but left to follow them in pride and conceit. I had been almost taught to be selfish and overbearing; to care for none beyond my own family circle; to think meanly of all the rest of the world; to wish at least to think meanly of their sense and worth compared with my own. What a fool I have been, a proud, condescending fool! I have truly deserved your dislike." "Mr. Darcy…" was all Elizabeth could say in reply. This was the longest speech he had ever made to her in all their acquaintance and by far, the most open. She was unsure of how to properly respond to his baring of his soul like this. "I came looking for you," he continued, his tone penitent, his expression expectant, "I needed to ask you if, by some chance, you can ever forgive me." Elizabeth stared at him in astonishment, before nodding without hesitation. "Of course," she whispered, "But only if you can forgive me." Darcy looked both relieved and puzzled. "But, Miss Elizabeth, whatever for?" "I will not allow you to take on all the blame when I too have been at fault," Elizabeth explained in earnest, "You are too harsh on yourself, Mr. Darcy, and it is admirable of you not only to admit your flaws but to resolve to change them. I shall endeavour to do the same." She met his gaze resolutely as she continued to speak. "I told you once that I was attempting to make out your character. But I allowed prejudice to govern me and for some time, I did have a rather poor opinion of you. But all of that changed when I saw you in Kent, when I had the honor of witnessing your true character. I knew at once that I had severely misjudged you and that you were kind, generous, and caring. I was completely wrong about you and for that, I must apologize." Darcy shook his head and replied gently, "There is nothing to forgive." "Then, it seems that we can both benefit from this clearer understanding of each other's character," Elizabeth replied with a smile. "So, you do not hate me, then?" Darcy asked uncertainly. Elizabeth would have laughed had his expression not been so grave. "Not at all, Mr. Darcy," she reassured him gently, "Far from it." She blushed as she said this, realizing the implications of such a declaration but she saw Darcy's expression change to one of steely determination. She waited apprehensively for what he would say. "Then, there is one more thing," the gentleman began carefully, his eyes fixed on her, "Your words have given me some hope, and it is only with this hope that I even dare speak to you of what I have come to feel for you for all these months. Miss Elizabeth, you must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you." Elizabeth's blush deepened but she forced herself to return Darcy's gaze. Encouraged by this, the gentleman continued, "And I now humbly ask if you would do me the great honor of accepting my hand." He looked at her expectantly, and Elizabeth found herself at a loss for words. But she already knew her answer, she had known her answer for months. She nodded. "I do accept, Mr. Darcy," Elizabeth said softly, her eyes filling with happy tears, "With all my heart." Instinctively, she extended her hand and he took it in both of his before raising it to his lips. Elizabeth gazed in awe at him, still unable to believe that a moment she had only dreamt of but never dared hope for had actually come to pass. Darcy then looked up at her with such a smile as she had never seen on him before, and she was convinced that she had made the most sensible decision of her life. Darcy raised a hand to tenderly wipe the tears on Elizabeth's face. Slowly, carefully, they leaned forward until their foreheads rested on each other, and they sighed contentedly. At length, they leaned back and after an exchange of meaningful glances, they allowed themselves the luxury of a kiss. They shared a moment of well-deserved peace even as the rain continued to pour around them. -FIN-
