AUTHOR'S NOTES: This tale promises a HEA, but will not be an easy road before we reach that point. Should be about 15 -20 chapters in length. Will try to keep a regular once a week Wednesday posting. No beta presently, so please excuse my typos and errors. Feel free to point out anything that needs improvement. I appreciate and encourage all constructive feedback. If anyone is specifically knowledgable about theatre in Regency England, I would love to pick your brain. Please private message me. DANCING ON HEDGEROWS ROMANCE & MYSTERY PROLOGUE: April 1809 - Covenant Garden, London Fitzwilliam Darcy was not a man in the habit of brooking disappointment. Raised with good principles, but left to follow them in pride and conceit; taught to think highly of his own family, and meanly of the rest of society, he had always assumed on the subject of marriage that he would have his pick. It was only natural and just that he would be an ideal objecT of admiration to any young woman, for he was as uncommonly well-featured as he was well-read, well-off, and most importantly, well-connected. The Darcy family, though untitled themselves, could boast of relations with one of most prominent Earldoms in the country, a more distant cousinship to a very important Dukedom, and ancient lines of no less than royalty. To be summarily thus rejected, as he had just found himself to be, to be thoroughly denied, to be hated, was perhaps more than he could begin to comprehend. It would take many months of reflection and deep introspection before he would begin to see the truth of what unregulated pride had cost him. He had always assumed that any private interview such as this could have only one conclusion; the happy acceptance of his hand to any lucky female he would deign to extend his offer. Now his object stood before him and had rejected him without a second thought. It could not be. "Is this all the reply I am to expect?" He spat, taking in her grim countenance. "I might wonder why with so little an effort at civility I am thus rejected - but I must allow for the differences in our respective stations." The object of his affections, such as they were, had been looking away from him, toward the hearth of the little parlor they shared, but she swiveled in her spot to face him directly. Her words were all that was proper, but her speaking eyes burned with a malice that Darcy had never seen directed toward himself before. She spoke in a tone of rather strained civility. "I am sorry to have occasioned pain to anyone, it was most unconsciously done, and shall, I hope, be of short duration." Darcy paled, grew silent, and stared. In these past several months of sweet torment, the longest winter of his life, the deep ache of longing he felt had slowly consumed him. The way her eyes would meet his across the room, the soft lilt in her voice as they had talked, debating, laughing, dare he say it - flirting, the soft pressure in her hand as she met him in dance … he had never stopped to consider that she had not desired this just as much as he. He was an undeniably eligible match, what woman should not rejoice in so superior an offer as his? He had been assured of his success on that score alone, but he had been sure that there had been more than just material inducement for her. She could not be indifferent to him. It was an insupportable notion, he could not fathom it. He stood away from her, visibly recoiling himself from the sting of her disdain. In a clipped accent he spoke. "You have always been delightfully enigmatic. I find that in an audience such as this, however, I must beg you to speak more plainly. Why have you rejected me? Can I have been so mistaken in recognizing your regard? I do not think it possible for a man of sense." She sighed then, with a heaviness that a young woman of not even one-and-twenty should ever carry. "You have asked me to speak plainly - and so I shall, though it will bring neither of us any pleasure. To be frank, Mr. Darcy, I have never desired your good opinion, and you have certainly bestowed it upon me most unwillingly. In circumstances such as these, it is the usual form to express a certain degree of obligation for the sentiments avowed, no matter how unequally they are returned. Yet I cannot. You have told me you liked me against your pride, your judgment, and even your character! You have insulted me in every possible manner. What pride, what arrogance, what selfish disdain for the feelings of others!" With such strongly stated disapprobation tempers could only rise, even for gentlemen of good breeding. Darcy did not shout, for it was beneath his dignity, but his anger came through very clearly in his address. "Disguise of any sort is my abhorrence. I can not pretend to rejoice in your situation. Who are you, Miss Bernard? Do you think my family will take kindly to my lowering their connections so severely? We would be the derision of society, and yet still I offer for you! I have come before you an honest man in this, my conscious is clear. An actress! You have many admirers, Miss Bernard. Mine is not the only offer you will receive in your lifetime, though it may be the only honorable one." As soon as he words were spoken, Darcy immediately felt his color drain in regret. Though he spoke truthfully, there were many things that should remain unsaid in the presence of a lady, especially the lady you wish to marry. The actress's dark, flashing eyes become suspiciously moist, her cheeks flushed, her pretty, pert lips parted in hurt astonishment. "You have said quite enough, Mr. Darcy. I must bid you good day." "Please, Miss Bernard, forgive me." "I find that I can not, at present." She rang the bell for the footman. An able bodied gentleman, Darcy was quick to cross the length of the room and take her hand in his. "I have loved you these many months past. Please, if you can not accept me, have pity on me and forgive me for abusing you so abominably just this moment. It was not the conduct of a gentleman." "I have made many mistakes in my life, Mr. Darcy." She replied, deftly pulling her hand from his. "More mistakes than I would care to remember, in fact. But I have never allowed myself, my very existence, to be considered one. How can I give up the life I have built for myself for a husband who views his love for me as a degradation? It is an inconceivable feat. You remind me of my station, and the superiority of your own, as if I have no notion of them myself - as if every time I am invited to a dinner or receive a caller, I am not painfully aware of how tenuous my place is in society, and how much my very livelihood depends upon the good opinion of those such as yourself!" She paused then, gathering her composure after such a passionate speech. She could not help but speak with feeling, for it was her life's work, but she knew that her skills as an actress must be deployed to regulate her temper rather than heighten it on an occasion such as this. Though her body pulled from his, her eyes, that had so mesmerized him these past months, could not help but seek his out. Her words were harsh, and yet those speaking eyes held a great deal of pain behind them. "Mr. Darcy, all you have accomplished with the mode of your declaration is spared me any of the pain I might have felt in refusing you, had you behaved in a more gentleman-like manner. Regardless of this insult, to accept your offer there is no debate. It can not be done. I am not at liberty to marry anyone." Finally he bowed, low and mockingly. "Forgive me Madam. You have made your feelings quite clear. I now only have to be ashamed of what my own have been. Clearly you are deserving of all the praise which is delivered to you daily - you truly are the consummate thespian. I had not realized I was simply another player in the saga of winning your affections." The footman arrived, and the actress turned to him with a beguiling smile. "Mr. Darcy's call has come to an end, Michelson. Will you kindly see him safely out?" She curtseyed toward her would-be suitor with all the regal airs of a queen. "Good day, Mr. Darcy. Do try and remember the bard's words, "All the world is a stage," after all." "You are only too correct, Miss Bernard. I hope when the curtain falls on this performance, you may look forward to positive reviews. For myself, I think it is a sorry tale." He bowed and turned toward the footman. "Lucky for me than, that you are my harshest critic. I daresay I hope this performance was at least tolerable for you." He fixed her then, with one long look, rage, disappointment and unrequited affectations all tangled together in a furious knot. Then he was gone. They would not meet again for close to two years from this encounter, and under only the most unusual of circumstances.
September - 1810, Hertfordshire It is a truth universally acknowledged, that single man of good fortune must be in want of a wife. However little known the feelings or views of such a man may be on his first entering a neighborhood, this truth is so well fixed in the minds of the surrounding families, that he is considered as the rightful property of some one or other of their daughters. And so it was for Mrs. Collins of Hertfordshire, who's sharp management of her household knew what an advantage such a thing could be for a family of six living on a very strict income. Her husband, Mr. Collins, had inherited Longbourne Estate through an entailment, the death of the previous owner without male issue resulting in his current rise into landed gentry. He had not grown up as well-off , a miserly and barely literate connection to his genteel cousin, so it was a very strong stroke of good luck for him that Bennet had only managed to father daughters. Being a poor relation with little education meant that the opulence of Longbourne, such as it was, was closely guarded under his avaricious control. He knew full well what it was to do without, and guarded his inheritance fiercely. Any effort to scrimp, save, or generally economize was taken full advantage of. When the estate had fallen under his control half the staff had been cut, and the allowance of those under his care had been reduced to figures so small they hardly signified. Like many marriages, it was the duty of Mrs. Collins to ensure that her husband's exacting standards were met in all ways. She was very much the chatelaine, always on a mission to ensure such tight-fisted stringency with her family, her staff, and her tenants as well. Therefore when the news reached her of a gentleman of means entering the neighborhood, she set forth on a very determined course of action. Netherfield Park had been let at last, to a Mr. Bingley of Yorkshire, unmarried, and worth 4,000 a year at least and it was to the unmarried lady in her house that he would belong to. Longbourne, though a small estate with only a middling income, had been the principal seat of the county for many generations. It had at it's start, been more prosperous, but a few unforgiving winters and weak harvests, combined with poor choices by previous owners in management had lead to it's present state. Mrs. Collins knew that such an estate simply could not afford to keep up maintaining the large family it was beholden to, especially on the allowance provided by her husband. Longbourne currently supported three dependents, and Mr. Collins grew more resentful with each day that they passed under his care. They were not his daughters after all, and their father should have done more for them in his lifetime to see them well situated after his death. Bennet had left his children next to nothing -no dowry worth speaking of, and no skills that could give them useful employment. It was only by the pleading of his wife, and the carefully chosen sermons of Christian charity by the local vicar that he induced him to allow them to stay on. Mrs. Collins was at heart an optimist, but even she realized that her husband's patience would wear thin. The Bennet girls were being to come of marrying age - and it was time to remove them to another man's household. It is not an easy thing, to find husbands for dower-less gentlewoman in as confined and unvarying a society as Hertfordshire, so Mrs. Collins chose to view Bingley's arrival as a much needed boon, his fortune her ultimate and unyielding object. According to Mrs. Collins' plans, the companion of Bingley's future life was to be Mary, the eldest of the girls still under her protection. Although not truly beautiful, Mary was a pretty thing in full bloom of her youth at nineteen. Being a Bennet, she had little to recommend in the way of fortune, but she was by far the most accomplished young woman in the county. She could play, sing, speak French and German, cover screens, embroider cushions, design a menu, budget a household, and to all this was added the great improvement of her mind, through extensive reading. She might have become a blue-stocking prone to moralizing if she had been left to her own devices, for Mary found her greatest comforts in scripture and education; but Mrs. Collins had been adamant in teaching her that godliness was not the only virtue a young lady of insignificant means needed in order to procure a husband or secure a position. Lead by Mrs. Collins example, her manners were cultivated to be everything charming, and although naturally shy, she was known to be well mannered rather than a wallflower. The need for Mary to marry was great indeed. Although she was a gentleman's daughter, Mr. Collins did not intend to allow his charges to reside on charity forever. She had been taught many skills that would make for a decent enough governess, and should she not be married upon reaching her majority, he fully meant to set her on that coarse. The tight-fisted Collins did not allow for any kind of loafing about - even his son from his previous marriage, the heir to Longbourne, had been made to find a living until his turn came to inherit. Master Collins had been ordained the previous spring, and had sought and found a very reasonable living to support him until the care of the estate would fall to his hands. Mrs. Collins took this recent development as a boon as well - one less mouth to feed at Longbourne, a decent living and good connections coming to the family. The news had brought some good humor to her husband, who could not be called an amiable man. Seeing Mary wed would only add to their good fortune, and especially to Mrs. Collins own peace of mind. Though she had learned to guard it well, she had a very tender heart, and she could not abide the thought of any young girl being cast out to make her own way in the world, to starve in the hedgerows, least of all her own dear sister. Securing Mr. Bingley was a necessity to the well being of the family, in Mrs. Collins' eyes. With such an important mission before her, she set off, squaring her shoulders, and entered her husband's study, banishing away the sadness that such a room brought with it, with memories of the previous master of Longbourne. There was no purpose in losing oneself in melancholy when there were such tasks to accomplish. Mr. Collins spoke not a word to his wife as she entered, only looked up from the ledger book with the austere countenance of a humorless man who did not wish to be bothered, and waited for her to speak. "Pray, Mr. Collins, I beg you would forgive my interruption. However reports of a most alarming nature have recently reached me - have you heard, Netherfield Park is let at last?" He said nothing, but the furrowing of his brow told her to continue with haste. She must come to her point before he lost what little patience he possessed. It was never a pleasant thing to incite his ire, and it was easily brought about. "It has been taken by a Mr. Bingley, of Yorkshire, an unmarried man, who brings his sister to keep house for him. As the principal seat in Hertfordshire, it is your duty as the head of this house to call on him, and welcome him to the neighborhood. And you must secure him an invitation to the assembly in a fortnight." "How dare you presume to remind the master of the estate what his duties to his neighbors are, Mrs. Collins? You forget yourself." He gruffly replied, his brow creasing with the beginnings of anger. Sensing his displeasure, his lady immediately sought to sooth him. Having been married nearly seven years, Mrs. Collins knew immediately when to change her tactics. Her husband was rarely in good enough humor to give consequence to the thoughts of a woman, especially her, but when she demurred and flattered he was more ready to listen. Casting her startling blue eyes towards his feet, she willed her flush of angry frustration to transform into a becoming blush, then glancing up at him through thick dark lashes she softened her voice. "I pray you excuse me, husband. You are surely the best of masters and the best of men. I merely seek your urgency in this matter, if you could be so good as to humor me. You must know I am thinking of dear Mary's interests, as well as your own, in securing him for the assembly as soon as may be." "Mary." Collins spat the name like a curse. "It always come back to her, does it not? You take such an eager interest in her concerns." "Oh Mr. Collins," his wife allowed herself to transform his name into a purr, "surely you must know that in looking after her interests, ultimately I am looking after your own. I know that in becoming the master of this estate and my husband you have been placed with many more burdens than should have been yours. Allow me to ease your suffering. With Mary safely married one of your burdens would belong to another man, another family, forever." "Who will wish to marry such a plain, spindly little thing as her?" He asked, though his wife could see the softening of his resolution. "She is headed toward a life of service, I am sure of it." "This could very well be true," she acquiesced, "but before we resign ourselves to such a fate, we must remember what would be most beneficial for Longbourne. Mary's alliance to any man would be of help to us here, but a man of five, or six thousand a year? Now that would be something. It would lead the way for the other girls to make fortunate alliances, once they are out in society. A sister in service would do no such thing, only lower our connections." "Six thousand a year did you say, Mrs. Collins?" The number was enough to turn the miserly man's head though nothing else would. "Perhaps it would be best to make this Bingley's acquaintance with haste. After all, it would not due for those Lucas's to forget their place once more. Longbourne is the head of the society here, and I am the head of Longbourne." Here Mrs. Collins saw her husband began to build himself up with pride, and she encouraged this conceit to the best of her abilities. "All you need to do is call upon him, my dear husband." Mrs. Collins replied, taking his weathered hands in her own soft pink ones and throwing him her most dazzling smile, "Call upon him, secure him for the assembly, and you may leave the rest of it to me." "Perhaps it would be best if I chaperone Mary, in your stead. It would not due for Mr. Bingley to make your acquaintance so soon. You are five times as lovely as any of the insipid creatures in this county, Mrs. Collins. Mr. Bingley may decide that he likes you best of all." He gazed up at her, half transfixed in lust by the beauty of such a smile, the other half filling with only the jealously an old man can feel when beholding his young, nubile, and stunningly handsome wife. "Oh husband!" She cried with a laugh, kissing his hand, "How you do run on! Certainly come if you are so inclined, it is my greatest pleasure to have your company at such events, however, I know how you dislike the activity so. It is only my wish to spare you such a tedious evening." And pulling herself away, she curtsied with a practiced manner of flirtation, excusing herself from the room before her husband began to fill his head with jealous and lustful notions. Her object for the morning had been satisfied, and Jane Collins, once Bennet, had much planning to do. —- In a small, comfortable room some many miles away in Town, a young woman fingered the delicate petals of rose blossoms that had been gifted to her with a wistful smile. There were many such arrangements crowding the space, filling the whole room with a heady, intoxicating scent. Admirers and patrons, men and women alike, were always sure to curry her favor, just as she was to curry theirs with wit and conversation at any opportunity. Some merely dropped a pretty line, a compliment for an ego already self-satisfied with her own talent, others elaborate displays to parade their own wealth and ostentation…a pack of peacocks fanning their feathers in competition. Yet the simple arrangement of six red roses, wrapped in a black ribbon overshadowed anything else. The note that accompanied read simply: Little dove - Though I am sure that today congratulations are in order for your masterful success, I do not forget to give you my sympathies as well. -Forelli If the recipient of such a note had to blink away a few tears at the reading of it, there were none to witness. In the whirlwind of activity that had lead to this night, the months of hard work and anticipation as she finally, finally took to the boards in the role she had long coveted…it had been easy to overlook this year what so many past had been impossible to ignore…the anniversary of her dear father's death. But he, darling man!, had remembered, despite everything else. He was always thinking of her, taking care of her even when she did not realize it was needed or necessary. What a balm he was to her troubled spirits whenever she was low, what a source of comfort and voice of reason! She thanked God nightly for placing the gentle Italian in her life when she had needed him most. Their meeting had been unconventional to say the least. She was little more than a child when she had first come to Town, to stay some months with her Aunt and Uncle after Father had passed. Her family was in trade, a profitable line that meant the pair often rubbed elbows with an eclectic mix of London society, lords and ladies, the working class, and the strange set that somehow fell in-between…artists. Benito Forelli was a rather famous portrait artist that had been brought from Italy to England when mad King George had been in rather a better state of mind, and finding the strange city to his liking, he had decided to stay indefinitely. It helped as well, that the English aristocracy paid rather well for portrait work of supreme quality. It was happenstance chance that brought him to her Uncle's warehouse on the same day and at the same time that she and her Aunt had stopped in while making social calls. He had been seeking a bolt of fabric with the proper degree of sheen to reflect the light exactly as he wished it for his most recent commission, and had been recommended to her Uncle by a mutual acquaintance. It was her laugh that had initially caught his attention and caused him to turn his head, but when he met her eyes, he was lost. Immediately upon seeing her, he had stomped over and grabbed her hand bowing over it furiously. "Come please, little girl, come and sit. I must sketch you. Your eyes are unlike any I have ever seen." His accent had been very thick then. Rather affronted at such a poor display of manners, her Aunt had stepped in swiftly. The two had argued, Uncle had soon been located and brought into the discussion, and soon it was decided amongst the adults that she would sit for him for two hours to sketch, while her Aunt completed her morning calls. She had not been overly keen at the notion of leaving her young niece in the care of a foreign gentleman she was entirely unfamiliar with, but only agreed when pressed with the weight of what a compliment from such a distinguished gentleman could mean for the business - and when a suitable chaperone could be acquired. One of the older ladies who worked in embroideries was brought in to chaperone the sitting, and off she had went, albeit it a trifle reluctantly. At the beginning of their make-shift session in Uncle's office, Forelli had been at first delighted, and then grew increasingly frustrated as the time passed. He had muttered under his breath as he worked, crumbling pages from his sketch book and dropping them to the floor in his agitation. Without looking up from the page, he finally snapped. "Why do you stare so?" Her quizzical looks had burned through him. "Why do you mutter so?" She shot back, innocent and wholly confident. Forelli had sighed heavily, "I had thought it would be a simple study, to capture such fine eyes. But I can not make them out. Child - what are you? Are you angry, or sad, or are you laughing at me? Each time I look up from the page your look has changed entirely." "I had not realized," she had "that human nature was so simplified by an artist's hand. Have you never laughed when you are afraid, or smiled through your tears? I will not explain my heart to you, sir, a stranger." She had hardly been able to believe her impertinence as the words came tumbling out of her mouth. Father had always encouraged her quickness of mind, but she had better manners than to speak such a way to an adult, a stranger, her Uncle's client, and a respected member of society. If her mother had been able to witness such a display! Forelli, however, did not appear affronted. He had merely looked up once again from his sketch pad…and this time he smiled in understanding. "You speak your opinions very decidedly for so young a person." She opened her mouth to apologize, but he held up a hand. "Please Miss, I find it refreshing." And suddenly his head had been bent down, back to work again. No more drawings were discarded until the end of their time together. They had not met again for another year entire after this encounter, but it was one that neither the artist nor the girl could forget. Such boldness in one so young, such fire and passion in a delicate English rose, hardly blossomed, consumed and inspired him. What a juxtaposition to see a girl hardly more than a child, speak with such eloquence, to have such an expression of innocence and knowing too much of the world all at once! She had, unwittingly, become his muse, and his creative mind was sparked with a flame that would soon grow into a fire. She on the other hand, had simply marked it as one of the most singular afternoons in her young life, and turned it into an anecdote she shared with relish. They had no notion then, of ever meeting again…but fate had intervened in a matter as unusual as their initial meeting. Now, some six years later, the pair were as close as any parent and child could be, for all that they had adopted one another. She sighed, pulling the simple arrangement up to her face and inhaling deeply. At this point, he simply knew her too well. Roses were always a reminder of home, of the quiet country life she had left behind to seek her independence. Mama had kept quite a garden through the spring and summer, that made it's impact by the virtues of both use and beauty. There were many beautiful bouquets decorating her small sanctuary, and while she appreciated the exotic novelty of hot house flowers, at the end of the day, there was nothing quite like a simple English garden. For all that she relished in the life she had made for herself here, the recesses of her heart still longed for the rolling hills of the place she had called home in another, faraway, life. However, she was not of a constitution made for melancholy. The wit of her most beloved father had been his parting gift to her, a daily reminder of the life she had left behind, but her greatest source of strength. She tried to remember the past only as it's remembrance brought her pleasure, and to discard the darker days to make room for new, happier memories. Tonight was such a night -and father, if he could have been with her now, would have such sport to make of the throng of adoring fans who awaited her! A knock sounded on the door, and her manager, dear Mr. Thompson, called out her. "Adelaide, my dear, are you ready? It is time to wow the masses once more." "Yes, yes, I am coming presently. Just one moment, if you would." She called back, splashing some cool water in her face and pinching her cheeks. "Make haste, I beg you!" His was rapidly loosing patience with every passing moment, "Lord and Lady Matlock have waited a quarter hour already to attend you, and you know they are one of the greatest patrons of the arts in this city! You would do best to curb your wild impertinence for an evening! This is one favor we must curry above all!" His speech would have continued then, gaining in alacrity if not for her appearance at the door way. Thompson was immediately stopped in his tracks, though he had known her many years now, her edifice still managed to strike him dumb. She was not a beautiful girl in any of the classic sense of the word but she cut an undeniably striking figure. In a modest, pale green evening gown of good quality, with silver plated, pearl encrusted combs containing her dark, wild, curls, she looked every bit the part of a lady. It was exactly the costume of the young lady who Mr. Thompson hoped to introduce, elegant, poised, and undeniably genteel. Yet for all her finery and perfect comportment, there was a sense of danger that hung about her, mysterious and intoxicating to all those who were so fortunate as to make her acquaintance. Her features were cut in the strongest of cloth, and immediately made her stand out in a room of soft, delicate creatures. Her figure, was light, pleasing, and decidedly feminine in it's form but it was as always, undoubtedly, her eyes that captivated. Evenly placed on either side of rather long, thin nose, and framed by a bevy of thick, dark lashes her eyes at first appeared as a rather ordinary set of brown - but as you examined more closely, they began to come alive. What an explosion of colors awaited you, should you seek them out, from the deepest green, to grey, honey gold and back to a rich earth brown once more…what intelligence, what passion, what pain could be discerned within them! She was visceral, raw, and the most complex young woman Thompson had ever met. He had known the moment Forelli had introduced him that here was woman who could capture London with the force of her charm alone. His instincts had been right. Adelaide Bernard was a sensation. A sensation that one of the greatest patrons of the arts in the country was now eager to meet. Adelaide was not one who found herself to be overly impressed by aristocracy. The education of her youth by her father's knee had taught her to make sport of her fellow man, and allow others to laugh at her in their turn. Every person had their idiosyncrasies and foibles, no matter their elevation of rank. Yet on this evening, she found herself leaning on Thompson's arm ever-so slightly more than her usual wont. These were his relations. It had been almost two years since their last fateful meeting, but Adelaide had never forgotten Fitzwilliam's passionate regard, or his insulting proposal. Now she would be introduced to people worth impressing, an acquaintance that could materially help her career. Yet she would supplicant herself to no one - she had been a beggar once in her life and would never do so again. She wondered what they had heard of her -surely the gossip rags had plenty to say, but had he? She took a fortifying breath and allowed herself to be lead by her manager. The pair passed through the general thong of theatre goers who still milled about after the show, awaiting their carriages and hoping to see and be seen. Courtesies and nods were given to the general populace, as well as charming smiles, but it was made very clear that Miss Bernard had an important guest awaiting her and unfortunately no time to spare for her admirers. Finally they arrived at the private -sitting room, where the theatre owner, Sir Gregory, entertained his guests of important. "Ah, Miss Bernard, Mr. Thompson how good of you to join us!" Sir Gregory began, the smile on his weather worn face positively glowing as he stood. "Allow me to make the introductions." He indicated to the elegantly appointed couple in room, clearly the earl of Matlock and the countess. "Lord Fitzwilliam, Lady Eleanor, it is my very great pleasure to present The Royal Covenant Garden's blooming young star, Miss Adelaide Bernard, and the brilliant man who discovered her, Mr. Harold Thompson." Addressing Adelaide and Thompson, he continued, saying, "Mr. Thompson, Miss Bernard, it is my privilege and honor to present Lord Fitzwilliam, Earl of Matlock, and his elegant wife, Lady Eleanor Fitzwilliam, two of the greatest patrons of the arts in our great country." Adelaide felt the assessing eyes of Lord and Lady cast upon her and immediately felt her nerves dissipating. Her courage always rose with every attempt to intimidate her. She smiled charmingly, and began her courtship of two of the most influential people in the kingdom. Let Fitzwilliam Darcy say what he wanted about her - he had been right in one respect at least that fateful day, she was the consummate thespian. She would win them, as she had so many before them.
AUTHOR'S NOTES: THANK YOU, THANK YOU! I am overwhelmed by the response this story has received so far, 20 reviews and a ridiculous amount of follows. I'm very flattered. A few questions have been raised in the reviews, some of them will be answered in the text of the story, but a few things will be clear up now. Mr. Bennet died in 1804, Jane was 15, Lizzy 13, Mary 10, Kitty 8, Lydia 6. Jane and Mr. Collins are married after a six month mourning period, making Jane 16 and Collins 49 at the time of their marriage. A disturbing image, I know, but a large family like the Bennet sisters with very little money and no well-off relations to help support the sisters meant either accept the offer or split up the sisters and have their status in life materially diminish. Neither the Phillips or the Gardiners are pleased to see this happen for Jane, but there was little other recourse than marriage for the protection of young women in the day and age we are working with in. This subject will be touched on in many ways throughout the story line. As far as the younger Collins being married off to Mary as an easy solution - this is a valid point that totally slipped my mind as a possibility. I already have a plotted course for Mary and will work that into the context of the of her story...to me, Collins' principal motivation in this story is greed, I imagine having already "done well" by the Bennet family by marrying one of their daughters and continuing to support the others, he considers his obligation to that family fulfilled. Here is the next chapter of our journey, please continue to review - your thoughts are welcome, your assessing eye for grammar and typos appreciated, and your readership is valued. Adelaide sighed as soon as the door shut on the great members of society who had deigned to call upon her this afternoon. Tuesday was her to day to be at-home to callers, and it was always the day of the week she dreaded the most. For all her society airs, she was, in her heart, quite the country girl. The crowded drawing room full of admirers and enemies alike was stifling. When she made calls, she could choose to partake in company only she enjoyed, but here she must suffer those it was deemed necessary by the men in her life to cultivate. Being the muse of such a renowned artist as Forelli had always meant company was in strong supply, even before her stage debut. He had been her entranceway to this society, for good or for ill. When his painting, Il Riso Venere, The Laughing Venus had been presented five years prior, the curiosity about the beguiling creature representing the goddess had made her an object of interest. Now that her career had launched, there could be no denying the popularity of Miss Bernard's at-homes. It had undeniably become a place to see and be-seen. She credited herself on keeping an excellent table - she had been raised by a country mother who prided herself in her hospitality, and so Adelaide's refreshments were always of the highest quality. The conversation was always stimulating, for with such regular fixtures as Forelli and dear Thompson the world of art always remained a central topic of discourse. Yet for all the good food and good conversation, Miss Bernard felt herself just as much on the stage in her drawing room as she did on Covent Garden. Only dear Forelli ever seemed to sense her exhaustion at the end of these excursions. He smiled at her now, his liquid black eyes sparkling in sympathetic amusement. "Ah, my dear girl, at last you are free from the maddening crowd once again." She laughed aloud, a pleasant, almost melodic sound, and sank down into the plush settee without any worry as to the grace of her action. "What I would give for a long walk in a little piece of wilderness - where no one knew me or wanted to talk about Hamlet for one more god-forsaken time." "Yes," He replied, his accent giving a more pleasant cadence to dismissive words, "what a tiresome thing it is, to be admired. Is it not the right of an artist to despised in their day, and only appreciated once they have gone to dust? How inconvenient that we should have to suffer the indignities of success and respect together!" The young woman made no attempt to conceal the roll of her eyes. "Once again, my dear friend, you bring me to task over my insolence. Indeed, being admired is our bread and butter. I should not resent the niceties of such a life. I have very much so chosen this path, and I do not regret it. Yet I can not help but be utterly exhausted by such an afternoon! To please and be pleased for seemingly endless hours, it is quite exhausting." "We are courtesans you and I, for our purpose to others is to bring them endless pleasure, nothing more or less. Art is the greatest piece of whoring that was ever done by mankind. We make them feel, whether it be boundless joy or impossible despair. We live to serve, to bring this emotion out in others." "You are as correct as always, Maestro. I am a whore of feeling. That is much too true." Forelli could not help but notice the distant look that entered her fine eyes with such a statement. They were feeling eyes, and often told more of his young charge's troubled past than she would have him know. Forelli knew more of her real self than anyone else in her acquaintance, yet he often felt as if he had barely scratched the surface of her mystery. It had been that pain she held so closely to her breast, that mystery that had so-consumed his own artistic drive. It was more than the loss of her beloved parents, more than the separation from her childhood home and family. She was virtuous, yet not innocent. What had befell her before he had come to know her? When he had first encountered her, the budding English rose, the depth of her feeling had arrested him. She had been an unwilling subject then, exasperated to sit so still, but he had needed to take such emotion down with his pencil. Her guardians had been wary, but properly chaperoned could have no cause to repine. After that afternoon in the warehouse, her character had captured his imagination and unwittingly become his muse. So young, but with such wisdom and feeling! It was a rare commodity to be sure. He hadn't thought to ever see the girl again, but she had found him, had turned up on his door step and put herself in his protection some six years prior. Forelli prided himself that he had done well by a young girl, unprotected and friendless, by taking her in. He had educated her, clothed her, dressed her, painted her, and given her a path to independence. She was by no means a melancholy creature, constantly caught in her sorrow, yet there was dark and haunting air that seemed to cling to her. It was a heady, intoxicating power that she unwittingly possessed, for though she laughed freely and often, she was a tragic creature all the same. People were drawn to her. It was what had given her such monumental success on the stage. She was talented and industrious, always seeking to hone her craft, but her haunting essence was the key to her budding fame. Forelli was sure that one day he would uncover the whole of Adelaide's past. She could not carry all of her history with her forever. He also knew that today was not the day to pry. One day, Forelli was sure she would reveal the entire sad tale to him. It would happen in her own time. Gently, he met her eyes and said, "You should take this opportunity to rest, little dove. Tonight we dine with the Matlocks, and we must have all our wits about us when put on such a display." She laughed ruefully, a single brow arching in amusement. "This shall be the most important performance of my lifetime, of that I am absolutely certain." He tipped his graying head toward her in a mocking salute, "Prepare the armory, tonight we go into battle." vVvVvVvVvV Mrs. Collins sat in her drawing room paying little mind to the company she kept. Lady Lucas had been a great friend of her mother, but Jane did not consider herself to be on intimate terms with the elder woman. It was for her daughter, Charlotte, that Mrs. Collins kept the acquaintance with the same intimacy that had been her mother's. Miss Lucas was a dear friend indeed, not just to Jane, but to Mary as well…and very kind to the younger girls, when they were at home. Charlotte was a wonderful companion, lively enough when called for, but perhaps the most sensible young woman Jane had ever had the pleasure of meeting. The logical order of her mind was often able to sort through the tangle's of Jane's own troubles when discordant thoughts led her astray. If her mother was a preening, gossiping old biddy, Jane would tolerate it with a smile for Charlotte's company. Lady Lucas was prone to prattling, and Mrs. Collins only need smile and make inconsequential comments when appropriate. The subject that dominated the conversation was, of course, the assembly ball that had been held the previous evening. Lady Lucas was in her glory. Her daughters, sensible Charlotte, and the rather more feather-headed Maria, had done very well for themselves. They had each stood up with the new comer, Mr. Bingley, and Charlotte in particular had been sought out for conversation with the two sisters that had accompanied him. Privately, Jane thought that her charge had done better for herself. Mary had her own set with the dashing Mr. Bingley, and he seemed well pleased with her, but her greatest feat was the conversation she had held with the formidable Mr. Darcy, his friend! If Mrs. Collins considered Bingley to be a boon of good tidings to the neighborhood, that he had brought with him a single gentleman more than twice his worth could be considered nothing short of a miracle. It was rumored that Darcy owned half of Derbyshire, and while his manners held nothing to recommend him, she was determined to think well of him for Mary's sake. A small, teasing voice in the back of her mind supposed that he must be the owner of the miserable half, for he had the most dour expression through the course of the evening; but she laughed off those suppositions with a rueful smile. Mrs. Collins had not been the wit of the Bennet sisters, that gift had belonged to one of her younger sisters, and ever since she had left the household, the occasional reminder of her humor would pervade Jane's thoughts. No, Jane was determined to think well of the gentlemen, especially on so short of an acquaintance. She interrupted Lady Lucas' self-congratulatory monologue with a question directed toward Mary, who had so far been rather quietly reworking a bonnet. "Sadly, Mr. Darcy did not seem to have the same happy, obliging manners of his friend, or the eager feet for dancing. He did however, spend the whole course of a set in conversation with you, Mary, and I don't believe I saw him speak much more than two words strung together to anyone else outside of his own party. Whatever did you speak of?" Mary's head was bent over a particularly difficult bit of stitching, and she did not look away from her work as she responded. "In truth, Mrs. Collins, I would hardly call it a conversation so much as an interrogation. Mr. Darcy asked me many questions about the area, the families here, and our own situation, but I can not say that I learned anything at all about him. I was able to speak with Mr. Bingley much less during our set than I did with Mr. Darcy, yet I was much more able to begin a sketch of his character than of his friend." Charlotte took this moment to intercede with her own thoughts. "Mr. Darcy is certainly a distinguished gentleman, clearly from the first circles. From my own view, he seemed less proud than some assumed, and much more uncomfortable. It must be an awkward thing indeed, to walk into a room full of strangers, who then begin bandying about your name and your worth before you have even had the pleasure of being introduced! I would shudder to be put on such a display." Lady Lucas smiled at her daughter indulgently. "My dear Charlotte is always so level-headed about these things! It would not due to pass judgment too soon, though he did seem a proud, disagreeable man. Perhaps he was in an ill-humor or feeling poorly after his journey. We must press on in our civility and show him that the society here in Hertfordshire is just as well cultivated as the first circles!" "Very well put, Lady Lucas." Mary replied, head bent and working with a steadfast vigor. " As the good book says, 'Be not forgetful to entertain strangers: for thereby some have entertained angels unawares.' It is not only a sign of good breeding to treat our new neighbors with respect, but a soundly Christian principle." Only a sharp observer would be able to detect the slight narrowing in Mrs. Collins' eyes as she watched her sister. On the surface, the very pretty display of serene domesticity she presented did not falter. Yet Jane had learned to observe people closely in her confined and unvarying society. It was a method of survival in a an unkind world which did little to shelter soft-hearted dreamers like her from the harsh realities of life. It had taken long years to craft and hone such a talent, but now Mrs. Collins was very adept at reading people, perhaps her greatest accomplishment. She often used this skill to adroitly avoid her husband's ill tempers, of which he had many, or to put the company of those around her at ease. Today she turned those same attentions on Mary, who knowing her sister best, would not look at her. The younger girl was hiding something, Jane was absolutely certain. But what could it be and why must it remain hidden were the real questions she needed to answer. Blithely, Jane pressed on, determined to make her point. "Perhaps reserved is the best description we have for the mysterious Mr. Darcy so far! He was not one for idle-chit chat, and yet he did spend the better part of half an hour in your company, my dear. It is a remarkable thing indeed, to be so singled out by such a taciturn man." The faintest beginnings of a blush began to tinge Mary's cheeks with such a remark. Taking pity on her, Charlotte laughingly interjected into the conversation before she could reply. "We ladies may pride ourselves on our good sense, but it must be owned - a lady's imagination is a very rapid thing. It goes from notice to admiration, and admiration to love in the course of a day's acquaintance. Let us leave poor Mr. Darcy be, as he is to be in residence with us for some months, at least as I was told by Mr. Bingley." "Do not despair, my dear Mrs. Collins." Lady Lucas added, patting Jane's hand with a smile, "We will have our chance to come to know the Netherfield party better soon enough! Sir William and I are to give a party at Lucas Lodge in a fortnight, and you are all invited!" "These are glad tidings indeed!" Was the courteous response. The tête-à-tête continued in a similar vain for some minutes. The lace of Mrs. Hurst's, Mr. Bingley's married sister, gown was much admired, as was the plumage of Miss Bingley's headdress. Mr. William Collins, Jane's adult step-son, was politely asked after, and so on the conversation generally went, as morning calls are so often wont to do. It was only moments before the ladies of Lucas Lodge were about to return home that the master of Longbourne returned home from a morning of riding the estate. Longbourne had not employed a steward in many years, well before Henry Collins had gained his inheritance. And so it was that he dealt with all his tenants directly, with little understanding or compassion for the tribulations of farm life. Michaelmas had been past a week, and still his tenant had not finished pulling in his crop, nor paid his rent. Collins was always eager to be paid his due, and had gone to sort the matter to his satisfaction. The incident had been resolved in a manner satisfactory to no one but himself, for he had extracted his rent at a great cost to the family. He was extraordinarily pleased with himself, and returned to the manor house in excellent spirits. Not the most expressive gentleman in tone or countenance, often times these bouts of extreme good humor could be detected by little other than a marked difference in his gait. On this warm autumn morning, there was decided purpose to his stride as he crossed Longbourne's threshold, great coat already in hand. Broad shoulders set back and high, back erect, his weathered head sat upon his neck with all the regality of a king enthroned. A thin, sheen layer of perspiration from the morning's exertion highlighted the deep creases in his brow and the crow's feat of his eyes, and then slanted down across the broad, flat planes of his face to thin lips perpetually resting in a grim line. He was not an altogether unattractive prospect, even for a man more than 6 and fifty. Mrs. Collins' eyes turned to take in the sight of her husband as he crossed into the room to bid the callers good morning. She felt a weight lift from her as she met his eyes, for though they did not twinkle, there was a steely, excited, brightness to their look, as if suddenly the Master of Longhorn had achieved a new degree of awareness of his surroundings. He was awake, truly awake. In this light, she tried to view her husband as an attractive subject, and could make herself begin to see him as such, for a moment. It was a fleeting feeling, but in the morning light, as he stood at that moment, raised up proud at his full height, filling the drawing room doorway with the impressive frame of a large man who had known labor most of his life, she could view him more charitably. He had certainly been considered handsome once, and considered still so by other women, but his humorless temperament always ensured he showed himself in his least attractive attitude possible to Jane. It was not an ugly face, Mrs. Collins would often concede to herself, but it was not a face that had seen any laughter, it was not a kind face at all. Try as she might, Jane's soft heart struggled to respect or love a husband with such little gentleness in him. She had been a grief stricken child when they wed, with no mother to turn to for comfort, support, or education on her wedding night. Jane had sought protection from the harsh realities she had been violently accosted with in life, by the passing of both her parents within the course of a few short years. She had agreed to marry Longbourne's heir because she wanted a father to guide her, and her sisters….her husband had very different expectations of what such a relationship should entail….and as her husband, he was well within the rights to do with her as he pleased. The early days of married life had not been easy on sweet Jane. There had been many abrupt and drastic changes made to her life so rapidly, that at first she had hardly been able to keep apace with all the new feelings they entailed. Jane was the eldest of five sisters, and now she was the leader of four orphans, who had only each other to cling to. She did not have the time for grief or self-reflection, she was far too busy running a house and tending to a new husband for that. She had been a soft but steady girl growing up, known since child hood for her good natured temper. Few would have looked at her, including her own parents, as a pillar of strength, for she was truly a docile creature, but Jane became the backbone of the Bennet orphans. It was with a very rapid pace that she adapted to married life. She learned swiftly that her husband had all the power in the house, and took great pleasure in wielding that power. He was her lord and master at Longbourne estate, and the better of a wife she was, the more she saw to his comfort, and made his comfort her life's study, the better things were at Longbourne, for herself and her sisters. For their sake and safety, Jane found she could abide most anything. Almost a decade of marriage had given Jane ample time to study the art of being the perfect wife. She had molded herself into the image he desired, but her soft, rebel heart refused to mold itself as well. She could not love her husband, though bound by God to do so, but in all other vows she was wholly obedient. But as she had shaped herself to his exacting standards, she had also learned him inside and out, and knew him perhaps better than he did himself. She could observe and interpret even the slightest tick on the otherwise blank canvass of his expression. As he shaped her, she learned to play him, how to increase his pleasure in any matter, how to address his ego, how to supplicant herself to his need for superiority, all to her advantage. He was a strong, hard-hearted man, yet somehow his wife always seemed to have her way. With marriage, Jane had also learned that she was a beautiful woman. Her mother and father had always said she was a remarkably beautiful young girl, indeed everyone had remarked on the honey and milk pot Jane with her cornflower eyes, but to become a wife was to learn what power there was to be had in the beauty she had been gifted with. It did not take long for Jane to fully realize the full depth of her husband's appreciation of that beauty and it's charms. She was a dutiful wife in all ways, and learned married relations went a long way to soften her stern husband's attitude. For her sisters, Jane found she could abide most anything, and she used the little power she had to her best advantage. Seeing him stand so proudly, Jane knew quickly to work on him and push this good humor as much as she could. "Good day to you, my dear husband. Join us, please." She smiled at him warmly, and rose out of the lovely wingback next to the hearth, indicating that he should sit down, as she lowered herself onto the lesser foot stool next to it. Her tone was soft and submissive, the obedient wife. Looking up at him through her lashes, she allowed his gaze to sweep her person, as she knew it would. When she met his eyes, he crossed the room, taking his preferred seat with a smug satisfaction written deep within their grey depths. He was pleased indeed, and Jane thought that in such a moment he would be very likely to give consent to the Lucas's party. It was always an unknown question whether Mr. Collins would be in the humor to tolerate large social gatherings, and if he chose to abstain, it was expected of his wife and sister to do so as well. Jane was very determined to get to Lucas Lodge. With the members of Netherfield's party having accepted the invitation, it would be the most likely chance for Mary to encounter either of the gentlemen again soon. Only frequent company could enhance the likelihood of either one from forming an attachment with her. Mrs. Collins was well aware that she was in control of no one's heart, being so incapable of making her own compliant, but she would do her best to move things to ideal conditions for courtships to form. For Mary's sake it was the least she could do - she had not given up her own youth so rapidly so that her sisters would give up theirs in service. "Tell me, Sir, have the activities of your morning been met with success?" She inquired of him gently. "Indeed they have, Mrs. Collins." He replied, his gruff voice and his northern accent harsh in the sunny parlor. "I do not believe any more complaints shall arise from that quarter." "I am so glad to hear that, my dear." She demurred. Turning to the visitors she continued, "The ladies of Lucas Lodge have come to congress over the events of previous evening, as we women are ever eager to do. They have also issued us an invitation." The last remark she addressed toward Lady Lucas, who, ever eager to have her say in a conversation, immediately issued a rejoinder. If she seemed to preen as she spoke to the Master of Longbourne, the Mistress did not care to notice. Her husband was not a young man, but he was certainly a handsome one, and many women, maid and matrons alike, were often discomposed or intimidated when speaking to him. She looked toward him as the invitation was issued, and heard his polite but noncommittal reply. If he had a mind to do it, he would have outwardly declined, so the chances that he would acquiesce on the subject seemed favorable to Jane. His eyes met hers as he gave his answer, and though his face remained neutral throughout, Jane understood the situation for what it was quite immediately. Though he fully intended to grant her favor, the lord and master of Longbourne desired that his wife earn such considerations from her husband. He was in good spirits and prepared to be quite generous, but he expected to be rewarded for such magnanimity. After the polite time for a morning call had passed, and the Lucas's had taken their leave, Jane turned to Mary, diligent with her stitching and said firmly, "Mary. Please go see to it that everything is in order for the dinner this evening, and then practice your new pieces for the party at Lucas Lodge. We have new company to impress with your talents." Mary stood without a response, curtsied briefly to her guardian, and slipped out of the room. The door closed and Mrs. Collins felt her husband rise, the air in the room growing very tense. Mr. Collins bouts of extreme good humor could turn very rapidly to volatile anger. Jane had become an expert in tending to the flames of his personality, but when playing with fire it was very easy to be burnt. Every time she played this game with her husband, she knew she took a gamble, but Jane did it all the same. He took her hand in his, and in his deep, solemn voice said, "I am very pleased with you, Mrs. Collins." His lips turned somewhat upward at the corners, in the dark mockery of a smile. "Very pleased indeed." Jane met his grey eyes through dark lashes and smiled sweetly at him. For her sisters sake, she could abide most anything. And so to Lucas Lodge, they would go.
Author's Notes: Well, I honestly don't have an excuse for why I abandoned this story. I guess life got in my way a bit in 2016 and then I didn't have a working computer for the majority of 2017. I still have a very clear vision for where I'm taking this story, and I intend to finish it. I will not make any update promises that I can't honestly keep. Thank you so much for all the interest this story has received so far, your support has meant the world. I just can't help but love to play with these characters and examine them and it's so nice to have a community that's equally as fascinated with ODC. Please continue leaving your constructive criticism. It is greatly appreciated. And finally, Chapter 3 PS: I don't have a beta Some three or four miles down a country lane from Longbourne sat the house of Netherfield Park. It had once been the seat of a prominent family in the area, who's residence in the neighborhood had almost been as enduring as the Bennets'. However two generations prior, the young heir of the family had met with ill consequences while traveling from Hertfordshire to London and died without issue of his own. The property was willed to his young wife who gladly allowed the management of the estate to be in the control of her father. The original family of Netherfield continued to reside their until their deaths and it had subsequently been lent out since their passing. It was an undeniably handsome estate, and kept in good repair by the owners with the aid of a stalwart steward and house keeper. An easy distance from London, fashionably appointed, and with a manageable amount of fruitful lands it was the ideal estate where an untried young man of six and twenty might try his hand at the life of a gentleman farmer. Certainly, that was what Charles Bingley had thought when he leased the place. An easy going man, Charles was the sort of person inclined to being pleased under all circumstances in which he could be and then forgiving on those sad and rare occasion where he must not. No simpleton, Bingley had received a gentleman's education and complimented his learning with his bright, curious nature and sharp mind. However there were those among his acquaintance who felt that they must provide him with a prodigious deal of care, for his optimistic disposition was such as to always look for the best in everyone and everything, and this could sometimes lead to trouble. It was this very care that brought Fitzwilliam Darcy of Derbyshire to the rolling hills of Hertfordshire. Darcy was far from hard hearted, but naturally reticent and inherently suspicious of strangers from a life time of study. He had been raised in a small, unvarying society of those relations and special friends considered worthy of the Darcy association. His only sibling was a younger sister, twelve years his junior and so he was often left to his own devices as a young man. The friendship between Darcy and Bingley was a strong and true bond. Bingley lightened Darcy and forced Darcy to expand his understanding of society, Darcy's level head and strong personality helped to keep Bingley steady and purposeful in his activities. It had only been natural that when considering an estate to lease and perhaps purchase that Darcy, almost six years into his role as master of a grand estate, would be by his friend's side for such an endeavor. One friend naturally inclined to be pleased, while the other suspicious had lent itself to some rather varied opinions of their stay in the county thus far. They had been in the neighborhood almost a fortnight, and begun receiving callers almost as long ago as that. Bingley was greatly heartened by out pouring of welcome to the new community, Darcy wondered how precipitous such a welcome might have been had the new tenant been a family rather than wealthy bachelor and his more wealthy and equally unattached friend. Invitations to the upcoming assembly had been readily offered, not two full days after settling in the manor house. Regrettably, in Darcy's opinion, Bingley had accepted the invitations as speedily as they had been issued. Fitzwilliam Darcy had expected the country assembly to be a tedious waste of an evening, as so many of them seemed to be. The cacophony of music and chatter filling the hall did not lend itself to much sensible conversation, and the taciturn Darcy found little to say in the course of a set. He despised standing up for a dance unless he was particularly acquainted with his partner. An assembly such as this one, in which he and his friends were to the be objects of the entire community's curiosity was an intolerable prospect. The night had begun exactly as he had imagined it, the stares upon their arrival, the whispers that ripped through the room like wildfire, the fawning mothers and preening daughters. However, the night had taken an unexpected turn just past the first hour. They were introduced at last to the Collins family, the reported beauties of the county. Longbourne being the principal seat of the area they had already exchanged calls with the head of the family, but Mr. Collins had not seen fit to introduce his wife or charge to the gentlemen. They had heard many rumors of the ladies, little morsels of information from this new acquaintance or that. Mrs. Collins was said to be formally Miss Jane Bennet of Longbourne, the eldest of several sisters to an estate entailed away from the female line. It seemed that the youngest of the girls had been sent away to school upon her marrying the heir to the estate, and the older sisters remained in the house under Mr. Collins' protection. There were also allusions that one of the sisters had gone away to seek a position that Darcy had caught briefly in passing…yet when this sister was brought up another had changed the conversation rapidly to another subject. If there was one piece of information that did not disappoint it was in Mrs. Collins' sincere beauty. To say that Mrs. Collins was a remarkable visage was to do her a grave injustice. Bingley would later remark that he had found her to be positively angelic, and Darcy found even that glowing praise to be somewhat lacking. She cut a striking figure, fully figured but tall and lithe, thick honey gold hair elegantly arranged under a delicate lace cap. Her smiles were warm and inviting, her tone soft, sweet, her manners well bred and elegant but lacking affectation. Her cornflower blue eyes were lined by rich thick lashes that seemed to flutter with a mind of their own. Darcy was not a blind man, and while admiring, was not overcome. Bingley had become something of a besotted fool, and bemoaned his bad luck in her having a living and vigorous husband. It was not Mrs. Collins who had grabbed Darcy's attention, it was her charge Miss Mary Bennet. He had not been sure at first what kept drawing his eye toward the young woman. She could not be more than twenty, and possibly younger still, she was so small and slender. Her skin was a stark, silky ivory that contrasted beautifully with the deep mahogany curls of her hair. She had strong features with a long thin nose and full lips which seemed to be set most often in a winsome sort of smirk. When he gave her his bow, he had seen her blue eyes assess him coolly, and been startled to feel a sense of indifference wash over him from her direction. It had been Bingley and his gregarious nature who had instigated Darcy interacting with the Bennet girl for more than an introduction. He had stepped away from the floor after finishing a set with a local girl and strode toward his friend with purposeful, excited steps. "Come Darcy!" The younger man cried, throwing his hands in the air with energy, "I must have you dance! I hate to see you standing about in this stupid manor!" Darcy shook his head with a soft smile but his tone was firm. "I have already stood up once with each of your sisters, and you know it would be a punishment for me to stand up with any other woman present." Bingley laughed a loud, his normally jovial nature heightened by an excess of company, good spirits, and dancing. He was practically ebullient when he snapped back, "Upon my honor, Darcy. I would not be as fastidious as you for a kingdom! I have never seen such an array of friendly people and pretty girls in my life." "You have monopolized the attentions of the most beautiful woman in the room for half the evening. You are fortunate that Mr. Collins is not fond of dancing." Bingley smiled widely and met his friends eyes unapologetically. "Mrs. Collins is an angel, there can be no second opinion on that score. Any man of sense must admire her, and she is a very kindly woman as well. Mr. Collins appears very fortunate in his choice of wife." "Indeed Mrs. Collins seems to be a very fitting leader of society in this small town. Her manners were everything elegant and proper, your sisters may very well enjoy her companionship in the neighborhood." "Look Darcy, there is Miss Bennet, her charge. They are sisters from what I understand of the local talk thus far. She is a very pretty girl and just as well mannered as her guardian. Ask her to dance." Darcy had barely opened his mouth to speak when a confident feminine voice interrupted him. "Forgive me gentlemen, but I fear I must interrupt, your conversation is not as private as you may wish it to be." Mary Bennet's sky blue eyes turned toward them with a quizzical lift of her brow. "Miss Bennet!" Charles sputtered, red faced in embarrassment. Bowing low to her he continued, saying, "Please pardon us if my friend and I have in anyway offended you." The little lady gave her curtesy to them, her smirking lips pulling up at the corners as she turned her dancing eyes on him. "No apology is necessary Mr. Bingley, I seem to have forgotten I heard anything at all. I will return to my seat now, I am afraid I have had my fill of dancing for the evening, and am quite worn out." "Of course, Miss Bennet." The gentlemen bowed to her and she returned to her seat several feet away. As she stepped away the strains for the next set began to play, and clapping Darcy on the back, Bingley ran off to join his next partner. He had committed himself to every dance of the evening. Darcy had continued to make his way around the room, nodding to those who looked his way but put forth no effort to engage with anyone at all. He heard snippets of conversation "two sets with Charlotte Lucas -". "Ten thousand a year! -" but could not focus on any particular one as his eyes continually sought out Miss Bennet from every vantage point across the room. He could not call it an attraction for Darcy had felt passionate longing, had known the erotic pull of a woman's sweet smiles, and he did not feel drawn to her in such a way. She was not an unattractive young woman, but Darcy knew love, lust, and admiration and it was not those that he felt. Rather he was intrigued by her. Darcy was not sure if it was the sharp intelligence that shone through her clear blue gaze, or the way she chose to sit out the last half of the evening with an impatient look on her face and her fingers tapping. He felt an odd sense of comfort when his gaze would land on her, as if he was running into a very old friend. He felt she was altogether too familiar to him to be a stranger, yet knew with all his reason that they had just met. He felt nostalgic as he looked at her as if she was a member in a fleeting dream or pleasant memory. Finally near the end of the evening, Darcy had navigated his way fully around the circuit and found himself standing by her again. He stood behind her, drinking in her slender ivory neck and the kiss of dark curls that danced along the nape of her neck as she tapped small feet to the time of the music. She was a graceful thing to look at, and Darcy found himself admiring her in a dispassionate way. Suddenly, she turned in her seat, slender neck tilting her head at a jaunty angle. "Would you care to sit down, Mr. Darcy?" She asked with cool politeness. So startled was he to find himself addressed by the very object of his study, he found himself at a loss for words. Her smirking lips twitched with stifled amusement. "Surely after so many laps around a ballroom even a healthy young man such as yourself might require a respite?" Soft white hands gestured toward one of the many empty seats near her. "I thank you," Darcy replied, bowing with gravity. "no." His dark eyes met hers and could not help but be taken aback by the cold intelligence he discerned within them. "As it pleases you, Mr. Darcy." She nodded, all politeness. "I suppose if Mr. Bingley has not yet tired out, it would make very little sense that you had." She turned away from him then, craning her neck forward to watch the couples go by. Darcy was rooted to the spot, so surprised as he was to have been caught watching her. If her words had been said by another, said sweeter or with more humor, Darcy may have assumed this was another young woman who cared to flirt. Yet she was not a flirtatious young woman. If anything, Darcy had found her brusque and business-like. She was well mannered, and spoke with perfect civility, but there was an underlying severity in her tone and countenance that an observant man could not help but to study there. He found himself sitting down. Several long minutes passed, one set finished and the next began. Darcy attempted to keep his eyes on the dancers but they seemed to willfully disobey the edicts of his mind as he drank Miss Bennet in. He thought he might spend the night watching this young woman, and then she spoke to him once more - her tone bold, even quite possibly annoyed. "Surely we must have some conversation, Mr. Darcy." Darcy was surprised to be addressed by her yet again, and wondered at the propriety of being spoken to so directly. Yet they had been introduced, and he had been seated near her for several minutes now. He answered formally, "Do you speak as a rule then, when at an assembly Miss Bennet?" "Indeed I do not, I take very little pleasure in the niceties, yet they must be observed for the preservation of society. It is a tedious task, but it is our duty to see it done. You may remark on the size of the room, and I shall comment on the number of couples." Cynical Darcy could not help but crack a small smile, having felt similarly many times. He was in no humor to give consequence to young ladies who were slighted by other men, and had determined to remain aloof, but his quick wit could not be suppressed. He replied,"Having canvassed those topics, I suppose next I should compliment the musicians and you may…perhaps address the superiority of the refreshments offered here in comparison to another establishment." Mary turned to look at him, her eyes brightened by the unexpected exchange. "With that said, we may return to our silent reveries. I believe we have exchanged all the necessary civilities." Her eyes smiled, but her lips did not. Darcy nodded at her, his own lips twitching to keep back his laughter. It was an unexpected pleasure to meet a lady with some humor, caustic as it was. It had been a very long while since he had so much amusement in a conversation with the fairer sex… Suddenly, a disconcerting notion struck him. The familiarity he felt, the bittersweet tug on his heartstrings, the way his eyes could not stop following her…she was familiar to him, too familiar at that. It had been almost two years since he had last seen her likeness, but there could be no mistaking it now that he recognized her. The long, thin nose and pert lips, the dark wild curls piled on Miss Bennet's head, he had seen them on another woman before, a woman that he had loved like no other. It was more than likely coincidence, but Darcy could not settle the racing of his heart at the notion that he may be close to her in some way. Darcy had long ago realized that any actress of Covent Garden would have a stage name, was it so far fetched to imagine that Adelaide Bernard could be a relation of Miss Bennet's? He had always assumed that Adelaide had not been brought up high - had never thought that a gentleman's daughter might take to the stage. Perhaps she was a poor relation, or a sister born on the wrong side of the marriage bed. The two were certainly not twins, he could attest to that. Miss Bennet was a very petite girl, almost doll like in comparison to Darcy's own tall and broad frame. His Miss Bernard had been much taller, with a lush figure. He had noticed her curves first when he had seen the now famous painting of her, The Laughing Venus, adorning the blue parlor of The Duke of _'s home. When he was introduced to her at the Covent Garden, he had thought that no painting could do justice to the elegant femininity of her form. The eyes were wrong as well - and Darcy privately thought that no other pair could be the same, green and honey gold and full of fiery passion, Miss Bennet held an icy blue pair, though her lashes were dark and thick in the same fashion. Darcy looked at the girl, and wondered if he would have ever made the connection to Adelaide Bernard if not for Miss Bennet's biting wit. Adelaide had used words as her rapier and had cut more than one important man to size with her tongue. However, she was always so sweet, so arch, teasing and playful, that it was often impossible to find offense with her. Miss Bennet lacked that sweetness entirely, but the wit, the very obvious quickness of mind was present and made all the similarities between the two women even stronger. Against his better judgement, Darcy spoke. "Has your family resided in Hertfordshire long, Miss Bennet?" She seemed as surprised to be addressed by him as he had been by her own speech. "There have been at least six generations of Bennets residing in Longbourne, sir." They fell silent again for a long moment. Darcy's curiosity was at war with his reticence. Eventually, curiosity won out and he asked what he had been longing to say. "I understand that Mrs. Collins is your elder sister, and Mr. Collins your father's heir. Have you any other siblings?" Mary's eyes flashed in surprise at such a question. "I have several sisters." was her noncommittal reply. "Indeed?" Darcy answered, attempting to keep his composure, "Please, tell me about them. It is very important for Bingley and myself to become well acquainted with all the principal families in the neighborhood." And so the interrogation began. vVvVvVvVvVvVv Benito Forelli was not a young man. He felt the weight of each day that passed drape around his shoulders and settle on his bones. He was living on borrowed time, of that, he was certain. Scarlet fever had ravaged his body almost ten years prior, and Benito had been sure that his end had come. His last rite's had been read, and yet he lingered in agony for days floating between life and death. When the fever had broken and he began to recover, he had wondered at God's plan for him. Why had his life been spared when so many younger and stronger people had fallen to the very same illness? He carried on with life, for what else was a man to do, but he felt listless and dispassionate. Then one balmy spring morning a very flustered Michelson had approached him. There was a young woman calling, a very young woman, who claimed an acquaintance with him and demanded an audience. She had been turned away the day before, and today claimed that she would not be turned away, that she would starve herself outside the front door before she would leave the property. Michelson was a gentle sort, and did not have the heart to forcibly remove a woman hardly more than a child. He wrung his hands as he approached his master, unsure if he had made the right decision. Forelli had been more amused and curious about such a to-do than anything else, and bid that she be admitted entrance. He walked into the parlor not knowing what to expect, and delighted at the prospect of a little mystery in the humdrum day. Imagine his shock to discover that a fiery English rose, no more than fifteen had made her way alone to his door step. She was thinner than he recalled from the previous year, and certainly not as well kept as that delightful day he had sketched her in the factory. "Signora Bennet," He had said with a charming smile, "how many I be of service to you on this lovely spring morning?" "My name is Bernard," she spat, with a proud thrust of her chin, her speaking eyes flashing, "I have come to offer my services in your employ, if you will have me. I mean to be your model." Forelli had known at that moment why God had spared him of the fever, why he continued to linger still on Earth years follow. He was meant to be the protector of that rare English flower, for hers had perished. In return, she served as his inspiration, his muse, and he soon came to love her as he had never loved anyone. It was a fatherly love, for she was just a girl, but in his heart Forelli knew that if he had been a younger man, if circumstances had been different, she would have captured him body and soul. She had that power, even then, little more than a child, to arrest a man with her passion. She was a soul that could not be contained by the constraints of society - an artist's temperament through and through. It had begun with the offer of tea, which had subsequently become an offer to stay for supper. His soft inquiry had found that the girl had nowhere to sleep that night, the Aunt and Uncle he had met the year before were no longer an option to her. She would not explain the situation to him at first, but when he began to make plans to return her to her the protection of her family in Cheapside, her distress was so great that Forelli had forced her to explain herself. She told him that she was ruined - that her parents were dead and that she had been cast out by her guardian because her reputation was sullied. She had little more than the clothes on her back and a small pittance of money which Forelli was almost positive she had stolen. She had come to him because she remembered how fascinated he had been by her, how aggravated he was that he did not have the luxury of time too capture her likeness with more accuracy. She said it had been a fool's errand to come, but she had nowhere else to go in this strange city, no other family to turn to. If Forelli would not hire her, she would seek employment as a servant. Benito Forelli was a man of the world, learned, well-travelled, supported by wealthy patrons who appreciated his skill. He was an artist in every sense of the word, and had lived his life fully, enjoying both the philosophical rhapsodies of exploring life's highest meanings while also indulging all of his most base instincts. He was no fool - and he knew that an unprotected young woman, hardly more than a child, with not a schilling to her name, with no skills and no character reference would not end a servant in a respectable employ. If she did not die on London's violent streets, she would quickly find herself work in a whore house, the madams of London always had eyes on the streets looking for desperate young girls such as herself, especially one so lush and ripe. His invitation to dine had soon turned into an invitation to stay the night, he could not in good conscious send her on the streets again. He had only one guest bedroom that was fit for company, for the other family rooms had been turned into studios for his work, as he lived alone. The next day that invitation had become one to stay a week, and rapidly from there a month to forever. He would not pay her a wage, but called her his guest, and saw to it that she received some new clothing fit to wear in the home. In return for his kindness, she would sit for him as he often as he wished to study her. She was bright, perhaps one of the brightest young people Forelli had ever had the pleasure of meeting. She had only wanted for a furthering of her education, for opportunity to harness such intelligence and give it a proper direction. As much as Forelli enjoyed painting her, with her fine eyes and strong features, he found equal delight in educating Adelaide as well. He mixed with an eclectic set of bright minds and grand ideals, and exposed to such superior intellectual company, Adelaide rapidly flourished. By his own hand she was taught to draw with some skill, and by calling in favors of dear friends, she had the opportunity to study language, to train her singing voice, to become a true proficient at the piano-forte. She did not always take to her lessons, for like many young people the vigilant practice required to command any subject became tiresome very quickly. Yet she would deny Forelli nothing in her gratitude for his protection, especially when he teasingly told her that submitting to these lessons was her payment for room and board. As Forelli looked on her now, standing elegant and poised in a room full of peers, he felt very blessed that he had been granted a few extra years on this Earth. He had been ready to slip away, but seeing the thin, feisty slip of a girl rise to her full potential was worth the pain of slowly aging. Dinner had been a grand a success, as Forelli had known it would be. The Matlocks had long been supporters of the arts in England. He had painted each of their son's portraits and dined with them once already. Lady Matlock was the true society leader of the family, an influential patroness of Alack's and one of the most well coiffed and handsome women Forelli had met. Her dinner parties were well known for their elegance, as well as the company that presided. Lady Matlock always made sure to have a proper mix of important society and people of interest to create stimulating and diverting evenings. The evening's entertainment was on a somewhat more intimate scale than some of her Ladyship's more grand offerings. It was a table of one dozen, Forelli and Adelaide included. His Lordship presided over the head of the table, with the Duke of Essex in the seat of honor beside him. The Duke and Duchess were newly-weds when the old Duke had died, and only recently gone into half-mourning and begun to go out in society again. The Earl had been on intimate terms with his father. There was also the honorable Colonel Fitzwilliam, whom Adelaide and himself were both previously acquainted with, Mr. Reginald Ashbury, and his unmarried twin daughters, Eugenia and Clara Ashbury. The Miss Ashburys, ardent fans of the theatre, were beyond thrilled to make the acquaintance of Miss Adelaide Bernard. She was no Sarah Siddons to be sure, but the young women were of the opinion that Miss Bernard could very well be on her way to the same greatness, and were eagerly informing her of such over their cordials post-meal. "It is my greatest loss to have never seen Mrs. Siddons perform as Lady Macbeth - although we were able to attend a reading she did two years ago, and it was of all things delightful. She has such power in her voice, such passion - we were reminded of it greatly in your performance of Ophelia, Miss Bernard." Miss Eugenia turned toward her sister who was eagerly adding her affirmation. "Indeed, Miss Bernard! My sister and I were moved to tears by your performance, and Ophelia is normally such a tepid, changeable creature…you quite made her Hamlet's equal!" Adelaide ducked her head, a becoming blush gracing her cheeks. "I thank you, you are very generous in your praise. I beg of you though - please, do not put me in contrast to the incomparable Mrs. Siddons! For the sake of my own fragile vanity, I could not stand it. Can there be another like her? Do I dare presume to try?" The last was said with a playful smile. "It is a brave man who follows in the footsteps of a legend, Miss Bernard." Forelli watched keenly as Colonel Fitzwilliam, the younger song of Lord and Lady Matlock crossed the drawing room to join in their conversation. "I imagine that the following in the footsteps of Lord Nelson was no small feat as well." Adelaide and the Miss Ashburys laughed, the sound light and melodic. "No one alive can deny your bravery, Miss Bernard, or yours of course, Colonel." Miss Clara spoke, "I could no more dream of performing on stage than I could of rushing into battle. They are both equally beyond my capabilities." Lady Matlock interjected then, her commanding voice guiding the conversation along. "It seems that there are as many forms of bravery as moments in time, or perhaps bravery is a matter of the individual's perspective. A thespian such as Miss Bernard must delight in being on the boards, not afraid of it." Miss Clara seemed abashed for a brief moment, but rose to the occasion, she had not been brought up in the first circles of society for nothing after all. "Your Ladyship brings up a very valid point. Is bravery the act of doing anything one might consider a bold action, or is bravery the act of doing the one action that is most feared by the individual in spite of those fears? Can one be considered brave without first being afraid?" Miss Bernard smiled in a becoming manner. "I do not think that either example signifies to one clear answer. Do I believe the absence of fear necessitates the presence of bravery? That is always a possibility, and yet it could very well signify a profound foolishness instead. However I do not think that one must truly fear something before taking a brave action - for instance, some of the more daring colors the ladies are wearing this season…were we afraid of orange and chartreuse in previous years, or simply taking brave and bold steps to set new fashions?" The laughter of those attending her conversation trickled through the room with the saucy lift of her brow. She continued, adding, "I do believe that most people carry at least some small degree of self preservation with them at all times. Even the most confident performer and the most capable soldier must carry some trepidation - to do otherwise would mark a worrisome loss of common sensibilities. Do you not agree Colonel?" The Colonel inclined his head toward the actress in acknowledgment. "Any sensible man has felt fear, and many fools are exemplary examples of courage." "I wonder than Miss Bernard," Lady Matlock queried to her guest, "what sort of bravery do you possess to take on the role of Juliet now? It is no small undertaking to be sure." Forelli laughed, deep and warm, pleased to see that the Lady's keen humor did not disappoint. There was nothing he enjoyed more than intelligent company that provided lively conversation. It was in drawing rooms such as these where all the greatest minds and the cleverest of scenes of society's foibles came to play. Watching his charge, his darling girl, so elegant and poised, so fitting in this grand society brought joy and inspiration to him. With the charm only a foreigner and an artist could so possess, he joined the fray, "Perhaps, your Ladyship - Miss Bernard is a fool." The Miss Ashburys appeared somewhat alarmed, but Adelaide's tickling laughter quickly assuaged any affront. "My dearest friend may attest to that fact - I am a fool, indeed, for we are all fools in love, and I have found my deepest love is the stage." She could feel the Colonel's gaze assessing her before he spoke. "I am finding that soldiery and play-acting have more similarities than differences. I do not know a solider alive who would not say that the army is his first love - all other passions come second to serving King and country." "There is one key difference between us Colonel." Adelaide replied, "A soldier can not entertain his hosts and company in a drawing room with his prowess on the battlefield." The Earl broke his conversation with the Duke and Duchess to intercede. "Indeed, Richard, you can not argue the point with the good lady on that subject. Tales of the battlefield can make for excellent conversation at the club, but certainly not in mixed company such as this. I am longing for some entertainment, if the ladies present would be so kind as to oblige an old man?" Lady Matlock was swift to arrange the young women to perform. The Miss Ashburys performed one duet with great skill and sweet charm and one piece each alone, the Duchess, being in half mourning, was permitted to be excused - "a great pity, there is no one who plays the harp with more credit" - and finally, it was Adelaide's turn to perform. The actress stood with natural fluid grace and crossed the room to stand in front of the piano forte. "I am very sorry to disappoint or disoblige my gracious hosts, but I am afraid I can not perform as Juliet for you this evening - I beg you would excuse me on that score. Our rehearsals have only just started, and I could not perform the role with the credibility I so desire. Instead I will recite for you one of my favorite sonnets, something to catch the mood of my upcoming artistic endeavors." She smiled charmingly, her hazel eyes sparkling in the candlelight. It was at that moment Adelaide caught the Colonel's eye, watching her with the polite visage of a casual acquaintance. They had been friends once, two years prior, but her rift with him had caused a natural rift to occur with the good Colonel as well. Adelaide found that she could not be bitter at the loss of the Colonel's friendship, it was only fitting that he should be protective of a cousin he viewed as more of a brother - she would be equally as guarded in the protection of her own family. Yet still, she found that the coldness of his address rankled…was she to be forever despised for something that had caused her enormous pain as well? It had not been easy to turn away from such passionate regard, no matter how belittling and improper Mr. Darcy's address had been, yet she could not regret her choice. Clearly Darcy had carried much bitterness over the rejection of his suit, for though he had not publicly slandered her, the easy camaraderie she had shared with Colonel Fitzwilliam, their mutual acquaintance, remained severed. She had mourned the loss of his friendship as well as Darcy's. The hard glint in his eyes, buried beneath a life time of excellent breeding, was possible only for a studier of character such as herself to uncover. While no one could fault his manners, it was obvious to Adelaide that his resentment was an ever-fixed mark in his mind. Would he speak to his parent's against supporting Adelaide's next project? To have the backing of the Matlocks was truly imperative - to support new, bold, playwrights was a gamble few were willing to take - if she could but have the Matlock's endorsement would pave the way to much more support. Oh! It was not to be borne. She had never set out to make any man fall in love with her, and certainly not to break his heart in rejection. She could not control that she was not at liberty to marry…women had such little control over their own lives before they came of age, and Adelaide had been three long years away from such freedom at the time of Darcy's disastrous proposal. To seek her guardian's consent was an impossibility that Mr. Darcy could never have understood, had she been willing to accept such an address…which of course she had not been. Was her life always to be beholden to the power of men!? A rueful smile lightly graced Adelaide's lips before she began - between men and women, one had all the appearance of power and the other all the source of it - if she must soften the cold Colonel's heart to her benefit, she would use all her feminine wiles to do so. Inspiration struck, the artist's genius rising when she needed it most. Casting her startling eyes toward the floor, one hand elegantly draped along the piano forte she began a much different sonata than the one she had rehearsed - "When, in disgrace with fortune and men's eyes, I all alone beweep my outcast state - Her tone was dulcet, yet rich with restrained pain. Adelaide had always found that calling her hurt to the surface was remarkably easy to do - and seeing past the elegant drawing room and the sparkling glitter of guests in their finery, she allowed herself to become lost in memories while the Bard's words moved her through the journey. "And trouble deaf heaven with my bootless cries And look upon myself and curse my fate, " She swayed with the cadence of the words, her soft hand trailing along the piano forte in an absent minded caress. She allowed herself to be pulled further in to the familiar words, the comforting pain, and sensed that her audience began to be pulled into that same darkness with her. Her eyes glimpsed Colonel Fitzwilliam through a bevy of lashes… and her heart called to him as she spoke, urging him to feel as she did. "Wishing me like to one more rich in hope, Featured like him, like him with friends possess'd, Desiring this man's art and that man's scope, With what I most enjoy contented least; " The room faded away as Darcy's visage came blinking into her mind's eye. Oh he had been something of a fool in his address, but she could not remember him without some fondness. His affection had not been the work of a few weeks, but the duration of an entire season in very active company together. In another world, another life, he would have been the exact sort of gentleman she might have wanted to marry - but that life was closed to her - could the good Colonel not understand the pain that had been her burden to bare in refusing him? Surely he must feel it now, after all this time. Quite unconsciously, Adelaide's powerful eyes called Colonel Fitzwilliam's to meet hers as she spoke. They were mournful pools of luminescent brown, drowning her audience into the depth of her sorrow. The room had grown very still in the power of her emotion, the tension rising incrementally with each line. As she neared the conclusion of her little speech, she quite forgot herself entirely. "Remember him." Her heart called firmly, "You must remember him." And she did. Indeed, she could not forget him, though two years had passed. She remembered the slight upturn of his lips when he tried to conceal an improper laugh, she saw his dimples twinkle at her when he allowed himself a full grown smile, heard the timber of his rich voice caress her ears. She allowed those memories to warm her, to bolster her, to remember the past only as it's remembrance gave her pleasure. "You were loved once," her heart hummed with joy, "no matter what else becomes of you, once, you were truly loved. You mattered." The warmth of that memory infused the finale of her sonata, just as she had known it would. She felt it fill her voice, sensed the thankful joy of love remembered kiss her skin, move her feet and guide her hands…and finally, finally, touch her eyes and spill towards her audience, saying all the words that the Bard could not find himself. Yet in these thoughts myself almost despising, Haply I think on thee, and then my state, Like to the lark at break of day arising From sullen earth, sings hymns at heaven's gate; For thy sweet love remember'd such wealth brings That then I scorn to change my state with kings." A heavy, pregnant silence filled the drawing room with the conclusion of her speech. Each guest seemed unwilling or unable to break the spell that been cast. Forelli felt the same rush of both unadulterated pride and euphoric joy he always experienced when witnessing Adelaide perform her art at her best. That he was a part in that talent, however small! Looking around the room, he saw the way his hostess's eyes glittered in the candlelight, and knew that his darling girl had triumphed once again. "Oh Miss Bernard!" Miss Eugenia Ashbury breathily punctuated the silence, pulling a handkerchief to her eyes. "Oh my!" The room then broke into enthusiastic applause, always the most true testament to the skill of an actress. Adelaide accepted their praise with curtsies filled with humility and good humor, begging to take her seat again and let others perform. However, Lady Matlock had little interest in being entertained in the usual methods when such an example of artistry was before her. Only hearing from Adelaide would now satisfy her, and the actress answered this call with mild-mannered aplomb. The evening passed in this pleasant fashion for some time following and did not draw to a close until just past the fashionable hour. Lady Matlock was full of grand ideas to help promote Miss Bernard's run as Juliet, and engaged with the maestro in heated tete-a-tete as master and pupil awaited their carriage. Seeing her unencumbered, Colonel Fitzwilliam took his opportunity to speak freely to his former friend. "You are as enchanting as I recalled you, Miss Bernard." He said, not unkindly. She dipped her head in acknowledgement, a slight hint of girlish pink dancing across her cheeks. "You are very kind, Colonel Fitzwilliam. I am very pleased to see you again, and in such good health. When we last met, it was under much more grim circumstances." He nodded calmly, his plain face set in an unreadable mask of civility. "Has it been two years entirely since we last met?" "No," she answered, just a touch too quickly, "it was at the end of the season that we last met, not the beginning…I believe it must have been April at least." A flicker of interest flashed in the Colonel's eyes, "Indeed madam, you are quite right. I seem to recall that time in much better detail now." Adelaide recognized that he was assessing her, and could not help but squirm somewhat under the scrutiny of his gaze. She forced a light laugh before she spoke, she was an actress after all. "Tell me Colonel, were your friends all in good health when last you met?" Her tone remained even, but the rose of her countenance made it clear to them both who she enquired of. "Yes, all in excellent health." He answered with a significant look. "Though it has been some months since I have met with most of my friends. Our mutual acquaintance spends the little season in Hertfordshire, at a friend's estate, I expect that he will be in Town shortly enough." It was then that the Colonel witnessed a sight of which few others could boast. The actress's face paled considerably, and no amount of thespian talent could erase the fact that he had seen her become quite discomposed. Her speaking eyes came alive with their golden highlights, nerves jolting them into a brightened alertness. She looked positively frightened, though the Colonel was too well bred to dare make that observation to the lady herself. "Mr. Darcy resides in Hertfordshire? She answered, wringing her small hands together. "Indeed, he stays there in aid of a friend who has recently leased an estate - I can not recall if you are acquainted - Mr. Bingley, is the gentleman's name…the estate I believe is called, Netherhall, or Hallfied…something to that effect. Darcy means to assist his friend in establishing residency at his first estate before joining us in Town for the holidays." "Netherfield Hall." The words escaped her lips quite of their own accord. "Yes quite right! Netherfield. I take it you are acquainted with the area Miss Bernard?" Colonel Fitzwilliam did not take care to conceal his interest in Miss Bernard's admission - it was perhaps the most he had heard her speak of a spot that was not in London. Adelaide remained pale, but she regained her equanimity enough to speak in her usual teasing manner. "Yes, I spent some time there before I took to a professional stage. It is a very easy distance from Town." Just as the Colonel was about to reply, Signor Forelli's carriage arrived on the drive, and Fitzwilliam family was obligated to bid their guests goodnight. The pair boarded their equipage with very mixed emotions, triumph, pride, anxiety, exultation, all bandied together, but the most palpable of all was unmitigated fear. Obviously the sonnet used does not belong to the author. Please review with constructive criticism. I appreciate all feedback. Hope you are enjoying this story of (kinda obvious) intrigue!
Author's Notes: Wow. Just wow. I am truly overwhelmed by the amount of response, (overwhelmingly positive response!) that the last chapter garnered. I'm sure that many other writers will join me in saying how humbling a feeling it is to know that other people enjoy the words that live in your head. I also am thoroughly enjoying the questions being posed, the different theories you all have! You've given me a lot to think about, and I'm going to do my best to give you all the answers throughout the story. Question for my readers: This chapter is very short. As in, less than half of the previous posting. I have started on the next chapter, which was going to originally be the 2nd half of this. I'm just having a hard time finding the flow and balance between the two scenes I want to portray. Would you guys rather see shorter updates with more frequent postings, or longer chapters that you can really sink your teeth into? I didn't want to make you guys wait another week while I hammered out the rest of the chapter, especially since this scene has a strong finish. If you have an opinion, feel free to share it. Thanks so much! "Adelaide, hold your pose." The words were quick and sharp, said as a command and not as a suggestion. The maestro was sketching furiously at his easel, scraps of parchment littering the floor around him. Adelaide bristled with annoyance, trying to refrain from releasing an exasperated sigh. Benito Forelli was the dearest person in the world to her, indeed, the only person she could truly call dear left to her; however that did not mean that he never tried her nerves. He knew very well how exhausting it was to put on the little display she had done for the Matlocks, and he must have heard her complain of her stays enough to know she longed to escape the confines of her finery to something far more comfortable. Yet when inspiration struck, no reasonable argument could deter the artist. She had placed herself into his power as his model, she was not within her rights to deny him. Yet, she truly was very tired, physically as well as emotionally. Working for one's living did not come free of tribulation. "Padre" She said with gentle resignation, "perhaps we should post-pone until morning, when you have the light." The artist did not look away from his work. "The light?" He snapped, "what use have I for light? No little dove, it shall not do! The morning sun drowns out even the brightest of stars of the night sky with it's amber glow. I can not risk that it will erase the glitter of sorrow in your eyes at this very moment. No, no, only now will do. Now hold still, keep those fine eyes to the window pane." "Very well," she answered in a clipped tone. "Shall we stay up until dawn, do you think?" The wizened head of the Italian raised, and his liquid black eyes glittered mockingly in the candlelight. "Perhaps you and I shall stay in this room until this painting is complete - we shall not sleep, eat, or drink until I have a masterpiece in front of me. You may wither away in my pursuit of beauty, but you will be immortalized forever in such a piece of art. I can already see the mountains of ticket sales that such a grand exhibit would garner from the Ton." She laughed aloud then, a sound that always delighted Forelli for it's pleasant resonance, but this evening it was another source of vexation. He was generally a soft-hearted man, but not when it came to his work. He was renowned artist after all - and that came with an artist's sensibilities and eccentricities. "You, Miss Bernard, are the only creature alive that can laugh so freely through a heart filled with pain. Until I discover the mystery behind that ability, until I unravel the dark secrets of the eyes that have enraptured the nation, little else will sustain me. You must have known this would happen the moment you were handed into the carriage this evening. You may conceal from others what can never be kept from he who knows you best! Was it the Matlocks who discomposed you so? Or was it the good Colonel and all the memories that come attached with him? You began the evening in tolerably good spirits and ended it quite differently. Did you think you could hide such a thing from me? Those eyes are your undoing once more! Such sad, frightened eyes child. And yet, you laugh! I must capture you in such a moment! " Adelaide could not hold her pose when presented with such a stinging truth. She turned toward her mentor, those speaking eyes glistening with tears that would remain unshed. "Please, darling Padre, I beg of you…" She choked back a sob, always determined to retain her dignity, to keep her privacy. His head was bent toward his work once more. "My poor little dove," he tutted gently, eyes fixated on the paper before him. "it must be a very weary life, carrying a burden such as yours. I wonder that it must be yours to carry alone." Adelaide was a passionate creature. Her very real and rational fear of secrets uncovered, in combination with the wearing act of courting her social superiors for small favors meant she had little room in her heart left for patience or civility, especially at such an unseemly hour. It was not the first, nor would it be the last, time that Forelli had prodded into her past. He had never been fully satisfied with the tale of an orphan of a large family who had been taken advantage of by a local man and then cast from her home in shame. Adelaide hated that he was right. She hated that her story was too dark to tell, too complicated for an outsider to understand. In that moment she hated darling Forelli for never letting her past remain buried. What other choice did she have now? A woman such as herself had no resources to pursue justice, and no power to enact vengeance. All she could do was escape - to carve out a new life for herself, and patiently wait for the day she reached her majority and the bonds of her past life were severed forever. If only her heart could acquiesce to the demands of her mind! No matter how deeply she delved into the life of Adelaide Bernard, thespian and artistic muse, the memories of her youth haunted her at every turn. It had been almost seven years, and the pain of separation was as poignant as the day she had left. She had learned to ignore the stirrings of her heart strings, to set aside her unpleasant youth and look unblinkingly into the future. Yet those memories always simmered, just beneath the surface, ready to boil over whenever she was willing to call them forward. Oh, how she longed for them! Her dear mother, who had always been a flighty creature, and impossibly indulgent. The little boy that had taken her with him to the grave, the boy who might have saved them all! Darling Papa! Papa with his bright blue eyes, always twinkling with some little piece of mischief, his dry wit and sly smiles. Everyday she wished to be a girl again, when her family had been hale and whole, to sit with her father in his study and breathe in the familiar scents of home and security. Her younger sisters had been so small when she left home…did they remember her at all? Sweet, rambunctious Lydia with her golden curls and honey eyes was a young woman now, older even than Adelaide had been when she left them all. Was she out in society? Did she still giggle as had as a girl at six, or was she a serious young lady now? Little Kitty, always so wide-eyed and quiet, small for her age yet with eyes that seemed older, what had those eyes seen by now? Pedantic Mary, perpetually stuck in the middle of all the happy chaos of so large a family, seeking refuge in music. Did she still play with such passion? Had she improved since those days? All her memories of her family pained her, but none as much as thoughts of Jane. Jane, the eldest, the bravest, the best of them all. Jane who had done the impossible to keep her family together; Jane who had given up all thoughts of herself and her own future for the security of her sisters. Jane who Adelaide had betrayed when she carried another name, in another life. Jane who had put herself in the power of a monster - not a man, to keep her sisters together. Gentle Jane who had received abuse and punishment for Adelaide's own transactions. Was she well? Did she suffer at the hands of the animal that was her husband? Did she still have any of her soft-hearted kindness left? Was she a mother now? Was there any respite from her misery? Could she forgive her? Adelaide looked toward the man who protected her from the harsh realities of a penniless orphan's life in London. There were so many different paths a story such as hers could have taken. Her life of art, music, glittering parties, and tedious company seemed the most unlikely story of them all, and yet there she sat, posing for her artist. Tears smattered at her thick lashes, but she would not allow them to fall. She squared her shoulders, tilted her head just-so toward the window and stared out toward the night sky, knowing that some miles away, sat the home of her youth, her estranged sisters within it. "I do not carry my burden alone." she whispered. Forelli's charcoal stilled in his hand. He drank in the site of her, his English rose, and felt all the brutishness of his artistic passion. She was a young woman now, cradling the weight of the child she never had the chance to be. The velvet caress of moonlight slipping across her profile accentuated every tired nuance of her countenance in a silver glow. "Go to bed." He said gruffly, shame filling his breast. She rose with quiet elegance, her skirts rustling softly. "Thank you Signore." She said with a gentle touch to his shoulder. He looked up and met the eyes that arrested him so. Such sad eyes, but they looked on him with warmth now. "Thank you, for…" Adelaide took in a deep breathe, gesturing listlessly toward the dark expanse of the studio. "… simply everything." Benito Forelli had no wife, and no children. He'd known many women in his youth, but had remained as discrete as possible in order to preserve the reputations of all involved. If any progeny of his existed, no one had seen fit to inform him of it. He had spent most of youth so devoted to his craft that he had little time for any other pursuit, and now in the twilight of his life, Adelaide was the only family he had. Every night, he felt the day past lay upon his shoulders, adding another layer of time to his heavy funeral shroud. He was an old man. He was Adelaide's family as much as she was his, and thought of leaving her alone in such a world were insupportable. "My dear child," He said softly, grasping the soft hands hanging before him, "Never thank me - the trials of your life, whatever misery you have endured, well…they have been the Almighty's greatest blessing in mine. I should not be so thankful that Providence brought you to me, I should have been asking the Lord to let his prodigal daughter return to her home." A sob caught in Adelaide's throat, and she grasped the hands of the dear old man tightly. She opened her mouth to speak, but the artist continued saying, "I am not a young man, my dear. In fact, I was an old man when you were a child. You do not live as many years as I do, you can not make a living of studying the faces of others, and remain unable to read the face of a child. Precocious as you were, my dear, I have always known that the day you arrived on my doorstep, you fed me a series of lies. I have no way of knowing what the truth of your story is, only you can reveal such a secret. I have never begrudged you this fiction for my own sake, I only worry for you. It was always very clear to me that before me was an extraordinarily frightened child. Not just defiantly angry, not just trapped in mourning, but truly afraid. I could not help but wish to protect you, but I can not protect you from your own heart." Adelaide always knew that Forelli was skeptical of her tale of woe - but she had always assumed him to simply be a cynic. Instead, he was perhaps the most adroitly empathetic man she would ever know. He was an angel on Earth to her. With his words, Adelaide's resolve began to crumble. She was so very tired. Her heart lost itself in her memories, and she could no longer bare to support herself on her own. She leaned into the man that had raised her from girl to woman, and allowed herself the comfort of fatherly embrace. It had become too much - the anniversary of her father's death, so recently past, accentuated with the knowledge that Mr. Darcy resided just a few short miles from her childhood home! Her eyes burned, and her dark lashes glittered as they bristled against the current of tears that threatened to spill. The old man gathered her in his arms, murmuring softly as one would to a small child. Time faded away in the security of a loving embrace. Adelaide steadied herself with deep breaths as the Italian cooed to her in his home tongue. The angry beating of her heart began to calm with each breath. Her birthday was just a few short months away. She was so very close to reaching her majority, and then she could truly live free. Mr. Darcy being in Hertfordshire was a frightening prospect, but was she truly not made of sterner stuff than this? She had spent six long years as a pillar of strength, the marble cast of her resolve standing rigid and proud. Mr. Darcy had discomposed her once with his offer of marriage to someone as "lowly' as herself - she could not allow him to rattle her nerves again! Whatever he discovered in the quiet town of Meryton, whatever family he may visit with…it was none of her concern. Adelaide Bernard was not known to the inhabits of that little slice of country. If he was to discover the truth - what would it be to him? Their connection had been severed for close to two years. Her musings were interrupted as the artist pulled the girl away. "My sweet little dove." He said softly. "I know that you will not confide in me. I have always known it, however it was my dearest wish that you will find someone to share your heart with. You are not meant for the isolation you have entombed yourself in." "One day," she said softly, "I promise you…I will tell you all. The whole truth of it." "Yes," he replied, a tired sadness in his voice, "one day you may." He stood, giving Adelaide his arm. The hour was truly very late, the young and the old both needed their rest. He escorted her down the hall, walking together in companionable silence. When they reached the door of her chambers, he paused and said with a sigh. "I know your name is not Adelaide Bernard." The actress squared her shoulders, and looked at her mentor unblinkingly. "I realized long ago that you suspected as much, but you have never pried." "I believe each man has a right to his own destiny. The Almighty in his wisdom gave us free will, did he not? However, my solicitor does not agree." "Your solicitor, Signore?" "Such complicated matters. He tells me there is a very real possibility that my will could be over-turned in court as it is written. There is very little precedent to leaving one's bequests to a stage name after all." A small gasp escaped Adelaide before she could gain her control. "You must not speak so! And you must not think of leaving anything to me! You have many years left, Padre. When you pass, I will be very well established and able to care for myself, you have seen to that! I am no mercenary, I have never desired your fortune, just the opportunity to find my way in the world." He chuckled lightly and patted her hand. "Such an easy confidence in your future! I have always admired your optimistic spirit, my dear. Life has been very cruel to you, and yet you are determined that the future shall bend to your whims despite all the evidence to the contrary. We both know that there is no telling what fate may have in store for us. I have every faith in your abilities to see you through any hardship. If you could survive the streets of London alone barely out of the school room, you will surely manage the tribulations of adulthood with aplomb. However, my fortune is mine to do with what I will. The choice is mine to make, and while you may attempt to deny me this right by denying me your name…you would be doing me a grave injustice." She was very quiet, and very grave when she replied. "It is a name I have not uttered in more than six years." Forelli smiled wryly. "Yet it still belongs to you, even after all this time." The actress took a fortifying breath. Forelli watched her eyes as she rapidly debated her options. It was a long moment, one that seemed to stretch out over days and into weeks, but as time came back into focus, Adelaide met his steady gaze with eyes as bright and clear as any he'd ever seen. "Bennet." She stumbled somewhat on the first syllable, but recovered with a pointed strength. "My name is Elizabeth Bennet." Forelli bowed his head in acknowledgement. "Good evening to you, Miss Bennet. May you rest easy." Elizabeth smiled then, and a small piece of weight began to lift away from her. She let the contentment sharing her name raised flow through her. She had forgotten how comforting it was to trust her burdens into the care of a loved one. She had been alone for so long. Looking at the old man, a warm affection washed over her. She kissed his brow with a daughter's tenderness. "My family has always called me Lizzy." The artist smiled back. "It suits you, little Lizzy." Author's Notes: Not exactly a shocking revelation, since you guys seemed to figure it out pretty quick. But I promise, that's just the first part of of the tale ;)
Author's Notes: Welp, I suppose it's time for your yearly update on this tale right!? I kid, mostly. I actually have the next chapter almost complete and waited to post this one until I was more than halfway done the next so that I don't torture anyone still reading with a ridiculous gap between the next update batch. I've moved 4 times in 14 months and didn't have a working computer for most of 2017, which are very simplistic ways of saying working on my story wasn't a top priority and I apologize for that. I hope you guys keep reading and reviewing, because honestly nothing gives an author life like hearing that feed back. Next chapter will be much heavier in dialogue and forward plot progression. This one resides primarily in Mrs. Collins head. Some of the situation at the end of the chapter may make readers uncomfortable. Please be mindful of my warning on the story in description. I will not interrupt the flow of the story with trigger warnings, and I don't think what I've written necessitates it, but please reach out if you believe the rating should be upped. I'm not interested in writing descriptive violence, but we have to make our villain be a villain. Deft fingers pulled the stitches of a delicate lace cap loose once again. Mrs. Collins ran her hands along the fine piece of fabric, looking for any imperfections. Jane was no stranger to the cap, she had, of course, grown up seeing many married women sport the fashion. She simply had never anticipated that she would have donned it herself so very young. A sixteen year old girl was still simply just as described, a girl, a debutante first beginning the transition into womanhood - but Jane had been wearing her cap since a few brief months past that birthday. Now, she had been wearing one for the better part of a decade. In quiet moments such as this one, when her husband was out of the house and the servants well instructed and perfectly occupied, her sister reading in a quiet corner, Jane could sometimes indulge in the fantasy that she was still a girl herself. And if she was still Miss Bennet, rather than Mrs. Collins, what pleasant reverie would occupy her thoughts in such a moment? It was a game she played with herself very rarely, for the sweetness of her fantasy could easily make the reality of her situation all the more unpleasant. She had many things to be thankful for, after all. She had been blessed with a strong constitution, a quick mind, and a gentle heart. She had a roof over her head, a roof that sheltered almost all that Jane dearly loved. She had sisterly companionship, friendly neighbors, and the quiet pursuits of country living. Her lot in life was not a bad one, and surely choosing the alternate route…to reject her husband and lose her childhood home, it could not have been a better outcome for her or her sisters. Yet if Jane had remained Miss Bennet, she imagined her excitement for the coming ball at Netherfield would be palpable. Mr. Bingley and his sisters had come around with their card to personally deliver the invitation. Mr. Collins had been extremely pleased at this display of deference, believing it his due as the Master of Longbourne, and Jane had encouraged that notion. Quietly, she thought it a vain idea, as Miss Bingley has made it very clear that they had also done so for the Lucas family. She wanted to believe it was for Mary's benefit, but her heart could not reconcile that idea with her mind. While Mr. Bingley was perfectly solicitous to the current Miss Bennet, the warm looks of admiration he often sported seemed to be directed at the former. Oh! He was a proper gentleman, there could be no debate on that score! However, there was a heat in his gaze when he met her eyes that Jane was very familiar with. Most men she encountered coveted her to some small degree or another, it was their natural reaction to her famed beauty. Was it vanity on her part to recognize this admiration for what it was? She certainly did not revel in her own attractiveness, however there was something to Mr. Bingley's looks that made her blush. The sensation that discomposed her was she found that for the first time, a gentleman's admiration was not unrequited. His initial introduction to the neighborhood had shown Bingley to be everything a young man ought to be, lively, good-natured, sensible, kind, and rather handsome. He only improved upon further acquaintance. Jane could not help but admire his happy manners, so in contrast to her own husband's stern character, though she was always as circumspect in that admiration as her situation in life warranted. He was exactly the sort of amiable man Mrs. Collins had always imagined herself falling in love with. However, fate had not given her the opportunity to do so. No indeed, Jane was Mrs. Collins, Miss Bennet no longer, and even if she had refused her husband's suit, it certainly would not put her in the path of meeting Mr. Bingley or any other kindly gentleman in his stead. There would have been no Netherfield ball for her, and unlikely many others as well. The future of the Miss Bennets had been bleak indeed. With both parents dead and Mr. Collins the Master of Longbourne, to be Miss Bennet would mean that the pleasures of a ball at that Great House would be lost to her - she and her orphan sisters would not have been able to afford to stay in the neighborhood, and certainly not within the sphere in which they had been brought up. Jane shook her head at her own idle day dreaming. It was foolish to engage so…and yet…In an alternate life, a life where her father had lived to a ripe old age, a life where all the Bennet sisters remained at home, what delight would she have felt as such a prospect? She closed her eyes for a brief moment, letting the girlish chatter of a house in uproar fill her ears and touch her heart. A rueful smile graced her pretty lips at the imagined cheer. Her mother, still loving a ball as much as any of her young daughters could, had been insistent on a dance master being hired for her daughters. Even little Lydia had participated in the instruction, watching with wide eyes and gleeful claps as the four elder sisters paired together. Hiring the master was the one insistence on which Mrs. Bennet would not be denied in the education of her daughters. Mr. Bennet never had been able hold firm against the wishes of Mrs. Bennet when she was truly determined to get her way. To have a ball held at Netherfield, the most grand house in the neighborhood, would have thrilled Mrs. Bennet as much as it would have Jane or any of her sisters. Returning to the task at hand, she pulled a pretty gold ribbon from her sewing box, intent on reworking her best cap to suit the finery such an evening required. If she had still been Miss Bennet, there would have been no cap, instead she would have worn her grandmother's pearl comb and with sprigs of fresh hot-house flowers worked into her coiffure. She also would not be selecting ribbons to rework such a venture, but would have had fabric and lace to create a new gown. A private ball at Netherfield would have called for the eldest and most eligible of the Bennet girls to have a new gown, would it not? Would Mrs. Bennet have left such a dress to the skills of the modiste, or would the girls all have worked on the project together? Jane did not begrudge her younger sister any of the finery, nor any of her opportunities. She always gave Mary's preparations as much as attention and care as she imagined their mother would have for her eldest unmarried daughter in the house. Mrs. Collins' temperament did not have any room for resentment. Yet, in quiet moments, in the privacy of her own thoughts, she did wish that her time to be young and beautiful and gay had lasted just a touch longer. She envied that Mary had her chance to be young, such as it was, when Jane's own transition to adulthood had been so very harsh and abrupt. It was Mary who would wear grandmother Gardiner's pearl comb, Mary who would wear a dress almost new. It was Mary who had the chance to meet a gentleman she truly preferred. Mary who Mr. Bingley should be admiring with that heated gaze of his. Indeed, Jane felt foolish for indulging even for a moment in the idea of his flirtation. Mary's time to find a suitable partner was swiftly dwindling. Mr. Collins was a harshly critical man when he could be troubled to speak, and he had never had any admiration for Mary. As a child she had unnerved him with her wide eyed stare and morose nature, and he had only been too glad to have her live with the Phillips family. As an adult he found Mary's quiet, determined, unflappable disposition repugnant and her looks almost plain enough to be repulsive. Mary was not plain. Jane had never thought so, but she always tried to find what was most attractive in another person and admire that feature. Mary had many features to admire if one were but to spare her a second glance. No, Mr. Collins ugly remarks were fueled by the ugliness of his heart. He was not a man known for his amiability or his kindness. He was cruel to others seemingly because he was able to be so, as if it brought him pleasure to spew forth the venom that resided inside of him. There was no reason to hate Mary, and yet despise her he did. Mary would have a very little window to escape this life for a better one. If she was not married by her twentieth birthday, Collins planned to place her in service before her majority. Mr. Bingley's arrival in the neighborhood was fortunate. But it was not for Jane's good fortune but Mary's. It was natural that Jane should want a husband for her sister who she herself would admire, were she a single woman, was it not? She needed to take Bingley's admiration for herself, and transfer it somehow to the eligible Bennet sister. They did not know when such an opportunity would arise again. It would be very encouraging if Bingley seemed to particularly admire Mary, but he seemed indifferent. Jane could not let his arrival be for naught. Mary must escape Longbourne, she must get away before she was sent away. If Mr. Bingley was not persuaded to court Mary in the traditional fashion, it was Jane's thought that he must be made to with a compromise. Somewhere buried deep, tender hearted Miss Jane Bennet was disgusted by the ugliness of her own design. Mr. Bingley had shown himself to be nothing but a good neighbor and honorable gentleman, and Mary seemed to care for him as little as he did her. They were common and indifferent acquaintances. She remembered what it felt like, to be forced to marry a gentleman who she barely knew and for whom she had felt absolutely no affection. But she was Miss Bennet no longer, she was Mrs. Collins, and while she redid her best lace cap, she left the fantasies of that girlhood aside and she plotted for the future. There was nothing she would not do for her sisters. When Mrs. Bennet had passed in childbirth, taking the young heir of Longhorn with her to the grave, it had been a painful, trying time. Jane was the eldest of a gaggle of motherless sisters and eldest daughter to a father stricken with bereavement. No one, not even gentlemen's daughters, sheltered from the particulars, could be unaware of the dangers associated with bringing a child into the world. The death of her own mother was the first loss of any kind that Jane had ever experienced personally, but it was not the first such loss in the society of Hertfordshire, small as it may be. Many things are hushed away from children's ears, but being the eldest, and always having such a steady, mature comportment, Jane had been privy to details that her younger sisters were not. It had been trying indeed, but it was not a shock. Mrs. Bennet had born five healthy children into the world, with varying degrees of ease. After Lydia's birth, the physician and the mid-wife were both of like mind that Mrs. Bennet should not have more children - but with an entail and no heir, Mrs. Bennet was not to be dissuaded from the wifely duty she considered her life's mission. Sadly, it was proven to be a fool hardy endeavor. There was always risk where there was children involved. Everyone was kind and conciliatory. Neighbors and family alike did their best to care for the Bennet family in their loss. Aunt and Uncle Phillips were nearly daily visitors at Longborne, despite Aunt's tendency toward excessive weeping at the slightest provocation. Aunt and Uncle Gardiner were an even greater balm, bringing their own young children and nurse with them, going a long way to distract Kitty and Lydia with playmates. When Mrs. Bennet was gone, Jane knew that the task of caring for her family was naturally her responsibility — and how could she possibly give way to her own grief when her dear sisters and poor Papa were so bereft? One may weep, but time could not be constrained by the wash of tears. It pressed ever onward, marching relentlessly against the tides of life's tribulations. There could be no hindering the passage of time. Jane had only been five and ten when she learned this, yet she had accepted it with all the grace she could muster. There could be no thinking or feeling for herself when there were others to care for - sisters, several of them, each younger and more frightened than the next. She had witnessed it in her father as well. Certainly a year of mourning seemed a respectful time to live in their grief, events outside the Bennet's family control could not stop with them. There was a hardness in Mr. Bennet at all times that had never been present before. Not cruelty, but a certain steely resolve so plainly written in his countenance that he had become something of an imposing figure. At the time of Mr. Bennet's inheritance, Longbourne had resided under the care of a good-hearted steward and an indulgent estate owner, life time friends of some forty or more years. His father had died an old man, with a son and heir who had just begun a handsome little family. The estate's income was such that Thomas need never seek employment before his inheritance, and his father's temperament one that indulged his son's idle life style at all times. Yes, the Bennets of Longbourne were gentlemen, there could be no argument. However the estate had not been flourishing under the care of two old men whose only care in life was maintaining the comforts of their life style until the end of their days. Thomas, comfortable and invested in enjoying his young family as his only responsibility, had not given the ledgers more than a passing glance since his formal training in estate management directly after his grand tour. It had been many years, and as his pocket money had never changed, he had never wondered at the prosperity of the estate itself. What he learned was disheartening. Longbourne was not doing nearly so well as other estates in Hertfordshire, and his pocket money should, indeed, be changed until it began to perform again. It was going to take financial investment and serious hands on management to bring the land under good regulation once more. Fanny Gardiner was a good sort of girl, certainly very pretty…and she had brought with her a respectable sum of ready money. Thomas had courted Fanny because it was his father's desire that he find a girl with a dowry, and here was one who lived in Meryton, sparing the expense and nuisance of going to London for the season. His life had been easy and idyllic, and so as the dutiful and contented son he married as his father chose for him with nary a second thought. He had enough of a young man's lustiness to believe he could be quite comfortable with a pretty, empty headed thing to share his bed, and had not minded that he held his own wife in little affection and viewed her mostly with conceited amusement at the inferiority of her mind in comparison with his own. He had not counted on time to slow that desire and increase his need for a companion and helpmeet as his concerns over his struggling estate mounted. When the initial fog of shock after Fanny's death had lifted, Thomas had known what must be done. Fanny had given him children, children he did truly love, but she had not borne him an heir. Longbourne needed an heir, and so he needed a wife. It was Thomas Bennet's duty to marry again. It was Jane Bennet's duty to raise the children of the wife he had buried. What had occurred to neither father nor daughter, as they looked to the future with a grim equanimity, was that Mr. Bennet would be unable to see his promise through. Not seven months out of full mourning, the Bennet family was torn asunder once more with the worst sort of news — the patriarch was dead after a terrible carriage accident on a wet Spring road. The Bennet daughters were orphans. Thomas Bennet had died without male issue. The name Bennet ended with Thomas, his will, the same as his fathers, had never been updated to specify anything that belonged to family rather than the estate….all of Longbourne not clearly directed toward Mr. Bennets daughters in his marriage settlement - every inch of the grounds and every last ornament on the walls, went to a stranger named Collins, whom none of them had ever met. The girls had next to nothing in their own right. The heir of Longbourne was arrived, with wagons of belongings in his wake, while Mr. Bennet had been buried only two days. The rapidity of his arrival had been startling, for as it was an unseasonably warm Spring riddled with violent rain storms, the parson was insisted that they inter Mr. Bennet while the skies clear and the ground dry. They must have begun packing as soon as word was received and ridden with a back breaking pace to be upon them so shortly. The neighborhood had been affronted at his lack of sensitivity in coming upon a family so shortly in their grief, but a few well placed whispers had the neighborhood turning in his favor as word spread he planned to take on the Bennet daughters as his wards. For her own part, Jane found the new head of her family rather intimidating. A tall man, perhaps the tallest she'd ever seen, with broad shoulders and a faced browned with much time spent out of doors, his presence was a dark and foreboding one in the household. He was not kind, and he had little patience for the youngest girls and their childish needs. Yet he did not show himself to be cruel, simply stern and unfeeling. The Gardiners had come from London, once again installing their own nurse to look after the youngest girls while the will was read and the house prepared for the new master. Jane was not always included, but many heated discussions had ensued about the future of the Bennet daughters, and she was quick enough to fill in the pieces. Mr. Collins had a son, only a few years Jane's elder, away at school, and no wife. The new master had no patience or desire to raise five young girls. He did not consider it his concern whatsoever, yet was very concerned that his reputation in this new part of the world be that of the most outstanding gentleman. He had always known of the entailment, but had not been given a gentleman's education or raised in a family that had any expectation that this good fortune would come to the Collins line. Having worked all his life, to now be gentry, to be part of the class that had always snubbed him, Collins was filled with a conceit he had never known before. He must be seen to be doing the right thing for the Bennet girls, while taking on as little of the burden himself as possible. It had been Jane's uncle who had unwittingly decided her fate. Learning that the senior Collins already had his heir, Mr. Gardiner suggested that they affiance Master William Collins to Jane, allowing them to marry when William finished his schooling and received his ordination. This would irrevocably connect the two families, so that the Bennet line would continue at Longbourne, and by accepting Jane for his son's wife, the local populace would look favorably at Collins. In exchange, the Gardiners would take on two of the sisters into their household, and the Phillips' would take responsibility for one. Collins would need to only support Jane as his son's wife, and Elizabeth, the second eldest, as his ward. It had seemed such a sensible solution, agreeable to all parties involved. Jane had never met her future husband, but her Aunt and Uncle pressed upon her that it was the most sensible solution to help her sisters — and Jane wanted to help the Bennet orphans, did she not? As her sisters were all she had, Jane rallied herself to comply. After all, she would have a protracted engagement, perhaps she would learn to love her fiancé given time and proper encouragement. Fortunately to some and less fortunately to others, the long engagement was not to be. By the new patriach's instance, Jane found herself standing upon the alter in her best half-mourning dress of lavender and a grey spencer. The timing was not quite as shocking as the groom was. Uncle Gardiner had been the one to propose an alliance between the houses of Bennet and Collins, but he had not seen the details of the arrangement examined as closely as one might have wished. Master Collins, the next heir to Longbourne before his father, was his father's namesake. Indeed the vanity of the latter would not allow for anything else. Gardiner had of course attended the marriage settlement when it was written, but so busy in tying up the financial future of the Bennet daughters and seeing they were provided for, he had neglected to notice that while the name of William Collins had appeared many times, William Collins II, had not. Gardiner had affianced his barely sixteen year old orphaned niece to a man nearly as old as her father. It was a legally binding document and should Jane refuse and create a breach of contract, Gardiner had no doubt Collins would have delighted in taking his case through every legal avenue he could. He would leave no stone unturned. He had decided he wanted Jane, and she would belong to him. Her Uncle had seen to that. As if summoned by the turn of her thoughts, the man in question appeared in the door way, his large frame cutting an imposing figure. "I hope, Mrs. Collins," her husband said, crossing the threshold of the sitting room where his wife sat alone with her sewing, "that you have arranged a good dinner for today, for we are to have an unexpected visitor." Jane obediently looked up from her project, folding it neatly in her lap. She did not speak but fixed her husband with her full attention. The small furrow in his brow and the flatness of his speech did not encourage a reply. He seemed in a foul temper. "It seems," he continued, pulling himself up to his full height, "that my doddering, fool of a son has seen fit to visit his father for a short while, now that he is comfortably settled in his parish." The very idea of it seemed to sour further as each word passed his lips. His countenance was flat and yet extremely foreboding. Jane tilted her head and gave a small nod, to indicate that she heard him. She had learned better than to speak if not directly, expressly addressed when such a look crossed her husband's face. What little patience he possessed was totally absent in a moment such as this. She would make herself as small and meek as she could appear. "From what I have discerned in his sprawling missive, is that it is the express wish of his patronesses to show his familial duty in both honoring his father, AND in finding a wife! He must set an example for his parishioners after all." He took two strong strides toward her, his eyes carrying the steely glint of barely contained rage. Jane willed herself to crane her neck so that she might look up at him. This seemed to give him a dark sort of pleasure, to be admired from below. "This Lady Catherine oversteps herself. She may be the wife or daughter of some good for nothing noble, but the Collins family is gentry, and she would do well to remember it. Her circle may be the first, but her class is the same. How dare she command a gentleman of her own sphere? And to send him to Meryton where she knows the Collins family to be the best in the neighborhood? Who does she expect him to find in Hertfordshire worthy of the Collins line? She insults us with her edicts. We are a proud family, are we not Mrs. Collins?" "Yes, Mr. Collins." came the soft, steady, reply. "Ha!" He barked humorlessly, throwing a large calloused hand to the air in exasperation, "Proud indeed! What good is the pride of my name when that pathetic, spineless boy carries it forward? A respectable living and a respectable inheritance have taught him nothing! To bow and scrape and comply with the demands of a woman, just because he thinks her father worth more than myself! I shall box him soundly upon his arrival here, that is as proper a welcome as I can deem fit to give him. If that doesn't remind him of his place in this family, a proper thrashing with my crop will do the trick." As many years as Jane had been married, as well as she knew her husband, for she had made studying him her life's duty, mastering her natural aversion when he spoke so violently was still almost impossible. He knew how she hated the passion of his anger, and her revulsion to it only seemed to fuel the violent turns of his nature. Mr. Collins had spent so much of his life being looked down upon by betters, that his only pleasure was to look down on others in turn. To have others fear him, well that was simply euphoric. And though at times he realized he knew better, how could such temptation be ignored when there were so many smaller, weaker, softer, than himself in his household to tremble before him? She tried to drop her gaze and swallow her grimace, but he caught it all the same. A weather worn hand grasped Jane's chin. His grip was not truly painful, but it forced her head to tilt back, exposing the length of her slender neck. It was a command backed by a threat. She had no choice but to obey or to directly defy the angry man. And so Jane looked where her husband lead her. Fields of cornflowers stared into a black abyss. "If something I have said displeases you Mrs. Collins, will you not speak it?" Jane prayed that he did not feel her gulp down her nerves. "No sir," she replied, her voice even with years of practice, "you are the head of Longborne, and as such your opinions hold the greatest value in our house. I have the soft heart of a woman, I must leave such judgments to your purview. Surely you know better than I do." Her husband's lips turned up in the mockery of a smile. "You would do well to remember it, Mrs. Collins." A calloused thumb roughly passed over Jane's lower lip, pressing the corners up into a forced smile. "You are fortunate to be so comely, for you have nothing else to recommend you." His eyes brightened with the pleasure of insulting her. "Is that not correct?" Jane prayed that the blood rushing to her face in anger would present itself as a becoming blush. She had never imagined she would be bound to a man with such a hateful heart, but by any law, he owned her, and could do with her as pleased for the most part. She had learned long ago that defending herself against such attacks on her character only tempted him to commit further injury to both her spirit and her person. "Yes." She answered. The dark orbs gazing down at her crackled with intensity. "Yes?" He asked, the word hanging with a question. "Yes, sir." his wife corrected. He released her chin with a small slap to her flushed cheek. It was a not enough of a hit to cause any injury outside of her abject mortification, but her husband far preferred to land blows to her pride rather than mar her comely face. "Good girl." He replied smugly. William Collins took a step back, drinking in the site of his beautiful and submissive wife, trembling ever so slightly before him. He did not smile, but his shoulders rolled back with self satisfaction at the pretty picture of obedience she made before him. "Well get up." He spat, pulling the delicate piece of lace she worked on from her hands and throwing it to the floorboards beside her. "You have useful employment to occupy yourself with now." "Indeed," Jane answered, rising dutifully, "there is much to be done." Next Chapter coming SOON! (for me) Thanks for reading and as always please leave your thoughts!
Author's Notes: Thank you all so much for the favorites, follows, and reviews after a very long absence. It really helps to inspire writing to hear feedback, as I'm sure any author will attest to. I've actually managed to follow through on promise for once and am getting the next chapter out with a decent amount of time. The next chapter has been started. I did have one reviewer critique my grammar and spelling pretty harshly. I would just like to say again that this story does not have a BETA or any editor of any sort at this point in time. Typos are going to happen. I think I have a fair context for grammar, but I'm also a human being prone to mistakes. If you want to read a technically flawless document, please stick to professionally published pieces. For those of you who have posted reviews pointing out specific mistakes, THANK YOU! that kind of constructive criticism actually is very helpful. General comments that this story is unedited are not. I already know that, and so should you. Darcy, The little season has begun in earnest, and I despair of the society I have seen so far. Perhaps war has changed me in more than the obvious way, for I find the busy nothings of the Ton more tedious than ever. Outside of visiting with Georgiana, there is little pleasure to be had here, and I almost long to hear my summons from the War Office! That is a sentence I never thought to write to you, cousin. Yet it is true - England may be at war, but the drawing rooms of London certainly are not. My army acquaintance gives me some relief from the gossip hounds, but we both know that my presence in Town always demands a certain amount of sacrifice made on the behalf of society, as my good parents are exceedingly fond of it. In fact, the Countess has started this season with a new project in mind - they apparently had some sort of falling out with their last illustrious artist and have decided to extend their patronage elsewhere. Indeed, I was somewhat alarmed to learn that they have decided to reestablish themselves in the theatre. After the retirement of Mrs. Siddons, you know Mother lost much of her interest in that field, finding no other performer as capable as that great lady, however a certain someone has sparked her interest once again. I confess, I wasted an entire sheet of parchment in my original copy of this letter, for at first I thought I should conceal my seeing her from your notice, but I finally decided that such concealment is beneath us both. The Earl and Countess are quite taken with the charming Miss Bernard, and indeed, I found myself glad to see her, though I had told myself many times to remain stern and aloof for your sake. I hope you can forgive this weakness in my character. Your Miss Bernard was always a fascinating creature - intelligent, lively, such playful airs that conversing with her can be nothing except pleasant. I know very well that her refusal injured you, but surely after almost three years, you have recovered sufficiently to hear tidings of our friend and wish her well. Truthfully, it was a most imprudent match, the very idea of it as incredulous as it was hysterically romantic of you. She spared you from making a grievous error in that regard. She also spared dear Georgiana's the indignity of a having a very scandalous connection during her own search for a respectable marriage partner. I digress. Logically, you were fully aware of all the obstacles such a union presented, and I know you need not have me remind you of them. I suppose in writing of them I hope to soften the blow for you of knowing she has been much in the company of our family these past few weeks, and you are likely to see her on more than one occasion when you finally deign to grace us with your presence in Town. I can not let you walk into the battlefield unprepared to face such an enormous foe as unrequited love. You can not avoid us for the entirety of the season, lest you greatly disappoint a sister who looks up to you as a father, but perhaps you will decide to remain with Bingley through to the holidays. Miss Bernard's working calendar begins in earnest in January, and as she will be playing the title role in one of the bard's most romantic classics (do I dare to write the name?) she will be much engaged during that time of the year, and you will find it significantly easier to evade her company, if that is your design. I must give her all the credit in the world for her skills as a performer. On the first evening we were reintroduced, Mother had her recite several sonnets, and Miss Bernard obliged the company with enormous talent. Indeed, the room became quite emotional with her performance, even I, hardened soldier as I am, was not unmoved. However, there was one deficiency in her set that evening that did not go unnoticed, by myself at least. At the end of the evening, I was able to engage with Miss Bernard in a private tete-a-tete in which we discussed our mutual acquaintance. I had assumed that we would politely circle around your name, both knowing how awkward such a subject would be to bring up between us! Yet, for all her training, Miss Bernard could not help but to ask about you directly when I communicated that you were in the country for the little season, indeed, when she heard the name of the county she grew pale and seemed almost shocked. She seemed to take a very eager interest in your concerns. Perhaps someone less known to her would have not noticed such an event, for she recovered with grace, and yet I, who spent some time in greater intimacy with that lady, could not help but to detect her discomposure. I know not why I write to you of these events. What began as a fair warning seems to have twisted into sufficient encouragement of a continuance of your inadvisable attachment. I dare not suggest that you make such a reprehensible connection, especially before our ward is properly placed in society, however my integrity must guide me in all my actions. There was such a queerness to Miss Bernard's reaction that it can not be over looked in my missive. Regardless of how things were left between you, the lady in question is not indifferent. It is only fitting that you should be in full possession of all knowledge before you meet with her again. With this thought, I must bid you adieu, my calendar is so full of tedium that I scarcely can find the time for writing. Pray respond quickly with glad tidings of a heart unaffected by news of old interests, and a wit ready to evicerate Bingley's playing at the gentleman to a willing audience. Know that I am the perfect correspondent to laugh at all your friends' foibles with — I have no head for gossip, nor any acquaintances in the same circle as that gentleman from the North. I am very eager to hear how he and his sisters with their Town manners enjoy quiet country living. Yours, Richard Fitzwilliam Had Fitzwilliam Darcy known upon receipt of a lengthy letter from his cousin that is contain news of such an alarming nature, dwelling most expressly on the subject he most often tried to forget, he would have perhaps waited to be in the privacy of his own rooms before opening the missive. As it was, when the post came he had eagerly sat down to read, for Miss Bingley's conversation was particularly grating when she had little to entertain her beside the sound of her own voice. The weather was unfavorable for shooting as it seemed as though the heavens would open at any moment, and it seemed needlessly risky to force the sport. The company was generally listless, and his hostess especially so. Her eye was constantly turned toward him, looking for any opportunity to open a conversation or tend to to a perceived need of his, any way in which she could prove herself as consummate hostess and desirable marriage partner. The attention was officious, and Darcy only bore it with politeness for the sake of his friendship with her brother. In many ways he could not blame Miss Bingley for attempting to attract his notice. Did he not have every trait possible to be a good match for her, or any woman? Would it not be more strange as a single woman that she be disinterested in him? With a melancholy half smile, he shook his head at his own thoughts. In one way he was indeed, very deficient. In a very harsh lesson, he had became aware that he lacked all the skills necessary of pleasing a woman worthy of being pleased. That he had always despised those who sought him out due to his family connections and personal wealth, yet had done nothing to offer a woman any more than that was a very ridiculous irony. He could not pretend that Richard's letter did not discompose him, knowing that it would be very likely that he would be frequently in Adelaide's company once again, yet his heart secretly delighted in the prospect. In a society where others saw only the Master of Pemberly, Adelaide Bernard had been introduced to Mr. Darcy, a man. Her history unknown and her education at the hands of an artist and foreigner, she had a sort of irreverent attitude toward rank and could converse with ease with anyone she was introduced to. Darcy had never been so comfortable in a woman's society outside of his family circle as he was with hers, and that comfort rapidly transformed into an intoxicating attraction. At first, he had barely seen her as handsome, in fact he had once declined an introduction to her at a ball, seeing her as an unfortunately plain, grasping actress, and wondering how she had ever been invited to begin with. Then, a few short months later, Benito Forelli had unveiled his latest masterpiece, "Weeping Venus". All of London was in a rage over the piece, which could not be more perfectly timed with the revival of popularity with the classics. He had been dragged to see it by the normal social rigors of the day, had been absolutely struck by the beauty of the model and intensity of the pain in her very fine eyes, eyes that seemed to leap off the page and lock into his mind. Darcy had of course seen "The Laughing Venus" and appreciated the lush curves of the model as much as the artist's skill in depicting them. It had been several years since that painting had adorned the Duke _'s home, and somewhat faded from his memory. It was only during the viewing of Forelli's latest work that he realized he had rejected an introduction to the darling muse of society. When they next were in company together, Darcy did not behave nearly as boorishly as he had done previously. He quickly realized that Miss Bernard had perfectly genteel manners and excellent breeding, even if she had a certain sort of conceited independence in her manner. However, she was so arch and playful that she was incapable of causing offense, no matter how shocking her opinion or how decidedly she gave it for so young a person. To Darcy she was everything delightful. Darcy called frequently and became quite a fixture at her at-homes, though he rarely had much to contribute to the conversation. When he discovered her walking at Hyde Park during the less fashionable hours, he found himself making a habit of frequently the same times and pathways quite unconsciously. She was a force that drew him in. Little did he realize that Miss Bernard found him a strange man, taciturn and proud. When the violence of his affections finally overcame him to the point of making her an honorable offer, she had been completely shocked to be the recipient of his affections and had not hesitated to make them known. "Can my cousin be correct?" He mused, his eyes scanning the paragraphs about the lady in question for any hidden nuances he may have previously over looked. "It can not be, I know how little she thinks of me! Would that I had behaved in a more gentleman-like manner, as her reproof called upon me to do!" Still, there was an even more interesting piece to the report than the wishes of his own heart. Darcy had been amongst Meryton society for only a few short hours when he had been struck with the remarkable similarity of countenance between his own Miss Bernard, and one Miss Mary Bennet, of the nearest neighboring estate, Longbourne. At first he had not been able to place why his eye kept turning toward the unremarkable girl. Pleasant looking enough but by no means a classical beauty, there was no obvious reason Mary Bennet should attract his notice. Darcy was used to the highest levels of society and therefore had seen all the most beautiful debutantes paraded before him. A slip of a girl like her was nothing that would turn his head. It was only until she had spoken to him, polite, yet cool and almost irritated, that he had been struck by the comparison between this country miss and the woman he ardently loved. He had always been curious about the background of the actress who had stolen his heart, though he had always supposed it could not be anything close to illustrious. His happiest thought that perhaps she was a natural daughter of a member of gentry, for her breeding showed her to have all the skills and talents of any gentleman's daughter. However that hypothesis seemed unlikely as no rumors began as her star started to rise in London society. Surely someone would wish to claim her, even if only furtively. When Darcy was first struck by the notion of how much Miss Bennet reminded him of Miss Bernard, he had become somewhat attached to the idea that there may be a connection. What he learned of the family did not naturally encourage the supposition, however it did not fully distinguish the notion either. The Bennet family was comprised of several daughters, and while the eldest had married her father's heir and become Mrs. Collins, all the younger Miss Bennets were unmarried and described as being away. From what he understood, they had been raised by other relatives in Town and elsewhere. It was difficult for him to pin down clear and exact answers to these questions while remaining circumspect in his inquiry. It had been clear that his arrival and that of his friend in the neighborhood had given rise to some hopes that either single gentleman might attach themselves to one of the local ladies, and to inquire minutely into the family details of Longbourne might generate speculation he had no wish to foster. But now his cousin's letter had created a need for further investigation into the matter. It could not be that Darcy was simply a lovesick fool seeing hints of the object of his admiration in strange women, not with such a testimony before him. She had asked after him by name, asked and been alarmed to learn that he was in Hertfordshire, of all places. Could this be a coincidence? How unlikely such things were! There was nothing for it. Darcy must learn everything about the Bennet family he could, and with alacrity. Without ceremony he stood, crossing the parlor to the writing desk. His party looked on, somewhat startled by his abrupt movement. "Not bads news I hope, Darcy." his congenial friend began with concern. "What?" "Your letter man! You have quite the agitated look." "Indeed dear Mr. Darcy, you do look very ill. Is there anything I can do for you present relief? Shall I ring for tea?" added his cloying sister. "No, I thank you, pardon my interruption. Only a pressing matter of business which I must respond to with haste. I beg you would excuse me." "Certainly we shall not delay you for an instant, but allow me to ring for tea so you may soothe your present agitation. A clear head can only be a balm in situations such as this." Defeated by the politeness of his hosts, Darcy sighed. "Very well. I thank you." Just as Miss Bingley had finished her instructions for tea, a footman came forward and announced callers. "Mrs. Collins, Miss Bennet, Mr Collins Sr and Mr. Collins for Miss Bingley." The parties all rose with the announcement, though with varying degrees of pleasure at the callers. It was only polite that they should return the call after personally being invited to the ball, that it should be the very next day was beyond the established modes of decency. For Darcy's part, he could barely believe that they were at the door step, it was as if the turmoil of his own mind had summoned the family hither. Alarmed, at his on discomposure, he turned toward the window to collect his thoughts as the family arrived. The Master of Longbourne strode through the threshold with all the advantages that height and proud bearing could deliver. He was the sort of man who seemed to fill any space he occupied, and the other members of his party trailed in his wake looking decidedly smaller and meeker than they did when standing apart from him. Bingley was quick to greet his guests, his affability even more pronounced than was typical for that gentleman. "Good day to you all! Will you not make yourselves comfortable? Caroline has just rung for tea, and will instruct Mrs. Nichols to add more settings presently. It is excessively kind of you to call on so bleak a day!" The Longbourne party returned his greetings with all the usual manners of politeness, though some were more capable of expressing it than others. Mrs. Collins seemed to sparkle under the warmth of the address, and with similar warmth to her host's, added, "Please allow me to introduce our son to you - this is Mr. William Collins, of Kent." The unknown gentleman bowed once again, in unusually low a fashion. He was a tall man, though barely touching Darcy's stateliness, and falling far short of his own father. His air was grave and formal, as if he was being presented to royalty rather than a simple idle gentleman of wealth and no important connections. "I am exceedingly pleased to meet you sir, and all your fine family. You are prodigiously kind to receive me." "It is our pleasure sir! Any family of Mrs. Collins must be welcome at Netherfield!" "Please, do be seated," added his hostess, with a tone that stated she much rather they did not. The group heeded her words, arranging themselves with quickly. Darcy watched from his vantage point by the window and noticed that Mrs. Collins somehow sat Miss Bennet next to his friend. It was only a gentle touch from one sisters arm to another, but that had been enough for Miss Bennet to follow the lead her sister presented. Darcy did not enjoy the machinations of hungry husband women, but he could not help but admire how subtly Mrs. Collins deployed her craft. Her husband she quietly diverted toward Mr. Hurst, a simple question of what birds he had caught so far in his time in Hertfordshire allowing a dialogue to open between one self important gentleman and one who had no interest in conversation outside of his own habits. For her own part, Mrs. Collins arranged herself on the settee closest to Miss Bingley, so that she could control the flow of conversation by engaging the hostess. The lady of Longborne seemed to have little to say, though the intelligent look in her startlingly blue eyes betrayed something of an inner dialogue. Darcy found that he could not help but envision a hazel brown set in their place with that same look — was such mental capacity a family trait? He was longing to uncover the truth, even if that truth was simply willful self deception. However, it was the younger Collins who would demand his attention. He approached where Darcy stood by the window, effusing apologies at his assumptions - Darcy watched the approach in astonishment, thinking the younger man who addressed him had something to his look of a dog who had received a kick or two by his master - and heard the following speech with incredulity. "Mr. Darcy, you must allow me to convey to you my humblest regrets at not seeking you out as soon as I had been admitted to Hertfordshire society. Only the delay of addressing my excellent father and step-mother with all the proper civilities necessitated by an absence of some duration could have prevented my making myself known to you as soon as possible upon my arrival in this county." Darcy inclined his head, thoroughly confused as to why this timid, bumbling man would feel any need to address him personally without an introduction. He opened his mouth to ask that question with all the politeness his own consternation would allow when that gentleman continued, as if anticipating Darcy's address. "Indeed, you are Fitzwilliam Darcy, Master of Pemberly, are you not? This is the information provided to me by father, and I could not think so little of his understanding as to assume he has been mistaken in this regard. Therefore, you must allow me to tell you that your aunt, the Honorable Lady Catherine DeBourgh, and your cousin Miss DeBourgh, were both in excellent health and good spirits upon my departure from Kent, just under one week ago." His immediate distaste for the younger gentleman begged for Darcy to extricate himself from such tiresome conversation by any means necessary, yet with thoughts of Adelaide so fresh in his mind, he could not. "Had you behaved in a more gentleman-like manner," applied to his manners toward all his acquaintance, not just the mode of his address. He nodded with all the congeniality he could muster. "I thank you, sir." He paused, then added, "May I enquire as to how you are acquainted with my family?" "Indeed, sir! I apologize for not beginning my address with how I should have such intimate knowledge of so great a lady! Your aunt, Lady Catherine, is my patroness. I have recently received my ordination and been granted the living at Hunsford. She could not have bestowed it on more grateful a recipient, I assure you." "She had mentioned that she had acquired a new parson for the position in one of her letters. I congratulate you on your good fortune." "Thank you, sir! Indeed your aunt is all affability and kind condescension. Nothing is above her purview from the shelves in my closets to the sermons I deliver to her flock weekly. It is quite beyond what I had ever imagined for myself. I am excessively flattered by all her attentions to a person so humble as myself." Darcy noticed the head of the Collins Sr rise sharply with his son's words. From his seat with Hurst, he barked, "Nothing more important than the attentions of a noble to someone as lowly as you, is there?" The son paled with his father's tone. "Sir, you misunderstand me." He said with a wince, his arm raising to rub nervously along the back of his neck. "Do I?" It was not a question, but a warning. The attention or the entire party turned toward the exchange. Mrs. Collins seemed to eye the pair warily, a pleasant smile plastered on her face even as her eyes sharpened to take in the scene. Her sister's face set in a grim line, her intelligent eyes sparking with barely contained anger. Darcy's own party, clearly unaware of some subtext to the conversation at hand had their own reactions. Bingley appeared anxious, glancing rapidly around the room at his guests, attempting to discern a way to cut the tension. His sisters smirked at one another, barely keeping their amusement at this display of ill breeding in check. Hurst was annoyed to have a perfectly good anecdote about brace of birds he had shot in the beginning of the week be interrupted for family squabbles. The younger Collins' hand stretched along the line of his cravat, and his words seemed to stumble from his mouth. "I, what I meant to imply, indeed, what I have been saying to Mr. Darcy, is…" The kicked dog of a man looked toward Darcy with a plea in his large brown eyes. Beads of perspiration had begun to form along his hairline. Darcy could not help but take pity on the man, and said, "It is rare, for someone of Lady Catherine's rank to give much attention to her parson outside of the typical civilities. I see my own rector outside of services but a few times a year. From what I understand from my aunt, Lady Catherine has Mr. Collins to dine regularly. She does him a great honor." The elder man's black eyes narrowed, and his chest rose as he straightened his back in the seat, as if to make himself appear as large as he possibly could. "My son is the heir of Longborne, he is a landed a gentleman. I do not see how such civilities go beyond his due as a member of her own class. She would dishonor him and the entire Collins family to invite him any less. The boy puts too much stock into the opinion of others. Do not encourage such a servility of manner in him." Darcy was almost sure he heard a snicker escape one of the superior sisters, but could not be certain. He was about to reply when that gentleman's wife interjected. "My dear husband," She said with a purr, her pretty blue eyes peering up at him through eyelashes that fluttered attractively, "no one would dare to question the respectability of the Collins family. Though untitled, our family have ties to these lands that go back for hundreds of years. Only a fool would try to imply otherwise. It is simply that Lady Catherine is such an unusually generous neighbor that surprises our son so. Indeed Mr. Darcy has owned that even he does not mix with his neighbors nearly as much as his aunt does. I dare say even we do not entertain nearly so much as Lady Catherine, for we have been remiss in inviting our neighbors to dine of late, have we not? The present company has not been to dine at Longborne, though soon we will dance at Netherfield." Collins chin lifted with pride at his wife's words. His black eyes seemed to glint with steely satisfaction. "You are quite correct Mrs. Collins, let it not be said that a family as old and proud as the Collins's have forgotten their place in society. In fact, our purpose in calling today was to invite you all for a dinner party this coming Friday." The tension began to dispel with his words. Darcy felt the gentleman standing next to him let out a quiet breath that he had been unaware he was holding in. He glanced at that gentleman from the corner of his eye as he adjusted his collar. The faintest hint of a purple bruise was exposed for a brief moment before being hidden from view. Bingley was quick to jump at the invitation and change the direction of the conversation. Carried along by the kindness of the host and supercilious comments of the hostess, the quarter hour meeting soon came to an end. The Collins family made their goodbyes, and were shown out in the usual fashion. His mind racing with the events of the morning, Darcy paced about the drawing room. He happened to pass by the window facing the drive as the Collins carriage was exiting. Pausing in contemplation of that family, Darcy stopped for a moment to watch their departure. They were close to the edge of the grounds that would lead to the road to Longborne, close to being out of Darcy's site, though still enough in range to make out the carriage. He was about to turn away when he realized that it had stopped. In astonishment, Darcy watched the heir of Longborne descend from the family's equipage. He had a great coat and hat, but little else to protect himself from the grey autumn day that was rapidly growing black. The carriage the took off, mud flicking from the wheels and splattering the son and guest of the "proud and ancient family" of Hertfordshire. He saw the unmistakable figure of his new acquaintance pause for a moment, his head hanging, and then begin walking in the path the carriage had gone. Disgusted by what he had witnessed, Darcy turned away abruptly. He sat down at the writing desk, ignoring invitations from his hostess to take a turn at cards. Something was not quite right with the Collins family, of that Darcy was now certain. According to Richard's letter, Adelaide had appeared almost frightened to learn he was in Hertfordshire. It was time to learn everything he could about her and this place he had unwittingly come to. Darcy began a letter, but not a reply to his cousin, it was time to start a different dialogue entirely - a correspondence with Bow Street. Just as he was coming toward a conclusion of his missive, the rain finally let loose with an unexpected ferocity. Concern immediately flooded Darcy. It had not been nearly enough time for the younger Collins to converse the four miles back to Longborne. The poor man was sure to be wet through. He stood, and addressed Miss Bingley, all the while cursing himself for his own foolishness. "Please ring the bell at once, I need a pair of horses saddled immediately." His hosts were aghast at the notion. "Good God man!" Bingley cried, "whatever can you be about?" "Mr. Darcy, I beseech you, whatever business propels you out of doors can surely wait!" He frowned with gravity. "I am afraid that I can not be delayed. I overheard Mr. Collins tell his family that he would seek his exercise and return to Longborn on foot. I am sure that he must be caught in this storm and can not, in good conscious, leave him to elements. Bingley immediately rose, concern etched across his countenance. "Are you quite certain?" The poor man's head hanging flashed across Darcy's vision. "Decidedly so, I actually observed him embark on foot from the window." "Caroline, please ring the bell at once! We have not an insistence to lose!" Caroline scowled, but did as she was bid. "I shall tell Mrs. Nichols to prepare some hot baths as well, for now not only will Mr. Collins be close to catching his death, but the pair of you as well! Such whim and folly, surely a man who has lived in this area for years knows where to take refuge during a bit of rain." Darcy's frown only increased at the severity of her tone, but Bingley beamed. "That is very good of you Caroline, a splendid idea. Now come Darcy - we must dress for a very wet ride." Darcy bowed to his hostess. "I thank you for your assistance Miss Bingley. Charles, let's be off." Author's Notes: So here we are! That action is finally starting to really take off - - looking forward to hearing all your theories and questions about what's going to happen next. I love the feedback and seeing how far on or off the mark everyone is, it's a lot of fun! Thank you again to my readers, I hope you all enjoyed!
Author's Notes: I am truly floored by the amount of response to the previous chapter. I also received a few PM's encouraging me to ignore the trolls and keep on writing - thank you very much for your support. I'm following your advice. I'm happy to report that I may have a Beta soon to help clean things up a bit as well. Still working that relationship out, but in the mean time I didn't want to keep you all waiting for the next chapter. TRIGGER WARNING: This chapter deals with the subject of violence - the acts are not described but the after math is to a degree. I believe this content falls under my initial rating and previous warnings, but if reviewers feel that the rating should be increased I will do so. Please let me know. PS: I took some historical liberty by dropping the name Fielding Brothers when referencing the Bow Street Runners. When I did some research into Bow Street I read about the founding members and thought their story was so neat. They both would have been dead by the time this story takes place. They won't be important characters in the story. When I hopefully edit this story in the future I'll do further research to make it more period accurate. If you want an interesting read I suggest looking them up though. Benito Forelli was an old man. Every day that he awoke, he felt that age laying more heavily on him than it had the day previously. Another day older, another day of weight. Tired hands lovingly caressed an easel where a sketch of Adelaide - no, Lizzy! - sat. His muse was reading a copy of Shakespeare in a simple day dress, wild curls escaping her coiffure and framing her face like a halo. The eyes that so arrested him were dedicated to the page, lost in another's story. This wasn't a drawing of Venus, Goddess of Love, but rather, a simple portrait of an English rose. He hoped that he did her justice, without the trappings of fantasy surrounding her. Her fame was only growing, and so few people realized that she was a simple country gentleman's daughter, surrounded as she was by such an air of mystery. As if summoned by the turn of his thoughts, his muse appeared before him, dressed for a turn out of doors. "Good morning, Padre." She said, placing a gentle kiss on his cheek. "And a very good morning to you my little dove," He replied in his lilting accent, "are you to the park?" "Indeed I am. I must get out of doors while the weather remains fine, and before Lady Fitzwilliam has any opportunity to call. I am utterly spent." She smiled at him in her teasing way, those eyes dancing with amusement. It warmed him to see his charge looking so happy. A copy of Romeo and Juliet peaked out from her reticule, and pencil smudged her gloves. "You do not go alone, I see." She laughed, bright and sparkling. "No indeed, there is much work to be done before our next rehearsal. Thompson shall have my neck if I do not impress this week. And I can not achieve any work inside when the sun is shining so warmly." Her usual companion was already waiting by the door to escort her. "Go then," the old man answered with laugh of his own, "I know better than to try and keep woodland sprites in the home. You would be much better cast in A Midsummer Night's Dream, I dare say." She smiled and was off - little dove stretching her wings on the streets of London. How glorious it felt to leave the confines of the home and her endless parade of callers and appointments for the simple pleasure of an invigorating walk and a bit of studying her lines. In moment such as this, the actress Elizabeth Bennet could finally own that playing the role of Adelaide Bernard was beginning to wear thin. Ever since she had confessed her true family name to Signore Forelli, she had felt a growing longing to be free of her disguise and to revisit hearth and home. It was an impossibility, of course. Her safety, and especially the safety of her sisters, compelled her to remain hidden. The place of her childhood was lost to her, and yet every day that passed it called to her in a way that it hadn't since those first months after she had left it behind. In just a few short months, she would be one-and-twenty, and her majority would finally be achieved. Her official guardian, such as he was, would no longer have any power of her whatsoever. She had made a name for herself, had some money of her own, perhaps it was time to begin her plan of freeing her sisters from the same tyrant that sought control of her. As she dwelled on her enemy, she felt her heart begin to race with the same sort of fear that had consumed her as a young girl. Elizabeth increased her pace, forcing herself to rise above her own mind's attempts to intimidate her. "There is no shame in my being afraid of him," she reminded herself, "the man is a murderer." Finally, she had reached the park. Being significantly earlier than the fashionable hour, there was enough space for Elizabeth to be alone with her thoughts, a silent footman keeping pace with her for her protection. Her evidence of the murder was uncorroborated, and the memory of a thirteen year old girl who then ran away from home and became an actress was the stuff for scandal sheets, not a court room. Was it time to finally contact Bow Street? Her mind mulled over the options before her, forgetting Juliet entirely. She had the letter. That much was true, and it must count for something. If the famous Fielding brothers could but track down this character Malvern who had written it, or the maid he had written of! It seemed a fantastic notion that she could bring justice to her father some eight years after his death, but she could not simply let the matter rest. He had no sons to avenge him, and so it must be a daughter who brought about the justice that was merited for a crime as heinous as this. As usual, the twists and turns of her conscious always lead her back to Jane. Jane who had been unwittingly forced into marriage with her father's murderer. Jane who was so gentle and kind that she may have learned to love him, Jane who may have borne him children at this point. Would making moves against her husband free Jane from his tyranny or would it dishearten her and attach her to shame? Would Jane's kind heart even allow her to believe in the possibility of so dark a truth? Elizabeth shook her head in attempt to dispel the gloom of her own thoughts. It was one of many possibilities that Jane may never forgive her, but could God and the ghost of dear Papa ever forgive her for simply allowing a murderer to go free? She had to at least try to achieve justice for him and for his family, and if she truly lost Jane because of it….well, she had been living this long with only memories of her as it was, had she not? It was a true and unwavering love for all her sisters that had pushed Elizabeth to become Adelaide and make her own way in the world. Her ambition being that she she could one day provide for the Bennet orphans as their parents ought to have done. There was such little employment offered to women, and none of them promised that she would ever acquire the kind of wealth needed to support a family. Cunning had brought her to Forelli's door, when she had no other options of where to go. Luck had treated her kindly when he pitied her and invited to stay. Opportunity had then presented itself in a year or two, as she had been permitted to mix with company, and that company was the world of art. But if love of her sisters had driven Elizabeth toward her career, it was for the love of Jane alone that she had run away, and for that same love that she stayed away still. It had not been long after Mr. Collins had arrived at Longbourn to claim his inheritance before Elizabeth had began to grow a deep distrust for the man. He was cold, almost emotionless, and large and imposing enough of a figure that he must be naturally intimidating to any young lady. His ink-like black eyes were shrewd and hawkish, constantly assessing the girls now under his care. Elizabeth was only just past thirteen, and not yet out in society, but instinctively she had known something was very wrong with the way his cold, black pools would linger on Jane. During the first six months of mourning, their Aunt Gardiner had stayed at Longbourn to properly chaperone the girls, and to help mind the younger children. Her husband, had frequently traveled between London and Hertfordshire, attempting to run a business and care for his family. There had been talk of affiancing Jane to Mr. Collins' son William, at the time only seventeen to Jane's fifteen. It had seemed to make sense to all parties, and Jane was reconciled to the match. Master Collins was about to enter university with the goal of eventually receiving his ordination, and so it was determined that they would be married once that goal had been accomplished. What to do with the other girl had required much more debate, ultimately ending in a division of the family. They were to be separated, with the youngest pair being sent away to school with the combined funds of London and Longbourn. Jane and Mary would stay with their Aunt and Uncle Phillips in Meryton until Jane was married. Elizabeth had been meant to stay with the Gardiner family, and when Mrs. Gardiner had been obliged to return to London, Elizabeth went with her. It was during that time that she had first been sketched by Signore Forelli, and in her absence at Longbourn, a terrible scheme had been created. Elizabeth had stayed only two months entirely when a letter came to Gracechurch St, a letter saying that the first of the banns had been announced for Jane's marriage to Mr. Collins Sr. The whole family had been in an uproar. There must be some kind of mistake! Whatever could this mean? Letters sent by express went unanswered. Finally a letter came from Mr. Collins solicitor, advising Mr. Gardiner and Mr. Phillips review the marriage contract they had signed. What they found had shocked them all. Everything was perfectly legal about the match, for the guardians had signed the contract themselves, not realizing which Collins man they had promised their sweet niece to. Father and son shared the same name. They had no way of proving in the courts that it was to the latter of the pair that they had affianced their niece. The marriage must continue. Elizabeth had been terrified for Jane. She begged to go to the wedding, and then when back at Longbourn, she begged to stay with her sister. The sisters were so glad to be reunited, and so loathed to be parted, that the group of guardians founds themselves acquiescing to the scheme. Jane was married now, and as such was qualified to chaperone her sisters. However Elizabeth had ulterior motives. She did not trust Jane's husband and feared for Jane's well being in his care. She had been correct to think so. He was not a man to be trusted. The first few months had been very hard indeed. Collins resented that he could not be rid of all the Bennet sisters and keep Jane to himself. He had married her for one reason, and that was to enjoy the pleasures of a beautiful young woman's flesh whenever he so desired. In his mind it was his due as master of a fine estate to have a pretty young thing for a bride. Oh he might had gone to London to search for Mistress of Longbourn with a dowry, but he was no fool. A season in town was a costly affair, and he had no desire to spend any more of his income chasing debutantes after he had been forced to provide for a bevy of penniless girls already. Here was perhaps one of the most lush English roses the whole country could offer him, and she was already tied to his family name. Why should his fool of a son get to enjoy such delectable flesh while the master of the estate went to a cold bed every night? After all, an estate needed a mistress to attend to household matters, and a master would benefit by the other domestic comforts a woman could provide. A future parson would do very well as a bachelor for a few years. Indeed, he may not even be able to afford to marry if he could not secure a position straight away. In the father's eyes, Jane belonged to him and to Longbourn. He would have her. He went to the church and asked the banns to be called. He did not consult with his future wife or her family. He had decided it was time to have Jane, and he would not be deterred by any of them. He had no mind to consider her age, temperament, or the trauma of loss she had experienced when he took Jane as his wife, only his own desires in how he wished to have his bed and his household attended to. The Collins family had always been a cold one. Spare the rod, spoil the child, an edict. He had little patience for sixteen year old Jane's discomfort or unhappiness, and his way of guiding his wife to better behavior was a philosophy based in the principal of punishment. However, he could not mold his young wife precisely to his bidding. His treatment of Jane had to be curtailed by the watchful, resentful, eyes of her clever little sister. Though there was little the family or the law could do to part a couple who's marriage had been sanctioned by the church, being new in the community meant that was a strong need for Collins to put his best face forward. By having Elizabeth witness to their domestic scenes, she created just enough of a barrier to his most base behavior, knowing that she could ruin his reputation in the community with any talk of Jane's ill treatment by his hand. For his own part, he believed in the righteousness of his own path, however he was clever enough to realize just how tenuous his place in society was, how fondly and sympathetically the community viewed the Bennet orphans. He loathed Elizabeth, the impertinent chit, but new not how to be rid of her. Providence had provided that opportunity, when Elizabeth had discovered his crime. Elizabeth paused her walk, leaning underneath the shade of tall tree, it's leaves half turned yellow and glowing gold in the gentle morning light. She would never be able to forget the day she had learned her father was murdered. She would never shake that upsetting scene from her memory. She could lock it away for moments, she could smile, and laugh, and pretend she was another woman with another life, but that memory always lurked just below her surface. If she closed her eyes for just a moment, she could call the whole scene forward. The stables. A clear blue afternoon. Jane had taken her afternoons to continue Elizabeth's education, and finally relented in French conjugations when she saw how restlessly her sister stirred. With a laugh, she had set her off, telling her to take an hour's recess and return in a more studious frame of mind. Elizabeth had always enjoyed learning, and read voraciously, but she truly detested the tedium of her more lady-like studies with Jane. At first she had protested, but soon she and realized that these times were a refuge for Jane. She was a wife now, and no longer permitted to sit with her sister and play like a girl. However, she may have a few hours uninterrupted with her, if they could be shown to have spent it in a productive fashion. So lessons continued, but Jane did not have enough of a selfish heart to keep her sister engaged indoors when it was a day as fine as that one. So Elizabeth had been freed from her studies. She was not permitted to wander the paths past the grounds of Longbourn. It had rankled her to have her rambling feet so contained, but for Jane's sake, she endured the restrictions in order to maintain harmony within the household. The park at Longbourn was not excessively large, a young girl with Elizabeth's boundless energy could make quick work of encircling the areas she was allowed to traverse. She had taken to visiting the stables when her other paths grew tiresome. The horses were typically at work on the home farm, and sometimes one of the barn cats would feel friendly enough to permit her a pat or two. Very occasionally she would encounter a stable hand, but never before that day had she heard hushed and angry voices near the back of the barn. Imp that she was, her natural inclination was to eavesdrop. A child of thirteen may commit much worse sins than that, and so unusual a scene in a life so confined and unvarying could not help but to pique a child's curiosity. From behind a hale bale, she heard the words. "Yer living mighty fine now, Collins, mighty fine indeed. A fellow can not help but be envious." "That you have the gall to approach me in my own home astounds me. I am the master here, and I shall have you removed for trespassing!" "Do as ya please, Master of the House, but I wonder at ya being so eager to hand me over to yer magistrate. A good magistrate has his ways of making a man get to talking, ya know." "I am sure you can have nothing to say to him, unless you are eager to meet a noose yourself." "Oh, I'm not so sure about that, my old friend. Ya see, a guilty man would be very eager to point his wagging finger any which way that may save him from the hang man. Only you have profited from old man Bennet's death. He was nothing to me at all, not even an acquaintance." "You mistake me for a fool. I have saved all your letters, kept them locked away in their own private box. A court would quickly determine that you have been extorting me, Malvern." Elizabeth heard the unknown man make a throaty laugh, thoroughly amused. "Ya mistake yerself for Clever Collins. My letters would seal yer fate. Very admissible in the court to prove yer own guilt." A pause. "What more can you want from me?" "Ya should have been honest with me from the start. An estate of yer own is no trifling inheritance. This land was worth killing for, and that ripe piece of fruit yer tuppin' worth dying for, I wager." Behind her hale bale, Elizabeth's ears rang, her heart raced. Could she possibly be hearing these words? Her hands gripped deeply into the hay, rooting her to the spot. "I have been more than generous in order to silence your tongue." "More than generous, ya say? More than generous with a one time payment of a few hundred pounds, when ya sit quite comfortable with a pretty little income for the rest of yer days? Yer greed will be yer downfall my fair weather friend. I helped ya kill a man, I confess it. I put that laudanum into yer hands knowing full well what ya intended to do with it. Is the price of my immortal soul so low?" "Low indeed! You agreed to it then, and now only have to be bitter at my own good fortune! You dare to lecture me on greed while seeking to satisfy your own. I will not be intimidated by the likes of you." Bile rose in Elizabeth's throat. The ringing increased. Here was her sister's husband, her own guardian, admitting that he had murdered her father. He was being blackmailed for the crime! What could she do? What should she do? "I'm not so simple to not know when the master gets his due. Ya shall hear from me every autumn to perpetuity. Yer a big fellow, but a stupid one. If ya think you can scare a man like myself, a man willing to a do a dirty deed like murder for so small a fee, you are very mistaken. I am not afraid of you, and yer idle threats. Ya needed an unsavory sort like me to complete the deed, and whereas you knew one very bad sort of man, a bad sort such as myself knows scores more, willing to work for less." Another pause. Collins voice lost some of its self assurance. "You will hang if I expose you." Another laugh. "Indeed I will, and so will you, my friend. My neck has been bound for the noose for a long time. It is only a matter of chance I've managed to evade it so far. No man wishes to die, but I've lived the sort of life where I've had to make friends with that old bitch death. Have you?" Another pause. The unknown man continued his speech, his voice taking on a gentle, persuasive note. "Come now, you and I both know you have not. Yer finally reaching a point in life where ya can be comfortable. Look at this finery yer living in, after spending most of yer life in hard labor. Look at that pretty little thing you have to keep yer pecker warm in the cold nights. Will yer mistaken pride really throw this all away so that ya can save yerself a bit of money ya won't even miss? No, ya aren't that foolish, Collins. Ya know I can't be scared, but I can be bought, and I don't aim for higher than what I know ya can afford. Just consider me an expense of running yer estate." A sigh of resignation. "How much do you require?" "200lbs per annum." "Two hundred pounds! Are you mad sir?" "I have it on good authority that yer estate pulls in about two-thousand in income, I think my number is very fair." "My income is hardly sufficient to provide for the bevy of children that bastard left behind. I am expected to provide for the insolent brats Bennet sired. I do not care for them, but my respectability must be maintained in this part of the world." "So take it from yer wife's pocket allowance for all I care. Dismiss a servant and put her soft little hands to work as your own did for so long. It is no business of mine how you must economize to provide me what I'm owed. Two hundred is my price to save yer neck from the hangman's noose. Will you pay it?" A pause that seemed to extend into infinity. Elizabeth's head pounded fiercely, her breath caught in her throat. "Very well." Footsteps. They were moving back toward the house. They approached. They approached! She would be discovered. The beating of her heart pounded in her ears, her vision became clustered with spots. She must move, she must hide. These terrible men could not know what she had heard! They could not know. She scanned the grounds around her, there was no where she could run that would not expose she had been hiding close by. The foot steps moved closer. What to do? What to do! They were coming closer every moment. The ringing in her ears intensified, suddenly she could hear nothing else. The clusters of spots in her vision were rapidly blocking out the light. Her vision narrowed. They were coming. They were coming! Her world went black. Elizabeth's eyes snapped open with a startle. Someone was calling her name. She was in Hyde Park on a lovely autumn morning, she was miles and years away from that dreadful day in Hertfordshire. Why it was Colonel Fitzwilliam! She must not give herself a way. A deep breath. Another. A forced smile. She squared her shoulders, the mask of Adelaide Bernard, consummate thespian, rising with his approach. Elizabeth Bennet of Longbourn must be left in Hertfordshire another day. vVvVvVvVv Three horses pounded along rapidly softening grounds, rain falling in torrents. Fitzwilliam Darcy thought for not the first time what a fool he had been to propose this errand, if he lost his seat for this foolish parson Georgianna would never forgive him. There had been some merit to Caroline's reproach, it was a folly indeed to chase after a man lost in a storm. Bingley grinned at him from his own horse. It was very wet and quite cold, but a hard ride was always exhilarating, and a hard ride with a purpose all the better. The pair had chosen to ride together down the main road to Longbourn. They had no idea how familiar Mr. Collins was with the lesser known pathways between the estates, but had been of a like mind that he did not seem to be a particularly athletic fellow. That he would stay along the well maintained roads seemed more likely than not. They did their best looking for foot prints and peering into closely grouped trees where a man might take shelter from a storm. It was Bingley who spotted the parson's hat laying in the mud of the road. He dismounted swiftly, and lifted the article up, turning toward Darcy with the item in hand. His smile had vanished. "Darcy, let's dismount and see if we can make out any tracks. Hopefully the poor sod is close!" Darcy did as he was bid, his keen eyes assessing the situation. They were near a junction in the road, marked by a large rock and a clearing of trees. They both began to bellow the man's name, hoping he was taking shelter near by and could hear them. At first their efforts appeared fruitless. Just as they had remounted, boots quite thoroughly soaked, about to take off once more in the direction of Longbourn, they saw a hand feebly raise from behind the boulder. "Good God!" Bingley cried, taking off toward it at a sprint. Darcy tied the horses and followed quickly on his heel. They reached their target to find the object of their search in much worse shape than either of them could have anticipated. Collins' eyes were closed, and his raised arm dropped beside him limply. He was soaked to the bone, and completely caked with mud. It became clear he had fallen and dragged himself toward the nearest structure he could find for some degree of shelter. "Reverend Collins, sir, can you hear me?" Darcy asked with urgency, peering hard into the face of the man. Bingley was looking the man over for injuries, and fretfully turned to Darcy. "The poor devil must have hurt his ankle somehow. You can see that one of his boots is quite swollen. It will most likely have to be cut off." Darcy lightly tapped the gentleman's face, hoping to rouse him. It appeared that his desperate hand wave had taken the very last reserves of his energy. "Mr. Collins, please, it is I, Mr. Darcy. You are injured sir, and you can not stay here. We must get you back to Netherfield." This communication pulled a small groan from the gentleman, that sounded something close to "Longbourn," but neither of the conscious gentlemen could be sure. Charles turned to his friend, his voice as serious as Darcy had ever heard it. "Clearly, he will not be capable of riding to either Netherfield or Longbourn. We will need to ride with him. Allow me to take him, as the smaller of the two of us, my horse could bare the weight with much more ease." The Derbyshire gentleman frowned. "It will be a taxing experience for all parties, your horse included. Perhaps it would be better if we were to place him in a saddle and walk him back. We are only a mile and half from Netherfield." "Time spent debating this issue will only leave us exposed to the elements for even longer. Come man, help me lift him. We both know that you are the more skilled rider of the two of us. You can reach Netherfield and warn them to prepare for a fully fledged invalid rather than three very damp gentlemen." The pair of friends locked eyes, and Darcy bowed to the younger gentleman's resolve. Charles was right, Darcy was the more skilled of the two on horse back, and both he and his stallion were used to the rugged terrain of Derbyshire. The wet rolling hills of Herfordshire would not be nearly as treacherous for him as for Bingley. Bingley could ride slow with the invalid while Darcy prepared for their arrival. He nodded. The gentlemen lifted the parson, which made him cry out in pain. His great coat dragged in the mud from the weight of the water it had absorbed. The friends looked at each other, both of the same mind. Each arm was pulled from the gentleman's jacket with as much as delicacy as they could manage the task, leaving the coat laying in the mud. They would send a servant to retrieve it after the storm and see if it was worth salvaging. In the interim the additional weight would only slow them down from reaching shelter. Soon enough they had him on Bingley's horse, and his eyes blearily lifted at the movements of his body, but he did not speak except to weakly murmur, "Sir, I do apologize." with fever glazed eyes. Bingley saddled behind his charge, a grim expression on his normally cheerful face. Darcy remounted, took one last searching look at the pair, and was off with a gallop. His ride back to Netherfield was mercifully short, and the storm seemed to be calming from it's initial intensity, although rain still came down steadily. A fretful Mrs. Nichols awaited him with warmed blankets, and was dismayed to see Mr. Bingley had not returned as well. "We must make haste," Darcy said after thanking the housekeeper for the blanket, "We discovered Reverend Collins terribly indisposed. Mr. Bingley is carrying him back at this very moment. We will need the help of several able-bodied men to carry the fellow to a bedroom, clean and dry loose fitting clothes to change him into, and any provisions the household may have for injury and illness. He seems to be in a great deal of pain. Notes should also be prepared to send to Longbourn and to summon the apothecary at the earliest possible convenience." The housekeeper grew very pale, but did not state her apprehension. "Of course sir," she answered, "it shall be done at once!' Caroline and Mrs. Hurst were then before them, and Darcy had to give some credit to their sisterly feeling. He had never presumed them to be very affectionate toward Charles, but their worry was evident. "Where is my brother!" Caroline cried with feeling. "Acting as a hero." Darcy replied, not unkindly. "He would not allow me to take up the office myself. We discovered Mr. Collins, and he is doing very poorly. Charles rides with him. I expect them at any moment." It seemed like a life time, but Charles was finally viewed coming onto the grounds with Mr. Collins in tow. A bevy of manservants rushed out to meet him, Darcy at their helm, still in his very damp riding clothes. They made quick work of bringing the indisposed gentleman into the house and taking him upstairs. The two gentlemen's valets were directed to tend to Collins' clothes and leave their masters to fend for themselves. Darcy was still immersed in his bath, mind whirling with the events of the day, when his valet gave his signature knock. Darcy bid him enter, rising for his robe. The master was quick to come to the point of what troubled him the most. "How is the patient, Smyth?" The valet shook his head regretfully. "He is not well Mr. Darcy. Mrs. Nichols keeps some laudanum on hand, so he rests for now, but the apothecary can not come quickly enough for my liking." Darcy turned to face him. "Are the extent of his injuries so severe?" "Indeed they are, sir." His man hesitated. "I would have you be totally open in this matter, Smyth." Darcy said encouragingly, "You know that I will not make a man of the church the subject of gossip in his community." "Sir! Of course I know you to be more honorable than that. I only hesitate because I wonder that the gentleman in question may not wish you, or any others, to realize how badly injured he is, and was." "I will be open with you Smyth. I observed some bruising on the gentleman's neck this morning when the family came to call, which he had attempted to conceal under a cravat so extravagant it would have made you blush. I am concerned that he was injured prior to his experience stuck in the storm." "Sir, you know I began my career as batman, so what I say next will come with some credibility." The master nodded in affirmation of his words. The valet continued, "The gentleman looked like he had been flogged, and quite severely." Darcy felt his heart sink to his stomach. Had his family known he was weak and wounded when they made him exit the carriage to walk home? His mind turned toward the patriarch, and thought of his arrogant familial pride so frequently on display. The sharp displays of temper and caustic wit he had witnessed in their limited acquaintance. The strange look in Mrs. Collins' eyes that afternoon as she attempted to keep conversation light - the hard rage in Miss Bennet's. Of course they had known. To further torture the young man had clearly been the reason to evict him from the carriage. He paused, attempting to compose his feelings. "Do you suppose there is any chance the injuries are self inflicted Smyth? Overly pious men of the cloth have done worse, you know." The valet shook his head. "From the placement of his injuries, I would say that poor boy was strung up and beat sir. Especially considering the other injuries to his neck and wrists." His voice wavered with emotion. "Do you think his injuries merit a visit from my physician in London?" "Sir, I am not a medical man, my eye may see things worse than what they truly are. However, I think any attentions the man receives can only be to his benefit. It certainly can not hurt him." "Please see to it that he is summoned, Smyth. I would not have any man suffer when it is in my power to offer him some relief. I find it shocking that he could have called on us only this morning without giving away any discomfort whatsoever." Smyth would not meet Darcy's eye. Darcy took in his countenance, and found himself saying aloud, "I take it that you find it less surprising than I do." The servant sighed heavily. "Sir, in my time I have found that the more we endure in life, the more we can withstand." "I see." Darcy replied, losing himself in distant contemplation. Author's Notes: Well those who guessed that Collins will be the sick guest at Netherfiled are correct. But who will come to care for him and what may happen there may surprise you. I love hearing your thoughts! Keep them coming, and thanks for reading.
Author's Notes: Wow! Thank you all so much for the response to the previous chapter. The next chapter is the first to be edited by the awesome Pipsicle00! You may see some spelling differences that are not consistent with the previous chapter. We are going to edit and revise the previous chapters to be consistent with the edited content of the second half of the story even as I continue working on the rest of the story, and I'll let you know in AN's when that happens. The following content is as violent as this story will ever get. So far I haven't had any reviewers tell me the rating should be increased, but I am open to having that discussion if anyone thinks it needs to be brought up. Thanks for reading! The rain that had begun in torrents had decreased to a down pour. Jane and Mary sat in the drawing room, presumably at work on mending shirts, but neither Bennet sister had progressed much in their task since arriving home at Longbourn. Mary sat with her back to the window, but her sister faced the view of the road, unable to rid her countenance of her concern. Each minute that passed etched the worry more firmly into her expression. She had been quiet and resigned when she had sat, but now she was pale and afraid. They sat in silent contemplation until Jane could bear their silence no longer. "He should be back by now." she murmured, her hands tugging on the fabric with anxiety. Miss Bennet's cool blue gaze met her sister's with a steadfast earnestness. "You must allow more than the usual time to pass. In a deluge such as this, travel by any means will be slowed considerably. I am sure William is on his way. He must be." Jane shook her head softly, her eyes moving from her sister's to the glass of the window and the road beyond. "Would that I could take comfort in your words, Mary. Yet I cannot. I have already given extra time for William to travel. How much more do I allot until I give way to despair?" The younger sister sighed heavily. "There is little we have in our power to do - Mr. Collins spares his son no concern at all. You know he would be terribly displeased if you were to send one of the servants out to retrieve him. You also know that it would only make William's situation worse. You would shield him from a storm but deliver him to a tempest." Mrs. Collins could not help but wince at her sister's words. All of her emotion and concentration was fixated on her step-son, caught outside in terrible autumn weather, with only his great coat and hat to shield him from the elements. Typically, she was able to maintain her veneer of serenity, yet her concern for those she loved shook that resolution soundly. William was her step-son, he was a dear, sweet boy that Jane had thought kindly of since the day that they had met. She had no children of her own to love and had all but one of her sisters taken far away from her, so it had only been natural that Jane's maternal instinct had taken the timid William Collins II under her wing. Jane knew that Mary was correct, that her husband would not take kindly to her interference in the lesson he meant to impart on his son. Yet to do nothing was abhorrent, to allow cruelty to go unfettered so against her nature. "I will allow for another quarter hour to pass." she conceded, attempting to placate her sister with half of a smile. "Another quarter hour but no longer. You cannot ask it of me, Mary." "I dare not." Her sister replied with more than her usual feeling. "Take comfort from the words of the good book, Jane. You must remember, 'God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind.' If William does not arrive of his own volition very soon, we must not give in to our worry but pull together our strength and see that he is found. You cannot give way to the very worst aspects of a lively imagination. He will be found, and he will be well, we shall see to that." A quarter hour had never passed so slowly for Jane as the next one that came. She attempted to sew, but after pricking her finger in her distraction, gave up on the project in order to alternate between watching the road that lead to Longbourn's park, and checking the clock intermittently. Mary attempted to continue with the afternoon's work, hoping to ease her sister's anxieties by revealing none of her own. Her determination to remain unperturbed aided Jane somewhat, but until her step-son was standing before her, Jane would feel no clear relief. The very moment that the given time had passed, she rose, moving for the bell. Mary frowned heavily, but dared not say anything. She could not deny that a considerable amount of time had passed for William's return, yet she was worried less about his present situation than she was about the one that would await him in his father's study. A footman arrived promptly, and heard his mistress's instructions. They were simple enough to follow. Young Mr. Collins had left Netherfield on foot. Check the road, check the pathways, find him or find out what had happened to delay him, and make haste. A summons for Hill saw to the rest - warm blankets by the fire, and prepare hot water for a bath for the heir of Longbourn, as he surely must be soaked through by now. If the servants of Longbourn had any qualms at carrying out their mistress' instructions they did not reveal them. Mr. Collins walking out in such weather was surely madness, but affection for gentle Jane overrode any personal opinions on the matter. Useful occupation gave Jane some degree of mastery over her emotions, as it had always done before. It was a skill learned when her mother had died and perfected in the years of her marriage. If Jane could not be outdoors, hunting for her wayward step-son herself, she could manage her household to make things as comfortable for his arrival as possible. It was comforting to know that she could aid him in her own way. She felt her anxiety begin to calm as the Longbourn servants shuffled about the house in their tasks. Yet time still seemed to pass at an achingly slow pace. Another quarter hour dragged on. Mary worked diligently, however Jane saw her brow crease in concentration and watched as that same crease deepened with every passing minute. Mary was every bit as worried as Jane was herself, but would not own it aloud. Jane sat next to her sister and placed a soft hand on her shoulder, rubbing her with soothing affection. Mary stiffened under her touch, but said nothing, knowing this gesture was as much for Jane's own comfort as her own. As the new quarter hour dragged onward, the needle in her hands slowed. Jane tutted comfortingly, and gently took the fabric from her sister's hands returning it to the mending basket. "Surely we will have some news any moment now." The younger woman stated with shaken confidence. "The rain remains steady; however it is only three miles of good road between Longbourn and Netherfield. I am positive now that the servants are looking for him, we will have a report shortly." Mary could not suppress the apprehension that coated her tone. "It is a comfort to know that there is a search party afoot, however inadvisable such a decision might be." Mrs. Collins sent her sister a sharp look, her rich blue eyes containing a storm much more powerful than any to be found out doors. "Yet as Mistress of Longbourn, it was my decision to make, and whatever consequences that may come, mine to bear." Mary bowed her head slightly in deference to her elder sister. "You are quite correct. I did not mean to imply otherwise." "Forgive me, Mary." Jane replied, grasping her sister's hands warmly, "I know you mean only to aid and protect me, just as I do William. My nerves are quite rattled from the events of these past few days. I am not in full possession of my patience." "You need never apologize to me!" Came the passionate response. Indeed, Mary meant that sentiment with every fiber of her being. "Jane, you are too good, you have the patience of Job himself. You may always speak freely to me and ease your own burdens, I would have it no other way. Please do not refrain for fear that you may offend my sensibilities, my affection for you could not allow it! I offer what comforts and platitudes that are within my abilities, and only despair that they are not equal to what you deserve." Jane moved closer, wrapping an arm around her sister, and laid her fair head against Mary's chestnut curls. "You are very kind and very intelligent Mary. Never feel that what you have to say is unworthy of any recipient." She leaned into her embrace, taking comfort in the affection. "Whatever may happen, we have one another. We will always be able to stem the tide of malice, and pour into the wounded bosoms of each other the balm of sisterly consolation." The elder of the pair smiled with a gentle fragility. "Indeed we shall Mary, we shall." Yet she could not help but think of the sisters lost to her, away at school, and simply, away. The Bennet sisters of Longbourn sunk into a companionable silence, waiting for time to pass. Waiting was the only action available to them, the women's lot in life. Taking action was the purview of men. They abandoned their attempts at distraction in favor of the comfort sisterly embrace could provide. It was Mary who first noticed the sound if hooves on the drive. "A rider approaches!" She exclaimed, breaking their silent reverie. Jane shot from her seat with all the force of a cannon. Mary followed in her wake and they made their way to the foyer, where a stone-faced Hill was accepting a note from the rider. He was off again before anyone could make inquiries of him, citing his need to reach Meryton with haste. Jane opened the note with a shaking hand. My Dear Mrs. Collins, I regret to inform you that your son, Mr. William Collins, was found on the lane separating Longbourn from Netherfield, attempting to take some refuge from the weather. He was found injured and indisposed, and the gentlemen, having to make a quick judgement while in the harsh elements, decided to bring him to Netherfield, being closer to that estate than your own. He is now resting comfortably, and will be receiving the administrations of Mr. Jones, as soon as he can be brought here. I do not intend to alarm you, however, his condition is poor. He is feverish and has a very swollen ankle, amongst what I am told are several other injuries. I assure you, he will be the recipient of every possible attention, and while we would wish injury and illness on no man, we are more than happy to host Mr. Collins at Netherfield for the duration of his recovery. If you would please send over his clothing and any other personal items that he may need, I am sure it would greatly add to the gentleman's comfort while he remains with us. Yours, Caroline Bingley The letter crumpled in Jane's first as she finished the note. She could not deny the onslaught of emotions that assailed her, but the most over powering of them all was her anger. William should be sitting in her drawing room, reading aloud in his ponderous manner, healthy, dry, and unharmed. Yet he lay, insensible, in pain, in the bed of a stranger. And who was responsible? Who indeed. Jane straightened her shoulders, the power of her fury bringing a strength and conviction to her bearing that was not normally present. Mary watched with wide eyes as her sister marched toward the lion's den. She called out in protest, but Jane dismissed her call with a simple wave of her hand. The housekeeper and the ward looked at one another with fearful eyes. Jane was too angry to be afraid as she entered her husband's study unannounced. He looked up from the ledger at her approach with down turned lips and a black, unblinking stare. She snapped the door closed behind her and approached Mr. Collins' desk with fury fueling her steps. She dropped the crumbled missive onto his desk, and stood, looming over him with all the righteous passion of a vengeful goddess. "From Netherfield." She said, tersely. He leaned back in his seat, looking her over dispassionately. He did not reach for the note, only incensing his wife further. "Will you not read it?" She snapped. "I will not." Was the cold reply. "I can see that you already have, and what it contains has troubled you enough to make this indecent display. Normally you are much better behaved wife than to disturb my peace in such an unseemly fashion." Jane took a deep breath, willing herself to remain steadfast in her pursuit of justice, and not rise to the bait that the cold man lay before her. "I have received news of a most alarming nature." He stared, head cocking slightly to indicate he heard her but would not deign to grace her with a response. "Your son, who should have returned here more than hour ago, is presently at Netherfield." This information was enough to rouse him. He did not attempt to conceal his disgust and derision in his reply. "Did that sniveling coward come crying at their door step when the rain began? How is it that I have raised such a soft little man!?" "No." Came his wife's response, her voice gaining strength with each word that escaped her lips. "He did not arrive, he was found, on the road, injured and soaked to the bone. His rescuer saw fit to return him to Netherfield, rather than bring him to his own home." "An insufferable presumption on their part. Do they believe the Collins family incapable of providing care for an injury? We will retrieve my idiot son forthwith and he will be punished for the lack of dignity he has displayed today. He is a stain upon my name." "I believe you will find him to be quite out of your reach. Perhaps you should read the missive yourself." A pause of indeterminable length seemed to pass. Collins would not be ordered about by his wife, and his ire was rising with every moment that she did not comply or seek to gratify him. Her behavior was so out of character that he was almost unnerved by it, but he refused to show that he was discomposed. He wore his mask well, but Jane's power of observation was even stronger than his resolve. No one knew her husband as well as she did, and she had made it her study to understand him and his varying moods in order to make her own life as comfortable as it could be under his power. It was only a slight narrowing of his eyes, and a rigidity in his posture that gave away the severity of his anger. Yet, for once, it was no match for her own. Jane saw his rage and allowed it to feed the flames of her own passion. Finally, with a broad sweep of his large, weather worn hand, the letter was picked up and unfolded. Jane remained standing, watching his face carefully as he read. His jaw tightened, a small crease made its way into his brow. His lips disappeared in a thin line that slashed its way across the planes of his face. Nostrils flared slightly. He placed the letter down, and did not look at her, but into the fire. His hand trembled. She did not speak, though her lips burned with all the words she wanted to say. Jane was strong, but she was not a fool. There was only so much she could provoke a wild animal before it was bound to lash out at her. She maintained her stoicism with a willful stubbornness. Finally, her husband broke the crackling silence. "He is weak. He has always been weak." He muttered, staring into the flames. "He is not weak." Jane replied resentfully. "You are strong, too strong for one man to withstand you, especially when he has no means to defend himself against your onslaught." His head turned toward her with a calculated slowness. His countenance had fallen totally flat as he regained regulation of his emotions. His dark eyes were as hard as Jane had ever seen them. Her heart raced to see the malice that resided within his gaze, and yet she remained firm. This time, he had gone too far, and she would make sure he knew it. "My heir cannot be a weakling and an idiot. My legacy shall not be an embarrassment to my name. If he could not be taught to be strong, it is my prerogative to beat my strength into him. A father does what he must. You and your barren state have given me no other alternative." Jane did not allow the insult to affect her, she had been disparaged for her lack of children so long that she had become impervious to his words on the matter. "A father does what he must - and yet a man cannot attack another without facing consequences in a lawful society. To beat a man to death is murder, and murder a hanging offense." A large fist slammed down on the desk, disturbing all the contents which occupied it. The strength of it reverberated through the room. Jane winced, but she did not step back. Her blue eyes bore into him, judgmental and accusatory. A bead of perspiration formed along his brow. "I am no murderer!" "As of yet, you are not." She spat back, placing her hands on the desk and drawing her face down toward his. "And if your son lives, and does not speak against you, you will remain innocent of any wrong doing in the eyes of society. Yet I wonder how you will fare in the eyes of God after you assaulted one of his ordained ministers." The impact of her words drove Collins to rise from his chair in a swift, fluid motion. "Woman! How dare you speak so to me! Subservient as you are before the husband you have promised to love and obey! You forget yourself. You have no right to caste your judgement upon me. You belong to me. You are mine." Somewhere in Jane's mind, she registered that she was truly terrified of her husband, but the racing of her heart would not allow her to give way to her fear in this moment. She would have all the time in the world to be afraid after this terrible interview was past, and could soak in all her shock and dismay at her own foolish bravery. Now it only bolstered her to see this moment through. "Indeed I am! I made my vows before God and I have abided by them! You may do with me what you please, and I will accept your punishment. But you must remember that the law of England only allows you so much power, and the laws of the Lord restrict you further. Caroline Bingley writes to me of William's broken ankle amongst 'other injuries', do you truly believe that no one will seek to learn where they came from?!" Perspiration now dotted the length of her husband's hairline. His anger was palpable in the small study, the very air was thick with something that went beyond malice, beyond rage. A large hand raised to strike her, and Jane closed her eyes, ready to accept the blow. It did not come. Jane opened her eyes, to see that her husband had stepped back several paces. He had begun sweating profusely, and the arm that had been raised to hit her now desperately clutched at his cravat, attempting to undo it. Her nature was such that she could not help but respond to a creature in distress. She stepped forward, instinctively reaching out to ease his obvious discomfort. He shrank back from her, even as he ripped the offending fabric from his neck. "Get out." The command came out as wheeze, but the hate that burned in his black orbs gave the words their necessary power. "Get out. Leave me." She backed away, reading all the discomfort and anger in the hard lines of his face. "Very well." She answered, dropping into a deep curtesy. "I shall leave." Her husband threw himself into the leather wing back behind the master's desk, his tanned face paling before her. His wife hesitated, torn between her duty to obey and the compassionate aspect of her disposition. His chest rose and sank in great, heaving breaths that were not natural. "Are you as insipid as you are beautiful?" He said with some difficulty, unable to fully catch his breath. "GET. OUT." Jane was not foolish enough to provoke an injured animal. She back toward the door, dropping her eyes toward the floor. "As you command." She murmured. She stepped into the hall, closing the door behind her. Her clever mind raced with the implication of all that her husband had said. A beatific smile began to spread across her lips even as tears filled her eyes. "Yes, I must do as my husband bids." She thought, with rising giddiness. Jane moved through the halls of Longbourn, almost unsure of where she was going. There was much to be done and no time to lose. "Hill? Mrs. Hill?" She called, her voice taking on a somewhat hysterical note of laughter. The house keeper rushed out to meet her, and Mary raced behind her, the both of them unable to mask their anxiety. "Yes, Mistress, what can I do for you?" Mrs. Hill asked, full of motherly concern. "Jane, are you well?" Mary spoke almost on top of the elder lady, rushing forward to grasp at her sister. "We heard shouting but could not make out all that was said." "I am well, I am well." Came the reply, as tears rolled down a flushed face. Mary pressed a handkerchief into her sister's hand and lead her toward the drawing room. "Hill, please see to it that bags are packed for myself and for Miss Mary. We must leave as soon as the roads are passable." "Ma'm?" Hill asked, meeting Mary's bewildered look. "The Master…" "He orders me to go, Hill. It is by his command that I must leave." Jane replied, dabbing at her eyes. "Poor William was discovered in a terrible state, and we must go attend him." She paused, taking a steadying breath to calm her nerves. "We are to Netherfield, and as soon as possible." Author's Notes: Before any one gets too excited, this episode is NOT heralding the death of our villain. We're about half way through this story, and Collins Sr has a lot more to answer for than being an abusive father and husband, especially considering that during the time in which he lived, a man was within his rights to beat his wife. I tried to do some research about protection for children, and from what I can see, there wasn't any. Jane's argument hinges on the idea that now that William is an independent adult and achieved his majority, he could press charges against his father. Being disinherited is a threat, but an expensive and complicated one for Collins to achieve, especially since he has no other children and the estate is entailed. William is also now living independently from the estate's income. Will this incident be the straw that breaks the camel's back? The power dynamic of the father-son and husband-wife will shift a few times in this story before we reach our conclusion. As always, thanks for reading! I love to hear your thoughts about where the story is headed, and it helps provide inspiration and motivation to keep on plugging away at this tale.
Author's Notes: Thank you all so much for your continued readership! I really appreciate all the feed back so much. This chapter is a bit on the shorter side, but I think you will enjoy the plot progression. I am posting this chapter unedited as of right now. I have submitted it to my beta Pipsicle, and will repost when I receive her edits. My work keeps me extremely busy through out the holiday season, and I know everyone else's lives get busy too. I figured I'd submit now to keep my creative ball rolling and the fine tuning can come when it's ready. Hope you all enjoy! For those who celebrate, have a safe and happy Thanksgiving. The acting mistress of Netherfield made a charming picture at the breakfast table of her country estate the morning after the storm. It was a picture that had been meticulously crafted by the skills of an excellent lady's maid following the vision of her intelligent and ambitious mistress. Her morning dress was high quality and in the latest fashion, her hair arranged becomingly, her eyes bright, clear, her cheeks tinged with just the faintest blush. The Bingley family was originally from the north of England, but Caroline spent her formative years and the majority of her time being out in society living in a city, whether London or Bath. It was no small feat for a spoiled girl used to living in the rhythms of town hours to arise every country morning and greet her party at the break fast table as prettily as she did. In fact, the longer she endured country living, the more she found that she rather detested it. Yet she was keeping house for her brother, who aimed to raise the family respectability by becoming a country gentleman. More importantly still, she was the hostess of perhaps one of the most eligible country gentlemen bachelors in the whole of England. Whatever personal feelings Miss Bingley may have had toward Netherfield and Hertfordshire were inconsequential when considering what Mr. Darcy might expect in the future mistress of Pemberly, his own country estate. So every day, Caroline rose without fail, and every day her brother and all their guests met her smiling face when they arrived to break their fast. Unfortunately, the lady in question did not extend her meticulous efforts in her presentation toward the worst tendencies of her personality. Perhaps if Miss Bingley had in some way been warned that Mr. Darcy cared for London manners even less than he did for London hours, she might have managed to temper her nature somewhat in his presence. However, unaware as she was, her wit was free flowing, even on display. Her guest found that to be more unattractive to him than any of her other Town habits, but his good breeding would not allow him to display his distaste. It was her ignorance and vanity which lead her to begin her dialogue with that gentleman as soon as the dining room had been vacated by any save their own party. "Is Netherfield to be invaded by every Collins relation in the county, do you think?" She addressed him, a wry smirk on her lips. Her sister, Mrs. Hurst, tittered in her typical fashion, while her husband attended his meal with thoughtless vigor. Her brother sputtered, his good nature not allowing him to find any joke in the situation at hand, while his friend frowned slightly, a look of deep concentration on his face. "I should hope that you would come to care for me if I were ill, Caroline." Bingley replied, in as reproachful a manner as he could attempt to muster. Caroline laughed with every seminary girl's practiced air of effortless charm. "Oh Charles! You are too cruel to doubt me! Of course I would rush to attend you if you ever have need of me. I only wonder at the nature and hour of such attention from the Collins family." "Quite right, my dear." Mrs. Hurst interjected, "To walk all the way, at such an hour, unescorted, and in all this mud! The threat of rain still upon us all! I hope you saw their petticoats, Caroline. Six inches deep in mud, I dare say." Mr. Darcy, feeling a very real concern for the well being of the invalid under the care of his hosts, felt he should intercede, but knew not how. "It will be some time before the roads are passable for any carriages." He said, with some stiffness. Miss Bingley immediately turned toward the object of her hopes, balancing her amusement with contrived compassion. "Indeed sir, but not nearly so terrible for a messenger on horse! I fear the Collins family must doubt our capabilities as nurses to have come to us so swiftly. I had hoped that my note would have conveyed there was no need to make such an exertion - at least not yet!" The master of Netherfield squirmed uncomfortably in his seat, looking around the table at his friend and family with heightened color. "Well, I think it shows an affection for their relation that is very pleasing!" "Oh Charles!" Caroline snapped with exasperation, "Mrs. Collins and Miss Bennet's affection for poor Mr. Collins is not in question. Really, it is a matter of the propriety of their visit! It is only natural that they should want to be with their ill relation, but surely you would not want Louisa or myself to traipse about the country side on a cold, wet day, unescorted, to attend you! I am sure that Mr. Darcy would be adamantly against dear Georgianna attempting such a journey!" The siblings both turned their attention to Darcy, and he immediately tensed, feeling that his opinion on the subject would be granted an undue amount of weight. "Miss Darcy is not permitted past Pemberly's gardens without a chaperone." He cautiously began. "I would certainly not be pleased if she attempted such a display." Miss Bingley sent her brother a significant look, and Charles responded with an incredulous bark of laughter. "Come man! Surely if you were as ill as Collins you would want to see Georgianna above anyone!" "Indeed, I would." The elder of the pair answered, "Yet I would be consumed with worry for her and how she must be feeling, rather than my own injury." He paused, and then continued with some thoughtfulness. "I imagine I should not attempt to compare Mrs. Collins, a wife and a care-taker, with a young girl not yet out in society. If Georgianna was the one to have taken ill, and a carriage could not take me to her side, I would use whatever resource necessary to reach her." Darcy watched the pair of them react to his words. His friend looked rather triumphant, and Darcy imagined only his age and good breeding prevented the younger man from sticking his tongue out at his sister in victory. Miss Bingley was growing more cross by the moment, though she did her best to mask her displeasure behind a practiced smile. Perhaps it would have been more to his strategic advantage to placate his hostess, instead of the host. Some weeks spent in Miss Bingley's home had acquainted him with how tedious her company could become when she was in an ill humor. He felt rather more like a father than a friend to the pair in the moment, settling their childish squabble. For all their sakes, Darcy decided to be diplomatic. "I must commend you, Miss Bingley, on how delicately you handled the situation at hand. It was very good of you to provide Mrs. Collins and Miss Bennet with a change of dress, and to invite them to stay the night." The words had their intended effect on the target. She modestly demurred from the compliment, as her seminary had taught her to, all the while looking very well pleased with the praise. The party was able to continue their breakfast in some degree of peace. For his own part, Darcy was well pleased with his words. He could not credit Miss Bingley with much in the way of warmth or kindness, but she was a consummate hostess that played her part well. His compliment was an honest one. It may have unnerved even the most experienced hostess to have such a bedraggled pair of ladies announced in her parlor, well past the normal calling hours. Miss Bingley had taken it in stride, seeing that the pair was attended to properly, and never once gave away her personal feelings on the matter. At least, not in their company. If she had been able to temper her nature in the more intimate Netherfield party, he might have been able to think well of her for more than being his closest friend's sister. However, she was unguarded, and Darcy was grateful for it. Equally unguarded, was Miss Bingley's brother, though the nature of his thoughts were entirely different from his sister's. Bingley was a good man, with the sort of warm and kind disposition that was naturally disposed to think well of everyone and be pleased with those he met. He was also young and idealistic. Though intelligent, he was too soft-hearted to see that the motivations of others were not always as benevolent as his own. Darcy had moved enough in the world to be constantly wary of it. While Mrs. Collins' concern for her step-son appeared genuine, why was it necessary to bring Miss Bennet to attend him as well? Darcy was convinced that her motive was entirely fixed on securing his friend for her sister, though neither party seemed particularly inclined toward one another. In fact, if Bingley's inclination lay anywhere, Darcy was becoming worried that it may be toward Mrs. Collins herself. Even a blind man could not be immune to Mrs. Collin's beauty, powerful as it was. Her reputation had proceeded her when they had arrived in Hertfordshire, and been confirmed upon meeting her at the Meryton Assembly. Darcy had lost his heart too sincerely and thoroughly in the past to be in any danger, and had viewed the vision of her loveliness with the same sort of dispassionate admiration that one may view a fine piece of art. However, Bingley had never felt that deep sort of passion which made other women pale in comparison - and in Hertfordshire society, confined and unvarying as it was, Mrs. Collins' exquisite beauty stood out as all the more remarkable. The families had been meeting with some frequency since their introduction to Hertfordshire society, and though nothing untoward had occurred, the intimacy of Bingley's connection with Mrs. Collins only increased with time. The attractions of her person were only heightened with the knowledge that she was also elegant, affable, intelligent, and possessed a gentle nature. He had first become suspicious of Bingley's partiality when the family came to call only the day prior. There had been something just a shade beyond his usual warmth in the effusive greeting he had given the Collins family, and his words and looks had been primarily directed toward the young matriarch in particular. After the two ladies had unceremoniously arrived at their door step, his defense of their actions seemed to come from a place deeper than the general congeniality of his character. There was a part of Darcy that almost wished to encourage his friend's attachment to an unattainable woman, as it would prevent him from aligning himself with any unsuitable country bride. Bingley's place in society was tenuous, and any misstep from him could prove disastrous for his sister's own chance in society. It had been that very same fear that had prevented Darcy from forming any serious design on the woman he loved for many months of their acquaintance. Only the strongest passion had induced him to make any move that could compromise Georgianna's standing, and he had made an utter botch of it. The Darcy family was a line almost as old as England itself, and capable of weathering the scandal of an unsuitable love match. His wealth would have brought some respectability to that marriage, if nothing else could have. Bingley would need to take much greater care with his own name, and the people he attached to it. However restrained and impassive Darcy appeared to the world, he was not without sensitivity. While there was some sense in encouraging Bingley to keep his attention on a woman who could not hurt his marriage prospects, there was a far greater risk in that she could, and would, most assuredly damage his heart. It was not unlike Bingley to lose his head over a pretty face, and Darcy had seen Bingley fall in and out of so-called love with every season they had stood together as friends. Bingley had a romantic, sensitive soul, and whether knowingly or not, Mrs. Collins could potentially hurt him. It was yet another reason that Darcy had to keep a vigilant eye on the mysterious family of Longbourne. Now, that beautiful, pleasant, and calculating lady resided under Bingley's roof, and evidently at his breakfast table. For as Darcy's musings on the mysterious Collins family wound about his mind, the pair of ladies in question were admitted to the dining room. The gentlemen rose with alacrity, even Hurst, loathe as he was to pause in his enjoyment of the meal. Bingley immediately addressed them with a grave sort of eagerness. "Good morning to you, Mrs. Collins, Miss Bennet. Pray tell me, how do you find the patient this morning?" The ladies dipped their curtsies, and stood primly by the door way. Mrs. Collins' hands wrung together with worry, and the two attractive young women appeared wan and bleary-eyed before them. "I would so like to give you a good report, Mr. Bingley." Mrs. Collins answered, her voice thick with emotion, "However, I have no glad tidings for you. My step-son suffers from a great deal of pain from his injuries, and I am afraid that the small fever he developed yesterday afternoon has only taken a stronger hold on him through the night." The Netherfield party immediately gave the Collins family their regrets and condolences, but Bingley took the matter to heart and moved to treat his guests with conciliatory kindness that far exceeded what good manners required. He sat the pair of sisters at his table, and began to fix them plates himself, instructing his sister to see to their beverage choices like a fretful mother hen. Darcy watched the exchange with a concern that was slowly increasing with each passing remark. "You have all been so very kind to us." The elder of the sisters began once they were seated and settled, "I am loathe to trespass upon your kindness any further after all you have done for my family, but I am afraid that I must beg it of you. William is far too ill to be moved at present." "Moved?" Bingley repeated, full of incredulous emotion, "I shall not hear of it! In fact, I would most vehemently, expressly forbid it." A subtle tilt of his head toward his sister had the Netherfield hostess echoing her brother's sentiment. "Indeed Mrs. Collins, we would not dream of distressing poor Mr. Collins in any such manner." "You are all goodness and kindness." She replied, with a small dip of lace capped honey curls. This basic politeness did not satisfy the master of Netherfield. He continued onward, full of warmth. "And furthermore, Miss Bennet and yourself must stay as along as you desire to attend Mr. Collins. I would not have you traveling back and forth between our estates when I can host you both quite comfortably here." Mrs. Collin's sapphire eyes brightened considerably at the invitation. Her younger sister grasped her hand, looking earnestly between the pair. "Are you quite certain, Mr. Bingley?" She asked, unable to conceal all her hopes and anxieties in her voice, "We have no wise to impose upon your hospitality. You have already done so much for us." "Impose? Certainly not! I quite insist upon your remaining here. I am sure I am not alone in this sentiment. Do you not agree that Mrs. Collins and her sister must remain, Caroline?" Once again over the course of morning Darcy was forced to concede that Miss Bingley did her duties as a hostess well. Only a practiced observer such as himself could have detected the flash of irritation in Miss Bingley's eyes as she bid the pair of interlopers to stay indefinitely. "We can send for Mr. Jones again as well, if it is your desire." The master of Netherfield continued, unabashedly. Darcy finally felt himself compelled to once again join the fray of conversation. "That will not be necessary at this time, Charles. I sent a request for my physician to attend us here yesterday by express. I received word back that he will be in Hertfordshire before night fall today only just before entering the break fast room." The whole of the room turned to look at him with varying degrees of astonishment. Inwardly Darcy squirmed at all the scrutiny directed toward himself, always uncomfortable to be at the center of attention in any room. However, he bore their attention as best he could. It was Mrs. Collins' heartfelt thanks, her resplendent beauty positively angelic when over-full with gratitude that tore at him the most. He had sent more than one express to London when the rain had stopped yesterday afternoon, and received more than on reply. A London physician was indeed coming to Netherfield, and he would be attended by a London assistant. An assistant from Bow Street. Darcy was determined to unravel the mystery of the Collins family, and uncover the truth of the Reverend Collins' injuries. And he was going to do so with some professional assistance. After all, he was simply a country gentleman with a keen eye, not a sleuth. Where he could not pry with success, he had the resources to employ men who made it their living to find out information. The morning repast continued with some degree of equanimity. It was not a particularly cheerful gathering, but a quiet and comfortable one. Bingley engaged Mrs. Collins and Miss Bennet in quiet conversation, attending to their comforts, Hurst and Darcy attended their meals in silence, and Mrs. Hurst and Miss Bingley poured over the recently arrived newspaper. Just as Darcy was rising from his seat, Mrs. Hurst's voice cut through the room. "Oh dear, such a loss for England!" The attention of the room turned toward the lady, who shook her head sympathetically. Seeing that they had caught the interest of the group, Caroline added, "The famed Benito Forelli has passed away. He was quite an old man at this point, but it is still a loss for the country, all the same." Darcy's mind instantly turned toward the woman he loved, imaging her alone with her grief in London. He had not known their whole history together, but he knew that Adelaide had been devoted to the elderly Italian with a strength that had been truly touching. "A great loss indeed." Darcy commented, "I was somewhat acquainted with him, and he was a truly talented man, as well as a kind one." "More interestingly," Mrs. Hurst continued, "he has left the entirety of his fortune to his muse, that actress Adelaide Bernard." "Signore Forelli lived comfortably, from what I recall. That is very fortunate for her." Darcy replied, somewhat tersely. "There is another interesting mention here," Caroline added, skimming the article. "There is some confusion as to the legality of her inheritance. Adelaide Bernard is a stage name, and reportedly this has created complications. How shocking!" "I thought the common report was that Miss Bernard was his natural daughter. Perhaps instead she was his mistress. If he has family, that could create quite the headache for her." The pair of sisters laughed lightly, diving into other pieces of gossip with relish. Darcy gave his bow to the room, his mind reeling with the information that he had just gleaned. He would request a copy of the paper be sent to him in the privacy of his own room. As he rose, he could not stop his eyes from falling on the pair of sisters whom he felt must be connected in some way to the news that had just been shared. Mrs. Collins appeared entirely unaffected. Either she was more calculating than even he could give credit for, or his supposition about Miss Bernard's origins was entirely incorrect. Miss Bennet however, was not unmoved. She presented a serene and lady-like facade, but those cold, intelligent eyes could not be stifled by a pleasant mask. There where wheels turning behind those eyes, wheels turning that had been still before Mrs. Hurst had shared her gossip with the room. Bow Street could not arrive in Hertfordshire quickly enough for his liking.
AUTHOR'S NOTES: I hope everyone reading has had a safe and happy holiday season! Working in gourmet food for my day job, the holidays are my busiest time of the year and definitely slowed me down for writing. However I'm back at it, and hope you all enjoy the next installment in our tale. PLEASE REMEMBER my trigger warnings from earlier chapters. I do not go into great details of the violence in this story, but I do allude to some pretty unpleasant scenes. I am submitting this chapter un-beta'd, but will be submitting it for edits. As always I appreciate your constructive criticism, notes on grammar and spelling issues, and most importantly your speculation about where this tale is heading! In London, the fog was unusually thick. Elizabeth stretched her arms out before her, attempting to push the swirling mass out of her path. Her petite hands seemed to dissipate in dense clouds. The street was familiar, and her steps were sure-footed as she strove down the lane, the soles of her slippers slapping against the cobble stone with a rhythmic precision. The beating of her heart fell into cadence with the steps, thundering in her ears. It was the only sound to be heard on the street. Her instinct the only guide in her direction. Still, she moved forward with determination, never pausing to wonder where her feet where leading her. She was filled with purpose and energy, confident that she would reach the other side of this heavy, heavy fog and find herself arrived at the destination those feet had determined for her. Suddenly, a girlish giggle cut through the thick London air, as loud and shocking as any gun shot. Elizabeth came to an abrupt stop, her head swiveling toward to the sound. A sense of dread washed over her, and as she peered into the fog, her mind seemed to finally recognize how very cold and damp the night air was. She listlessly pushed against the fog straining to see where the noise had come from, and noticing her hands for the first time, thought how very odd it was that she should have left the house with no gloves. "Eli-za-bethhh," came a teasing voice from the mist, "Where have you gone Elizabeth?" "I am here!" came her confident reply, "I stand before you. Come and find me!" The giggle seemed to thicken and deepen with the density of the fog in which it travelled, "Eli-za-bethhh," it replied, "You can not run much longer, silly little Elizabeth." "I do not run." She answered, her voice wavering slightly. "I stand before you. Come and find me." The fog thickened and swirled around her, thoroughly consuming any light or shadow she could discern through the mass. It seemed to wrap around her own body, twisting and writhing to embrace her with a vice-like grip. She willed her feet to move, to continue forward, but they would not comply. She was rooted to the spot. The damp chill of the fog enveloped her, every hair of her body stood on edge. From the nape of her neck came a cold and sinister caress. "Stupid girl." The voice murmured, now close enough to whisper in her ear. "A fool to run away, a fool to return." Her body became over run by shivers of both fear and revulsion; a cold sweat formed along her brow. "I ran because I had no choice. I return because I must." A humorless chuckle swept over the back of her neck and wound it's way into her ear. "You ran because you are a coward. You return because you are a fool." Elizabeth opened her mouth to reply, her anger bolstered by her fear. However, another voice in the mist called out before she could answer. "Lizzy? Lizzy are you there!?" There could be no mistaking that sweet voice, even in the dark and the cold of a London fog. "Jane!" she called, with all her energy, "Jane, I am here! Come to me!" "Lizzy, I can not. I am bound to this place. You must return to me. Please!" The fog wrapped itself even tighter as Lizzy struggled against it's grip. She willed her body to move toward her sister with all of her might, and her feet sluggishly answered, taking slow and tentative steps forward. She could feel the full weight of the fog bearing down of her shoulders, could feel the mist clinging onto her ankles, trying to weigh down each step. She had barely moved forward, but already felt exhausted by the effort. "Lizzy please!" Jane called, but her voice sounded even further away as she moved toward it. "I need you Lizzy." "Jane! I am coming, wait for me Jane." the younger sister replied, but she knew Jane could not hear her any longer, the fog consumed her voice, refused to let it carry. "Lizzy! Lizzy!" Jane's voice carried to her as a mere echo, and Elizabeth knew with certainty that she had failed, that Jane was lost to her once again. In anguish, she dropped to her knees, a tired sob catching in her throat. She buried her face in her hands and wept until she no longer had the strength to create tears. Elizabeth had no notion of how long she lay in the dark London street, time seemed inconsequential when experiencing such a loss. Shaking with grief, she finally found the strength to rise. She rubbed at her eyes with all the elegance of a small child and looked about. Why, she wasn't in London at all. Her feet has lead her to Longbourn's door. The sun was high and bright in the sky, washing her childhood home in a rich amber glow of an autumn afternoon. The door was open. Her feet crossed the threshold of their own volition. A woman's scream rattled the porcelain in the foyer. Her heart dropped to her stomach. Blood rushed to her ears as she followed the source of the sound, knowing full well it came from the master's study. She moved with a speed she could not naturally summon, and arriving, flung the door open. There he stood in all his wickedness, tall and dark and just as imposing as she remembered him. His dark eyes gleamed in the sunlight which poured in from the window, a small smile threatened to tug on the corner of his lips. In his right hand, he held a self fashioned switch, made from the willow tree on the border of Longbourn's grounds. Prostrate before him, lay Jane. Her beautiful face was red with tears, but unmarked by violence. He preferred to leave her pleasant countenance unmarred, and inflict his punishment on the areas of the body that only he had the privilege to see. "Elizabeth." He said sternly, not looking at her. "Sit." The feet which had lead her this far forced her to sit. "This is your fault Elizabeth." He said, looking out the window. "Mrs. Collins seeks the improvement of your mind through education, and dedicates several hours every day to this purpose. Do you see how you repay her?" She wanted to protest, but Jane's deep blue tear wells met her eyes begged her to stay her tongue. She gulped instead. "Running from your lessons is a very dangerous thing for a young girl such as yourself Elizabeth. You need education very badly if you will make anything of yourself in this world, for I will not support you once you are of age. Whatever can you mean by frolicking about by the stables, sleeping against a hay bale like a common strumpet?" He turned from the window to look at her, his dark eyes boring down on her with all the hate he possessed in his heart. She tried to look back at him with defiance, but her own fear and Jane's pleading countenance held her back. "I would have you go live with your Aunt and Uncle, I have no wish to keep you here. However, Mrs. Collins was so very insistent on your staying, so very loathed to be parted from you, that as good husband I am, I could not deny her wishes. However she promised me that your transgressions would be her own, that she would educate you and hold you to the standard of lady-like decorum I expect from my house hold. As your transgressions are hers, so must your punishment belong to her as well. Go ahead and lift your skirts for your sister, Mrs. Collins. Show her what happens when she misbehaves so." Dutifully, Jane's hands began to tug on the muslin of her gown, her face red from pain and humiliation. Elizabeth dropped down on her knees, staying Jane's hands. "Please sir," she pleaded, looking up to the master of the estate, eyes brimming with tears, "I beg of you, do not punish Jane for the actions of a foolish, head strong sister. She is all goodness, she does not deserve to be treated thus." Collins reached down one leathered hand and pulled Elizabeth from her knees by her jaw, squeezing it with all his strength. Jane lay between them, her tears falling freely, her slender frame the only divider between their bodies. "Know this Elizabeth Bennet, hear me and mark my words." He spat, tilting her head back forcefully so that his black eyes could bore down into her burning hazel orbs, "I am the Master of Longbourn, and all those who reside within it. It is by Mrs. Collins desire alone that you remain in this house hold. It is Mrs. Collins who is responsible for you and your hoydenish ways, your deceitful behavior. When you falter, it is Mrs. Collins who will bare the burden of your punishment." Elizabeth's own tears now fell freely as well, and Collins swelled with gratification to see the arrogant little girl before him subjugate herself so. "You love your sisters, surely you do not wish to be the cause of any harm befalling them?" Those black eyes drilled into her own, unwavering in their manic anger. Elizabeth could only blink in return, her mind out pacing the abilities of her tongue. "He knows, he knows that I heard, that I know the truth." She thought frantically. "Well?" He asked, gripping her even harder. "No Sir." She whispered through his strangle hold on her face. "You have all been horribly spoilt by your wastrel father, but you worst of all I fear. I will have good girls in this house, or none at all. Am I understood? Mrs. Collins promised me her sister was a good girl." "Yes Sir." She answered, the hot tears pouring down her cheeks and across her lips. "And when you misbehave, when you say or do something of which I do not approve, who will be punished?" "Mrs. Collins, sir." Here he leaned down, so that his face was only inches from her own, so that she could feel his hot breath upon her face, smell her father's good brandy on his tongue. His voice dropped to barely above a whisper. "And if you ever dare to speak against me, to anyone, anyone at all; if your conceited mind and deceitful nature try in some fashion to defame me, who will suffer for your actions?" "Mrs. Collins, sir." She whispered. A full smile cracked the hard planes of his face. It was a smile born from a mother of hate and a father of power, the only kind of smile that ever made it's way across his lips. She could not bare to look at him, could not move to see her sister laying on the floor of the study between them. Her eyes moved toward the window pane. Sitting there was a fat dove, so white and pure in the afternoon light it appeared to be luminescent. It tilted it's head as they looked at one another, and the glowing of his feathers seemed to intensify. Mr. Collins angry words seemed to be drowned out by the brightness of bird sitting outside. She was only torn away when, with the full force of his hand on her jaw, he pushed her away, flinging her forcefully back into wakefulness. Elizabeth Bennet awoke with a gasp, her jaw aching painfully. In the early morning light, a thick fog was forming in the London streets. She rose, neglecting to ring for her lady's maid. "Let Paulson sleep," she thought fitfully, "it is only right that one of us should be well rested for this day." With Benito's death only five days prior, the whole house was in a state of confusion. They did not have a large staff, but a few servants had already left, worried to be employed in the home of an actress, with no guardian or companion to give the house hold any respectability. Elizabeth paced the length of her bedroom, trying to force the memory of her unnerving dream away with some activity. Her mind was racked with grief and anxiety, but she had so many years in the company of such emotions that she refused to allow them to have a hold over her. Death was constantly following her, and thought it had given her a reprieve of a few happy years, she had never forgotten that it was there, lurking just around a bend. Darling Forelli had been a father to her during the most trying years of her life, and he had left her as protected as he could with what means he was able. The rent on their home had been paid through the year, and he had made the provision several years ago that she would be kept as tenant in the event of his passing for the duration of his lease. Yet the lease agent had already come to try and renegotiate the price, or to evict her, whatever would be the most to his benefit. He had demanded that she hire a companion, to keep his address respectable, and interviewing a paltry sum of candidates willing to work with an actress was what Elizabeth had to look forward for her morning. Having no man of business in her employ, the various creditors to the household had been descending like locust, even though she had removed the knocker and dressed the windows in black. She was overwhelmed by all that must be done, and had no one she could truly lean on outside the most dedicated of her house hold staff. It was only natural that her sleeping hours would become so fitful with all that plagued her mind. Only in these restless hours, when she was the most lost and discomposed, would she allow her mind to turn toward Darcy. She had never forgotten the proud and taciturn man who had claimed to love her ardently. With the patronage of his Aunt and Uncle these past few months, he already arisen to the forefront of her consciousness. Her reacquaintance and frequent meeting with his cousin, the Colonel, placed him there regularly. The knowledge gained that he currently spent the Little Season only a few miles away from her childhood home and most likely had met her estranged family firmly planted in her mind. She had long since forgiven him for nature of his disastrous proposal. He had insulted her by every possible means, there could be no denying that. However the obstacles he presented in his forming any serious design on her were natural and just. She had been born a gentleman's daughter, and in that at least, they were equals. However her desire for justice, for freedom for herself and all her sisters, had propelled her onto a path that made their circles as far from one another as possible. A match between an actress and one of the most eligible gentlemen in the country was the stuff of novels, not reality. It was passion that had moved him to make her an offer, and it was his very good and honorable nature that forced him offer marriage rather than something dishonorable. He had not been wrong when he told her that his proposal would not be the only one she received. She had been younger then, and more easily scandalized, but as her fame had grown so did her bevy of admirers. Living under Forelli's protection had kept her reputation as clean as any actress's could be, but now she had no such male influence in her house-hold to stem the tide of the more persistent callers. She had received several arrangements and cards to give her comfort in her grief, but she knew that more than one was a man attempting to stake his claim on her virtue as early as he could. As soon as her knocker was returned, they would come calling. Elizabeth was not worried about this less than desirable attention. She had perfected her wit to keep such men at bay, setting them down in a way in which they could continue to admire her, but from a safer distance. It was simply that being surrounded by so much admiration, and so few true friends, she could not help but long for the truest, most dear friend she had ever had, Mr. Darcy. Yes, it was true. In the last hug of darkness before the sun crept over London, Elizabeth could admit to herself that she longed for Darcy. She had little interest in men in general, throwing herself into her art as she did, but Darcy had always piqued her curiosity. He was a solemn man, and had often called with his more gregarious cousin to keep conversation flowing. It had taken her some many months to understand him, quiet as he was, but she had often noticed how his eyes would smile even when his lips did not. When he deigned to speak, it was always with a passionate conviction that drew Elizabeth to him. Once she managed to draw him out, she found him to be one of the most fascinating characters she had ever studied. She even found arguing with him to be more a stimulating and intellectually challenging conversation that she could be found in any drawing room in London, including her own. He was not without faults. Elizabeth knew that well. The circle in which he brought up had raised him with all the worst sorts of arrogance and self satisfaction his class could boast. He had a selfish disdain for the feelings of others, especially when he was sure of his own righteousness. However, he was a truly good man at his heart, one of the very best Elizabeth had ever known. He had a heart which wanted to do right, a desire to be honorable that was so rarely seen in high society. It was his address which had been lacking, whether in romantic proposals or simple conversation at times. She has not set out to make him in love with her, at least not any more so than the rest of London. She was an actress, and success on the stage could not just be cultivated on the boards alone. Her playful airs were everything charming in company. She had not specifically sought his good opinion, and he had certainly bestowed it most unwillingly. Even if she had been of age and able to consent to take his hand, the manner of his proposal would have stopped her. Yet, alone again in London once more, she longed for him. Confident and level-headed, he would be an invaluable companion in navigating these new social waters. Fair and just, he would make sure that no man attempted to cheat her and profit off the death of her dear Padre. A high regard and respect for her intelligence and temperament, he would have supported her decisions, not directed them. Strong, resilient and having known the pain of loss, he would have provided a friend with whom she could grieve freely. The simple truth was, when she was with Darcy, she had been able to be Elizabeth, regardless of what name he may have called her. He was just the sort of man suited to be the husband of Elizabeth Bennet, the kind of man who she could esteem, trust, and love. But he was lost to her, because she was no longer Elizabeth Bennet, but Adelaide Bernard. vVvVvVvVv In Hertfordshire, the dawn crept across the horizon with a whimper, blanketed as it was with dark and foreboding clouds. These clouds were the only thing to bring Jane Collins a moment of happiness during the trying days she had been experiencing. Another day of rain meant another day the road between Longbourne and Netherfield would remain impassable, another day which prevented her husband's arrival at the great house, or her sister's leaving it. A begrudging servant had arrived with a donkey and pull cart after breakfast the prior day, with clothing for all the Longbourne residents present, and bearing two notes in Hill's hand but with her husband's dictation. One had been for the Bingley family, thanking them for their hospitality and begging their forgiveness for the inconvenience of hosting his son as an invalid. The storm had significantly flooded Longbourne's southern most fields, as well as doing damage to several tenant homes. He regretted his absence but was needed on his estate, and would leave the care of his son to his host and his wife, and come as soon as he was able. While he had not spoken remarkably well, the words had been generally accepted by the Netherfield party. The second note had been for Jane's eyes alone, it read as follows: Mrs. Collins, I understand you have left your proper place at your husband's side, and spent some several days at Netherfield, under the pretext of caring for my son. While there is some semblance of truth to be found in the notion of you as a nurse-maid, I know your cunning little airs better than that. You would have me believe you are a dutiful wife, while making moon-eyes at that pathetic milk sop, Bingley. He is a handsome fellow, though he smiles too much, especially at my wife. I wonder if he shall be half so handsome after I call him out and lay his blood across the grounds of that fine estate? I am no fool, Mrs. Collins. I will not be cuckold to a fop such as that. While you are an insipid creature, I dare say you will not be able to mistake a meaning as plain as this. I have eyes and ears in Netherfield, for surely you know that half the staff was hired from the Hen & Crown in Meryton? I shall know how you act, and you will treated accordingly when my son is healthy enough to be returned to Longbourn. In William's recovery, there is something else that I seek. When Bingley and his party rented Netherfield, you told me to call on him and that you would secure him for Mary. I have seen no such inroads laid which will lead to any future between them. He is entirely too fascinated by you to pay any attention to your plain and solemn little sister, and I can hardly blame the man in that at least. However, the high and mighty Miss Bingley is rumored to be worth some several thousand pounds. It is you duty to secure a match between my son and that prize cow by any means necessary. I am sure your Mr. Bingley may be tempted to sweeten the deal if his sister's reputation is properly ruined. My eyes and ears shall be ready to assist with that, as well. Secure this prize for Longbourn, and you may find that your husband is in a very warm and forgiving humor upon your arrival home. Fail to do so, and there will be consequences for your continual disobedience. You are to return Mary to Longbourn as soon as the roads are even moderately passable. I will send the carriage for her if I must, but it will not be pleasant for either you or her if I am driven to take this step. If you will not come home to be with your husband, perhaps you will do so for your beloved sister. -William Collins Jane watched the storm clouds approach Netherfield with all the delight and all the guilt her nature could possibly contain. She had been married seven long years, and had attempted, in those seven years, to be the best wife she possibly could be. She did not love her husband. She had married him out necessity and security for her family, and that alone. She did not value or respect him, unless one was to credit the sort of respect that fear can garner. Her husband had been jealous over other young men before, and every time had been an unpleasant trial for Jane. It was an unfair burden to carry. She could not help that men found her attractive. She had never before contemplated an indiscretion of any sort. Until Charles Bingley had leased Netherfield, she had never before found herself to be attracted to a man. There had been girlish fancies when she was very young and only just about to come out, and then Mama had died. All of her energy had gone into caring for her family, and sequestered as they were in mourning, she thought little of the outside world, especially about men. They had come out of mourning for a short six months, and she had begun to see something of the world again. Just as her mind allowed her to imagine what a romance might be like, she had lost her father too. Another year to pass in mourning, and then she was engaged before it had even begun. She would never have a chance to flirt and dance and fall in love. William was two years her elder, a ruddy faced boy with a kind smile. He was no dashing paramour, but Jane had been determined that she should come to love him all the same. It made everything simple and easy for her and her sisters to continue at Longbourn has they had always done, and that mattered to Jane above all else. She could, and would love him, given time. It was how wives were to treat their husbands, and William was a very good sort of boy. Time passed, and if not excited by the prospect of her future husband, she was content and resigned. The family had entered half mourning. She attended church with her guardian and her fiancé, and the banns were called for her marriage. Her marriage to his father. To be so accused and commanded by her jealous, miserly husband was more than even Jane's kind nature could bare. She had designed her entire life to center around that ungrateful man, learning the ins and outs of his varying moods and complex nature to make life for him as pleasant as possible. She existed in the vacuum of his desires, allowed no thoughts, feelings, desires of her own. Jane was not a simpleton. She was well aware it was a woman's lot in life to obey her husband, that it was in the very set of vows she had given to him before God and in the face of his congregation. But what of Mr. Collins vows? Had he not sworn before God to love her? To worship her with his body? The law of England may say that he was a good husband for all accounts, but by the very vows he had taken, he was an exceedingly poor one. Resentment filled Jane's breast at the lot she had been given in life. Few women had any real agency in their own decisions, it was the rule of fathers and husbands to guide them. However, most had some say in who they would give power over them. Jane had never had any. It was unfair, by any standard, but it was the reality of her situation. She hated him! There, in the privacy of her own thoughts, she allowed herself to acknowledge it, to feel it with every fiber of her being. The man she had been forced to marry, the man who had so frightened one sister that she had fled in the night, who disciplined another to keep Jane in check, who sent the others away to school and would not bring them home for any vacations - he was not a good man. The man who would beat his own son and heir so severely to lay him in a sick bed and put him close to death, no that was a very bad man indeed. He did not deserve her vows, her companionship, or her fidelity. If she only had herself to care for, Jane knew she would have found the strength to run away from him years prior, and let come what may of her own miserable future. The uncertainty of such a life could not be more attractive when she lay thinking of her own dreary future in Hertfordshire, stretched out for the years to come. But there were so many others to think of! Her sisters came first and foremost in her thoughts, and her dear Aunts and Uncles who would not be able to provide well for them should Mr. Collins abandon his charges. Indeed, the scandal that such a desertion would create would be a blemish upon them all! William was yet another to care for. His father was the worst sort of cruel, and yet somehow his son had remained soft and kind rather than growing into the same sort of monster his father wished him to be. She could not abandon them for her own selfish desires of freedom. Looking out at the dreary dawn, Jane decided that some fresh air and exercise were the only thing that could dispel such dark thoughts. There would be some little time before the rain came, and she was stifled inside with her unhappiness once again. The brisk autumn air would revive her if nothing else could. Surely with such darkness hanging in her thoughts, to try and rest would be a worthless endeavor. Grabbing a thick shaw, she strode out the elegant bedroom, determined to be back abed before any of the household noticed her absence. Netherfield was a true gem of Hertfordshire society, and it's gardens a point of interest for visiting travelers. Jane walked amongst them, relishing the cold air against her face and the soft squelch of mud beneath her boots. She took steadying breaths and watched the air crystalize in front of her. Her life was tied to Longbourn, her name was Collins, but in these private moments, she could be Jane Bennet once more. The strong crunch of boots on the gravel pathway alerted Jane that she was not alone. She turned, anticipating a servant on the beginnings of their morning duties, only to be faced with the Master of Estate, fully dressed to ride, standing some yards away. "Mr. Bingley!" She exclaimed softly, color rushing to her cheeks, "I did not anticipate seeing another soul out so early on so bleak a day." He bowed low, "Mrs. Collins, Good morning to you." He smiled in his soft, sincere way and approached her. Jane wrapped her shaw tightly around herself, shivering at his approach. He believed it due to the weather, instead of the intensity of his own nearness. "My goodness Madam," he said, reaching her, "You must be chilled quite through. Is you jacket not yet cleaned and dried? Has Caroline not lent you one in it's stead?" Jane dipped her head, hardly able to meet his eyes with the words of her husband's missive so lately on her mind. "I assure you, I am well, sir. Miss Bingley has given us every possible attention. I simply found that I needed to step out of doors, and could not be made to bother a servant at such an hour as this." "I was likewise inclined," He said, offering her his arm. "I mean to go to the stables and see if I will be able to take Old Bess out to assess some of the fields before any more rain falls, but now that I am out of doors I find myself questioning the wisdom of that decision. The clouds do appear to be making a rather rapid approach." Jane took it, and the pair turned from the little wilderness into the walled sculpture garden that directly abutted the east side of the house. "While I admire your dedication to the land under your command, sometimes it is best to move with prudence. You may make assessments from this first storm only to be stuck in yet another and then have all of your efforts be wasted in light of new damage." She paused, and then added softly, "I should hate to see you wet through once again and as sick as my son, Mr. Bingley." Quite unwittingly, Bingley patted her hand with his own. He spoke with the most gentle tone Jane had ever heard a gentleman use when he answered her. "Mrs. Collins, alone as we are from any other soul, tell me truthfully, how does Mr. Collins fare?" With his tender and well meaning address, the reality of the situation she faced came crashing down on Jane. Her husband accused her of being a flirt or worse, but the truth was that she had arrived at Netherfield because she loved William with all a mother's love that she had to give. Someone had to care for him with that kind of love, or why should he even wish to recover? He could escape for a time to his parish and his over-bearing patroness at Rosings Park, but like herself, he too was trapped under the dominion of Mr. Collins Sr. Jane bit her trembling lip to prevent herself from crying aloud, but the weight of her burden was suddenly too heavy to bear when such a kind friend was near to worry for her. Bingley glanced down toward the beautiful woman on his arm, who looked away from him. "Mrs. Collins?" He prodded, barely more than a whisper. In that moment, hearing that name on the lips of a man she so esteemed and admired, Jane found that she lost all composure. She had dedicated so much of her young life to maintaining a veneer of tranquility with so little happiness or reward, that it was bound to come crumbling down eventually. That she should so break in front of Mr. Bingley was mortifying, but it could not be helped. Her reserves of strength were spent. Jane Collins very badly needed to weep, and she did so then, hanging onto Bingley's arm. With a great deal of concern, Bingley rapidly lead them to a bench. He sat next to her, murmuring indistinguishable words of comfort, and tutting softly. Somehow his arm made it's way across her shoulders, quite of its own accord, and he rubbed her back in soothing circles entirely unaware of his own actions, so absorbed he was in Mrs. Collins' distress. After a time, Jane began to find words. In the face of such kindness, such gentle comfort, they began to tumble out. Her first were of William. "Mr. Bingley, please forgive this uncouth display." She said, sniffling and unable to meet his eye. Bingley frowned heavily. "My dear Mrs. Collins, please do not trouble yourself. There is nothing to forgive. You are understandably very concerned for your family. It is entirely natural to give way to some tears in such a stressful situation." He handed her his handkerchief which mindlessly took. "William is very unwell, Mr. Bingley." She answered, dabbing fruitlessly at her face. "I have not seen someone so unwell since I nursed my mother before her passing." "I am grieved to hear it." He answered with solemnity. "I am glad that Darcy has had his physician come. Perhaps there is more than can be done that is out of Mr. Jone's capabilities." She turned toward him with wide, earnest eyes. "Please do not doubt my gratitude toward Mr. Darcy's kindness. He is the very epitome of Christian goodness to do so for us. I am attempting to put my trust in the doctor and my faith in God, but is so very difficult when I sit in William's sick room." Somehow her hand had found his own. Bingley spoke with a gravitas that Jane could have never imagined was contained within a man with such happy, carefree manners. "You are entirely correct. There is nothing more difficult than to face down death, knowing everything that happens is entirely out of your control. To be completely and utterly helpless in aiding those that you love the most, knowing there is nothing you can do, when there is nothing that you would not do to prevent it…" He trailed off, his voice seeming to catch on his words. Jane searched his handsome face, unsure of what exactly she sought. "Yes," she replied with feeling, "when you lose someone you truly love, there is nothing worse. Nothing you wouldn't give to take their place. I try to be a good Christian and take comfort that they are gone to the Lord's embrace, but it is comfort for their soul…not my own bereavement. Is it selfish to feel so empty without my own dear parents?" If Bingley sniffled himself with such a notion, Jane was too considerate to notice it. "If it is selfishness, let the Lord look kindly upon us for a sin which stems from a place of love. I will not feel guilt for the ache my father has left behind. My mother passed when I was very young, too young to truly comprehend the loss and barely old enough to have more than a vague memory of her. But my father, Mrs. Collins…" "Yes?" She whispered. "You must know by now that the Bingley fortune comes through trade. I am not afraid to own it, though my sisters would rather I forget those roots entirely. Never was there a man as hard working and as kind as my own dear father. He was my dearest friend in all the world. He so wanted to raise his children to a better life. He was still a healthy, vigorous man. A horse threw him on a hunt at a friend's estate." A small gasp escaped Jane's lips, and she clutched Bingley's hand tightly, urging him to continue. "He lingered for days, Mrs. Collins…I was able to make it to his bedside before he finally succumbed. To see your own father wither away in such a state… I doubt I shall ever fully escape that memory." Now it was Jane's turn to comfort, as tears gathered in the gentleman's eyes. "I am very sorry." He said with a mocking laugh toward himself. "I sought to comfort you in your distress, but I have somehow lost myself in thinking of my own regrets." "It is a great comfort, Mr. Bingley." She replied, her cornflower eyes pouring her heart into her words. "Such a very great comfort to know that I am not entirely alone in this world. That somewhere, there is a kind soul who understands me. A kindred spirit." "Yes," he answered, meeting her gaze with an expression so deeply serious it unnerved her, "it is a great comfort indeed." "You can not know, sir, how very much that means to me. How badly I have needed a friend these past few days. I thank you." "I am honored to be your friend, Mrs. Collins. You need never thank me for showing you any kindness. You are more than deserving of them." Hearing that name on his lips for what felt to be the thousandth time, Jane could not help but grimace. In her heart, her true heart, she was Jane Bennet through and though. Could Mr. Bingley not see that? Seeing the turn of her countenance, Bingley released the hand he realized he had been squeezing for some moments. How had he forgotten himself so entirely? "Have I distressed you Mrs. Collins?" He asked, rapidly filling with embarrassment at his familiar behavior. "No sir!" Jane cried, immediately feeling the loss of his nearness. "I only am unfamiliar with men so good as you." Artless as he was, Bingley could not help the incredulous expression that crossed his countenance. "I am grieved to hear that, Mrs. Collins. I hope that you have occasion to meet many more good people." Jane looked out then at the horizon, realizing that the early morning sunlight was now largely blocked by the ominous clouds above. How much time had passed in this secluded little spot? Unable to mask her disappointment she replied, "I believe it is time we re-entered the house." And gestured to the sky above limply. As if summoned by her finger tips, the first fat rain drop fell squarely on Bingley's head. Another followed with rapidity. "Indeed madam, it appears you are correct!" He said with a laugh. He held his arm out to her. "We must make haste!" They stood and hurried to the East Side door, which lead into the little used conservatory. Jane entered, and turned to her companion who hesitated. "I should return to the front of the house. It would perhaps be best that we are not seen returning soaking wet together. I would not have your husband call me out!" With his words, Jane blanched. However before either could reply, the sky opened up with such ferocity that there could be nothing for it. "Come sir! I will not have you soaked to the bone on account of the Collins family once more!" She reached his arm, and tugged on his sleeve slightly. "Very well!" He cried laughingly, "Far be it from me to contradict the orders of a lady." Safely inside the dark conservatory, the pair could not help but smile at each other in conspiratorial amusement at their predicament. Jane felt more that girl in that moment than she ever had. Her heart thundered with the pounding of the rain on the ceiling above. "I would have you return first, Mrs. Collins," Bingley said, his eyes warm. "I believe you are supposed to be abed after a long and tiring evening of sitting vigil with our patient." Jane dipped into a courtesy, walking toward the door which lead into Netherfield's halls. "I will rest much easier after having had your company, Mr. Bingley." He bowed low, "It was my pleasure to accompany you Mrs. Collins." Jane faced the door, and placed her hand on the handle, but did not turn the knob. Summoning every ounce of courage within her, she made the following request. "Mr. Bingley…I know that is very unlikely we should ever be alone in company again as were this morning. But, if we ever find ourselves in such a tete-a-tete again…I must beg of you…please, will you not call me Jane?" Embarrassed at her own boldness, she did not wait for a reply. She opened the door and walked through it, unaware of how his eyes burned after her.
AUTHOR'S NOTES:Wow! Once again, I am overwhelmed by the response this story is receiving, and I'm deeply appreciative for all your feedback. This chapter is a short one, that's problably been written for well over a month at this point. I have another chapter nearly complete, but this section and the next simply did not connect the way I needed them to, and was rushing the already tight time line of this story. My plan is to have the next chapter up before the end of April. I imagine that in the future I will probably revise this section and the next to piece together more neatly, but for now I decided my readers had waited long enough for an update - and having this section out of the way may help clear out some of my writer's block. I know exactly where I'm taking this story and how it will conclude, but sometimes getting the individual scenes out to take us to that point is difficult. As always, thanks for reading! All feedback is welcome. Also, this story is solely the property of the author MRNON. It is at this time, only published on this platform. If you see this story anywhere else online, it has been plagiarized. Be not alarmed, madam, on receiving this letter, by the apprehension of its containing any repetition of those sentiments or renewal of those offers which when last we met, were so disgusting to you. I write without any intention of paining you, during an already difficult time, by dwelling on wishes which, for the happiness of both, must remain forgotten. The effort which the formation and perusal of this letter must occasion, should have been spared, had not my character required it to be written and read. I hope that upon reading you will find it within yourself to forgive the breach of propriety I have taken to deliver this missive to your hands. I have entrusted the delivery of this note to the care of Colonel Fitzwilliam, as I have been informed of your renewed acquaintance. He has been informed of the contents within, and has been granted the authority to act as an agent on my behalf, should you have need of him. "You write uncommonly fast." With a subtle groan, the author of the letter being remarked upon lifted his eyes from the page before him. Though the rain of the early morning had stopped, the skies of Hertfordshire remained foreboding. Fitzwilliam Darcy glanced at the sodden fields through the window panes of Netherfield's drawing room with longing. He was rapidly learning how very tiring it was to be a guest in a friend's home when all were trapped indoors for several long days. His good breeding compelled him to reply to his hostess, though he took no pleasure in the dialogue. He answered flatly, stating, "You are mistaken, I write rather slowly." The drawing room was presently filled with nearly all of Netherfield's occupants, though Mrs. Collins had returned to her room for further rest after sitting vigil with her step-son through out the night. Her sister sat with them for a few moments of respite, a well worn Bible open in her hands. The somber atmosphere of a house hosting an invalid in combination with the relentless tide of grey skies that had assaulted the neighborhood did little to induce cheer and conversation amongst the residents. Miss Bingley was understandably listless. She had spent some moments meandering through out the room, as is searching for some entertainment that could not be found from the settee. Darcy was not wholly unsympathetic to the lady's plight, and willed himself to address her in a more gentleman-like manner, when she replied, saying, "How many letters you should have occasion to write within the course of a year! Letters of business too! How odious I should find them." You are a gentleman of good breeding, was his silent reprimand, a gentleman is always civil to his hostess, if he can not be galant. Steeling himself, he smiled thinly at the lady. "It is fortunate that they fall to my lot instead of yours." From the little wing back closest to the fire, came a small chuckle. Mary Bennet's cool blue gaze remained fixed on the page before her, however her pink lips trembled slightly, suppressing a smirk. Darcy watched her unabashedly, his mind turning toward another woman who would find such an exchange amusing. Miss Bennet did not deign to meet his eyes, though Darcy was sure she laughed at his expense. Did nothing escape the young lady's notice? No simpleton, the mistress of Netherfield saw the direction of her guest's attention and watched it with annoyance. She had wished to draw Mr. Darcy into conversation with herself, but in his increasingly typical fashion, it was the small and solemn Miss Bennet who captured his interest. That such a common sort of girl could attract a man like Darcy was a notion not to be borne. Miss Bingley moved through the room with as unstudied an air as possible, and happened to find herself in the direct path of his gaze, effectively blocking the object of his contemplation. " You have stopped writing, Mr. Darcy. I am afraid you do not like your pen." she said sweetly, moving toward him, "Let me mend it for you. I mend pens remarkably well." Swallowing a grimace, he responded cordially saying, "Thank you - but I always mend my own." A bored and jealous Miss Bingley was not to be gainsaid. "Will you give my regards to dear Georgianna? Tell her how delighted I am with her designs for the little table." "Forgive me, but I have already finished writing to my sister at present. I am currently engaged writing a note of condolence to a friend." "Oh!" the lady said with a little gasp of surprise, "My apologies, Mr. Darcy." He dipped his head in acknowledgement, and picking up his pen once more, attempted to continue. Barely before he had transcribed another sentence to the page, his friend called out to him from his place at the card table. "I say, Darcy, I'm terribly sorry to hear of your friend's loss. Was it anyone I am acquainted with? I know Denhue's mother has been unwell for some time now." Darcy felt, rather than saw, the attention of the entire room turn toward himself. He was hardly a superstitious man, but with Death already looming over Netherfield, it seemed in bad taste to bandy about the topic so casually. He felt Miss Bennet's critical, intelligent eyes on him, even through the orange muslin blockade Caroline had erected between them. Keeping his eyes to the parchment, he replied in as controlled a manner as possible, "I am unsure. You were in Town very little when I frequently kept company with this acquaintance." Bingley chuckled lightly. "You're no great lover of society, Darcy. I believe I am at the very least acquainted with all your intimate connections. Please pass along my condolences as well." "Yes, Mr. Darcy." Caroline interjected eager to have her share, "Please do, from all our family." The gentleman paused, unsure of how to continue. If he and Bingley were alone, he could openly state that he was writing to Adelaide Bernard, not only an unmarried woman, but an actress at that. He had no qualms in acknowledging the acquaintance to his friend. Charles had met Miss Bernard briefly, at a rather raucous dinner party, during the same time that Darcy had first made her acquaintance. The death of his father had pulled Bingley from Town very early in that season, and bereft of one of his closet friends, and not overly fond of society in general, Darcy had had plenty of time to cultivate his friendship with the lady while Charles was in the north. He knew they were often in company, but he remained unaware of Darcy's disastrous proposal from the following spring. However, to own the connection in the mixed company present would only present a fodder of gossip for Bingley's sisters. As aware as he was that Miss Bingley very dearly wished to catch him for a husband, having such a salacious piece of knowledge of Mr. Darcy's intimacy with an actress could prove too delicious for her not to share. Mrs. Hurst, with no ambition toward his person and less amusement in her day to day life, would have even less reason to remain quiet. Darcy did not care to have his name and reputation under scrutiny from the public at large, but his concern for Adelaide was greater still. She could hardly wish to be reputed to be connected to him in any dishonorable fashion, after vehemently rejecting his honorable offer. It was an insupportable notion. He colored and was silent for a several moments, contemplating how he should answer. Before he could reply, another feminine voice cut into the fray. "Forgive me, Mr. Darcy, but I must beg to be recognized amongst the well wishers." Miss Bennet rose from her seat, and stood next to Miss Bingley, so that she could address the gentleman directly. "You are writing to Miss Adelaide Bernard, are you not?" If Darcy had surprised the present company with the idea he was writing a letter of condolence, Miss Bennet's request astonished them all. Darcy looked up at the slender girl from his spot at the writing desk, his heart pounding with her question. She had been present at the breakfast table when Caroline and Louisa had read of Benito Forelli's death. He had watched her, and her sister, seeking any sign that they were aware of the pair in question. While the elder sister had seemed unperturbed, Miss Bennet's intelligent, thoughtful expression was difficult to mask to a discerning audience. Now here was the beginning of confirmation of all those suspicions! Blast this weather! If only Dr. Drummond and and Bow Street were here already! Uncomfortable as he was, he could not bring himself to dissemble when faced with such a direct inquiry. "Indeed I am, Miss Bennet." He said, locking eyes with her in as serious a fashion as he was able. Next to her, Caroline barely was able to mask her her shock. The arch of her brows disappeared beneath a spray of elegantly arrange curls. Only her seminary training allowed her to maintain her composure, and she spoke, saying, " I am surprised, Mr. Darcy. You said you had but a slight acquaintance with Signore Forelli. It seems rather unusual for you to extend yourself in such a fashion." Inwardly, Darcy wanted to laugh. If Miss Bingley had an inkling of just how far he was willing to extend himself for Adelaide, her surprise would be limitless. Miss Bennet held his gaze steadily, her eyes attempting to send a message that her lips would not dare speak. "I have been an admirer of Signore Forelli since I was girl, and my drawing master in London took me to see his exhibit of the Many Moods of Venus with several of his pupils. I am not acquainted with Miss Bernard personally, but I have followed her career since then." She paused, and Darcy noticed that her hands twisted against her skirts in a rare display of nerves for such a normally stoic and unflappable young woman. "I most sincerely wish to convey my warm regards, and best wishes for her health and happiness. It must be such a trying time for her, to have lost her family. I wish her to know she is beloved, no matter how far away." It was impossible to remain unmoved. That sly slip of a country girl had poured such a wealth of emotion into her short speech that Darcy nearly felt breathless from the weight of it. Could there be any denial of the connection now? Did he need Bow Street at all? Seeing her cheeks redden and her hands wriggle with nerves, Darcy's natural inclination toward gentleness was sufficiently awakened for him to answer. "Not so very far, Miss Bennet. Hertfordshire is only half a day's ride from Town." He said softly. "Of course, sir." She replied, displaying a more demure manner than he had ever witnessed from her. Cool blue eyes wide and incredibly serious. "It is not such a great distance in miles, but in circumstance." She paused, and then with great energy, continued, asking, "You will convey my message, will you not?" He held her gaze with an earnest solemnity. "I promise, I will do your words justice, Miss Bennet." "Well Miss Bennet!" Bingley called from across the room, "I had no idea you had such an extensive education. Darcy's connection with Miss Bernard surprises me less, for his mother's family is widely known for their patronage in the arts. I believe I have seen some mention of Lady Matlock and Miss Bernard in company in the papers, have I not Caroline?" He inclined his head toward his sister as he spoke, but continued without pausing for reply, saying, "Yet nothing has been acquainted to me of this accomplishment of yours! Should you like paper and drawing materials while you remain here with us? I imagine it could provide ample distraction while we all remain so confined." Darcy had never been so glad of his friend's congeniality as he was in that moment, Bingley's polite effusion broke the powerful hold of Miss Mary Bennet's eyes. She turned to her host with perfect civility, and began to engage with him in a conversation of her varying studies. "I thank you, Mr. Bingley, but I am perfectly content with my reading, at present. You are very kind to offer. After the death of my mother, Mrs. Collins too over the management of my education and ensured that I had all the usual accomplishments. However, we learned rather quickly that I do not have a great skill for drawing, nor the patience needed to give my hands mastery of it. I admire art, but I no longer attempt to create it." " Think nothing of it, Miss Bennet. I am more than happy to provide my guests with any entertainment it is within my power to bestow while they remain with us." Darcy had been thankful many times for the congeniality of his friend, but never so much as in that moment. So much had been said, and unsaid, and it was best that certain members of the party were presently occupied and unable to discern how discomposed he was. If Bow Street could but arrive at the door! Meryton was half a day's journey from London by horse back, in good weather, but by carriage with the roadways wet as they were? The good Dr and his newest apprentice travelled far too slowly to be satisfactory. And while the mystery of the Collins family gnawed at him, his concern for the heir of the family was very real. William Collins spent his days in night in fevered sleep, laudanum and bleeding the only thing to bring him greater rest. His ankle had been declared broken by the apothecary, and Meryton did not have a surgeon in residence at present. Mr. Jones had set the bone with the aid of Darcy's valet Smyth, and the patient's screams had echoed through out the great house. It was a prodigious deal of pain for a weak and sick man to endure. The concern that the younger man would not endure it was a real and valid one. And his own father had yet to come and see his son himself. Any man with feeling would have left the state of his fields to his steward and sat vigil with his only son. It was the only natural response in the world. Instead it was two young women who cared for him, and neither a blood relation. As the master of Longbourn's lack of feeling incensed him, the concern and care of Mrs. Collins and Miss Bennet warmed him immensely. Darcy could find Mrs. Collins to be scheming and artful in the pursuit of a husband for her sister, but she as caring as she was conniving when it came to those she loved. Each day that had passed brought with it worsened news of the young clergyman. Darcy glanced at the window once again, cursing the state of the roads and his own helplessness. He hated that so much was out of his control - so much to be left to the Lord's design. He felt as restless as Miss Bingley was listless. He longed to act. Feeling the pen in his hand, it occurred to Darcy that there was at least one action he could take from the confines of Netherfield's drawing room. Dipping into the inkwell, he began his letter again, his mind swirling with new information. Author's Notes: Is Bow St ever going to show up to netherfield to blow the lid off this thing? Do we need them to at this point? Stay tuned!
AUTHOR'S NOTES: As always, thanks so much for the continued feedback. I promised to get another chapter out by the end of April, and your enthusiasm and encouragemnet definitely helped me to deliver! Casual reminder to readers: You guys are making a lot of assumptions that just because Mary may or may not know something, Jane may or may not know it as well. Assume nothing! I'd say we're a little more than half way through the story at this point. The pace is going to start picking up considerably, and players are going to start making some moves across the boards. Very eager to hear your thoughts on where you think this all is going! The only promise I make is a happy ending. Afternoon passed into the evening in the same tedious vein. The specter of Death loomed over them all, and for Jane Collins, it hung heaviest of all. She had spent a few restless hours abed after being caught in the morning rain with Mr. Bingley, but her many worries would not allow for rest. She had tossed and turned for some time, ruminating over the paradox that her husband had presented to her. He berated her for staying at Netherfield to nurse his son, yet William's injury and subsequent illness were a result of his father's actions. That he convalesced at Netherfield was a turn of fate none could have anticipated. What was Jane to do but nurse him? It was the most natural instinct in all the world, to care for one's loved ones when they fell ill. She certainly had not traveled thither for Mr. Bingley, of all things! Now sitting at William's bedside once more, Jane held the missive from her husband, written in Hill's shaky hand. She frowned at the crumbled parchment, knowing what ugly sentiments were contained within. She had long ago realized that her husband was not a kind or easy man, but this note seemed to validate every ill thought she had ever had of his character. From the four-poster bed, came a feverish whimper, interrupting Jane's silent reverie. The black silken strands of William's hair hung limply on either side of sunken cheeks. His round, jovial face, so often pink-cheeked from time spent out-of-doors in the parsonage garden, seemed hollow and ashen. She reached for him, pushing the hair from his forehead and fluffing the pillow beneath his head. His skin was damp and enflamed. She reached for the basin next to the bedside, and dipped a fresh rag into the stagnant pool. There was little else she could do to aid him in the moment. Jane had not sat by many sick beds. When her mother had birthed the long awaited Bennet heir, she and her sisters had been sent to Meryton in the care of Aunt and Uncle Phillips for the duration of the labor. The child had come far too early, and both the midwife and the doctor had warned Mrs. Bennet that her body was no longer strong enough to bring a babe into the world. Jane had only been summoned back to Longbourn when the babe had passed, and it had become apparent that Mrs. Bennet would soon follow. She was just fourteen, hardly out of the school room, and she had watched her mother die. Mrs. Bennet had been almost entirely senseless to Jane's presence, so consumed as she was by fever, yet seemed to settle into restfulness when Jane would hold her hand or wipe her brow with a cool, damp, cloth. A child no longer, Jane felt the same overwhelming hopelessness at four-and-twenty that she had at fourteen. Mr. Jones had been providing every possible care he was fit to give, and thankfully Mr. Darcy's own valet had some experience in tending to the ill from service as a batman. William's broken ankle had been set, and eventually would mend, but to what end? If he recovered from his fever, it was still impossible to know how this injury would afflict him through life…and his fever, it seemed to burn through him with a righteous fury. Jane's nature was prone to optimism, even idealism. However her inherent character had spent most of her young life largely at odds with the realities presented to her. She had grown increasingly pragmatic with age, maturity and the many disappointments and hardships of her life. That William would succumb to his fever was an increasingly likely possibility. Ever hour that passed with no break in the onslaught against his body only gave strength to the illness which held him. All the occupants of Netherfield were deeply worried. And yet, William's own father…he remained unperturbed. With William's murmurings subsided, Jane dropped the rag into the basin and sunk heavily into the chair at his bedside. She would not give way to despair when William still fought for his life, but her deep concern, her fears, they ate away at her. She was exhausted. And his father? The only concerns he had for his son were his marriage prospects! She lifted the parchment once more, slender hands smoothing it on her lap. The light of the sick room was dim, but Jane hardly needed to see the paper any more to recount Collins' horrid words. No inquiry into how his son and heir fared. No question as to his recovery at all! Only insinuations and accusations to her own honor, threats, and money-grabbing schemes! Just when she thought she had seen the extent of her husband's arrogance and avarice, he continued to surprise her! That Collins was so sure of William's eventual recovery only showed the depth of his foolhardy arrogance. First Miss Bingley had written so strongly that it had brought Jane and Mary to Netherfield's door step, but then Mr. Jones had also sent his own ill tidings to Longbourn, explaining the severity of William's illness. How could a Christian man be so consumed by both jealousy and greed that the life of his only child was inconsequential? Not for the first time, Jane wondered if her husband was capable of love in any form. She had seen his greed, his pride, his lust, and perhaps he thought of those feelings as love, but Jane knew better. She sunk her head into her hands, watching the rise and fall of her stepson's chest though a bevy of thick, wet, eyelashes. There lay the only man in her life who had not hurt her, who had done as best he could to protect her. Needing occupation, she reached into the basin, swirling the rag between her finger tips. He was as much a victim of his circumstances as herself. Born the heir of Collins, his only child from two marriages, all the burden of expectations a cruel, avaricious man could have, had been placed on his shoulders. Jane had a pleasant childhood, before tragedy had ended her girlhood. William's life had been a constant nightmare, that turned a sweet, sensitive little boy into a weak, toadying, fearful man. She lifted the sopping fabric, twisting it between her hands in an iron grip. She brushed it against him, along his brow and against his neck, across his cracked lips. The pleasant coolness seemed to soothe him, though he did not awaken from his laudanum induced slumber. She hated that there was nothing else to be done for him by her own hand! William had tried, through the years, to ease some of Jane's burden. He was too fearful of his father to stand up to his abuse in a proper manner, but his little gifts of balms for her bruises and drops of laudanum in his father's claret had provided her with some relief. Her husband was infinitely preferable in a deep slumber to any other attitude. Jane would always be grateful to William for those little subterfuges of their mutual enemy. She would not fail him now. "And yet," Jane thought, with some feeling akin to resentment, "for William there has been an escape from abuse and a reward for his suffering." It was a simple truth. When Collins died, William would inherit Longbourn. Jane received nothing from his death, having no dowry of her own to put into a jointure for her when she was married. She had no real fear of the hedgerows, the way that her mother had been consumed by the notion. She knew that William would not turn her out, he was too soft hearted for that. However it was a devastating fact that for all she had spent her life enduring, she would receive nothing. The entail of Longbourn was ironclad, and the rights of a woman, very few. She would receive no respite from the law in her husband's life or death. For the duration of his father's life, William must work, for his father demanded it. In this instance, William had found a blessing in his father's greed. His desire for his son to be earning an income had meant that William had spent years away from Longbourn in schooling, and now had a position as a Clergyman with fifty miles separating them. If his patroness had not been so demanding and meddlesome, he might have never traveled to Longbourn again until it was time to claim it. William must have known that Collins would not react well to his sons' return to the neighborhood, simply for the cost of feeding him, if nothing else. The youngest of the Bennet sisters remained at school year round due to that very reason. They had not seen Longbourne or the elder sisters in years, though they wrote with frequency. Yet come he did, for Lady Catherine had been insistent that a clergyman with a fine living a forthcoming inheritance must be in want of a wife. Where better to procure such a person than in the county where he was to inherit, especially as it had been some years since he had returned to his family's seat. She could not have bestowed her favor on a worse object or on a more ill advised idea. William had spent so much of his formative years supplicating to his father's will that he had never developed any ability to deny the wishes of anyone stronger or more powerful than himself. Lady Catherine, knowing her parson only as he presented himself in Kent, had no idea what sort of family she was sending him to. "She may have sent him to his grave." Jane thought, with a rising fury. "Oh that he had never come at all!" The turn of her bedside musings was such that she could no longer remain seated. Jane rose, pacing the length of the elegant sick room in an attempt to calm her nerves. She was typically a more placid creature, but the helplessness which assaulted her gave her a restless energy that could not be placated. She was frightened, she was heart broken, and as she moved to and fro across the plush carpet, she realized, she was angry. The revelation struck Jane like a blow. Her head spun with the dizzying acknowledgement of her reflections. Tears filled her cornflower eyes for the second time that day, and her breathe came in short, panicked, gasps. The roaring fire of the sick room made her light headed and breathless. Her knees buckled under the weight of her slender frame. There amongst the blankets, lay the only man Jane could claim to love, familial though it was, and he lay dying due to the actions of others. When would God grant her any mercy? Had she not endured enough heart ache already? Jane was too practical a woman to give way to swooning fits. Mrs. Bennet had been a nervous woman, always with smelling salts within reach. Jane had never before had the luxury of time to allow her emotions to engulf her. There was always too much to be done, too many to care for. As her legs wavered beneath her and the room drifted into grey, she realized what was happening with no small surprise. "I am going to faint." The words whispered themselves from her lips unbidden, and a comforting darkness descended upon her. Jane could not be certain how much time had passed when she first opened her eyes, for she had given little heed to the hours that passed in William's sick room. When her eyes opened, she was presented with the shadows of fire flickering across the expanse of the ceiling. She must not have remained unconscious for a great deal of time, but the fall was enough for her body to feel stiff, and her head somewhat muddled. On the bed some feet away, William tossed in his sleep, murmuring plaintively. Jane squeezed her eyes shut once more, willing all her life to have been a very bad sort of dream. Perhaps, when she awoke, she would be a girl again, with two parents at home and a galley of giggling girls about the house. She squeezed with all her might, all her heart wishing that she could have a second chance at this life she had been given. They opened again. The same scene presented itself to her, and she sighed heavily, and remained on the floor, staring at the shadow dance above without truly seeing it. Time drifted by as Jane lay on the carpet, uncaring of the wrinkles to her dress or her untidy hair. William's fevered groans and the crackle of the fire were only marked by the ticking clock until, out loud Jane broke the spell, saying with feeling, "Why is it that I have spent my life trying so hard to be good, to receive nothing in return for my efforts?" In her mind, a voice rather like Mary's reminded her of the lessons of the patience of Job. "If my life has been a test, may I not fail at some point? I am so extraordinarily tired of being good. I am ready to let the Devil come for me." Visions of her sisters' sweet faces floated past her mind's eye. Her heart clenched at the sight. There in those four faces was all the reason in the world for keeping her goodness, her sweetness, her strength. They needed her, even Elizabeth, who had been gone so long. Slowly, she sat up, her fingers digging into the rich fabric that cushioned her, her resentment rising once more as she felt the fine material in her hands. Netherfield was a truly well appointed house. Mr. Bingley's father had dedicated his life to raise his children into this sphere. Her own father, born a gentleman, had left his five daughters penniless. He had fortunately married a woman with some little money to bequeath on his daughters, but beyond that, the Bennet girls were left with nothing. Bitterness rose in her breast. And her uncles? What use had they been in protecting the Bennet orphans? Good hearted as they may try to be, they had been utterly lax in their guardianship of the children who so desperately needed them. Through their own foolishness they had sold Jane away to a brute of a man, a callous, cold hearted, monster. Like a prized piece of cattle, she had been auctioned off to the highest bidder, and expected to be meekly obedient and thankful as she was herded off to her slaughter. Collins was older than her own father, but had enough of a young man's lust to hunger for Jane's body. He had decided her would have her, and the men who could have protected her from a life of abject misery, instead trapped her in it through their own laziness and stupidity. They should have risked the breach of contract, and ended her engagement when they realized what Collins had done. Instead, they had married off a sixteen year old girl to a man who was eight-and-forty. It had been convenient at the time. A clean, respectable end to all their troubles. It had only been the beginning of Jane's. Did good tempered girls like Jane deserve such a fate? Did any woman, whether rotten and willful, or sweet and docile? A sharp, masculine knock on the door, roused Jane from the dark spiral of her thoughts. "Yes?" She called, her voice wavering with the suppression of her ire. "Mrs. Collins," came the gentle reply, "May I enter? The doctor has just arrived on the drive. Darcy is seeing to him now." Jane rose, her cheeks flushing with shame. God certainly worked in mysterious ways, especially in Jane's own life. She had been cursing her fate, berating the lord for the lot he had given her, and lo and behold God's gift to her had been as near as Meryton. "Oh yes, Mr. Bingley, please." The door was opened with alacrity. Bingley stood in the doorway, the well lit hall flooding into the room and giving his feathery caramel hair the golden glow of an angel. Was it shame that flushed her cheeks now? They were alone. He stepped into the room, leaving the door opened wide for the vestiges of propriety. Jane's heart thundered in her chest. The fireplace crackled. She brushed at her wrinkled skirts, suddenly shy. They stood facing one another, both at a loss of what to say. "You missed tea." "Did I? I hadn't noticed the passing time. I may have drifted asleep for a moment or two." "Caroline wanted to ring for you, but I thought it best you remained undisturbed, just in case of that very scenario. I know you have hardly rested, sitting vigil with Reverend Collins." "That is very thoughtful of you, sir." "I did not mean to presumptuous. I only —- that is, we were both awake very early." "Indeed we were, sir. Believe me, I only have ever assigned the best of motives to any action of yours. You were right not to fetch me. I would have felt some obligation to my hosts to attend them, and in truth, I have not been in a very sociable mood. Forgive me." "There is nothing to forgive, Mrs. Collins." Jane had heard the name, her name, spoken to her hundreds of times in a day. Only from Mr. Bingley's lips did it make her flinch. Perhaps away from Netherfield, away from death and disease and temptation, she would find it tolerable once more. Embarrassment at her earlier request for intimacy flooded her. Of course Mr. Bingley would not call her by her Christian name! The man barely knew her. Foolish, fanciful girl! "I must look a fright. Please, excuse me Mr. Bingley." She murmured in reply, curtsying stiffly. He bowed, and turned slightly, allowing her to pass. She walked by, lip trembling slightly, but head held high. As she turned away from him to walk down the hall to her own chambers, she heard a murmur on his lips. Her steps faltered, and deep blue eyes gave him a searching glance. "I apologize, did you speak, Mr. Bingley?" He was crimson from his hair line to his cravat. His eyes wide as a saucer. "What!?" He asked, feigning ignorance. Jane watched his expressive face as a series of thoughts seemed to play across it. Suddenly he straightened his back where he stood, his voice taking on a deeper tone. "I uh, pardon me. Yes. I did. I only asked that you would take your leave to call me Charles when we are alone as we are now. I did not have the opportunity to extend to you the same curtesy that you offered me this morning. I did not want you walk away without doing so." Jane smiled then, a watery, soulful smile that came from the very depths of her good natured heart. She smiled with the power of every smile that had been denied to her through her years of heartbreak and drudgery. She smiled with the joy of God in her heart, she smiled with the serenity of peace. "It would be my honor, Charles." She said wistfully. And with those words, Jane Collins strode down the hall to freshen her toilette. The doctor was here. The rain would soon end. And Charles Bingley was her friend. vVvVvVvVvVv Elizabeth Bennet, more commonly known in London by her stage name, Adelaide Bernard, was becoming increasingly frustrated by the gathering of gentlemen that sat before her in what had become her very own drawing room only a few days prior. That she was even receiving these callers while dressed in black already went against every notion of propriety that she had been brought up with, but she could hardly be pressed to put off these men of business any further. What had been proposed by them was perhaps some of the most incredulous nonsense she had ever heard uttered by supposedly sensible men. "My dear Mr. Thompson, surely you and your esteemed colleagues can not be serious about this matter?" She said, her speaking eyes flashing with irritation even as she smiled prettily to the group. Of the group assembled, Harold Thompson was the only one who knew Adelaide with any real sort of intimacy. Some fifteen years her senior, he had been a great friend to Signore Forelli for most of his adult life, and it was through that mutual connection the pair had been introduced. It was Thompson who had realized that Adelaide had a greater talent to share with the world than sitting for paintings, he who had introduced her to the stage and begged Forelli to allow her the opportunity to make her own choices about her future. He had been half in love with her since they had met. While she was a striking figure, it was her passionate nature that had so drawn him in. She was a rare woman, and Thompson had seen the potential in her and what she could give to the world at large. Whatever irritation Adelaide was experienced was mirrored in the countenance of her friend. "It is not our intention to be dismissive of your grief, Miss Bernard." Thompson replied gingerly, "You know I loved the old man nearly as well as yourself! But there is much at stake. Think of your countless hours already spent in rehearsal, of the sets already built, of the other actors who are relying on your name to generate much needed ticket sales. Think of the investments made by your friends, the Matlocks." "Such a practiced and pretty speech, Mr. Thompson. I wonder with your affinity for theatre that you did not strive to grant it more credibility. You speak of the others affected by my decision to enter into mourning, all the while ignoring the one most injured by my choice - your own pocket book!" "Adelaide!" The older man spat, truly shocked, "It wounds me to hear you speak so!" The men before her exchanged uncomfortable glances, unsure of how to continue to appeal to her. Discussing finances with a lady was so rarely done, and they had been aghast to learn that she had no agent in her employ to speak on her behalf. To be accused of base motives so openly and abruptly was almost more than they could bare. That these accusations were entirely correct did not effect them. The men were entirely out of their depth. The actress surveyed her audience and knew her fiery performance was winning none of them to her side. Oh to be a man! To speak freely of unpleasant truths with firm direction! There was nothing she desired more in that moment than to tell lot of them to be gone from her presence, but instead she would have to simper, and smirk, and make love to them all. Then perhaps they would finally come to the recognition of what uncouth louts they were in requesting her to set aside a mourning period in favor of continuing with her scheduled performances in the new year. The words of a woman only carried weight with men such as these when they were presented through the vessel of feminine emotion. Any leading-lady must know how to deploy her femininity as a weapon when engaging in battle with stubborn men. Welling her famed eyes with the tears her audience so longed for, she looked over the assembled group behind the armor of thick, damp lashes. Her pleasant, lilting voice trembled with repressed emotion, if the audience thought it to be grief rather than exasperation, it was their own fault for not giving her sound and logical arguments the credit they deserved. If they wished to be beguiled by her charms rather than convinced by her sense, that was their prerogative. "Forgive me," she said, with a very pretty softness, "I am so very overwhelmed by the many changes that have come about so rapidly. My dear Padre always handled matters of finance on my behalf. We all knew he was aging and tired, but I would have never presumed him to be so close to death. I do not know how to proceed." Hot tears slid down her pretty cheeks. Handkerchiefs were being pressed toward her with rapidity. The gentleman shifted uncomfortably, but in the manner of discomfort they were familiar with. They expected silly little girls to be lost and to cry. They did not expect to be confronted by young women about their own greed and lack of sensitivity. For her own part, Adelaide was pleased with the speech. It only contained one lie. She knew exactly how to proceed, for both the sake of propriety and her own broken heart. It was time to mourn the darling man she had lost, and to mourn him heartily. She had loved him, and he was gone. There was nothing more natural in all the world than to mourn. As they clamored around her, talking over one another and her tears, the Butler appeared in the door way. "Lady Matlock, and Colonel Richard Fitzwilliam, madam." The group rose to receive the distinguished guests. Lady Matlock dipped her head to them, and crossed the room hurriedly, hands out stretched to her favorite pet. "I have only just returned to Town, Miss Bernard, and I was so hoping that I would not find you entirely shut out to guests just yet. I am so terribly sorry for your loss." "Thank you, your Ladyship." came the actress' gentle reply as she dipped into her most reverent curtesy. "It is a loss for all of England, indeed for the civilized world, to have lost so great a talent, and sometimes it is easy when a great man dies to forget that he was, first and foremost, a man. You must be hurting terribly, child." The well meaning words struck Adelaide to the core where Elizabeth lay. The tears that followed did not have to be produced, but arrived quite organically. "Indeed I am, your Ladyship. My sorrow is boundless." In the presence of such tears, the assembled group of Covent Garden businessmen felt their discomfort shifting to something too closely resembling shame. If Lady Matlock did not seemed concerned about her investment in the upcoming production, perhaps all was not as lost as they had feared, and they were over reacting. And yet, they could not move forward in uncertainty. Mr. Thompson interjected himself into the tete-a-tete with his practiced charms. "It truly is a great loss, your Ladyship. We meet here today to not only mourn the loss of this great man, but to strategize as to how Miss Bernard can continue his legacy. He was, after all, devoted to the arts." The great lady looked over the group occupying the drawing room as if she was noticing them for the very first time. As she assessed them it began to occur to her that only members of the theatre were represented. "I am sure Miss Bernard will have ample time in her mourning period to best decide how she wishes Signore Forelli to be memorialized. It is her right as his heir." Colonel Fitzwilliam stepped forward with a deep bow, a simple floral arrangement in hand. "Miss Bernard, I beg you will forgive my intrusion into your home during this difficult time. I have used my mother being included amongst those admitted to my own advantage. Seeing you now, so bereft, it occurs to me how selfish it is of me to press my acquaintance on you so newly in your grief." Here he paused with a side long glance at Thompson. With a watery smile she addressed him. "There is no need to apologize Colonel. We are old friends, are we not? I have only been thinking of attempting to protect my reputation in restricting who may call, now that I am alone in the world. There can be nothing improper in you conveying your respects in the company of your honorable mother." With kind eyes, he answered saying, "You are graciousness itself, Miss Bernard. Please accept this posey as token of my friendship during this trying time. I will see myself out and await Lady Matlock in the carriage." He crossed the threshold of the space, and in doing so stood in such a way as to block half the room from seeing her figure. He pressed the delicate bouquet into her hand, and with a soft wink, allowed a carefully folded piece of parchment to slide from his hand and into center of the arrangement. A consummate actress, Adelaide did not allow her face to give her surprise away to the group at large, though her brow raised slightly in question as she curtsied to him. He bowed and left them all. Arranged comfortably by Lady Matlock and with a face freshly wet with tears, the hard hearted men would have to pause in their attack. Soon enough the proper time for a social call had passed, and with pointed looks from the Countess, the entire group departed. Elizabeth was glad for it. Lady Matlock was very kind, but once her son had placed his note in her hand, she had no thoughts for any other matter. Letting the staff know that she was not at-home for any other callers, she raced to her bedroom, and tore her missive open to read words that would astonish her. Author's Notes: Would you believe me that when I started this story I thought it was going to be largely Lizzy/Darcy focused? It's turning out that Jane really has quite the story to tell.
AUTHOR'S NOTES: WOW! Thank you all so much for your continued readership, feedback and support. With each chapter I post I become more and more shocked by how much attention this story has received and I am so grateful for it. The world outside of writing has been pretty busy and stressful lately, and your continued encouragement has really helped me to get this chapter out boosted my confidence so much. I hope to have the next chapter out by the end of July. It is partially written already, but as we are really starting to get the plot rolling, chapters are going to get longer and more complex to write. The hour was late and the damp air of November rain had begun to permeate the halls of Netherfield. Darcy stood before the billiard table, hardly seeing the plays before him. To his back was a roaring fire, which did little to warm him - the draft had settled comfortably into the great house. Across the table stood his best friend, one Charles Bingley, master of Netherfield, a glass of half drank brandy in his hand, his sandy hair irretrievably tussled. While physically present, the minds of both men drifted through the halls of Netherfield, meandering in and out of the many rooms. It had been a long and trying day, in a relentless series of them. They had been offered up some relief by the arrival of Dr. Barringer and Mr. Gantry, though the gentlemen had no glad tidings for them. The Reverend Collins remained in as fevered a state as ever, and the doctor attributed only his age, an assumption of a naturally strong constitution, and God's favor, that he had not yet succumb to the fire that burned within him. More worrisome was that a cough had developed, a cough that racked through his chest to send the entirety of his body into convulsions. A cough filled with foul phlegm, that would not allow the ill man any further rest unless heavily medicated. It was determined that the patient was simply too weak for any further blood-letting. Salves were applied to lessen the severity of the cough, and to soothe the extensive bruising of his body. The pair had given their reports to their host and their benefactor only a quarter hour prior. "I am exceedingly sorry, Mr. Darcy," the doctor had said with sincerity, "If the roads had been better and I could have reached Hertfordshire with more haste, perhaps I could do more." Darcy had frowned heavily, and said nothing, knowing the doctor's words to be true. Bingley, thinking of his friend Jane - Mrs. Collins! - and how distraught she already was, had more to say. "Please, I beg of you, spare no expense in attempting to aid our friend - I know that Mr. Darcy has already advanced you some degree of money, but know that the pockets of Netherfield are bottomless when in the business of saving a man's life." The doctor had laughed then, joylessly, and placed a comforting hand on Bingley's shoulder. "Believe me, son, that I am doing all in my power to help Reverend Collins. Our obstacles have nothing to do with monetary access. It is an unfortunate truth that the sum of mankind's medical knowledge can only tell us so much. I do not wish to speak so bluntly, but the situation is truly dire. I have done all I can to ease his suffering at present, and will continue to administer to this patient until he is well, or passes. At this stage in his illness, we can only do what we can to comfort him and to support his battle as much as possible. However it is Mr. Collins alone who must wrestle with this foe. All we can do is attempt to aid him in his fight. Prayers would not be remiss." "Forgive me," Bingley replied, dropping his head in embarrassment. "I do not mean to discredit any of your efforts or your generosity in leaving your usual practice to attend us in the country side." "Think nothing of it, Mr. Bingley," Dr Barringer replied with warmth. "A man in my position must not become offended by such a generous offer. And perhaps a lesser man might aim to take advantage of such an offer to his own benefit. However Mr. Darcy has summoned me here because I am not such a man — I am cousin to Viceroy _ and have no need to bribe my clients with promises of impossible results. I can well afford to be honest, and God's honest truth is that what will come may be completely out of my hands at this juncture. Perhaps if the patient was well physically…but I digress." A thin, wheedling voice cut across the room. "Yet the patient is not well physically, and the circumstance of his leaving the protection of a covered carriage on such a day as you gentlemen have described to us, leaves one with many questions." Darcy turned toward the Bow Street runner with alacrity. "I am not pleased with the circumstance in which we all find ourselves, but I am glad to know that now surveying the situation yourself, you do not find me remiss in requesting your presence here." "No indeed, Mr. Darcy," Mr. Gantry replied with keen energy, "Your request to Bow Street interested us all greatly. Now that I have arrived I am eager to begin in earnest. I fail to understand why a young man of such stature and status could have found himself evicted from his family equipage and then trapped in such a deluge. My examination of the patient matches what was conveyed to you by your valet. Mr. Collins was beaten with severity, prior to his visit to Netherfield and subsequent walk in the rain." All the gentleman turned toward the small, thin man with bright eager eyes. Seeing he had the full attention of the room, Gantry continued, saying - "Furthermore, I believe him to have suffered many such attacks - he has a fascinating pattern of scarring which could only develop over the passage of many years. I have only seen similar patterns among self-flagellating papists when I was on the continent, and convicts." The medical man look mildly curious, while Darcy grew grave and his friend winced in sympathy. "There is no chance of of his injuries being inflicted by an attack from highwaymen, or a band of gypsies perhaps? We are only half a day's ride from Town." Bingley asked. "I will not eliminate any possibility just yet," the smaller man replied. "I have only just begun my investigation," seeing Bingley grimace, he added, "yes, I am afraid I must carry out a full investigation. Whether by stranger, acquaintance, or family, the Reverend was assaulted, that much can be ascertained for certain. Whoever beat him so severely either meant to kill him and did a hack job of it, or had no regard for his life in the moment of attack - a premeditated attempt at murder is certainly more foul, and more fascinating than fisticuffs gone wrong, but in either circumstance a crime has most certainly been committed — and the victim a man of God, no less!" "We are very happy that you have come, sir. Are these not modern times? Should such a brute go unpunished? I certainly think not!" Responded the host, with some bluster. Dr. Barringer interjected again. "It is important to remember that medical observation is not proof in this case. The bruising on the gentleman's neck, chest, arms and back arms indicates from it's coloration a duration of time of some five of six days, and it has only been three since Mr. Collins was discovered. However, there are many variables that could effect the coloration, and some people are known to bruise with above or below average intensity. It is merely a hint toward a time line of events - not approbation of your theory." "I however, can provide the approbation, and Mr. Smyth, my valet, will also lend credence to my observation." Darcy said, absolute conviction written across his countenance. "Indeed sir?" Grandly asked, with no small degree of excitement. "Yes." Darcy replied firmly. "When the Collins family came to Netherfield for their social call, I was introduced to Mr. Collins as a new member of their family party. As I was meeting the gentleman for the very first time, I was looking toward him with purpose, in order to remember his face and attach it firmly to his name in my mind. I could not help but observe that the gentleman was wearing a truly extravagant cravat, and if he had been dressed in silks, would have written him off as a dandy. However, he was very simply dressed in all other respects, and the cravat looked rather…well, forgive me, but silly." Gantry laughed affably at Darcy's discomfort in speaking ill of another man's fashion, while Barringer cracked a small smile. Bingley to his credit, frowned at the description. "I am sure Mr. Smyth can confirm the audacious style of Mr. Collins' cravat, but that does not corroborate with Mr. Gantry's theory that the assault occurred prior to Mr. Collins' visit to Netherfield." Interjected the host, with the hint of a scolding in his tone. "Indeed, it does not, Bingley." Replied his friend, "However as the cravat was so…bold a choice, I felt compelled to study it at length during my conversation with the gentleman, and I did observe at that time that there was some very dark purple bruising at the top of his neck. It had been mostly concealed but with a keen study it was detectable. I feel very sure that Mr. Collins received the bulk of his injuries before attending us at Netherfield." The eldest amongst the men assembled, Barringer looked toward Darcy with a frightening gravitas. "If Mr. Collins truly was attacked, and for a darker purpose than the usual robbery, your testimony could be vital to bringing a man to justice. It is likely that any man charged with this crime could hang — and if Mr. Collins dies, they most certainly shall. Are you certain enough of this fact that you would willingly testify in court to its truth?" Bingley let out a low whistle at the notion. For a moment, the intensely private Darcy hesitated. Testify in a trial! His every word and look written about with fervor in the paper, friends and acquaintances placing wagers on the outcome in his clubs! To be talked about and personally addressed with such frequency?! There was nothing he detested more. As quickly as his distaste for public display arrived at the forefront of his mind, it vanished again. In it's place was the image of William Collins, desperately waving out to voices calling to him through the storm, soaked through, caked in mud, ankle swollen, body bruised, eyes feverish. No man deserved such indignity. Certainly not a young, painfully timid, man of God. If Darcy could help deliver justice for this crime, he would. "Yes." He said, matching the doctor's gravitas for his own, "Yes I would testify to that. I am wholly confident in my observation." Gantry clapped his hands together gleefully. "Excellent. Excellent. It is quite a delight to be in the employe of gentleman with such acute observational skills and quickness of mind! With the help of you gentlemen, we will solve this crime with rapidity." The slight man began to pace the length of the billiard room, as if his feet needed to keep pace with the increasingly rapid flow of his thoughts. The other men watched him tarry to and fro in bemused astonishment. As he moved, Gantry pulled a long piece of parchment from his waist coat and unfolded it. The page was covered in cross marked lines, an indicperhable mess to anyone but it's author. Checking it over, the gentleman asked, "The magistrate of this town, I have him listed as Sir William Lucas. Are you acquainted with him Mr. Bingley?" "Indeed I am, a very affable gentleman. He will be very eager to be of assistance, I am sure." "Very good news! We must call on him tomorrow, as early as one allows in the country. If the roads are very bad, we must travel on foot. It is of the upmost importance to see him, and I shall rely on you to introduce me." "I am more than happy to take up that office sir." "I shall need to also have interviews with and Miss Bennet. They all left Netherfield in the Collins family carriage together, correct?" "No - Darcy told me he heard Mr. Collins declare that he would seek his exercise and return to Longbourn on foot." Gantry froze with the words, and turned toward where Darcy stood with a quick pivot of his heel, sharply asking, "Is that true, Mr. Darcy? I wonder at you're summoning me if such is the case." The assembled group look toward Darcy with a variety of expressions. Knowing what must be said, the gentleman squared his shoulders and responded in contrite tones, saying, "Forgive me, Bingley - you know disguise of any sort is my abhorrence. That is what I told Bingley at the time, Mr. Gantry. I did not want to disclose what I had witnessed as it seemed a very private and embarrassing situation for Mr. Collins. I had been standing toward the windows of the drawing room during the length of the Collins' visit to Netherfield. Mr. Bingley or any of the other guests could attest to my vantage point. These windows look out onto the drive and the view ends where the drive heads into woods once more. I watched the carriage pull off almost completely out of view, but then it stopped, and I saw Mr. Collins emerge. The carriage then sped off, splattering the man with mud. I could not make out his facial features from such a distance, but the way he held his head…he seemed a broken man. I felt that I had witnessed a private moment that he would not want anyone to know of, especially Bingley or myself." "Good God man!" Bingley cried, "I do not blame you in the least for dissembling. It was natural and just that you should do so. When he recovers, I believe the right thing to do would be to dissemble still - he need never know what you witnessed. Few men could bear such humiliation." "If he recovers, he must bear it." Gantry spat. "The only way to achieve justice is through full knowledge of the unvarnished truth - no matter how private or embarrassing it may be." A low, gravely yawn interrupted the speculation. "Pardon me, gentleman." The doctor said with weary tones. "I shall aid in whatever way I can with the investigation of Mr. Collins' assault, but my primary responsibility is to see him live through it. As I expect for him to awaken in a few hours, I feel it best to seek my retirement presently." "Of course!" Bingley replied, cheeks flushing, "After a cold wet ride from London you must be utterly exhausted. I beg your pardon!" He glanced toward the clock with a frown. "I will lead you to your bedchamber myself, the servants have been working so diligently to attend our patient and all my guests' needs, I hate to disturb them at so late an hour. Follow me if you would, Doctor." The gentlemen exchanged the typical bows - Bingley led Barring from the room, talking about the history of the house with good breeding. Gantry turned Darcy as their host's voice drifted out of hearing, his eyes shining. "And now, the rest of it, Mr. Darcy. All the sordid little pieces you would rather not share." The gentleman from Derbyshire approached the sideboard, pulling a crystal decanter of a dark amber beverage and two glasses from it's depth. With an approving nod from Gantry, Darcy poured two drinks, handing one to his companion. He took a long, fortifying sip of the fiery liquid, and looked away with a deep sigh. "I have the beginnings of a theory - a fantastical tale better than anything in one of my sister's magazines. It leaves many more questions than it answers…yet it is an avenue I feel must be pursued." "Wonderful!" replied the small man with energy, "Fantastic theories are my favorite sort — simple answers are exceedingly common, and far too easy to solve. A man needs a challenge to arise once or twice in his lifetime. Do continue, Mr. Darcy." A deep sigh was silenced by a long sip of liquor. "Very well," he replied with steely resignation. "Like so many great stories, mine begins with a remarkable young woman. She may be familiar to you - Miss Adelaide Bernard - the actress." "I know of her from my perusal of the gossip rags. I take little interest in the theatrical arts, but it is important to stay informed of the goings on of the Ton and their little playthings." "Miss Bernard was first introduced to London some five or six years ago, and I made her acquaintance four years ago, though it has been close to two years since we last met. If you read the society section with frequency, you will be aware of how she was introduced to my circles - the new muse of the famed artist Benito Forelli, darling of the Royal family as he was, she inspired his first series of independent paintings in more than a decade, his series "The Many Moods of Venus". "Yes, I recall the series, the Duke of _ purchased several of the paintings for his Townhouse and the piece-de-resistance for his country seat. I never had an opportunity to view the gallery, but the reputation was that the series was decidedly provocative." "The Duke became an ardent admirer and patron of Signore Forelli, and his muse, Miss Adelaide Bernard, slowly rose in fame with the Duke's favor. She was still a girl then, fifteen, sixteen at most, and full young to be out in society as she was - but she was excessively quick witted, painstakingly educated by Forelli's hand, and mature past her years in many ways. As strikingly attractive and interesting a character as she was she became a popular guest in the more liberal drawing rooms of Town. I met her then, but dismissed her, knowing her as little but an art model and a grasping actress - hardly the sort I would consort with. Then came her turn as Ophelia in Hamlet and the rising of her star ascended into the Heavens - and I truly made her acquaintance. You know me largely through reputation as well, but you have already given credit to my being observant beyond the common way. Knowing this, I hope you will give my observations some degree of weight. Once properly introduced, I kept company with Miss Bernard for the duration of an entire Season. I was present for any soiree hosted in Signore Forelli's home, a weekly visitor when she was at-home to guests, and saw to it that I accepted any invitation I received which had also been accepted by her house-hold. It was, generally, the most social Season I had experienced since leaving University. I also walked with her frequently in Hyde park, sometimes more than twice in one week." "You were in love with her." Gantry observed, not unkindly. The Darcy Adelaide had known during that time would have taken offense at the blunt remark given from a hired hand, but the man of the present had spent much of the past two years tending to her reproofs. "Yes." He said simply and sincerely, "In truth, I am dedicated to her still." "A very romantic notion, sir, but I am failing to understand how it connects to our situation at Netherfield." "Tell me, what do you know of her history from the gossip columns?" Gantry frowned slightly, mulling over the question. Eyes searching past Darcy as he wandered the recesses of his mind to retrieve the memories, he began to recite saying, "Very little is known of Miss Bernard, prior to her entering London society with The Many Moods of Venus. She has been notoriously private as to her background, and a certain air of mystery looms around her. She is something of a tragic, romantic figure in the papers. The most common belief is that she is Forelli's natural daughter with an Englishwoman, and has been raised in the countryside until she came of age. This is often offered as the reason Signore Forelli never returned to his home country after completing his commission for the royal family, whenever that question is ventured. Another common assumption is that she must be his mistress." "At first, I believed her to be his mistress, despite the gentleman's rather advanced years. It seemed a strange notion that a father would paint his own daughter as the Goddess of Love, with all that it entailed." "Your observations laid that theory to rest as the acquaintance developed, I assume." "Indeed. There was a very warm affection between the pair which they made not attempts to conceal, but after a few weeks in Forelli's drawing room, it became apparent to me that there could be no possible liaison between them. The affection reminded me of one of my professors at Cambridge - on his side, warm, and doting, on hers, reverently respectful bursting to the brim with admiration for so great a man. Miss Bernard is the sort of young woman that any man can come to admire, but the little I learned of their history fixed the nature of their relationship very firmly in my mind." "And what exactly do you know of her history?" Gantry asked with increasing agitation. "I am a man that speaks little in company, unless compelled to do so. I am often uneasy to speak, and can not always find common ground for conversation with indifferent acquaintances. As enamored as I was with Miss Bernard, I often felt myself at a loss for words in her company. With a personality as vivacious as her own, and mind so quick witted - she spoke often, to fill my many silences. I also found myself constantly near her when in company, during times at which she hardly noticed my presence. My infatuation only intensified my observations of the lady and committed all her comments to memory. "A man in the throes of love for the very first time would naturally seek to learn as much of his beloved as possible." "Indeed. The facts that I gathered in that season of consistent companionship are as follows. One: Signore Forelli and Miss Bernard had only been acquainted when she came to London for the first time. Two: Miss Bernard had not lived in London all her life, and came from a rural background. Three: Miss Bernard had received a good deal of education from Forelli in the arts, languages, and the improvement of her mind through extensive reading, but had received no tutelage from him or by his purse in regards to the typical genteel feminine improvements or comportment. This means that while she had a rural upbringing, it was very unlikely she was the daughter of a farmer or a working man. A young woman able to conduct herself credibly in the Ton needed some sort of training in proper manners, and she acquired it prior to her knowing Forelli. If not genteel herself, she had been raised for genteel society. Four: Miss Bernard greatly yearned for female companionship and lamented her status for there were few women of similar years she could mingle with - other thespians and entertainers could materially damage her reputation, while young ladies of good families would have their own reputations sullied if they became too intimate with her. However, she had certainly experienced close female friendship prior to her arrival in Town. Lastly, and really this detail is the most important of them all…Miss Bernard lives in great fear of her true name being exposed to the public. Many would assume that this is because of the shame her family would feel as her status as an actress, living in the protection of a man unrelated to her, but to the acute observer, it was fear that went beyond that. It was an utter terror which could completely disconcert her in a way nothing else could. I learned that Adelaide Bernard was a moniker for the stage, but she has not revealed her identity to anyone that I know of…and her agitation when asked for it was consistently extreme." The men drank in silence as Gantry ruminated on the information Darcy had presented. Several long moments passed in contemplative quiet before the Bow Street Runner deigned to speak again. When he finally spoke, he simply asked, "You believe her to be connected to the Collins' family then? And that her connection correlates to the assault on Reverend Collins?" Darcy's lips pulled into a wry smile. "I told you it was fantastic theory, did I not?" "Indeed you did sir," The runner replied, "But I should like to hear it in it's particulars all the same." "And so you shall have it, as simply as I can convey it to you. Reverend Collins is the heir to his father's estate, Longbourn. However, Mr. Collins, his father, inherited via fee entail. Mrs. Collins, his wife, was the eldest daughter of the previous owner, and so the marriage was conducted as a way to provide for the Bennet orphans after his death. Mr. Collins is a cold, proud sort of man, with a great deal of self importance. He snapped at his son several times during their visit to Netherfield. There seems to be little love lost between the family members. All of them. Only a day prior to Reverend Collins' assault in Hertfordshire, Signore Forelli died in London. I believe the assault could be related to the death — that Mr. Collins was expecting a bequest from Forelli in his will, and when news came that all would go directly to Miss Bernard - either he blamed his son for this, or simply took out his frustration upon his person." "And why would Mr. Collins expect a bequest from Mr. Forelli?" Gantry prodded, leaning forward with anticipation at Darcy's answer. "If my supposition is correct, it is because Miss Bernard was once his charge, a former Miss Bennet of Longbourn. A family notorious in this area for having several daughters….all of whom have been sent away to 'school', save the Miss Bennet currently in residence." "Fascinating," the detective replied with vigor, "a tale truly worthy of the gossip rags. And how do you connect Miss Bernard with the Miss Bennets of Hertfordshire?" Darcy refilled both glasses, glad for the fire poured through his veins with each sip. "I am a man in love, Mr. Gantry. Miss Bernard's likeness is burned into my mind's eye — and I have seen that image reflected to me in the countenance of Mrs. Collins and her sister." It was then that Bingley returned. Darcy could not be sure just how much his friend had heard, but the wide-eyed stare that he sent Darcy over Gantry's head assured him that at the very least, he had heard Darcy's confession of love. "Well, Mr. Bingley," the Bow Street Runner said formally, "Now that you have returned, I shall see myself to bed as well. Do not tarry to head to sleep yourself, for it is of the upmost importance for us to call on Sir William as soon as a respectable hour is upon us." "Have you any need of an escort?" Bingley asked, all politeness. "No indeed, sir." Came the equally friendly reply, "Mrs. Nichols set me up nicely upon our arrival, while all others were engaged with the good doctor. I bid you gentlemen good evening." With the pleasantries exchanged between all parties, the pair of friends found themselves alone once again. Darcy could hardly credit which one of the pair had picked up his cue stick first, though now he found himself aimlessly knocking the balls across the slate top, hardly making a pocket. They played in companionable silence until Bingley finally felt compelled to speak. Darcy felt, rather than saw, Bingley's clear blue gaze from across the table. "How is it that you are my closest friend in all the world - and I never knew until this evening that you had fallen in love with a woman?" It was asked with a certain gentleness. The Derbyshire gentleman sighed heavily. "It is simple really - I have no hopes in that quarter at all, and so I thought if I never spoke of my feelings, they would dissipate with time. It has been far too painful for me to confide in anyone, especially a friend as well meaning as yourself." "Your family does not approve, I take it." Bingley said with kindness. Perhaps it was the liquid courage that ran through his blood, the exhaustion of the past several days at the sickbed of a dying man, or the torment of seeing her face constantly in society since making the acquaintance of the Collins family, but the normally stoic Darcy released a short bark of laughter. "The lady in question had some rather strong objections to the match herself." Bingley's hand froze as he raised his glass for another sip of Brandy. "I beg your pardon? Are you telling me that you, Fitzwilliam Darcy, Master of Pemberly, relation of nearly ever notable so-and-so in high society made an offer to Adelaide Bernard, an actress?" Darcy smiled at his friend's astonishment. "My cousin the Colonel recently referred to my proposal as hysterically romantic. An apt description, is it not?" The sip that Bingley had just taken found itself spewed from his lips across the Billard Room. "Your proposal!?" He spat, clearly incredulous. "Are you telling me that not only did you make an offer for an actress - but an honorable offer at that?" "Indeed." "You are one of the most eligible bachelors in the country, and you offered marriage to an actress…and she refused you? Good God man, surely you don't believe me as gullible as that!" "This is a very poor beginning." Darcy said calmly. "If you don't believe it possible of me - you, who know me better than most, how can you begrudge me for not confiding in you earlier?" "Forgive me, Darcy — surely you know that I do not bear you any ill will in keeping your own counsel, but you must allow me some degree of surprise. You are one of the most serious minded men I know. What is it that I've often said? That I would not be as fastidious as you for a Kingdom? The notion of your being in love with someone so decidedly removed from your own station…it is a shocking thought!" Darcy smiled tightly, and readied himself to reply, but Bingley had not quite finished his thoughts. "It is even more shocking to me that she could have possibly refused you, a most advantageous match! It is unheard of." "Yes!" Darcy spat with bitterness. "The material advantage of the match for her could not be denied - and I made sure to remind her of it, even as I claimed to admire her, to love her with ardent passion. As if she was not aware then, and at every waking moment, just where in society she should stood." Bingley winced sympathetically. "You made a bungle of it then?" "A bungle does not begin to describe it - it was an unparalleled disaster. I humiliated and insulted the woman I claimed to love. What a fool I was! At the time, I was very much of your mindset…that for her to refuse such a good match was preposterous, but I have had nearly two years of reflection to have me think the better of that notion. …I had been raised with good principles, but allowed, no, encouraged, to follow them with pride and conceit - to think well of myself, and my family, and meanly of the rest of the world." Resting his cue stick against the table, Bingley crossed the length of the room, and clapped Darcy on his shoulder, leading the pair toward a set of wing back chairs. "Come now, man." He said with warmth, "That is my friend you are speaking of so cruelly." Darcy did not smile and shook his head, allowing himself to be lead, but his dark eyes sparkled at Bingley with familial affection. When they were seated, and glasses refreshed, the younger turned toward the elder with a thoughtful expression. "Is it truly as hopeless as you say, then? Have you not just written to her to express your condolences at her loss?" Darcy's brow furrowed, mulling over his thoughts. "My affections and wishes remain unchanged…sometimes I wonder if I haven't made her something of a mythical creature in my mind…it has been so long since we were last in company." Bingley frowned. "To me, the longevity of your affection, after having been rejected and then separated for some duration…it shows me that your feelings were sincere, not a passing inclination or infatuation. I suppose you can only know for sure when you are in company together again. You are bound to cross paths with her one day, as she resides in London and rarely leaves Town. It is inevitable. I wonder at your having managed to avoid it for so long now." His friend's lips turned up in the mockery of a smile. "My own injured feelings kept me away at first - then the summer invitations I could not refuse, and my own presence needed at Pemberly for the harvest. When I came back to Town, I had largely recovered from my pique at being rejected, yet I still did not comprehend that a woman in her position would give up the security and status that I offered her. I did not call on her, but I kept up with the same people I knew she had favored in the previous season…only to discover that she had largely moved on to other groups of friends…or miraculously had always just left before my own arrival. I do not think she could bare my company after being so thoroughly insulted and actively avoided my company." "And now?" "And now she is a heiress in her own right - enough to keep her comfortable, especially if she continues to work on the stage. She is connected to no one, beholden to no father or husband, or even the typical dictates of society for a woman. She was never desperate to marry. She is free. And she would not put herself into the power of a man who claimed to love her while believing her so beneath him that he could insult her to her face, with pride and conviction. She is in no need of rescue - it was me all along who needed saving, bound as I am by the shackles of society." His head sank into his hands in an uncharacteristic display of despondency. Bingley took a long sip from his glass, his mind turning toward self reflection in light of Darcy's personal confession. To see such a strong character as Darcy's suffer in unrequited love only made him fear where his own future was headed. Bingley was self aware enough to know his own sensitive nature, and had experienced many small infatuations that caused him some degree or another of pain. If he truly fell in love with someone who would not…was unable to love him back…would he be able to recover? After an intermittent time had passed between them - he decided to speak, because there was one very important question that still needed answering. "Well Darcy," he said soberly, "I understand you now better than I did when I rose this morning…but there is still one point on which I am very confused. Why is it that you were discussing your feelings for Miss Bernard with a man who you had never seen before in your life — and just what are you implying when you said that you see her likeness in the face of my guests?" The Derbyshire gentleman rose, faithful crystal glass still in hand. "Will you follow me to the kitchen Bingley? For I have a tale for you that will require quite a bit more liquor to tell…and if we don't have a bite to eat the pair of us are going to pay for it in the morning." AUTHOR'S NOTES: This chapter contained the most dialogue of probably anything I've ever written. Please let me know if there were any issues in following who the speaker was. I tend to write a lot of introspective reflection for our characters, and I feel the sometimes when I write dialogue it becomes quite a bit of "Bingley said "...", and "..." Darcy replied, which gets very annoying when its a whole chapter. I tried to avoid doing too much of that while still being able to follow the flow of conversation. Casual reminder: The only characters who know the whole truths of the situations they are in are Mr. Collins and Elizabeth. Any theory Darcy may have is still that...a theory. :)
AUTHOR'S NOTES: I am truly humbled by the amount of feedback I received for the last chapter. I know I always express my gratitude for my readers and reviews in the begining of every chapter, but w o w. Humbled is the best word. I'm at a loss. I'm almost 29. I first read Jane Austen at 11. I wrote my first fanfiction that I posted on this site (under a different pen name) at 13. It was pretty bad, to say the least. Being an insecure thirteen year old, I had a hard time reconciling that I wasn't this mind blowing author I was in my head. The busy years of adolescence pulled me away from creative writing for a long time. It was only in my mind 20's that I found myself hit by a muse, and wanting to write again. Having such a fantastic response to this story truly makes me feel I have something to offer. I may never publish anything, but I am so grateful for this experience and the encouragement that I've been offered. Thank you. PS: This chapter contains references to sexual violence and abuse. No descriptive content of either. "Miss Bernard? Madam?" It was a gentle question which reached Elizabeth's ears, plaintive and coaxing. She knew that Parker, her lady's maid, and all the other staff who remained in her employ were becoming increasingly worried for their mistress. Intelligent and intuitive as she was, she could hear all the thoughts that Paulson would leave unspoken out of deference. Somewhere in the recesses of her mind, Lizzy appreciated her respect, but it only served to highlight the magnitude of her loss. She had no one left to chide her to eat, to scold her into resting, no shoulder she could cry on without thoroughly disrupting the social order of her household. Darling Forelli had been buried that morning. First a quick Anglican service, and then his body had been transferred to a Catholic church so the Italian could have a proper Papist's funeral. It had been a strange affair for Elizabeth, who had never before attended a Catholic mass, and only had a smattering of Latin. Forelli had been far from devote in his faith, in fact he was rather more irreverent than not, but Lizzy knew how much pride the old man had taken in his Italian heritage - and his Catholic faith was intrinsically tied to that lineage. So a Catholic funeral had commenced. As if in mockery of her own weary spirits, the sun had chosen this day, of all days, to finally emerge, burning away the clouds that had kept all of southern England captured in gloom. Though she was no relation of his, she was his heir apparent, and had donned a costume of full black to show the world how fully she would mourn this wonderful man. There had been few women in attendance at the service, but Lady Matlock had dared the approbation of Forelli's more conservative admirers to support her favorite pet. Elizabeth knew she was grateful for it, grateful to all who had paid their respects to the kind and brilliant man who had taken her in and given her the opportunity to thrive. In truth the day had passed in such a sun hazed blur that she hardly had a moment to register that gratitude before she was alone again. Paulson, raised in the country herself, had almost as hearty a constitution for walking as Elizabeth. The early morning hours had been spent trudging the muddied grounds of Hyde Park, with the lady's maid and most stout footman in tow. They had travelled at a brisk pace, toes cold from mud and shoulders warm from the powerful autumn sun. She had been hoping - indeed, they had all been hoping - that such vigorous exertion would lead to a restful afternoon after the services in the fashionable hour of the day. She had not managed much sleep in the nights since Forelli's quiet passing. Elizabeth was consumed by a grief that allowed for no outlet, friendless and alone as she was in her mask of Adelaide Bernard. So she carried her pain close to her breast, letting bitterness numb her vivacious character. "Miss Bernard?" Came the gentle inquiry once lay in the darkness of her bed chamber, her favorite old muslin day dress dark as her mood. She knew that she could not go on ignoring her most devoted servant forever, no matter how much she desired solitude. "Yes?" She asked with a worrisome weariness. Paulson entered, her sweet round faced marred with lines of anxiety. "I hate to disturb you, madam, but there is caller that demands an audience with you immediately." The mistress's head snapped from her satin pillow with a sharp annoyance. "Have you lost leave of your senses? I am in mourning Paulson. I am certainly not at home to any callers." The maid flinched at the tone of her mistress, but did not back down from the task at hand. "I apologize Madam. He was refused at the door, but began to cause such a scene on the street that we felt he must be admitted entrance if only to quiet him. Mr. Jeffries brought him to the drawing room and interviewed him. The gentleman insisted that he is a relation of yours and that you would be glad to see him, if only we would present his card." A dizzying wave of fear rushed through Elizabeth, and blood rushed to her ears. A relation —- a relation? How could this be? Who could it be? How could she possibly have been discovered? Darcy was in Hertfordshire, he stayed in Netherfield, and so must have some contact with her family, but could he have possibly discerned so much? Was everything she had ever feared coming to fruition, and on this day of all the days of her sad little life? No, no, it was too soon, she had not yet reached her majority, and she was only a few short months away! She could not be revealed today of all days! Everything she had worked to gain would be taken from her, those she loved would be in danger again, and any attempt to protect them would be thwarted. It could not come to this after all of these years! Not today of all days… no, no, no….it could not be…it was impossible…this must be the trick of a cad intent on claiming some of Forelli's estate for himself… She attempted to rise from the bed, but her legs crumpled beneath her and she gasped, falling to the plush carpet at her feet. Paulson was instantly beside her, lifting her mistress into a sitting position and tutting at her with gentle soothing words. Elizabeth could hear her familiar voice, soothing and gentle, but the words were lost behind the cacophony of panicked thoughts in her mind. Suddenly a small crystal decanter was being pressed into her hand, and her own lavender perfume intoxicated her senses. The scent roused her somewhat, and her startling eyes peered into Paulson's doe brown with an intensity that discomposed her more than any fainting spell from her mistress could. "I am dreadfully sorry, Miss Bernard. I should have never importuned you. Is there anything I can fetch for you for your present relief? A glass of wine? A cup of tea? Truly, I did not mean to upset you. We will cast the gentleman out immediately!" Elizabeth dismissed Paulson's worries with a wave of her slender hand. "Parker - the gentleman? You saw him?" She asked with powerful gravitas. Paulson frowned. "Indeed Madam." "Describe him to me." With skilled hands, she removed the decanter from the hands of her mistress, and placed it on the bed side table. "Well Madam, he certainly looked the gentleman. Well dressed, but not garishly so. He wears a black arm band, which I can only assume is for Signore Forelli. He is middle aged, and tall, with dark, thinning hair." Her heart pounded in her chest. No. It could not be him. He could not have found her, not today of all days. Allowing Paulson to help her stand, Elizabeth grasped onto her arm with unusual fervor. "Paulson, this is very important to me. Did you have a good luck at the gentleman's face?" "Certainly Madam, for a I stood only a few feet away as he explained himself to Mr. Jeffries. He claims to be an Uncle to you, Miss Bernard." Her heart beat louder still. An Uncle? Could it possibly be that one of her relations had truly found her? An imposter attempting to importune a single woman living alone? Or her true fear…a cruel trick by her guardian in order to bring her downstairs and into harm's way. Tall…middle aged…dark hair… She squeezed her eyes shut tight, shaking her head to clear the cobwebs of her near faint. The vision of Collins from her nightmare some weeks prior loomed before her mind's eye, sneering at her. "You ran because you are a coward. You return because you are a fool." Then Jane's voice followed, frightened and pleading. "Lizzy, please! I need you Lizzy!" With a steadying breath, she opened them again. "My courage rises with every attempt to intimidate me." She repeated the mantra in her mind, willing it to be true. "I am not a child any longer. I must be brave - brave for Papa, for Jane, for all my sisters. For Forelli." Looking to her faithful companion, she asked with the same grave, voice. " I can not stress the importance of this question enough. Was there anything remarkable about his face, Paulson? His eyes in particular?" "Why no, Miss Bernard. He was rather average looking, though perhaps he was more handsome in his youth. His eyes were light…I was not close enough to make out the particular shade, though I think they were rather more green than blue." The wash of relief which Elizabeth experienced with Paulson's intelligence was something she had never experienced before. A nervous laugh bubbled up her throat and hands raised to her wild curls, irretrievably mussed from lying abed. "Thank you, Paulson," She said, her voice unnaturally light. "Will you give me the card please?" Paulson met her mistress's eyes with a skeptical look. "Are you sure that you want it at this moment, Madam? You do not seem yourself - we can tell the gentleman to call again tomorrow when you are more composed. It was very poor form for me to ask it of you on this day." Past the initial shock and fear, Elizabeth's curiosity and anxiety could no longer wait another moment to be sated. "Paulson. Hand it over at once." She snapped. The sweet faced woman gave a heavy frown, but did as asked, extending the card to her mistress without another word. It was a fine quality card stock with a neatly embossed name and address. It read: Mr. Edward Gardiner Gardiner & Grange Import Exports _ Cheapside, London Tall. Middle Aged. Dark, thinning, hair. Light eyes. "Paulson, put me to rights as best as you can. And please ring to let the footman know that I will see Mr. Gardiner shortly." "Very good Ma'm." Paulson replied primly. Elizabeth's mind was in such confusion, her spirits so agitated, that she hardly noticed her maid's deft work of primping her mistress into a fresh and respectable mourning costume. Before she could fully comprehend it, she was standing in the hall outside her drawing her, trembling with powerful emotion. She could not be sure that it was safe or wise to see her Uncle Gardiner after so long, but to ignore him in her own home was impossible. She had spent so much of her time in London longing for her family, for the life left behind in Hertfordshire before tragedy had stricken the Bennet clan, and now family had found her. She had wanted to wait for her majority before she made any moves against her guardian and to reconnect with any of them…for her own safety as well as their own. Fate had other plans. Could she deny the hand of Providence at work? The door was opened and she was being announced. Her feet were rooted in the doorway. There stood her Uncle Gardiner, almost exactly as she remembered him. Six long years! He was staring at her, mouth slightly agape, and did not bow, his shock and agitation were evident. A rustle in the hall revived her from her stupor. Her footman shifted uncomfortably next to the door. "You may leave us, thank you." She said shakily. She moved from the door frame stepping into the room, and the servant bowed and left them quite alone. She closed the door behind him. "Can this be?" Uncle Gardiner whispered hoarsely. "Does a ghost appear before me?" And as simply as that, all of Elizabeth's resolve crumbled. Even her skills on the stage could not repress the onslaught of emotions that threatened to overwhelm her. The long anticipated tears rose to her eyes with all the ferocity of a river bursting through a dam. Heaving sobs racked her lithe frame. Her uncle stepped toward her, pressing a handkerchief into her hand, and lead her toward the sofa. She could not be sure how long they sat like that, her sobbing and him gently patting her back and murmuring soft words of assurances. All she knew is that when she finally stopped long enough to meet his soft green eyes once more, he looked at her kindly and softly said. "I received an alarming letter two days ago, from the attorney of an old business associate. Should you like to read it?" Elizabeth nodded vigorously, the knowledge dawning on her how such a meeting must have come to be before she even opened it. It Read: My Dear Sir, If you are in receipt of this letter, I am sorry to inform you that I have left my mortal coil for the fields of Elysian. I am afraid that after you read this missive, you will have more questions than answers, and I will be no help to you in this regard. This is my deathbed confession, and as I promised to keep this secret to my grave, it could only be revealed to you after I have died. You may recall that in the years of _ through _, we did a good deal of business together in the purchase of fabrics, specifically fine silks and satins. I was very busy during this time working on my final (and dare I say my finest) series of paintings - The Many Moods of Venus. Prior to our business together during that time, I had made one small purchase from you for a private commission, and made the acquaintance of your young niece, one Miss Elizabeth Bennet, whom I was most desirous to sketch for a study, as she had remarkably fine and expressive eyes. My confession is this - that some months after our initial acquaintance, your niece, Miss Elizabeth, appeared on my door step in quite a bedraggled state, and asked, no, demanded, to model for me. I accepted her as my model, and she has lived with me, unmarried, since that time. In the event of my death, she has been named my sole heir, everything I rightly possess shall pass to her.. I am sure that reading this outrages you, and you have many questions. I shall answer any in my power, but there are many answers that belong to Elizabeth alone. When she arrived in _, she denied me her true name, and gave one of Adelaide Bernard, insistent that I must have misremembered her. I knew that I had not, but could not understand her reason for secrecy. Aside from paying her for modeling, I also fed her and offered her a place to spend the night, knowing the streets of London are no place for a young girl. Finally, she offered me some sort of vague story, telling me that she was ruined, and that to work for me was her last resort before she began to look for work as scullery maid, young and unskilled as she was. I am a soft-hearted man, Mr. Gardiner. I could not deny her. And I was very desirous to paint her - she had become something of a muse for me since we parted and this was an opportunity to truly challenge my artistic expression in capturing the essence of so fiery and formidable an English rose. I initially had meant to paint her over the course of a few days, seek out her family, and return her to them with my promise of secrecy in the matter. I even thought of a few candidates in my acquaintance who could have been prevailed upon to marry her should her family require so permanent a solution as that. I did not anticipate that my Adelaide would so quickly wrap me around her finger. She was guileless in many ways, yet deeply secretive, even haunted. She did not trust me, nor any of my staff, yet put herself into my power knowing she was a lamb that may well be headed to slaughter. As regal as any queen, as bright eyed as a babe. How could a gentleman's daughter, some country nobody, a child, be so haunted, so mysterious and wise? Perhaps, I thought, she truly was ruined…ruined by an authority figure in her life. Living alone for many years, and suddenly finding myself as something of a parent and companion to a lonely, frightened, tenacious young woman was fascinating for me, and my art flourished with her in the house. I grew increasingly fond of her, to the point of finding myself hiring masters to better educate her, and quite forgetting any plan to return her to the family that she had run away from. I allowed her to believe that I had completely forgotten the name Elizabeth Bennet for many years. I wanted to forget that she was anything other than my own dear child. The rest perhaps you may know from the papers, of the great success of my series, and of the model, Miss Bernard, being launched into society and onto the stage of Covent Garden. She had made a name for herself in her own right, her own money as well, though actress's are paid a pittance. That is my great sin - out of selfishness, I kept a child from her own family, and her family from any knowledge of her. I looked at her as gift for my own life, without allowing myself to think who may be hurting, wondering whatever became of her…and without helping or aiding her to heal. I was an old man, and a darling girl arrived on my door step at the loneliest stage of my life and made me want to live again. I beg that you would forgive it of me. What even she is unaware of, is that while I hid any knowledge of the family she left behind from her, I spent a great deal of time, energy, and funds into knowing everything I could about them for own sake. A few pieces of coin pressed in the correct directions yields all sorts of results. At first I thought to find the Uncle she had run from to be the worst sort of scoundrel, so I continued to do business with you to learn what I could personally, as well as investigating you thoroughly…every piece of information I gleaned of you only lead me closer and closer to the revelation that you are a very good sort of man - precisely the trustworthy and steady sort to whom I could leave as trustee to Elizabeth's small fortune should the event of my demise occur before she reached her majority. My attorney will go over all the details of the trust with you, and the many ways I have endeavored to protect Elizabeth's inheritance from the maddening crowd - but that is not why I write, this letter. If her uncle in London is a good, respectable, family man, than who was it that our Elizabeth had run from? And why had she run? Why could she not go to that very uncle for protection? It was very easy to learn of you and your family once the channels of inquiry had been opened. I quickly learned that you originally hailed from Hertfordshire, that your sisters both remained in that area of the country, having married locally. One had become a Bennet. Elizabeth's own family. It was then I learned that both mother and father had died within eighteen months of one another, the mother in childbirth, and the father…most unexpectedly. Perhaps, even, suspiciously. Where did the Bennet children go after the parents died and the heir took control of Longbourn? Why the eldest married the heir, the next eldest stayed to live with her, and the youngest of them sent away to school. It became a quick conclusion that Elizabeth must have either run from her estate, and therefore the heir and her sister, or run from school. However the assessments of her tudors told me that while she was certainly bright and curious, she had not received much of a formal education. School seemed unlikely with this knowledge. So with the passage of time, coinage, and many more letters…I began to learn a bit of history of the heir of Longbourn estate. William Collins is his name, and he would have been close to fifty at the time my charge ran from his guardianship. There are records of him scattered through out the country. His father was an attorney, died when he was a very young boy and left the mother (formerly a Bennet) in some degree of financial distress. He is lost from any records that I could obtain from the age of seven until he is one-and-twenty, and marries a tenant farmer's daughter in _ county. He works as a foreman in a mill, and is reported to generally be the worst sort of boss one can have - a brutal task master that relishes in his role, constantly incapacitated with drink, and something of a harasser of women. The couple remain childless until her death some six years later. He is remarried in the same year, and there are records of the birth of a son some seven months later. Records drop for some years until the son is sent away to Eton, later than usual, and only in attendance due to the father receiving some small inheritance from the death of his maternal grandfather. He continues in the mill until it burns down in _, and then lives a life of squalor, working as a field hand in the summer months and spending much of the winter largely unemployed, but by all accounts, frequently drunk. At some point the wife must have either left him, or died, I can not be certain for there is no record of her death that I have discovered. I pray that when he came into his inheritance his wife was indeed dead, for he certainly felt himself at liberty to marry your niece, miss Jane Bennet, only sixteen years old and reportedly a local beauty. From all discernible accounts, the marriage was a very rushed, patched up affair while the Bennet girls had only just entered half-mourning. There was some confusion when the banns were read, as it had been widely reported that Miss Jane Bennet had been affianced to William Collins son, William Collins II, who was by this time studying in order to receive his ordination. I am not a fool. I know a fee entail is incredibly difficult and costly to challenge, and reports of man's drunken and licentious behavior can not disinherit him from an estate that lawfully belongs to him. However I can not help but wonder why a man such as yourself, with so many credible character references, would place the daughters of his sister into the power of a man so wholly opposite to himself? Surely you could not have gone through the pains that I have taken to uncover just what sort of person William Collins is and still allowed the marriage to take place in good conscience. As I have stated previously, I am sure that this letter will give you rather more questions of the past several years than it has answers - and in truth, I have many questions I would yet ask of you, man to man, were it still in my power to do so. Alas, it is not, so I will pass from this world never knowing the full story of why Elizabeth Bennet, my little dove, God's greatest treasure to me, arrived on my door step and named herself Adelaide Bernard. In the last few weeks, I have managed to finally convince Elizabeth (Lizzy as she prefers her family to call her) to reveal to me her true identity. I claimed to need it for legal purposes, and while true, did not need to press her for it as I have always known her real name. In truth, I was merely pressing her to confide in someone, in anyone who she can love and trust. She carries the burden of what has happened to her every day. She has never told me, or I believe anyone, what occurred to drive her from her home and to fear discovery. When I am gone, the world will only known this remarkable young woman by an invented name and a make believe life. I need to know that there are still some out there that love Elizabeth Bennet, that will comfort and protect Elizabeth Bennet, and not just the glamor of Adelaide Bernard. So today I write to you, revealing all that I know of the matter, and hoping that I am not greatly mistaken in confiding the story to you. If Elizabeth has any misgivings about the trust, she need only speak to my attorney, who's direction she has, and he will reveal all the protections that have gone into place to make sure that no man may touch it. Elizabeth is a free, independent woman, and I pray will have reached her majority by the time of my leaving this earth so that she is truly released in all ways. She will be beholden to no man in her future. It is my deepest hope that in reuniting her with her family, she may finally gain peace from the trauma of the past and move toward the future with serenity. I pray that you and your family can give this to her. Yours in Death - Benito Forelli Shaking, Elizabeth laid the letter on the sofa beside her, her eyes staring ahead blankly. Gardiner watched her with caution, afraid to speak first, as if she and the letter would disappear before his very eyes, an elaborate construct of his mind had created from the years of guilt and distress. "It is very difficult to fathom." She finally whispered, fat tears rolling down porcelain cheeks, "So very difficult to fathom all of this." "God bless the man!" Gardiner cried, picking up the letter and folding it into the pocket of his waist coat. "He has succeeded where I have so spectacularly failed, and I will thank him for it every day." Elizabeth could not look at him, and seeing her even more shaken than himself, the middle aged man rose from the sofa and kneeled on the carpet before her, grasping her hands. "Lizzy." He said, his deep voice catching on emotion. "Lizzy, I thought you dead." She stood sharply, still trembling, and pulled her hands from his as if he had burnt her. "I DID die." She spat with vehemence. "I can never be the girl I was again! I am dead! Dead." Her uncle remained prostrate before her, ready to supplicant himself on his knees for her forgiveness. "I failed you - each and everyone of you, but I failed you most egregiously of all. I did not stop searching for you for nearly three years, until your sister Mary finally begged me to stop when she stayed with us." Her feet were suddenly restless, the emotion of the day fueling her. She pulled away and paced, angrily. "No, no, it is not me you failed. Why can you not see that? Not me, but Jane! Jane the dearest, sweetest, girl that ever lived and breathed." He stood, confused at her notion. "I know that Jane's marriage is not ideal. She is a dear girl and she certainly deserved better for a husband, but we could not have known that at the time. It was a most prudential match." The pacing continued, increasing in rapidity. She set her powerful eyes toward him with a look that spoke of insurmountable pain and grief. "Tell me, Uncle, are you in the business of human imports as well? You speak the way a slaver might!" She could not have shocked him anymore if she had slapped him. "I beg your pardon?" He sputtered, red in the face. "You say you fail me, but at least I have had the chance to make my own way in the world. You read Signore Forelli's letter…how did he put it? That with my inheritance I shall never be beholden to any man? I am free!" "Free and no longer fit for polite society! You ran away from your home, you a gentle born lady, out on the streets of London for who knows how long, exposed to any kind of manner of people of ill repute. Living with an artist for all your formative years, no companion or marriage to grant you respectability! Making your own way by posing for salacious paintings and selling yourself on a stage! Elizabeth, what life is this!?" " What other path could I possibly have taken? It is the life I could make for myself! I was just shy of five and ten when I left Longbourn. No education, no money, and a family that thought me and my sisters perfectly provided for by possibly the worst man in the Kingdom. I could have sold my body in other ways and made my money much quicker. You are right. I was exposed to all sorts of people of ill repute when I travelled through London. I was so very blessed that Signore Forelli took me in — and no matter how salacious his art, he never attempted to importune me! He treated me as a daughter. I am free, and Jane, a slave to a man with no soul." Gardiner stood before her, thoroughly stunned. His hands hung limply by his sides, attempting to reconcile the passionate young woman before him with the impish girl he had despaired of ever seeing again. Elizabeth moved toward the window, heavily dressed in black. She leaned her head against the cool glass, attempting to still the wild beating of her heart. "Surely you must realize I would have chosen another way if I could have? I did not rejoice in leaving my sisters alone in the power of that monster." "They are not alone." Gardiner said, his voice softening in the face of her distress, "They have their Aunt and Uncle Phillips in Meryton…they have myself and your Aunt Gardiner in London…most importantly, they have one another. …Lizzy, you are the one who is all alone, and with your loss, it is more true now than ever." She laughed then, a mocking cackle, coarse and sharp. "Oh I find I can bear the solitude very well. And I will not be alone forever. When I reach my majority, I will petition for the guardianship of my sisters, and an annulment of Jane's marriage, if that is her wish. Which I ardently believe it will be." Lizzy could see her uncle's slack jawed expression in the glass. She turned toward him, feeling more composed now than she had all day. "I know I am not a very respectable creature, unmarried and earning a living for myself in the public eye. It will be very difficult to win. However, my position in life has had me mingle with a great deal of society…and I will use every single one of my charms to gain the public's sympathy. I suspect that it will be much talked of, and probably closely followed in the papers. If you wish to distance yourself from the Bennet family for your own respectability, I will not be offended." Now it was her uncle who paced, running his hands through his thinning hair. "You may well be able to gain your sisters to your house hold without the public inquiry. Collins has no love for them, and even less for the strain they place on his pocket book. He would especially be glad to be rid of Mary. He will push her into service if she is not married by her majority, and she seems to have no inclination to seek the married state." Here Elizabeth laughed once more, with feeling. "How can she when she has had such poor examples? Our parents so wholly unsuited to one another as to make them constantly miserable…and Jane's marriage…if Collins has not changed since I resided with them, then it is very bad indeed. I know of no man worse than Jane's husband, and I have tarried in the sordid streets of our capital." Gardiner paled. "I know he is an unpleasant, taciturn, miserly sort of man, and certainly far too old to have any real affection for Jane, but surely he can not be quite the villain you describe." "And when have you ever seen him in an unguarded moment Uncle? I lived with him, and it was only his fear that my devious little tongue would begin to bad mouth him in the village that spared Jane any mercy at all. And very little mercy it was. He is the worst sort of brute imaginable. You are a man in the world, you can not be ignorant to how some men treat their wives. In his eyes, and supported by the law, Jane is his property to do with as he wished. I may have retained my maidenhead, but I lost my innocence the first time I heard Jane's screams." "Jane was young, a virgin, and he cold and unfeeling. It is a task unpleasant for many young women. In many marriages, it improves with time and patience." "Marquis de Sade was imprisoned for his proclivities. Because William Collins does not publish his for the world to see, his are dismissed. I tell you, he is the worst sort of husband any woman could have." Gardiner's feet froze in place. He turned toward her. "I hope you have not read Justine, Elizabeth." "Not thoroughly, Uncle." She answered. "I am aware of it's contents, and of the realities of what some women must endure in their marriage bed, with no recourse in the court of law." "I can never forgive myself for what I have done to you all." Gardiner said darkly, slipping back to his seat on the sofa. Seeing the defeat written across his countenance, Lizzy softened. She approached him, and took the seat next to him with a heavy sigh. "Even if you had the allowance of time to make all the inquiries Forelli has done, you could have never been prepared for just how bad a man my sister's husband is. Forelli could not have known, he only inferred that he must have done something to push me out of my own home…to frighten me so very badly. I do not believe he had a true inkling as to the depth of the depravity of his character." When he still could not meet her eye, Lizzy slipped her hand into his. Softly she said, "Marrying Jane to that monster was badly done, Uncle, badly done indeed. You should have reviewed the marriage contract more closely before signing her away. You should have broken the engagement with the first Banns and allowed him to sue for a breach of contract. But first and foremost, my Father should have provided for his daughters, so that our situation was not so desperate, our respectability so tenuous. You did the best with what you could in an awful situation, and I have long since forgiven you for it. I am only so discomposed due to the surprise of seeing you here today, after all these years…and on this day, of all days." "Oh Lizzy." Now Uncle Gardiner choked back a sob. "I truly thought you dead, and I never understood what could have possessed you to go. You who were so insistent to leave my household in order to stay with your married sister, because you missed her so." "I am alive, Uncle, I am here before you and I promise you that I have been well. Tell me, please, of all the news of my sisters, I beg of you…has Jane had any children?" "None, they say she is barren. Mary lives with them, and Jane has quite devoted herself to educating and caring for her…and she has gotten past the most trying years and grown into a charming young woman, though she can be more severe than most of her sex. Kitty and Lydia spend all year in school, and it has been to their benefit. It is not a very fine school, but it is a respectable establishment for a gentleman's daughter, and they are learning all the usual accomplishments. Kitty begins to chafe at remaining in the schoolhouse when she is seventeen and could be out in society, and Lydia follows her sister in resentment. Mr. Collins insists that he will only have one Bennet daughter out in society at a time however. We will have them with us over the winter holiday, here in London, and Mrs. Gardiner plans to give them a few social outings to stem the tide of malice." With the last piece of information, Elizabeth's eyes sparkled. "My sisters will be in London for Christmas?" She asked eagerly. "Indeed they will be," came Gardiner's cautious reply. "We have hosted them every year since you went away." Elizabeth sank into the cushions of the sofa. "How strange to think they have been so close to me, and both of us unknown to one another. I long to see them. I should hardly recognize Kitty or Lydia. They were little girls when I left Longbourn, and now young women!" "We can not call on you here, Elizabeth." Came her uncle's stern reply. "This is the home of an actress. They are gentlemen's daughters. It is not a respectable establishment to take young girls." "Yes, I know." She answered tersely. "I would not presume to bring them here yet, in any case. I am in mourning for my dear Padre. I will still be in full-mourning during the Christmas holiday. I will enter half-mourning with the new year in order to put on a limited production of Romeo and Juliet during the month of January, and then I will stay in the country side until the full year is up. However, with May comes my majority, and I will file my petition. Perhaps next Christmas, all the Bennet sisters will be together once again." "You will need to hire a companion, and to establish that you have an income which can support three dependents. You will need a litany of character references from very well connected people." "Four dependents, Uncle. Jane will remove from Longbourn with us, I am sure." "You have no legal recourse to separate Jane from her husband, and I am sure that her husband will not allow it. You must give up this impossible dream and think logically if you are to take this step, Elizabeth." Elizabeth squeezed her Uncle's hands with warmth. "I may not be able to seek legal readdress, but I will see her out of that house Uncle. What I can not do within the law, I mean to do outside of it. Leaving Jane behind again is not an option." He looked her over with that same expression of defeat. "I fear what you will be willing to do, Elizabeth. But I will not stand in your way. I will support you where I can. I owe that to you, to all of you girls." "Uncle," she said gently, meeting his gaze. "I made a promise the day I escaped Longbourn that I would rescue all my sisters, and place them into my protection. There is nothing that I would not do to see that promise through. Absolutely nothing." "I believe you, Elizabeth." He replied, "And that is what frightens me." Lizzy stood with a small smile, and pulled the bell, requesting tea service for herself and her guest. The pair filled the air with busy nothings, discussing so much of what had happened in the past six years outside of their own familial troubles. After the better part of the afternoon had slipped away, Gardiner finally decided it was time to return to his home. There was just one thing left to ask. "Elizabeth," he said quietly, hat in his hand, "Will you tell me what happened that day? Why you could not seek out your family if Longbourn had become so unbearable to you?" Lizzy kissed his cheek with warm affection. "I promise you, I will tell you the whole unfettered story. I just can not bring myself to speak of it as easily as you desire…I have never spoken it aloud before. Please, give me some time. I will send you my card when I am ready to reveal all. And before then…Uncle remember, you can not tell anyone of the events of this day. Lizzy Bennet must stay in the shadows for just a bit longer." "I swear, I will speak to no one of this." He replied gravely. "Not even my Aunt?" She prodded, as his carriage arrived on the drive. "Not even your Aunt." He answered solemnly. As the carriage pulled away, Elizabeth felt a sense of peace and fulfillment that she could not recall having ever before experienced. The late afternoon sat high in the sky, and soon would begin to drift into November twilight. This time next year she would be preparing her house to receive all her sisters in London for the winter holiday. It had been a trying thing, to bury the man who had cared for her, nurtured her, given her a chance when she lost in the world…rescued her from the streets of London…but in burying him, Elizabeth Bennet knew that she had begun to truly become free. She was beholden to no man. Soon, her sisters would have that same liberation. AUTHOR'S NOTES: 1.) Catholic Funerals. Based on some research, I've seen the catholic services were allowed to be practiced again in Regency England. Being Italian, it would be most natural for Forelli to be a Catholic. Marriages had to first have an Angelican service to legitimize them legally in the country, but Catholic couples could then have a full mass and service following their legal marriage. I could not find anything about Catholic funerals specifically but imagined it would most likely be a similar set up. There is heated debate about whether women were "allowed" at funerals in this era. It certainly wasn't illegal, however it was likely the men in your life may forbid it, or that you would presume yourself too delicate to attend one as a woman. Lady Matlock attends to support Adelaide, who has no man to stop her. Lady Matlock is high enough in society that she doesn't really care what more conservative people think of her choice. She is also a patron of the arts in my story, so more socially liberal than usual. 2.)Marquis de Sade was a real person, and a quick wikipedia read will explain why Gardiner was not thrilled to hear his gently born (though decidedly fallen) niece reference him. He was in prison several times. The term sadism comes from him. 3.) Petition for Guardianship - the idea of single woman receiving custody of family members in this era is fairly laughable. Elizabeth is counting on her friends, reputation, and using the court of public opinion in the newspaper stories to sway readers to her side so that Collins will give the Bennet girls up to her to avoid further public humiliation. Several nuggets of important information for resolving this story and the mystery of Mr. Collins and Elizabeth were dropped in this chapter. Let me know if you think you found them.:) Once again, thanks so much for reading. I am eager for your feedback!
Author's Notes: Another new month, another new chapter! I know how painful it can be waiting for updates on stories you really like, so I'm sorry I can't pump chapters out faster, but I'm perosnally feeling pretty darn good about my current pace. I originally said this story would be 15-20 chapters in length. I'm thinking now it will have to closer to 25-30 to wrap everything up and give these characters the HEA I promised them. This chapter has the most descriptive sexual content written so far. I still believe it would warrant a T rating, but if you take issue, please let me know. There are so many people reading this story and leaving me great historical facts and tidbits to incorporate into my tale. Thank yous of course to all readers and reviewers, but I especially wanted to shout out this comment from the last chapter ilex-xerox Custody by an unmarried woman isn't, perhaps, quite as laughable as you think. The Duke of Wellington's nephew William Pole Tynley Long Wellesley (still known in the family as Wicked William) had run through as much as he could of his wife's VAST fortune and led an incredibly dissolute life. His wife, before her death, applied to have their children made wards in chancery and on her death placed her children under the care of her two unmarried sisters, the Misses Long. Wicked William fought tooth and nail to control the children (he wanted their inheritance) but 'on 1 Feb. 1827, Lord Chancellor Eldon pronounced judgment: although Long Wellesley had been 'unnecessarily traduced before the public' and 'much more than was true had been said of him', he stood condemned by the failure of his family to testify in his favour; by his 'most shameful' adultery with Mrs. Bligh, a common whore, which had been carried on even while his suit was in progress, and by 'exceedingly strong evidence' that he had in the past been guilty of 'most grossly improper conduct' towards his children, including coaching them in the art of blasphemous and obscene swearing. He was therefore deemed unfit to have custody of them, and the appointment of suitable guardians was referred to the master.' [History of Parliament online] In the end, formal guardianship was awarded to the Duchess of Wellington and William Courteney - although the children seem to have lived with the Misses Long. William accused the poor ladies of all manner of obscenities and even abducted his daughter from their house (she was rescued from France and he was briefly imprisoned).The History of Parliament Online describes Long Wellesley as 'surely one of the most odious men ever to sit in Parliament'. He finally got his come-uppance in 1857 when he died suddenly 'eating an egg'! Although this occured later than the period of P&P the law was not significantly different so there may be a chance for Lizzy - though her profession would count against her. Thank you for telling me about this! this definitely gives me some research and inspiration for Lizzy's legal battle! A half day's ride from London lay the quiet country village of Meryton. It had been besieged by a spell of unusually violent weather that had kept the majority of the town's residents safely indoors for the better part of the week. Even the wealthiest families of the area, with their fine carriages and steady mounts, had been hard pressed to venture out into the deluge. A few short miles past the borders of Meryton, lay the estate of Netherfield, where a fashionable set of the nuve rich resided, trying their hand at the country living of the gently born class. The master of the estate, one Charles Bingley, had been as eager to see the sun as any of the inhabitants of the village, until he had realized what the reemergence of the sun would herald. He had spent the better part of the morning calling hours in the company of Mr. Gantry, a small, hawkish Londoner, introducing him to the magistrate and several of the prominent neighboring families of the community. As a young man with all the aspects of good breeding in combination with a genuinely affable character, he found himself a hearty welcome wherever he called; after a week with hardly any society for the Hertfordshire gentry, these welcomes were even more effusive than they may have otherwise been. At first, Bingley had been as eager for fresh company as any of the families the pair had visited, but as the day dragged on he found himself increasingly restless to return to Netherfield, and those who resided within it's drafty, elegant, halls. Charles had a sunny disposition, one that was hard pressed into irritation, and inclined to dispatch such negativity as quickly as he could manage. Now he sat upon his mount, his teeth grinding in annoyance as Mr. Gantry continued an excessive set of compliments to Mrs. Long and her nieces. It was the last family that Gantry had deemed necessary of a visit before returning to Netherfield and Bingley was eager to be off. As agreeable as country living could be - the escape from the soot of London was certainly pleasing - he had spent the majority of his time in a restless sort of discomposure than he would not care to admit to anyone, especially himself. As Gantry simpered and smirked, thoroughly charming the old gossip and her pleasant young charges, Charles tried to tell himself that concern for Reverend Collins was calling him home…but he knew that it was concern for another in his household that called to him. Mrs. Collins had not been at breakfast that morning. Accustomed as he was to Town hours, Charles was typically one of the last of the party to break his fast, but he had been the first to arrive that morning, knowing Mr. Gantry needed him to make introductions to his neighbors to begin his investigations. He had watched his friend, followed by Mr. Gantry, eager to be off, then his sisters and brother, Dr. Barringer, a wan Miss Bennet with a well worn Bible in her hands, all in their own time, but the lovely Mrs. Collins had never crossed the threshold. He had pushed the food around on his plate, making conversation with unusual energy as his eyes had drifted from the doorway to the clock with increasing frequency. It was Mr. Gantry who had finally suggested it was time to be off - and Bingley had agreed, trying to ignore the begrudging feeling in his breast. With a proper hosts' decorum he had instructed his servants to fix Mrs. Collins a hearty plate, noting all the foods she had favored in the past few days. If knowing her preferences was unusually attentive for a common and indifferent acquaintance, no one felt compelled to comment upon it. The sharp click of a pocket watch returned his thoughts to the present. Gantry was stuffing the article in his waist coat, smiling warmly. "You ladies must forgive my bad manners, I have kept you much past the appropriate time for a call! And standing to see us off in all this mud far too long!" He gave them another bow - it must have been his third at least! - Charles noted crossly, and finally mounted the animal next to him. Mrs. Long gave the practiced laugh of a society lady, a handkerchief fluttering prettily in the autumn breeze. "You will find the society in Hertfordshire does not stand on such formality as London, sir. We are always happy to make a new acquaintance, and will not think he is remiss in being equally happy to make ours. We hope to see you again soon - will you be staying for Mr. Bingley's ball?" In the commotion of the past week, Bingley had almost forgotten the ball he was so eager to give. He hoped that Mrs. Nichols and Caroline had their plans well in hand for he had been rather useless in the household for some time. If Reverend Collins did not recover, surely the ball would need to be cancelled in any case. Still Mrs. Long and her nieces could have no knowledge of that, and Bingley was a gentleman. "Mr. Gantry's plans are not yet fixed, madam." He said in his normally friendly manner, "However I certainly hope he can be pressed to stay and to follow my lead in securing a dance with you and your nieces." The pair of nieces, close in age and newly out in society blushed in pleasure and tittered in the manner young ladies so often do. Mrs. Long accepted the invitation with a elegance that seemed out of place with the muddy lane in front of a small, respectable cottage and with some final galant farewells from the callers the gentlemen were finally, finally! off once more. They took off at good clip, though the state of the lanes did not allow for the pace that Bingley truly wished to ride. He longed to be at Netherfield once more, felt as if he could not waste another moment, his very heartbeat seemed to press him to move faster, his blood pumping in his veins. Mr. Gantry kept the pace with him, riding only a few strides behind - and then suddenly, was calling out to him with an astonishing power for so small a man. "Mr. Bingley! Sir! Stop!" Thankfully Bingley was a great proficient on his horse, for a lesser rider could have easily been thrown. They had ridden down a lane nestled between two lesser hills that sat adjacent to Oakham Mount. The road traveled between some pockets of forrest before opening to an open valley, and was quite a picturesque ride in alternative circumstances. On this day that valley was heavily flooded, and Bingley had been about to ride his horse directly into what had become a deep marsh land. He had pulled on the reigns strongly, his horse bucking under him with surprise and exsperation, but Bingley had kept his seat. "I thank you sir!" He said, as Gantry approached from behind. The smaller man smiled thinly, a sardonic twinkle in his eye. "At least there is already a highly respected doctor at Netherfield, should you break your neck sir." The men turned their horses around, following the road back up the hills at much more reasonable pace. The lane was wide enough that they could travel side by side, and when Bingley did not respond to the jest but stared blankly ahead, Gantry observed him with a critical eye. Several long moments passed and finally, he addressed his host, asking, "Are you quite alright, Mr. Bingley?" In truth, Mr. Bingley was not alright, nor had he been or could imagine himself to be at any time in the foreseeable future. He had come to Hertfordshire and had his entire world twisted, turned, and thoroughly discomposed. However, regardless of any inner turmoil he faced, he remained a gentleman. "I must apologize for leading us down this path, and at such a reckless pace. I have travelled on this lane many times since coming to Netherfield and it is a particular favorite of mine. I did not stop to think what the condition of such a road could be after the weather we have had. It was entirely irresponsible of me." "Think nothing of that, Mr. Bingley. I am sure that you simply wished to return to Netherfield as quickly as possible, and chose the fastest route from Mrs. Long's residence." "It is the fastest route from our direction." came the rueful reply. "And you are eager to be at home once more - you had not realized that our calls would occupy so much of the day, you are restless to be back in time for tea." "Indeed." "You must have quite a voracious appetite, sir." This comment took the conversation in such a turn that Bingley visibly startled, his wide blue eyes confused. "I beg your pardon?" He sputtered, more distracted than offended. "Forgive me. In my line of work making such observations is a necessary skill, and once once starts, it is nearly impossible to stop. Though some are perhaps better at keeping their commentary to themselves than I. I only say as much because you ate quite a hearty breakfast, and partook of the refreshments served to us at all five of the establishments we visited…yet you are in a rush to be at home for tea. I am quite satiated, myself. I shall inevitably offend Miss Bingley when I decline to partake." Bingley made a polite, inconsequential reply, and spurred his horse on to a somewhat faster pace, quite unconsciously. Mr. Gantry, one of Bow Street's most elite runners, trained under the Fielding brothers themselves, was indeed in the habit of observation. More importantly, he had to have the skills which the untrained lacked, of taking these observations and using them to make intelligent inferences. That Bingley had eaten heartily and then politely was a clear observation from their morning spent together - his brisk pace and thoughtless route another - an inference he was eager to return to Netherfield, obvious. That he was still hungry, would be the conclusion of an untrained observer, such as Mr. Darcy. For Gantry, it was an effective piece of dissembling. Gantry had found through the years that there were two easy ways to guide conversation toward the information that he sought. One manner was to lull his partner into such a state of relaxation and trust that he would share anything willingly, the other, to thoroughly discompose a man. Gantry increased his pace to match his host's, keeping his tone as politely neutral as he could. "I hope that Dr. Barringer will have some good news for us upon our return. He had some hopes at breakfast this morning. Do you recall what it was he said exactly? I find that the current diagnosis is eluding me presently." Bingley frowned in his seat, attempting to recall what the Doctor had said. In truth, it had been very little, simply that Reverend Collins fever had seemed to calm in the morning hours and he was resting comfortably with the help of laudanum and willow bark tea. There was some hope that the fever could pass, but nothing could be promised yet. His eyes searched the road ahead for a lost memory. He had certainly heard Dr. Barringer speak, had assuredly given him some sort of reply, but his only memory from breakfast was the empty place that was normally occupied by Mrs. Collins. "Forgive me, Mr. Gantry, but I do not quite recall myself. I believe my mind was occupied by other matters." "Oh?" Gantry replied, with feigned surprise, "The business of the day, surely." "Oh yes, absolutely." The younger man eagerly lied, "I was so preoccupied in finding justice for Mr. Collins I hardly heard what was spoken." "I do not doubt you want justice for him, sir, we all do. Surely we can not consider anyone to be safe in this area until we find the culprit who would dare assault a man of the cloth." The gentlemen found themselves back to the main road which would lead through Meryton. It was a circumventual route, taking them two of three miles out of their way, but one they knew to be free from flooding and in as good a state as any road could be after the storm. The pair rode together through Meryton in a companionable, if not pleasant, silence. Mr. Gantry was reviewing the information he gleaned of the community through the day, especially the details of the Collins family and their status in the neighborhood. Mr. Bingley found his mind was engaged with harried, worried thoughts of safety - the safety of the Collins family, the safety of Mrs. Collins in particular, just as Mr. Gantry had intended him to be with his comments. What was it that lovely Mrs. Collins had said to him, the other morning in the garden? His shoulders and arms burned acutely — Charles' rational mind told him it was from an excess of hard riding on uneven terrain after several days of idleness, but his heart whispered treachery, reminding him of how he had held her in comfort on that little stone bench. They had said so much in that half hour tete-a-tete, spoken so candidly of love and loss and fear. Charles was sure he had never spoken so openly of his feelings to anyone prior to that morning, even the sisters who shared in his loss and the friends who condoled him through it. She had so much - but there was one line spoken that had haunted him since: "I am only unfamiliar with men so good as you." Soft hearted Charles Bingley, who had been raised in wealth and comfort, who with his happy manners, made friends wherever he went, wanted to believe that she had exaggerated, that Jane Collins knew many men as good as himself - that she knew men even better than him - he wanted to believe that the world was inherently good, and people inherently kind. But even as his heart betrayed him now,with the reminder of the feel of Jane Collins in his arms, it had whispered to him that the world at large was not good - it was his world that was good, and Jane Collins had not been similarly blessed. She had wept in his arms, overwrought with fear for one she loved, pushed to the limits of composure. And he had held her and looked into her sapphire eyes, so earnest, so utterly devoid of guile, and she had told him. "I am only unfamiliar with men so good as you." Who would have cause to assault a parson on a stormy day - but did not rob him? Jane Collins and Mary Bennet had arrived on his door step on the very same day as the first rainfall, utterly bedraggled. No amount of poor weather had kept them away from their injured family. Yet William Collins Sr, Master of Longbourn, had yet to come and see his son. His son and heir, who lay close to death's door. He had sent a rather perfunctory note, and a private message for his wife. His wife. What else had she said to him that wild, stormy morning? "It is a great comfort, Mr. Bingley…Such a very great comfort to know that I am not entirely alone in this world." Bingley felt his grip on the reigns tightening, as he recalled her beautiful, tear stained face looking up at him with an immensity of feeling he had never before witnessed. "That somewhere, there is a kind soul who understands me." "A kindred spirit." Yes, that is what she had called him - a kindred spirit. They had passed through the boundaries of the village and were nearing the border of his estate. He pushed his pace ever faster, let Gantry keep up if he could! He wanted to out race the wild beating of his heart, to fly past the desires of his mind, to out run the painful way he could feel his soul calling out to her. She was married! Married! There was nothing for it - to even allow such a notion as loving Jane Collins in the the deepest place of his heart was indecorous, indecent, immoral. She was another man's wife. He could never acknowledge their friendship for what it was, not in his own heart, and never aloud. He could not be in love with her. And yet, when he arrived on the drive before his great house, and saw a shabby, donkey led cart being pulled to the front of the house, the wild beating stopped entirely. He recognized that cart and donkey. It was the conveyance that had brought Jane and Miss Bennet's personal artifacts for their stay, along with Mr. Collins' notes. He turned to the hardy groom, his blood running quite cold. "Good Afternoon." He said in caricature of his normal good humor. "It is a bit late for calling hours - who has arrived?" The groom bowed low to his master, and answered evenly. "Mr. Collins has come to look in on his son, and to retrieve the ladies." "To retrieve the ladies?" Bingley repeated with energy. "Indeed sir." "They are needed at Netherfield!" With an awkward look, the groom bowed to his master. Bingley blanched at his bad manners. Interrogating a groomsman would not keep Jane or his sister in his home, nor was his servant likely to have any more information than what was given. Gantry was then riding in behind him, looking thoroughly invigorated by the activity of the day. He dismounted with rapidity, handing the reigns over to another groom who had arrived. "Is that the Collins' cart?" He asked plainly, having heard the wagon mentioned by one of the more vicious gossips they had called on in the course of the morning. "Indeed it is." Bingley replied hotly. Gantry clapped his hands together with energy. "Why this is excellent! I am most curious to meet this Mr. Collins. I have heard so much of him he has become almost a mythical figure to me." Bingley turned toward the stable hands. "You will remove this equipage further down the lane, until is out of site of the house. You may return it to the stables if that is your desire. Mr. Gantry and I must meet with Mr. Collins and it will not due to have him leave before we have a chance to speak with him this afternoon. I am sorry you have been troubled with this extra burden." It was not the servant's way to question the desires of his master. With a bow, the pair of grooms were off, with horses, donkey and cart in tow. The pair of gentlemen moved up the stairs and into the foyer with speed. Gantry had the look of a cat who had found a fresh bowl of cream. "I will change at once." He said, bounding up the stairs. "It is of the upmost important that I look altogether too respectable for this meeting. You must use all your good humor to delay their leaving on my behalf." "Of course," came the harassed reply. "I would not dream of allowing Mr. Collins or his family to leave, just yet." Bingley ran his hands through his tussled sandy hair with a sense of the greatest unease. Turning toward the footman posted in the hall, he asked "Where can I find the Collins family, if you please." The footman was nonplussed by his master's agitated expression. "Miss Bennet has gone upstairs to pack her bag. Mr. Collins and Mrs. Collins are presently in the Eastside Gardens. All others are presently in the Drawing Room, sir." "Thank you." Bingley said with a snap, already striding toward the eastside of the house. Absently, Bingley felt sorry for the mess his muddy boots must be causing as he stomped through the length of the house, his agitation would cause much more work for his staff than was necessary. Yet even his empathy for the people in his employ could not slow down his mission. He strode the lengths of his fine house with powerful steps, pushing his tired legs to move with an astonishing speed. He was pushing through the doors of the conservatory and then into the little wilderness - the very same little wilderness where he and Jane had sat just days ago before he quite knew how he had wound up there. Where could they be? What did he want with her? Suddenly, Bingley's steps faltered. Was he truly asking himself why a husband with a very ill son might desire a private audience with his wife? Surely he needed her comfort, her companionship during this hard time…or perhaps he consoled her, as Bingley had done himself. He was racing to intrude on a private moment between a couple during a very difficult time. Did he have no manners? Just as convinced himself to turn back and await their return in the drawing room, where surely Miss Bennet would head before she departed with her family, a sickening crack filled the air. His head turned to follow the sound, and his feet followed, without instruction. He turned sharply down a little path into that lead toward a grove of ornamental trees and sitting benches. As he approached he realized he heard their voices, speaking low and harshly, with another turn the trees opened up and he was before them. When he made the acquaintance of William Collins, he hadn't thought anything of him, other than he was bit cold and proud, and very lucky to have such a pretty wife. He did not envision that they would become friends, and had been unbothered by it. Collins was twice his age and a country gentleman with particular habits and attitudes. Now, with everything that had happened, and everything he had learned of the man in the days since they last met his countenance suddenly struck him with fervor. He was a tall man - taller even than Darcy, with broad, strong shoulders, and thick well muscled arms, evident even beneath his great coat. His complexion was tanned, and marked with fine lines around his mouth and forehead. His dark hair was smattered with grey, showing a hint of his age on an otherwise healthy looking man. These were general observations, but as Bingley bowed to the surprised couple, he noticed the remarkably dark eyes, and the cold, hard, stare they directed at him. If his face had been carried a softer expression in that moment, perhaps one with anxiety for his son, gratitude toward his wife, anything gentle or tender or appropriate for the circumstances in which he found himself, Bingley might have had his fears erased in moments. But he had happened upon William Collins in an unguarded moment with his wife. He bowed before them as Collins held Jane's arms pinned to her sides, his finger tips digging into her shawl tightly, painfully. Her face was red - was it from embarrassment, anger, the autumn wind, or perhaps he had slapped her? It was impossible to tell. But as their heads turned toward him with surprise, Bingley saw their expressions clearly - Jane looked toward him with a relief with which words would never do justice, and her husband with a contempt that would be impossible for another man to recreate - for it it was impossible for Bingley to imagine thee could be another man with so black a heart as his. Bingley had always been the sort of fellow to be universally liked and thought well of. The hate with which Jane's husband directed for him was palpable, and uncomfortable. It was a sensation he had never experienced before. He hadn't been in brawl since he was a boy at Eton, and had come through the other side of it worse off than his opponent. Should Mr. Collins choose to attack him, he was certain that he would find himself in just as poor a state as Reverend Collins. He could not deny to himself that he was intimidated. So Bingley decided to rely on his best defense - his incredibly good breeding. "Mr. Collins, Mrs. Collins." He said deferentially, "Please allow me to apologize on intruding on you just now. It was unpardonably rude of me." Collins released his wife from his grasp, offering him a bow so shallow another man may have found it offensive. Bingley did not care to take offense, he had no desire to exacerbate the situation in which they found themselves. His only thought - his only care was to remove Jane from the any hostility and to keep her at Netherfield as long as he was able. Jane offered him a a respectable curtesy, but did not dare to meet his eye. "I have only come to retrieve you now as I understood from my groom that you are planning to leave shortly - and Mr. Gantry, Dr. Barringer's partner, is quite desperate to interview you before you depart. He has many questions on Mr. Collins' medical history that only you, as his father, could possibly answer for him." The hard lines of his face did not change. In mentioning his son, there was no flicker of emotion. The only thing Bingley could read was a dark, intractable, anger which he doubted would ever dissipate. "Very well." Was the short, stilted reply, forced through half open lips. "He will meet with you in the study - he is refreshing his costume and will join you shortly. Shall I take Mrs. Collins back to the drawing room with the rest of my guests?" "Mrs. Collins is not fit to be seen." His tone was bitter and ominous, but the words were slurred slightly, as if he struggled to say them. "You are correct, of course." came Jane's meek rejoinder. "I shall return to my chamber and freshen myself to return to the company." The unlikely trio repaired to conservatory with at a much slower pace than Bingley had taken to join them in the gardens. Collins walked with a heavy, unsure gait. When they reached the conservatory, and entered the hall, Bingley had the good fortune to encounter a footman who was traveling in the direction of the study. He called out to his servant and asked with a mockery of his distinctive good humor that Mr. Collins be escorted to his destination. He then walked back into the conservatory, pulling the bell. "I shall wait with Mrs. Collins here until a servant arrives to escort her. Mrs. Collins is unwell and should not be alone while so distressed." If Bingley had thought that Mr. Collins looked toward him with anger before - the only word with which he could describe his present expression was venomous. It was very clear that he did not desire for Bingley to remain in the company of his wife, but his pride would not allow him to expose any display of temper or poor manners in front of Netherfield servants, who could carry tales of his character about the neighborhood without fear of reprimand, unlike the servants of Longbourn. Jane did not speak a word as the men around her planned her movements, and spoke on her behalf. She knew there was some safety in obedience and she would not act out now, when everything was so precarious. Bingley and Jane watched as her husband lumbered down the hall, awkward and heavy. When they had turned the corner to the main part of the house, he lead her into the conservatory, leaving the door ajar. He lead her to an elegant settee and sat her upon it, choosing a separate chair for himself. Overgrown rose bushes gave some privacy without implying impropriety. She said nothing, and did not look at him. Bingley was certainly not a man who would wish to be indelicate toward a woman's private feelings, yet his energetic nature struggled to sit by quietly. When he noticed a tear trail down her porcelain face, he could bare it no longer and found he must speak. "Mrs…" He paused, seeing the delicate wince she tried to conceal as he spoke. Could he allow himself to call her by her Christian name as she asked? "Jane…" he murmured, savoring the feel of her name on his lips. "Jane…are you well?" Her head turned toward him slightly, though her eyes remained downcast. "Oh Mr. Bingley…" she whispered, "I hardly remember what it means to be well." He felt his heart clench painfully. "I am only unfamiliar with men so good as you." She had said that to him. Hardly realizing what he was doing, he found himself reaching for her chin, gently, tenderly, turning her face up towards his. He so desperately wished her to know that she need never turn her eyes from his. It was only when he felt her recoil, pulling her body toward the other side of the sofa that he realized what he had done and how greatly he had over stepped her boundaries. He rose, as if her rejection had scalded him with hot water. "Forgive me, Mrs. Collins." He said remorsefully, digging his hands into his sandy curls with distress. "It is very difficult for me to see you unhappy, and in attempting to comfort you, I have forgotten myself once more." The slender, feminine hand that had raised up to protect her face now reached out and grasped his. He froze in his pacing, completely electrified by the intimacy of her touch. He exhaled sharply, and closed his eyes, steeling his resolve. "You need not apologize, Mr. Bingley." she said softly, hesitantly, "I am simply unused to such…gentle friendship." His eyes snapped open and he slowly removed his hand from her grasp, feeling the loss of every inch of her skin as he pulled away from her. She looked up at him, her eyes full of question and fear. He hated the way she looked up at him now from below - visions of her downcast expression and meek words in the presence of her husband filling his brain and inciting his ire. He would not let Jane subjugate herself to him - not today, nor ever, for as long as he knew her. In desperation, he knelt before her, the most resplendent beauty he had ever known, the kindest hearted woman he knew he would ever meet, and realized that he could not deny being in love with this remarkable woman. They could never be alone like this again. Charles knew that in his heart. He was too romantic, too sensitive, to feel so strongly and to deny those feelings. He would have to give up Netherfield, would have to leave her, since he would never be permitted to love her as he could. If he stayed, they would both become trapped by this force beyond their control - this dangerous, reckoning power that demanded to be answered. He could not risk her safety, her family's safety, or his sister's reputations by acting rashly and selfishly. It was clear to him that Collins either knew or understood something that Charles had refused to recognize until this moment, or was simply so jealous that any man was threat. They stared at one another, neither daring to speak. Charles felt his own tears build and then drop as he watched several more caress Jane's sweet face. It was this emotional display which prompted Jane to break the spell, whispering so softly he would have been sure he imagined it had he not watched the movement of her pink lips. "Mr. Bingley…" she began, so impossibly soft…but Mr. Bingley leaned toward her, interrupting whatever speech she was about to begin. "My name is Charles." He said, cutting her off with a velvet caress of a sentence. "You have asked me to call you Jane. Can you not call me Charles? If only once, so that I might carry the memory of your saying it with me always?" They were close. Closer even than when he held her as she wept, what felt like a lifetime ago. It was a heady, intoxicating nearness that Charles would hold onto, to relish the memory of for as long as he lived. He looked through the bevy of Jane's wet lashes, meeting her gaze with a searching, longing look. For a brief moment those lashes folded close. Charles watched them create sparkling half moons of tear drops across her cheeks. He knew that he would never see something so beautiful, so painfully intimate, again. Then they opened once more, and he was fully absorbed by the intensity of her stare. She leaned closer still. Close enough to feel her breath kiss his face as she whispered, "Charles…oh Charles…will you come to me tonight?" There was no time to register the question - what it meant - what she was asking of him, what was being left unsaid, for suddenly her lips were crushing against his painfully, desperately. His arms wrapped themselves around her, quite unbidden, his hands sliding along the back of her muslin day dress, hers tugging at his cravat. Charles was a wealthy young man of high society. He had certainly kissed, and been kissed before. He thought he had known what pleasures the flesh could produce - and then Jane Collins kissed him, and everything he knew was shattered in an instant. Their tongues danced, lips caressed, in perfect, exquisite, harmony. Within moments she was toppling from her position on the sofa and met him on the floor of the conservatory, pressing their bodies against one another tightly. He had never felt so deliriously happy, so utterly content. He found himself kissing her cheeks, her nose, the length of her slender neck and the swell of her breasts. At any moment, he knew that he would open his eyes, and find this moment a figment of his imagination. Nothing could be this perfect, this painful, this passionate. It was only when a slender hand reached low and caressed the outline of his excitement that the reality of the situation awakened in Charles' mind. His kisses slowed, and taking his own hand, he stilled the beginnings of her ministrations. "We can not do this, darling Jane." Charles said with a ragged breath. Jane glanced toward the open door. "You are right. I have taken leave of my senses. You must come to me tonight when all are abed." He pulled away from her, disentangling their limbs. Her lips were swollen from their kisses. "No Jane…Mrs. Collins, you are married. You are distressed. We are neither of us adulterers." Jane stood abruptly, her face red once more, most assuredly from anger and embarrassment. "That man….my husband…I was bound to him through no choice of my own. All my life has been dictated by the choices of others." Charles stood as well, straightening his mussed clothing. "You must forgive me, Jane. I think too well of you to lower you so. You have made vows. I see the dedication with which you love your family. You would not wish to shame them. I believe that you want me now…but you will live to regret it. I am sure you will regret even this much smaller dalliance." With his words, the meek girl of only an hour before suddenly straightened her back, raising to her full height. Her chin rose proudly, defiantly. With a shaking voice she said, "Lower myself? My life has been spent lowering myself to my husband's demands. You are a beautiful man in a beautiful home with a beautiful life, and you have not the faintest idea of what lowering one's self truly means to a woman of my situation. I have acted foolishly perhaps. Rashly and impulsively. My husband is in the house at this very moment and while I do not think him man enough to risk his own life by calling you out - should he ever learn of this, he would certainly make sure that I learned my lesson. Painfully, for violence is the only language that man understands. I am a good wife in every respect. I am a good person, and a good Christian woman. If I lie with you and burn for it — I will not repine it, for it means that Mr. Collins will assuredly be suffering a similar, and likely, a worse fate. My husband is not a good man, and he has certainly broken the vows he made to me many times over. I will not apologize to you for grasping at my chance for happiness, temporary though that happiness may be. Kissing you was my choice! Mine! Perhaps one of the first I have ever made for myself sincerely for my own pleasure and quite possibly the last chance I shall ever have at it. Despise me if you must, but I can not repent it. I rejoice in my first taste of freedom. I rejoice in having met you, Charles Bingley. Come to my bed tonight." Charles gulped with wracked nerves. She was right - of course she was right - he had no idea what a woman married to such a hard, hateful man must subjugate herself to. He wanted nothing more to take her in his arms and to play the passionate lover that she so desired. Or truthfully, to marry her himself and show her what a proper husband could be. She was too good, too strong, too entirely beautiful to be denied. "Is your husband not here to take you back to Longbourn?" "Only my sister. It would not due for the neighbors to find out I was prematurely removed from William's sickbed. He often does this you see - separates the pair of us to use one or the other as collateral. He believe that if Mary is under his purview, he can control me from afar. He is wildly incorrect. I am done playing his silly, boyish games. I will not give him what he wants." "And what does he want, Jane?" "Why, you or your sister for Longbourn of course. As I have not managed to orchestrate a compromise of Mary while we attend his son's sick bed, he now means to trap your sister in marriage to his son, by my hand." If lightening had struck them in that moment, Charles could not have been more shocked. "I beg your pardon?" He finally asked, thoroughly baffled by such an ill thought plan. Jane laughed then, a bright and sparkling laugh at the absurdity of it all. "He can not be made to see that his son is very close to death - he believes this illness to be my own plot with his son, so that I may have a dalliance with you, while William can enjoy a different, finer household while he stays in the county. If William dies, he will be very shocked indeed - and if he lives and returns to Longbourn without an engagement to your sister, he shall be seriously displeased. I should not say it…but my husband is a fool." Charles laughed then too - heartily, and Jane found that his laughter only increased her good humor until they were both shaking with giggles. He had come to Hertfordshire with many expectations of country scenery and society, and every one of them had been subverted quite nicely. Caroline compromised by a dying man would be the most memorable of all that had occurred. When they had finally subsided, Jane placed a gentle hand on his arm. "I must freshen my toilette and you must do the same and join the others before any suspicions grow." "You are correct of course," he said regretfully. Jane crossed the threshold of the conservatory while her host trailed behind. When she reached the doorway, she gave him an arch look over his shoulder and said softly. "I do not regret our dalliance, Charles, and I entreat you to think hard on your objections this afternoon. Whatever happens during my stay at Netherfield, I know that my return to Longbourn will be a bleak, unhappy time. I hope to have many pleasant memories to cherish to see me through them. I will not begrudge you if you stay away….my husband is a formidable man, and only you can know how much you fear God's retribution for adultery. But for my own sake — I am so very tired of living in fear, and I will seize every opportunity of happiness I can obtain. Whatever your choice…knowing you has brought me immeasurable joy. I shall never forget it." And with those words, Jane Collins, brave, beautiful, passionate, powerful, Jane Collins fixed herself firmly in the mind of Charles Bingley as the only woman he could ever, would ever, love. Author's Notes: Jane Bennet reclaiming her sexual agency. If you can't roll with that, you probably won't enjoy the general direction of where this story is headed. The plot that Jane is referencing occurs in chapter 11 if anyone feels they need to reread. Once again, thank you for reading my story. It had meant so much to me.
