DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 Dear Readers: Hello again. Let me know what you think of my newest story. FYI, It is available on Amazon and elsewhere. 3 Jane CHAPTER ONE Elizabeth Bennet was fond of dancing, but unlike her twin sister Lydia, she was not always desperate for a partner. She was perfectly content to sit out two dances and observe the assembly. Mr. Bingley, their newest neighbour, was dancing with her oldest sister Jane. He seemed to be an amiable gentleman and her mother had high hopes of his marrying one of them for he was rumoured to have an income of four or five thousand a year. Mr. Bingley's sisters – Miss Bingley and Mrs. Hurst – were also in attendance. They were both well-dressed, handsome women, but Elizabeth thought they were conceited. They had looked around the local gathering and judging from their sour expressions, found it lacking. Mr. Bingley had also brought Mr. Darcy, a wealthy gentleman from Derbyshire. Mr. Darcy was taller than Mr. Bingley with thick dark hair, broad shoulders, and a noble mien, and for a moment, Elizabeth had been intrigued, wanting to make his acquaintance, but then she discovered that he was even more odious than Bingley's sisters. He only danced with Miss Bingley and Mrs. Hurst and spent the rest of the evening walking about the room, only speaking to those in his party. Elizabeth had no patience for a man who came to a party and refused to enjoy himself. While she was sitting out, she happened to overhear a conversation between Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy. Mr. Bingley came from the dance for a few minutes to encourage his friend to join them. "Come, Darcy," he said. "I must have you dance. I hate to see you standing about by yourself in this stupid manner. You had much better dance." Elizabeth hid a smile behind a gloved hand, amused. She liked Mr. Bingley even better now for teasing his friend. Mr. Darcy said stiffly, "I certainly shall not. You know how I detest it unless I am particularly acquainted with my partner. And your sisters are already engaged." "But there are many other women who would be just as agreeable dance partners," Mr. Bingley argued. "Let me ask my partner to introduce you to one of her sisters. One of them is sitting down just behind you." "Which do you mean?" Darcy asked and turning around, he looked for a moment at Elizabeth. "Ah, one of the twins." Elizabeth hated being referred to as one of the twins, but since she and Lydia were identical physically and their mother insisted on dressing them in a similar manner, it was a common designation. Elizabeth lifted her chin and her eyes narrowed as she stared back at him. Unfazed, Darcy turned away from her and said coldly, "She is tolerable, but not handsome enough to tempt me." Bingley had the grace to look disconcerted by his friend's rudeness. "You are too fastidious, Darcy." Darcy said, "And you are not fastidious enough, my friend. You are too easily pleased." Mr. Bingley laughed at him. "How could I not be pleased with Miss Bennet? She is the most beautiful creature I have ever beheld." Elizabeth agreed with Mr. Bingley that Jane was the prettiest of her sisters, but she and Lydia often received more attention because of their physical similarity. Darcy said, "Then go and enjoy her smiles. For you are wasting your time with me." Mr. Bingley followed his advice and Mr. Darcy walked off. Elizabeth was glad to be rid of him. That evening, when the Bennet family had returned to Longbourn, Elizabeth spoke privately to Jane as they prepared for bed, discussing the evening's event. Of all her sisters, Jane was the closest to Elizabeth in temperament, and they shared a bedroom. In younger years, Elizabeth and Lydia had shared a room together, until Elizabeth asked her father if she could move to Jane's bedroom. Mrs. Bennet thought that was ridiculous, but her father had understood that Elizabeth needed to be separate from her twin sometimes. He had put his foot down, giving his permission, and after that Jane and Elizabeth shared a room as did Mary and Kitty. Lydia declared that she was quite happy to sleep alone and to have a closet to herself. Personally, Elizabeth was grateful every night that she could shut a door between herself and Lydia. She found it exhausting to be half of a pair with people always mistaking them for each other or comparing them. Lydia was the spirited twin; she was the serious one. In contrast, Lydia thoroughly enjoyed the attention they received as twins. Whenever they were in public together, she often stood by Elizabeth or sat by her. Over the years, she had copied Elizabeth's mannerisms, even her laugh, which made Elizabeth cringe. When she was younger, Elizabeth had been more light-hearted, quick to find humour in a situation, but now she was more reserved. Elizabeth helped Jane undress and then Jane helped her, for they had only one lady's maid, Rose, and she was busy with their mother. Elizabeth said, "What did you think of Mr. Bingley?" "He is just what a young man ought to be," Jane said. "Sensible, good humoured, lively, and I never saw such happy manners." Elizabeth agreed. "He seems very gentlemanlike. Unlike his friend." Jane, who had heard of Mr. Darcy's disparaging comments on the carriage ride home, said, "That was very unkind of him. Do you think you might have misheard him?" "No, I heard him quite clearly. I am only tolerable, it seems." Jane sighed. "Perhaps he had a headache." Elizabeth protested. "No, please. Do not try to find an excuse for the man. He was insufferable, but I do not mind it. I am not so vain to I think every man will find me pretty." She laughed. "In truth, it was refreshing, for now I don't have to worry about him bothering me. I would hate to have such a proud, disagreeable man like me." Jane pulled a nightgown over her head and pushed her arms through the long sleeves. She said, "Have you ever met a man that you wanted to like you?" "No," Elizabeth admitted. "I am completely heart whole." "Do you ever worry that you will never fall in love?" "Not particularly." Elizabeth did not trust love as a reliable emotion. Her parents had once been in love and now they continually irritated each other. Her father found her mother silly, and her mother considered herself misunderstood and unappreciated. They were often at cross purposes, disagreeing on everything from how to rear their children to how to spend money. Elizabeth thought that mutual respect and affection might have a better chance of lasting rather than romantic love. She admired her Aunt and Uncle Gardiner and their calm relationship and hoped that one day she might have the same. She asked Jane, "Do you worry about falling in love?" Jane nodded. "I was beginning to wonder if my heart was defective." "And now?" Jane blushed and turned away, avoiding the question, which made Elizabeth think that Jane might like Mr. Bingley more than she was willing to admit. Elizabeth knew that one day Jane would marry and leave their family, and she would miss her terribly. But if Mr. Bingley was the lucky man, at least he lived nearby. He was renting Netherfield Park which was only three miles from their home Longbourn. Over the next few weeks, the Bennets and Bingleys met at various social events and Mr. Bingley continued to single Jane out for his attention, often sitting by her. Mr. Darcy continued to hold himself back, rarely talking to anyone. Charlotte Lucas, one of their neighbours and Elizabeth's particular friend, said one evening at her home, "Do you think Mr. Darcy is shy?" "Shy?" Elizabeth scoffed. "Not at all. The man is perfectly willing to talk to his friends. He thinks everyone else is beneath him. I don't know why he bothers to come at all if all he intends to do is stand about like a frowning statue." "He seems to pay a great deal of attention to you, Eliza," Charlotte said. Elizabeth glanced over in his direction. "Yes. I have noticed him scowling at me. I wonder what I have done to incur his dislike." "Perhaps he is trying to determine which of you is Elizabeth and which is Lydia." "Perhaps," Elizabeth said, but the truth was, she did not care what he thought of either of them. The sooner he returned to London, the happier she would be. There was something about Elizabeth Bennet that drew Darcy's attention, much to his surprise and annoyance. At first, Darcy had scarcely allowed her to be pretty. The only thing noteworthy about her was the novelty of her being a twin. But no sooner had he convinced himself that she had hardly a good feature in her face, then he began to be disconcerted by the intelligence in her dark eyes, something missing in the eyes of her twin sister. He often saw them standing together and the contrast was subtle but true, which made him wonder about her. What was she thinking? Sometimes he saw a fleeting smile on her lips and wondered what had amused her. She was a puzzle, and he did not like puzzles. Darcy began to wish to know more of her and he started listening to her conversations with others. He thought he was discrete in his observation, but Miss Bingley had noticed his attentions. She teased him that he must be careful not to fall for a provincial nobody. "Unless you are looking forward to having Mrs. Bennet as a mother-in-law." "No, indeed," he said coolly. As Master of Pemberley, he fully intended to marry at some time in the future, but he was not in a hurry, and he would not let a fleeting attraction overcome common sense. When he did choose to marry, he would marry a woman of sense and decorum with a family that he could introduce to his friends without embarrassment. Miss Elizabeth Bennet might be pretty, she might be intriguing, but she had a vulgar mother and giddy sisters. She would never be his wife.
DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 CHAPTER TWO Mrs. Bennet was thrilled when Miss Bingley wrote to Jane, inviting her to come for dinner, but then she was annoyed to learn that the gentlemen would be dining with the officers. "That is vexing to be sure, so you had better go on horseback, because it seems likely to rain, and then you must stay all night." Elizabeth said, "Will they not offer to send her home?" "They can't," Mrs. Bennet said happily. "For the gentlemen will have Mr. Bingley's chaise to go to Meryton and the Hursts have no horses to theirs." Elizabeth often found it alarming how much her mother knew of the doings and possessions of their neighbours, but then again, Meryton was a small town and Mrs. Bennet lived on gossip. Jane would have preferred to go by coach, but she was a dutiful daughter and rode on horseback as her mother wished. It did rain, as predicted, and Jane spent the night at Netherfield. In the morning, Jane wrote to say that she was unwell, and her friends insisted that she stay until she felt better. Jane wrote that she had only a sore throat and a headache, but Elizabeth was concerned. She wanted to visit her, but their carriage was needed on the farm, so she decided to walk. Kitty and Lydia offered to walk with her as far as Meryton for they had plans to visit with one of the officer's wives. Mary stayed at home to practise the pianoforte. When Elizabeth chose her bonnet, Lydia hurried back upstairs to find the one that matched hers. This sort of thing happened so often that Elizabeth did not bother to comment. She had complained in the past, but Lydia could not understand why Elizabeth did not wish to dress identically and arguing about it only created discord. When Elizabeth appealed to her father, he had shrugged the matter off. "It is a little thing, Lizzy, and it makes your mother and your sister happy." He cared more for keeping the peace at Longbourn than making her happy. She had protested. "I wish to be known for myself, not for being a matched pair." "And one day you will be," her father assured her. "Once you are married, Lizzy, you can dress as you wish." "And how is a man to choose me when I look exactly like my sister?" Mr. Bennet assured her that the right man would easily tell the difference between them. Elizabeth was not so hopeful. Her father and Jane could tell them apart most of the time, but her mother often did not. Elizabeth had learned to answer to Lydizzy or Lizzia whenever her mother was mistaken. As Elizabeth and her sisters walked to Meryton, Kitty and Lydia laughed and joked about meeting the various officers. The militia was recently quartered in Meryton, which had pleased Mrs. Bennet. Her greatest object was to find husbands for her five daughters. Kitty sighed and said, "I think even the plainest man is made more handsome when wearing a red coat." Lydia agreed. Elizabeth said nothing. Lydia said, "It is a shame that none of the officers are brothers." Lydia had often expressed her desire that she and Elizabeth marry brothers. "Don't let that hold you back," Elizabeth said. "If you find a man worth marrying, marry him. Do not wait on my account." Lydia said, "I just think that it would be a lark if we could marry brothers. And even better if they were twins like us." She smiled happily. "How lovely that would look on the wedding day." Elizabeth would never agree to that. She would not make such an exhibition of herself. She said calmly, "The odds of that happening are too slim. We would both of us become old maids while waiting." Kitty said, "I overheard Mrs. Cole wondering why none of us were married, yet. She thought perhaps Papa was too particular and not willing to give his consent." As far as Elizabeth knew, the true reason was that no young gentlemen had ever asked for any of their hands in marriage. Some of that might be due to their small dowries – only a thousand pounds each – but more likely, their social circle was small, limited to about four and twenty families. There were only a few eligible single young men, which was why the recent additions of the militia and Mr. Bingley were so fortuitous. Lydia frowned. "Did she say we were old maids?" "No, but she implied it," Kitty said. "Mrs. Cole is an old cow," Lydia said. "I've never liked her." Elizabeth said, "Jane is twenty-two. Lydia and I are twenty. It is ridiculous to consider any of us to be old maids." Kitty said, "That may be so, but Mama was married at seventeen and Aunt Philips at eighteen." Elizabeth said, "And Aunt Gardiner at twenty-four." "I would rather die than still be single at twenty-four!" Lydia said hotly. Elizabeth did not know whether she should be concerned by their conversation. Lydia was a flirt by nature, happy to receive attention from various young men, but perhaps it was better if she considered settling down. And was it unkind for Elizabeth to wish that Lydia would marry soon and move far away? When they reached Meryton they separated, with Elizabeth walking on to Netherfield Park by herself. She crossed over field after field at a quick pace, jumping over stiles and springing over puddles with joyous activity. It felt glorious to be out of doors by herself with no one to comment or judge her. That was, until she arrived at Netherfield, interrupting breakfast. Miss Bingley and Mrs. Hurst looked at her as if she were a creature in a zoo. They were astonished that she had walked three miles so early in the day, in such dirty weather, and by herself. Their contempt was obvious. Mr. Darcy said very little, but looked at her closely, eyes narrowed, and she assumed he was of a similar mind to Miss Bingley. She raised her chin defiantly. She did not care what he thought. Fortunately, Mr. Bingley was more kind. He spoke to her with politeness and respect. He said that Jane had slept ill and was now feverish. She was not well enough to leave her room. "May I see her?" Elizabeth asked. "Of course," Bingley said and looked his sister. "Right away." With poor grace, Miss Bingley accompanied her upstairs to Jane's bedroom. Jane lay in a large four poster bed. Her face was pale; her eyes and nose were red. She smiled weakly but was too ill to talk a great deal. Miss Bingley left them together, promising to return later after breakfast finished. "Oh, Lizzy," Jane said between bouts of coughing once they were alone. "I am so glad you came." Jane sounded like a croaking frog. Elizabeth took her hand. "Shh," she said. "Do not tax yourself." "I am so embarrassed," Jane said quietly. "Why?" Jane blew her nose. "I am sick." "Yes, dear, but it is not your fault." If anyone's fault, it was their mother's for making Jane ride a horse when it was going to rain, but there was no point in assigning blame. "The important thing is for you to get well." Jane nodded. Mr. Jones, the apothecary, came and pronounced that Jane had a violent cold. He advised that she stay in bed and promised to get her some draughts. Miss Bingley and her sister came to visit, but Elizabeth could tell that they were bored with Jane's illness, and they did not want to get too close. When it was three p.m., Elizabeth thought she should return to Longbourn, and Miss Bingley offered to send her home in a carriage, but Jane seemed so distraught to lose her, that Miss Bingley was obliged to invite Elizabeth to stay as well. Elizabeth readily agreed, and the chaise was sent to Longbourn to inform her parents of her stay and to fetch a supply of clothes for her and Jane. When Darcy and Bingley returned to the house, Darcy was surprised to learn that Elizabeth Bennet would be staying at Netherfield for several days while Jane recovered. "Is that necessary?" he asked. From what he'd heard earlier, Miss Bennet was ill but not in any particular danger. "Necessary or not, it is done," Miss Bingley said irritably. "Miss Elizabeth will be joining us for dinner." "I am glad that Miss Bennet has her sister to cheer her," Bingley said. "Thank you, Caroline, for taking care of that." "And with Miss Elizabeth there, we will not be needed as often in the sickroom," Mrs. Hurst said helpfully. "I suppose that is one benefit," Miss Bingley said. She saw Darcy's look of disapproval and quickly amended, "I have too tender a heart to tend to others when they are ill. It pains me so." Darcy did not comment. In the past few days, it had occurred to him that Miss Bingley, like many other London ladies of his acquaintance, wanted to marry him. He knew she cared more for his income of ten thousand pounds a year, than for his actual person, but he had no intention of encouraging her. He would marry the woman he desired when he desired, and Caroline Bingley would never be that woman. And if her continual flirtatious attempts to secure his interest became too obnoxious, he would leave Hertfordshire. Charles Bingley was his good friend, but he did not want him as a brother-in-law. Dinner was at half past six. Darcy noticed that Elizabeth Bennet was dressed more simply than either Miss Bingley or Mrs. Hurst. She answered a few questions about her sister's health, ate quickly, and excused herself when the meal was over to return to her sister. As soon as she had left the room, Miss Bingley said, "I suppose if we wanted to have a better conversation, we should have invited her twin. Miss Lydia has much more to say." Too much to say, in Darcy's opinion. He had noticed that Miss Lydia was often loud and boisterous. Bingley said, "I didn't think Miss Elizabeth was too quiet. No doubt she was thinking of her sister and not in the mood for much conversation." "She should have made a greater effort to be cordial," Miss Bingley said. "I find her manners to be very bad. She has no conversation, no style, no taste, no beauty." Mrs. Hurst agreed. Darcy thought that Miss Bingley was the one with bad manners. The two sisters went on to disparage Elizabeth for walking all the way to Netherfield. They criticized her blowsy hair and her muddy petticoats. Bingley rose to her defence, saying, "I thought Miss Bennet looked remarkably well this morning. Her dirty petticoat quite escaped my notice." Darcy looked at his friend closely with suspicion. Had Bingley decided that he liked Miss Elizabeth as well as her sister? If so, that would be a problem.
DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 CHAPTER THREE Elizabeth sat with Jane, making certain she sat up and drank some tea and broth. Eventually Jane slept, and Elizabeth debated whether she should return downstairs or merely go to her own bedroom. She decided that politeness required her to at least make an appearance, so she returned to the drawing room. As she neared, she overheard bits of conversation. Miss Bingley said, "Their uncle is an attorney in Meryton." They were talking about her and Jane. Elizabeth hesitated and stood outside the door, wondering what else they might say. "And they have another who lives in Cheapside." "Cheapside!" Miss Bingley repeated. "How appropriate." Both she and Mrs. Hurst laughed. Bingley said, "If they had uncles enough to fill all Cheapside, it would not make them one jot less agreeable!" Darcy said, "Yes, but it does lessen their chance of marrying men of any consequence." Elizabeth felt of the sting of that statement. As much as she did not like Mr. Darcy, she had to admit the truth of his words. Her father was a gentleman, but he had married a woman with trade connections. Some men would not want that connection. And some men would want wives with larger dowries. As far as Elizabeth could see, the only benefit of having a small dowry was that she and her sisters had little chance of being pursued by fortune hunters. For a moment, she considered retreating upstairs to her room, but then as bad luck would have it, Bingley got up to poke at the fire, and he saw her standing in the hallway. "Miss Bennet," he said pleasantly. "How good to see you again. Is your sister better?" "She is not," Elizabeth said with a smile. "But she is sleeping." "That is good. My nanny always said that sleep was the best doctor." Elizabeth smiled. She could not help but like a man who appreciated his nanny. As she entered the room, she saw that the entire party was seated at a table playing silver loo. "Would you care to join us?" Miss Bingley asked. "No, thank you," Elizabeth said. "I will find something to read instead." She walked over to a side table that had several books upon it. Mr. Hurst said, "Do you prefer reading to cards? How singular." Darcy said, "How so? I prefer reading to cards." He glanced at Elizabeth as if to see her reaction. Miss Bingley set her cards face down on the table. "So do I." Mr. Hurst protested. "At least finish the hand." For a few more minutes they played and then disbanded. Darcy walked over to Elizabeth and asked her the title of the book she was reading. She said, "Amelia." "Yes. By Fielding. Do you like it?" "I haven't read it, although my father likes Fielding." "He's an acquired taste," Darcy said. Miss Bingley, walking by said, "Fielding? Where did we get that? He's very vulgar, isn't he? I'm surprised at your choice, Miss Eliza." Elizabeth shrugged. "It is just a novel." "But I think one should be very careful of what one reads. Don't you agree, Mr. Darcy?" "I think Miss Bennet can decide what she wants to read." Miss Bingley was not happy with his answer. "Charles?" she demanded. "Where did all these books come from?" Bingley said that some came with the house but that if she did not approve of one, he would be happy to remove it. Elizabeth set the offensive novel aside and said, "It does not matter." Miss Bingley suggested that Mrs. Hurst play the pianoforte. She did and she was followed by Miss Bingley. Mr. Bingley said to Elizabeth, "I believe you play, too?" "A little," she admitted. "But not as well as your sisters." Darcy said bluntly, "I would enjoy hearing you play." She looked at him, surprised. "Truly?" She and her sister Mary had played the pianoforte at Sir William Lucas' home a few days before, but she thought Darcy had looked pained at the time. "Yes. You have a lightness and spontaneity to your performance which is charming." Elizabeth smiled. "Is that a polite way of saying that I make many errors?" "No," he assured her. "I try to always say what I mean." "Which sometimes is not polite," Bingley said in a teasing tone. Darcy said stiffly, "I hope I am always civil." Elizabeth looked at the two men who were so different in manners – Bingley was all ease and Darcy was more reserved, and yet they appeared to be good friends. She said to them both, "I think society requires some balance between truth and tact. Imagine what trouble there would be if we all said exactly what we think of each other." Darcy said, "That is why it is best sometimes to say nothing at all." Was that his justification for his boorish behaviour? Elizabeth was startled to consider his actions in a different light. Darcy continued. "I have heard it said that discretion is the perfection of reason and a guide to us in all duties of life." "Nicely put," Bingley said, and Elizabeth found that she agreed. She said, "The difficulty, I suppose, lies in determining what to say and when to say it." Darcy nodded. "I agree. I do not know which is worse – the regret of saying something I wish I could take back or the regret of not saying something I should have said." Elizabeth was surprised that he would admit to having any regrets at all. Perhaps her perception of him as a proud man was flawed. She said, "Surely the latter is not as bad, for if one has not spoken, one can make amends by speaking out." Darcy said, "Not always. As Brutus said, there is a tide in the affairs of men, which taken at the flood, leads on to fortune. Omitted, all the voyage of their life is bound in shallows and in miseries." Elizabeth was impressed by Mr. Darcy's education. She had read Shakespeare's Julius Caesar, but she could not quote it. She said, "You consider conversations to be like tides?" "Yes, for they often take us on adventures that we did not anticipate." Like the present one. Elizabeth smiled at him. "And can leave us crashed on the rocks." "Indeed." Bingley said, "I like Shakespeare's plays, but I never understood Brutus. He talks on and on, trying to decide if he should kill his friend." For a moment, Elizabeth was annoyed that Bingley spoke when she wanted to hear more from Mr. Darcy, but she told herself not to be ridiculous. She said, "Would you have killed Caesar?" "No, I would have tried to talk with him, to make him see reason." Darcy said, "History would be very different if more men were like you, Bingley." Elizabeth sensed from Darcy's tone that he was both amused by Bingley's naivete and sincere in his admiration. Elizabeth said, "Definitely less war." Miss Bingley finished playing her music piece and joined them. "I hope you're not talking about Napoleon," she said as she approached. "I hate the man and wish he would stay in France and leave the rest of the world alone." Mr. Darcy said, "No, we were discussing Julius Caesar." Miss Bingley laughed. "That is worse. I can never remember all those Greeks." None of them corrected her, thereby proving that they could all be discrete. However, Darcy did look briefly at Elizabeth with amusement in his eyes. She looked down at her hands, trying not to smile. Having killed the conversation with her interruption, Miss Bingley tried to engage Mr. Darcy in other topics, but he again was quiet, saying little, and the evening soon ended with all of them retiring to their rooms. At breakfast the following morning, Darcy learned that Miss Elizabeth had passed the greater part of the night in her sister's room, and that Jane was still feeling poorly. Mr. Jones had been sent for. Darcy ate his breakfast in silence, missing Elizabeth's presence. Miss Bingley tried to entertain him with talk of their mutual friends in Town, but she was interrupted by Mrs. Bennet's arrival. She had come with two of her daughters to see the invalid. Bingley was concerned, thinking that Mrs. Bennet's presence indicated her fear that Jane Bennet was truly ill, possibly in danger, but Darcy was not worried. He knew that Mrs. Bennet merely wanted to see the inside of Bingley's house. His suspicions were confirmed when Mrs. Bennet returned from the sickroom after only a few minutes' visit. She sat down in the morning parlour, happy to converse. Darcy was not pleased to see her, but he was pleased to see Elizabeth who had joined her mother. When Elizabeth sat on a couch, her twin sat right beside her. The physical similarity was astonishing, but today they were dressed differently, and he noticed that Elizabeth's hair was not as neatly arranged as her twin sister's. She also looked tired and he hoped that she was not coming down with a cold like Jane. Bingley said to Mrs. Bennet, "I hope you did not find Jane worse than you expected." "Indeed, I have, sir," was her answer. "She is a great deal too ill to be moved. Mr. Jones says we must not think of moving her. We must trespass a little longer on your kindness." Darcy thought that Mrs. Bennet would be happy to have her oldest daughter remain at Netherfield as long as possible. "Removed!" Bingley cried. "No, indeed. It must not be thought of." Mrs. Bennet smiled, satisfied with his response. Miss Bingley said coolly, "You may depend upon it, Madam. Miss Bennet shall receive every possible attention while she remains with us." Darcy thought it likely that Miss Bingley was counting the hours until the Misses Bennets could be evicted. He glanced briefly at Elizabeth to see her reaction, but she was watching her mother instead and did not catch his eye. The voluble Mrs. Bennet talked, rattling on, thanking Bingley for his kindness, praising Jane for her sweet temperament, and then complimenting him on his home. Bingley's response was gracious, and the conversation shifted to comparisons between the country and Town, with Mrs. Bennet asserting that she found the country to be best. Elizabeth seemed embarrassed by some of her mother's enthusiasm, but she said little. Their visit came to a close with Lydia saying, "Mr. Bingley, do you remember promising to give a ball? It would be the most shameful thing in the world if you do not keep your promise." Bingley was not offended by her presumption. Instead he said, "I am ready to name the day as soon as your sister is well again." Lydia seemed as pleased as her mother with his reply, and the Bennets soon departed, leaving Elizabeth behind. When Elizabeth excused herself and went back upstairs to take care of Jane, Darcy felt oddly bereft. As soon as Elizabeth was out of the room, Miss Bingley said irritably, "A ball? Whatever are you thinking, Charles?" Bingley shrugged. "I like dancing. Why shouldn't I give a ball?" "Not everyone feels the same as you. Some of us might consider a ball with such company to be a punishment rather than a pleasure." She looked pointedly at Darcy. Bingley said, "If Darcy doesn't want to attend, he can go to bed before it begins." Darcy smiled. "Don't worry. I have no intention of going to bed. I will attend your ball." And I will dance with Elizabeth Bennet, he thought but had the wisdom not to say it.
DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 CHAPTER FOUR The day passed much as the day before had done. Mrs. Hurst and Miss Bingley made a token visit to Jane's room and then left after a few minutes. Elizabeth spent more time with Jane who was gradually beginning to mend, but when Jane slept in the afternoon, Elizabeth walked out among the halls of Netherfield, looking for the library. She found it, eventually, after some help from a liveried footman. Once inside, she idly looked through the shelves, seeking a familiar book or something interesting. She chose a book of poetry, but she did not read it immediately. Instead, she walked over to floor to ceiling windows that looked out upon Netherfield's gardens. The scene was so peaceful and beautiful that she sighed. "Is something wrong?" Elizabeth startled, surprised to see Mr. Darcy beside her. She had thought she was alone in the room. "No, nothing is wrong. I was merely admiring the view." Darcy glanced briefly out the window. "It is pretty." "But not as fine as Pemberley?" Elizabeth suggested. "That is for others to decide, surely," Mr. Darcy said. "But I do prefer my home to all others." "That is as it should be. Your home should be your castle." "Pemberley is not a castle," he said simply. She wondered for a moment if he had misunderstood her analogy or if he was making a joke. She said, "No moat?" "Not as yet." She smiled. He had been making a joke. She said, "According to Miss Bingley, Pemberley is perfection." "Miss Bingley is excessive in her praise." Elizabeth nodded. "I have noticed that." "What else have you noticed; I wonder?" Elizabeth looked at him closely. She had noticed that Miss Bingley wanted Darcy's approval. She raised one inquiring eyebrow. "Are you asking me to gossip about our host?" "No, not at all. I merely wish to know what you were thinking when you were lost in thought just now." Elizabeth said, "I was thinking that I envy Mr. Bingley. If I were he, I would never want to leave Netherfield." "And why is that?" "It is so elegant and peaceful here." At his look of inquiry, she explained further. "Do not misunderstand me. I love my home. Longbourn is not as grand as Netherfield, but it has its charms. But it is not peaceful. I suppose with five sisters living together, it is impossible for a home to be peaceful, but having spent the past day here, I don't want to go home. For the first time in my life, I feel as if I can think my own thoughts." It was the first time in her life she had spent a day away from Lydia. He said, "You have little privacy at home?" "Yes, that is the problem. My father can hide away and lock himself in his library, but the rest of us are forced to deal with each other." "Like hens in a hen house." She laughed. "I never thought of that, but it is true. And like one of our more ornery hens, I wish to escape. I suppose that is why I enjoy walking out of doors so much." "Like your walk to Netherfield yesterday morning." "Yes." He did not comment and for a moment and she wondered if their conversation was over, but then he volunteered, "At Pemberley, I have several walking paths. The one that circles the park is more than ten miles in circumference." Elizabeth wondered why he offered that information. Was he suggesting that she might visit Pemberley one day or was he merely stating a fact? She asked, "Do you walk it often? "Not as often as I should. When I wish to escape, I go riding." That made sense. She said, "I am not a horse woman." He looked at her, surprised. "You don't ride at all?" "No. Everyone else in my family does, but horses–" She hesitated before finishing the sentence. "Frighten me," she blurted out. "There I have said it, and now you may despise me if you wish." She raised her chin defiantly, wondering what he would say. "I do not despise you." There was a softness in his eyes when he looked at her that made her uncomfortable. She made a point of looking out the window again instead of at him. He said, "My sister Georgiana also did not like to ride. She was afraid of falling. But I insisted that she take more lessons, and now, she is completely comfortable." Elizabeth supposed he was right and that further lessons might help her, but she said only, "How old is your sister?" "She is sixteen years old. Since the death of my parents, I am her guardian as well as her brother." Elizabeth had never thought of Darcy acting in a parental role. From his comment, he seemed to take his duty seriously. "Ah. She is a little younger than my sister Kitty. Is she out?" There was a brief expression in his eyes that she could not decipher. He said, "No. She is still young to be mixing in company. She is currently attending school in London." "Does she like it?" "I believe so. Did you ever attend school, Miss Bennet?" "No. I was educated at home – some by my mother and more by my father." "Is your father a scholarly man?" "No, but he is definitely bookish. He reads primarily for enjoyment." Darcy said, "I believe that is the mark of a gentleman – one who can read for pleasure." "One who can read or one who does read?" He smiled. "You have caught me out, Miss Bennet. Obviously the later. As you've no doubt seen, many men can read but do not take the effort to expand their education." Elizabeth thought no one would say that of Mr. Darcy. He appeared to be a man of information. She was about to comment, when Miss Bingley interrupted them. "Miss Eliza!" she exclaimed. "What are you doing in the library?" "I came for a book," Elizabeth said and held up her volume of poetry. "And Mr. Darcy?" "I as well," he said smoothly. Miss Bingley looked between the two of them as if trying to discern the depth and nature of their chance meeting. "Well," she said finally, "Louisa and I wished to take a walk and wondered if you would like to join us." Elizabeth did not want to appear rude, so she accepted the invitation. "Yes, I would enjoy that. You have lovely gardens here." "And you, Mr. Darcy?" Miss Bingley prompted. "The path is not wide enough for four, but we can easily walk in pairs." Darcy looked as if that prospect did not agree with him. He said, "Perhaps another day. I will seek out your brother instead." X x x As Darcy walked away from the library, he decided that he should not allow himself to speak at length with Elizabeth Bennet. She was too great a temptation. If he were not careful, he might find himself falling in love with her, and that would be most unacceptable.
DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 CHAPTER FIVE Jane coughed and blew her nose. "I think I am feeling a little better," she said hopefully. "You look a little better," Elizabeth agreed. "Your nose isn't quite as red as it was before." Jane groaned and fell back in the bed. She covered her face with her hands, making Elizabeth laugh. "You are still beautiful, whether you are ill or well. It is most unfair," Elizabeth teased. "Now you sound like our mother," Jane accused. Mrs. Bennet often praised Jane, calling her the beauty of the family. "No, I speak the complete truth." Jane coughed again and propped herself up on one hand. "Well, at least it is only Mr. Bingley's sisters who come to visit. At least Mr. Bingley has not seen me." Elizabeth smiled, "Yes, for it would most improper for him to see you while you are in a bedroom, no matter how well you are bundled up. However, I have seen him loiter in the hallways nearby, hoping to hear more of how you are faring." Jane brightened. "Truly?" "Truly. He asks about you ten or more times every day." Jane smiled. She said, "And what about you? How do you feel spending so much time with Miss Bingley, Mrs. Hurst and Mr. Darcy?" Jane knew that she didn't particularly like any of those people. Elizabeth said, "Mr. Bingley's sisters are as I expected, but Mr. Darcy is proving to be a surprise." "In what way?" Elizabeth thought of their conversation in the library. "I find that I might not dislike him as much as I did before. He improves upon acquaintance." "That is good to hear," Jane said. "I feel sure he must be a good man if he is close friends with Mr. Bingley." Elizabeth did not share her sister's trust in Bingley's judgment. She thought it more likely that Darcy controlled their friendship with Bingley being a willing lackey. She said, "It does not matter, for it is unlikely that Mr. Darcy will stay in Hertfordshire long. He has his own property and obligations." Jane said, "I hope Mr. Bingley stays for a while." Elizabeth smiled. Jane would not admit directly that she was falling in love with Mr. Bingley, but it was clear to Elizabeth that she was beginning to care for him. In another day Jane was feeling good enough to join the rest of the party after dinner. Mr. Bingley paid special attention to her, making certain the fire was piled sufficiently high and arranging her chair on the other side of the fireplace so she could not feel a draft from the door. Bingley then sat down beside her and talked scarcely to anyone else. When tea was over, Mr. Hurst suggested playing cards, but Miss Bingley declined. Elizabeth busied herself with another book and Mr. Darcy wrote a letter to his sister. Miss Bingley hovered nearby, pestering him with comments and questions. She complimented him on the speed of his writing and his penmanship. She offered to mend his pen, which he declined. Twice she asked him to tell his sister that she longed to see her. Elizabeth watched their interaction with amusement. Caroline Bingley was doing everything in her power to make Darcy notice her and yet she could not see that her efforts were not appreciated. Elizabeth noticed how Darcy's jaw tightened with irritation when Miss Bingley spoke, although when necessary, he answered her with cool politeness. It occurred to Elizabeth that as a gentleman of means, he must have to discourage many young women who set their caps at him. How tiring that must be. But then again, as a man, he could go wherever he pleased whenever he pleased. He could always retreat to Pemberley. Miss Bingley, tired of trying to engage Darcy's attention, suddenly got up and walked about the room. Her figure was elegant, and she walked well, but Elizabeth was amused to see that Darcy ignored her. Miss Bingley turned to Elizabeth and said, "Miss Eliza Bennet, let me persuade you to follow my example and take a turn about the room. It is most refreshing." Elizabeth said, "Thank you for the offer, but I am happy with my book." Miss Bingley frowned and then walked over to the pianoforte to play some Italian songs in an emphatic manner, which woke Mr. Hurst. "What? What?" he said abruptly, sitting up straight. "I must have fallen asleep." Mrs. Hurst said, "Shh, Caroline is playing." "I can see that," he said irritably. "I'm not deaf." Bingley and Jane continued to whisper among themselves. After a few minutes, Darcy finished his letter and walked over to where Elizabeth was seated. He idly looked at some of the books on the table beside her but eventually chose none and sat in a chair beside her. Miss Bingley looked up from her instrument, annoyed by the present seating arrangement, but she continued to play. Elizabeth tried to focus on her book, but she could not. She looked at Mr. Darcy and said quietly, "I begin to see the advantage of playing cards." He smiled. "Yes, it gives people something to do when they have little in common." "Are many evenings at Netherfield like tonight?" "Yes." He looked at her. "How do you spend your evenings at Longbourn?" Elizabeth said, "Often one of us will read aloud while the rest of us sew. We are a house of women and there is always something to mend or hem." "At least that is a useful activity. What of your father?" "He sometimes plays backgammon or chess." Darcy said, "Do you play chess?" "Yes." He said, "Would you play a game with me?" "I will gladly, if you can find a board." Darcy went over to Bingley to talk to him and Miss Bingley, having finished her song, asked Elizabeth if she would play a song as well. "Perhaps later," she agreed. "After Mr. Darcy and I play a game of chess." Miss Bingley looked at her sourly and said, "Very well." She then began another song, a Scottish air this time. A footman procured the necessary board and pieces and within a few minutes, Elizabeth was seated at a small table across from Mr. Darcy. They played in silence for a while. Darcy drew in his breath when Elizabeth took one of his bishops. "I did not expect that." Elizabeth smiled. "That was my aim." "Obviously." He looked at her closely. "There is more to you than meets the eye, Miss Elizabeth Bennet." Elizabeth sensed that there was more to him as well. She said archly, "Did you expect me to be a poor player?" "Not exactly." "But you thought you would be the better player." He looked slightly uncomfortable, then sighed and said, "I have never met a young woman like you." She was intrigued. "In what way am I unique?" He moved one of his pawns forward and for a moment, she thought he would not answer, but then he said, "You delight in provoking me to say something that will make me appear to a disadvantage." She smiled. "Of course. You said once that you always mean what you say. I am merely determining the parameters of your honesty." "And you said that truth must be tempered with tact, so I will be quiet now." Touché, Elizabeth thought. After this, they played for nearly an hour in silence. Miss Bingley at one point came by and said, "I would love to learn how to play chess," but neither of them commented and she walked back over to where her sister sat playing with her bracelets. At the end of the game, Darcy said "checkmate" and Elizabeth set her king on its side. "Well played," she said as she scooted her chair back and rose to her feet. "Thank you for not letting me win." He put the chess pieces back in their decorative box. He said, "Did you think I would?" She considered the matter. "I wasn't certain if you would consider playing at less than your best to be chivalrous." "If you were my sister, I might," he admitted. "Does your sister play chess?" "Not yet. But if I did teach her, I would want her to enjoy the game and not be discouraged by a quick loss." "That seems reasonable." "But I thought that you would prefer an honourable defeat over a false win." Elizabeth raised her chin. "That is correct." Bingley, walking by them, said bluntly, "Darcy doesn't like to lose." "Does anyone?" Elizabeth asked. X x x After Jane and Elizabeth retired upstairs, Miss Bingley said, "I never realized that my education was lacking." "Whatever do you mean, Caroline?" Bingley asked. "You and Louisa spent years at one of the best schools. You know French and Italian and more history than I." "I see I should have studied chess as well." "It is not hard to learn the basic moves," Bingley said. "Perhaps you could teach me, Mr. Darcy?" Miss Bingley asked pointedly. "It is too late tonight," he said politely. "Perhaps another day." "Thank you." When Bingley was across the room, she added in a quiet voice. "I could not help but notice how you were fascinated by Miss Elizabeth Bennet tonight." Darcy said only, "I admire her fine mind." "Is that all?" Darcy's irritation grew. "No, I also admire her fine eyes." "Fine eyes? I am all astonishment," she said. "I did not realize she had become such a favourite of yours. And pray when am I to wish you joy?" Darcy knew that she was teasing him, but he did not want to join in her humour. "You presume too much," he said stiffly. "A man can admire a woman's eyes without wanting to marry her." Miss Bingley smirked as if she had won a match. Bingley not catching all of their conversation, said, "I agree. Miss Elizabeth does have pretty eyes. I prefer the colour of her sister's eyes, though. Miss Bennet has the prettiest eyes I've ever seen." A/N - I love the idea of people falling in love over a chess board. Two such situations? Emily Blunt as Queen Victoria in THE YOUNG VICTORIA and Carla Kelly's MARIAN'S CHRISTMAS WISH (one of my favorite Regency Romance rereads).
DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 CHAPTER SIX That night as Elizabeth braided Jane's long blonde hair, Jane asked, "Did you enjoy playing chess with Mr. Darcy?" "I did. He was a worthy opponent." "He seemed more convivial tonight." He did, but Elizabeth did not want to talk about him. Instead she asked, "What of Mr. Bingley?" Jane said slyly, "He is always convivial." "That's not what I meant. You and he spoke quite a bit tonight. What did you talk about?" Jane sighed happily. "We talked about my health, of course, and the weather. But then he asked more about our family and I learned about his. His mother died when he was eleven and his father died two years ago. He is closest to an uncle in Somerset." Elizabeth nodded. Talking about family was good because he might be thinking of adding Jane to his family. "What else?" "He talked about his favourite dogs and asked me if I approved of Netherfield." "Approved? Did he say approved?" Jane blushed. "I think so." "What did you tell him?" "I told him it was a lovely house. Then we talked about curtains and carpets. He said he wished his library was larger and we talked about books." Jane smiled. "He has read everything by Mrs. Radcliffe." "Well," Elizabeth said, "If I did not like him before, I would definitely like him now." "I like him," Jane said quietly. "Very much." "I knew it," Elizabeth cried and hugged Jane until she coughed. Then they both looked at each other and laughed. "I think perhaps Mama was wise after all," Elizabeth said. "As much as you have not enjoyed being ill, it has given you and Mr. Bingley an opportunity to get to know each other better." Jane said, "I think I am well enough to go home now." "I agree. Although I am enjoying the respite, I don't want to stay past our welcome. And by that, I mean Miss Bingley's welcome. I don't think Mr. Bingley would mind if you decided to stay a month." Jane blushed. Elizabeth continued, "So tomorrow morning, I will write to Mama and ask for the carriage to be sent for us." "I think that is best," Jane agreed. In the morning, however, Mrs. Bennet wrote that the carriage was not available – they could not possibly have it before Tuesday. "Tuesday?" Jane said. "That would make it a week." Elizabeth let her breath out slowly. "She also states in the postscript that if Mr. Bingley and his sister press us to stay longer, she can spare us." Jane said, "What should we do?" Elizabeth said, "We must see if we can borrow Mr. Bingley's carriage." The request was made at breakfast and Mr. Bingley was concerned that it might be too soon for Jane to travel until she was completely recovered. More conversation followed, and in the end, it was decided that they would spend another full day at Netherfield and return to Longbourn after church services on Sunday. Elizabeth was happy. She was not in a hurry to return home. In truth, the hours of quiet, without Lydia, had been restorative. She felt a renewed sense of contentment with a hope for the future. She also looked forward to more conversation with Mr. Darcy, but he seemed altered at Saturday's breakfast. Other than giving her the barest civilities, he did not single her out. He made no move to speak with her, saying less than ten words to her the entire day. When she suggested a walk outside, he declined. When she met him by chance in the library, he stared at his book and did not even look at her. After half an hour of sitting in the same room with her, he left with just a nod of farewell. She thought his behaviour was odd, but perhaps she did not know him very well. She knew that some men could be mercurial, but she had not expected it of him. She was a little disappointed, but then shrugged it off. She reminded herself that it did not matter what Mr. Darcy thought of her. X x x It took all of Darcy's self-control not to speak to Elizabeth Bennet. Miss Bingley's comments Friday evening had alarmed him. He immediately realized how foolish he was behaving and how his behaviour might appear to others. He was resolved that he should give no further signs of any admiration for Elizabeth. He did not want to give her unreasonable expectations or make himself a subject of ridicule. Steady to his purpose, he ignored Elizabeth as best he could on Saturday and on Sunday morning. The Bennets departed after Sunday morning service, to his great relief. Miss Bingley said she was glad to have fewer guests. "It will be so much cosier in the evenings." Bingley said several times that he hoped Miss Bennet had not gone home too soon and that her health would not suffer. "It was just a cold," Miss Bingley said sharply. "It wasn't as if she had consumption." Mrs. Hurst laughed. "No, indeed." Bingley blanched. "Is that even possible?" "No," Darcy assured him. "If Miss Bennet were in any danger, Mr. Jones would have warned her."
DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 CHAPTER SEVEN Elizabeth and Jane were not welcomed home very cordially by their mother. Mrs. Bennet said that they should not have given Mr. Bingley the trouble of sending them home, and she was certain Jane would catch cold again. She was sent directly to the morning room to lie down on a couch and rest. Mr. Bennet was happy to see them and said that the evening conversation had lost much of its animation and almost all of its sense with their absence. "I missed you, too," Lydia said to Elizabeth. "We went to play cards with Aunt Philips one night, and it wasn't the same without you." Elizabeth sensed that Lydia's expression was sincere, and she felt a twinge of guilt for being so happy without her twin. She said, "Well, I am home now, and if you like, we can walk to Meryton together. We could call on the Lucas's." Lydia clapped her hands. "I'd like that, but first, one of us must change." She motioned to their dissimilar day dresses. That day, Lydia was wearing a pale blue striped dress and Elizabeth was wearing a yellow sprigged muslin. "I will change," Elizabeth offered. As she walked upstairs, Mrs. Bennet cornered her to learn more of her visit to Netherfield. "Did Mr. Bingley get to speak with Jane?" "Yes, several times." "Excellent," Mrs. Bennet said. "I hope he proposes soon because the suspense is making my heart flutter." She clutched her hands over her breast. Elizabeth did not know how to respond to that, so she merely said gently, "Please do not let it worry you." "Worry? Of course I worry. How can I not worry with five daughters to marry and no sons? When your father is dead, this house will go to his detestable cousin and if none of you are married, what will become of us?" Elizabeth had heard her mother's fears for years. She said, "I am certain at least one of us will find a husband." "When?" Mrs. Bennet said. "Jane is already twenty-two and you and Lydia are twenty. I don't understand what is taking so long. Particularly with Jane. All of you except Mary are pretty, but Jane is a true beauty. I don't know why none of the gentlemen of our acquaintance have proposed." "Perhaps our social sphere is too limited," Elizabeth said. "Perhaps we should go to London and stay with the Gardiners." She smiled, imagining her mother standing the five of them on a street corner, each holding a sign that read Eligible young lady, suitable for marriage. Mrs. Bennet tsked her tongue. "Your father won't hear of it. He thinks it is nonsense. He doesn't realize that you are all getting older and becoming old maids!" Lydia, overhearing the conversation said, "Do not worry, Mama. I will find a husband before the year is out." "If only that were true, it would be the best Christmas gift." "Do you already have someone in mind?" Elizabeth asked Lydia when they were alone. She had never noticed that her sister preferred any particular gentleman – she and Kitty flirted with all the army officers – but perhaps her sister had been discreet. "No, not yet." "Then please, Lydia, do not be rash. Be careful." Elizabeth opened her closet and removed a blue striped dress. Lydia laughed. "I do not need a second mother, Lizzy." "Remember the old saying Marry in haste; repent in leisure." Lydia scoffed. "I prefer to gather daffodils while I may." Mary, walking by Elizabeth's bedroom said seriously, "I think the flowers in Mr. Herrick's poem are rosebuds, but I suppose the sentiment is the same, regardless." Lydia said, "I prefer daffodils. Roses are so commonplace." Elizabeth removed her old dress and pulled the new one over her head. Both Mary and Lydia helped her with her sleeves and fastening her ribbons. Lydia smiled when she saw Elizabeth in a matching dress. "You look very nice." Elizabeth smoothed her long skirt with her hands. "Thank you." She looked in a mirror on the wall where she could see herself and Lydia standing beside each other. They were like two peas in a pod. "I am glad to have you back," Mary said. "Is Jane still ill?" "She has a cough, but she is feeling much better." "Good," Mary said kindly. Feeling generous, Elizabeth asked, "Would you like to come with me and Lydia to call on the Lucas's?" "No, thank you," Mary said. "I would rather practise the pianoforte." After Mary left, Lydia said in a confidential whisper, "It will be better with just the two of us." X x x The following morning, Mr. Bennet announced at breakfast that his cousin Mr. Collins who would one day inherit Longbourn, would be arriving that afternoon to stay for nearly two weeks. Mrs. Bennet nearly choked on her toast. She gasped and coughed until she was nearly blue in her face and when she finally could speak, she said she could not bear to hear that man's name. "I did not expect his name to be the death of you, my dear," Mr. Bennet said dryly. "But he is our guest, and I hope we will all be hospitable." "I will do my duty, sir, and no more," Mrs. Bennet announced. Her opinion softened, however, soon after Mr. Collins arrived. He was a tall, heavy looking young man of five and twenty with a grave and stately air. He complimented everyone and talked a great deal about his patroness, Lady Catherine de Bourgh. Apparently, she had advised him to marry and he was of a mind to obey her every wish. He made it clear that it was his intention to choose one of his Bennet cousins to make amends for being the future heir to Longbourn. As soon as Mrs. Bennet heard this, she eyed Mr. Collins as a future son-in-law. She sat next to him, smiling, and introduced him to each of her daughters. He first had some thought of courting Jane, but Mrs. Bennet let him know that Jane might soon be engaged elsewhere, so he shifted his attentions to Elizabeth and Lydia. "Which of your twin daughters is the elder, ma'am?" he asked Mrs. Bennet. "Elizabeth, but we call her Lizzy." Mr. Collins said that Lady Catherine did not approve of nicknames. Elizabeth thought she was beginning to not approve of Lady Catherine but wisely kept that thought to herself. The following day, Mr. Collins accompanied her, Lydia, Jane and Kitty in a walk to Meryton. Mr. Bennet had encouraged the jaunt because he was weary of Mr. Collins' constant conversation. During the walk, Mr. Collins provided a steady stream of pompous nothings. Jane was polite and sometimes commented in response, but Elizabeth did her best to ignore him. When they entered Meryton, Lydia wanted to look at bonnets in a shop window. They were met by an officer, Mr. Denny and a new gentleman they had never seen before. Mr. Denny asked their permission to introduce them to his friend, Mr. Wickham. "Oh, yes," Lydia said happily. "Please do." In the next few minutes, they learned that Mr. Wickham had just come from Town and had accepted a commission in the militia. Mr. Wickham was a handsome man with a fine countenance, a good figure and a very pleasing address. Having been introduced to both her and Lydia, he confessed that he would have a difficult time telling them apart. "I shall have to get to know you better to decide which of you I like best." Lydia giggled and Elizabeth flinched. She often wished that Lydia was not so easily amused. She sounded like a giddy schoolgirl rather than a proper young woman. As they stood talking pleasantly, they were interrupted by Darcy and Bingley who were riding down the street. The two gentlemen came directly towards them and greeted them. Bingley told Jane that he was on his way to Longbourn to inquire about her health. Darcy bowed, but said nothing. Elizabeth was standing in such a position that she was able to see Mr. Darcy and Mr. Wickham when they recognized each other. Both changed colour, one looked white, the other red. Wickham after a moment, touched his hat in salutation, a gesture which Darcy just barely returned. From the look of distaste on Darcy's face, it seemed that there was bad blood between the two men. Whatever could it mean? Darcy then turned away. Bingley gave his farewells and followed after him. Elizabeth wished she knew more, but it would be impolite to ask Wickham. He looked a little shaken by the meeting, but then he smiled as if it were of no great importance. Mr. Denny and Mr. Wickham then walked with them to Mr. Philips' house where Elizabeth's aunt greeted them cordially and invited them to come in. The officers declined and Lydia was sad to see them go. "Do not fret," Mrs. Philips said. "For I shall have Mr. Philips invite them to dine tomorrow night and you may all come as well!" Later that evening, Elizabeth asked Jane if she had noticed the strange look on Mr. Darcy and Mr. Wickham when they met each other. Jane confessed that she had not. "I only had eyes for Mr. Bingley." Elizabeth wished to know more and looked forward to seeing Mr. Wickham again.
DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 CHAPTER EIGHT The next evening, Elizabeth and Lydia wore white gowns with gold braid on the sleeves and under the bodice. At the last minute, Elizabeth put a thin gold chain around her neck, which could distinguish her from her twin. When Lydia saw it, she frowned, but since they were already in the family carriage, there was no way for her to wear a necklace as well. Kitty wondered out loud if Mr. Wickham would be wearing a red coat. "Of course he will," Lydia said. "He is a lieutenant now." "Who is Mr. Wickham?" Mrs. Bennet asked, and Lydia explained. "Do you think he has an income?" Mrs. Bennet asked. "I would have no objections to any one of you marrying a smart young colonel with five or six thousand a year." Elizabeth glanced meaningfully at Jane for both of them knew that the odds of any soldier being so wealthy was slim. Mr. Collins said, "Such an income would indeed be a blessing, but remember that it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God." Mrs. Bennet said, "Yes, well, but there are no camels in England." "I believe there is a camel in the Tower of London," Mary said. Mrs. Bennet said sharply, "We don't need your book learning tonight, Mary," which effectively ended the conversation. Once they arrived, Mrs. Philips greeted them, and Mr. Collins went off towards the card tables. When Mr. Wickham walked into the room, Elizabeth heard Lydia sigh. "He is just the type of gentleman I like best – tall with dark hair and blue eyes." "Shh, he will hear you," Elizabeth warned. "I don't care if he does," Lydia returned, and they were rewarded with a smile from that gentleman as he approached them. "Miss Elizabeth, Miss Lydia," he said formally. "How pleasant to see you again." Elizabeth noticed that many of the other women in the room watched him as well. He was easily the most admired man in the room. For a few minutes they spoke of inconsequentialities – the weather. It was a wet night and they discussed how long they thought a rainy season would last. Lydia asked him to join her in a game of lottery tickets, which he did, but the game did not require all his attention and he continued to speak to Elizabeth. Lydia, becoming engrossed in the game, eagerly made bets and exclaimed over prizes, momentarily distracted. Elizabeth wanted to ask Mr. Wickham about Mr. Darcy and was surprised when he brought up the subject himself. He asked her how far Netherfield was from Meryton and then how long Mr. Darcy had been staying there. "About a month," Elizabeth answered. "He is a man of very large property in Derbyshire, I understand." Wickham said, "I know the estate well. Pemberley. I was born there. In truth, Darcy and I grew up together." Elizabeth was surprised by this revelation. "But I thought –" she began, then caught herself. "No doubt you noticed the cold manner of our meeting yesterday." "I did notice it," she admitted. Wickham leaned forward and lowered his voice so he would not be overheard. "It is a great sorrow to me that the man I once considered my closest friend now wants nothing to do with me. You see, my father was the late Mr. Darcy's steward, and Mr. Darcy was my godfather. He took an interest in me and paid for my education. He wanted me to become a clergyman and went so far as to leave me a living in his will, but when he died, the present Mr. Darcy refused to honour the bequest." "Good heavens!" Elizabeth exclaimed. "How could he do that?" "There was a vagueness in the description, leaving me no recourse by the law." "But that is wicked." Wickham said, "All I can surmise is that someone spoke ill of me, poisoning Mr. Darcy's mind against me." Elizabeth nodded. "I am sorry to hear that." Wickham said, "Fortunately, I am not one to hold a grudge, and I now have a new career that may be better suited to my talents." Elizabeth thought he was remarkably good natured not to resent Mr. Darcy. She said, "If you grew up at Pemberley, you must know Mr. Darcy's character." "I do." Elizabeth said, "Then answer me this. Does he quickly change his mind?" "In what way?" "I recently spent four days visiting Netherfield and at first, I thought Mr. Darcy was quiet but friendly. But then, two days later, he seemed to change his opinion of me, not even wanting to speak to me." Wickham nodded. "Yes, I have seen that. And not only with myself. I have seen Darcy cut other acquaintances off abruptly." "What do you think could be the reason?" Wickham said, "It could be anything. It could be as simple as the knowledge that Mr. Philips, an attorney, is your uncle. Or someone could have maligned you." Elizabeth could well imagine Miss Bingley saying something against her. "I see." "Don't let it unduly upset you," Wickham said. "Darcy is so exacting; he wouldn't approve of Prinny himself." Elizabeth smiled, as she knew what Mr. Wickham intended, but the truth was, she didn't particularly approve of the Prince Regent herself and wished that he lived with more propriety. Later, the card tables were set aside, Mary played some Scottish airs, and there was some dancing in Mrs. Philip's drawing room. Wickham danced with Lydia first and then with herself. Elizabeth thought he was an excellent dancer and a most intelligent, charming young man. On the way home, Lydia said to Elizabeth that she liked Wickham better than any man she had ever met. Elizabeth thought that for once, she and Lydia were of a similar mind, but she did not express her opinion aloud. That evening, as she and Jane prepared for bed, Jane said, "Mr. Wickham seemed to spend most of the evening speaking to you and Lydia." "Perhaps because twins are a novelty." Jane looked at her closely. "Will it break your heart if he prefers Lydia to you?" Elizabeth considered the matter. "I don't think so," she said finally. "I like him, but my heart is not engaged. And if, having met us both, he prefers Lydia, then I don't want him." Jane nodded sagely. "That is reasonable." Elizabeth sighed. Not for the first time, she wished that she and Jane were twins instead of she and Lydia. X X X "Darcy, would you like to come with us?" Bingley asked. Darcy saw that his friend was wearing a long coat and his sisters were wearing heavy pelisses and gloves. They wore poke bonnets. "Where are you going?" "To Longbourn to personally invite the Bennets to our ball." Arrangements for the ball had been discussed extensively for the past two evenings. Darcy knew that a servant was currently delivering invitations to the other guests, but he supposed that Bingley wanted to see Jane Bennet again. Darcy could not blame him. He would enjoy seeing Elizabeth again, as well, but he knew that would be unwise. He took a deep breath, pushing down the urge to join them. "No, thank you. I will stay here and read." Bingley nodded. "Very well." Miss Bingley said, "I don't look forward to spending time with Mrs. Bennet, but Miss Bennet is a sweet girl and I think the level of our friendship deserves recognition." Mrs. Hurst said, "That is the trouble with families. So often one likes only one member and is forced by politeness and proximity to endure the presence of everyone else." Miss Bingley agreed. Darcy was of a similar mind. Bingley was one of his closest friends, but he would be happier if he never had to speak with Miss Bingley and the Hursts again. Mr. Bingley said staunchly, "I see nothing wrong with Mrs. Bennet." Love has made you blind, Darcy thought.
DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 CHAPTER NINE Mr. Bingley and his sisters did not stay long when they delivered their personal invitation to the ball, but Mrs. Bennet considered it a compliment to Jane that they had taken the effort to visit instead of merely sending a card. "Mark my words," she said after they left. "Jane will be engaged before the new year." Lydia twirled around the drawing room saying that she would dance every dance with Mr. Wickham. Mary said, "You cannot. Mama says that unless you are engaged, you may not dance more than two dances with the same gentleman." "Oh, pooh," Lydia said. "No one notices all that during a ball." "If you dance every dance with Mr. Wickham, it will be noticed," Elizabeth said dryly. And besides that, she wanted a few dances with Mr. Wickham herself. Mrs. Bennet said, "You must be careful, Lydia. As much as I want you to enjoy yourself, I don't want everyone to gossip." Mr. Collins said, "Cousin Lydia, I hope that you will save at least one dance for me. I hope to be honoured the hands of all my fair cousins in the course of the evening." Lydia made a face, but after Mrs. Bennet's prompting, she agreed with ill grace that yes, Mr. Collins could have one dance. "But not the supper dance." "Thank you," Mr. Collins said formally and then turned to Elizabeth. "I am hoping to share the supper dance with you, Miss Elizabeth." By reserving the supper dance, he would be her partner at the meal as well, something she wished to avoid. She said quickly, "I think it is best to wait until the night of the ball itself to make plans." Mr. Collins sputtered, not knowing how to handle her rejection. "But you will dance with me," he persisted. "Yes," Elizabeth agreed. She then tried to change the subject by asking Lydia what dress she wanted to wear. Mr. Collins grew tired of their talk about laces, ribbons and shoe roses and went to find Mr. Bennet in his library. The next few days it rained, preventing anyone from walking to Meryton so there were no visits, no officers, no news to entertain them. Mary practised on the pianoforte and Kitty and Lydia played numerous games of cards. Mr. Collins read out loud from Fordyce's Sermons and Elizabeth spent time in her bedroom reading Amelia. On the day before the ball, Elizabeth came downstairs to speak to Jane, who seemed surprised to see her. "Oh," Jane said. "I thought you went walking." "In this rain?" "Yes, for you had an umbrella, but I suppose now that it must have been Lydia I saw." Elizabeth frowned. Lydia rarely took solitary walks and certainly never in such weather. She made a point of watching for her twin's return and found her slipping into the house from the kitchen door an hour later. Mrs. Hill helped Lydia with her coat and wet bonnet strings, saying, "Miss Elizabeth, be sure to change into a dry dress. I don't want you to catch a cold like Miss Jane." "I will," Lydia said docilely, then startled when she saw Elizabeth watching her. A guilty look crossed her face. Elizabeth did not want to air her grievances in front of their housekeeper, so she took Lydia's arm in hers and said, "Come, Lizzy. I think we need to talk." Lydia accompanied her upstairs to her bedroom. Once the door was closed, Elizabeth said, "What sort of game are you playing?" Lydia shrugged. "Does it matter if Hill thinks you took a walk instead of me?" "Not particularly, but you know I don't like it when you pretend to be me." Lydia said, "I don't know why you care. It's not as if I don't tell everyone eventually. It is just a game. A joke." "I don't like it," Elizabeth repeated. "I never pretend to be you." "That is because you lack imagination." Elizabeth knew that she could easily pretend to be Lydia, but she never wanted to. She continued, "And what could possibly be the advantage of pretending to be me taking a walk in the rain?" Lydia did not answer her, and Elizabeth guessed, "You didn't want anyone to notice." Lydia said, "It doesn't matter. I'm home now and no one will care." Elizabeth eyes narrowed with suspicion. "Where did you walk?" "Here and there." "Were you meeting someone?" Lydia said quickly, "No, of course not," and Elizabeth suspected that she was lying. When Lydia was fifteen, she had met secretly with one of their tenant farmer's handsome sons until their father found the guilty pair one day in the barn. Lydia promised that they had done nothing more than talk, and the matter was quickly hushed up for neither of them were in a position to marry. The son was sent away to London to learn a trade and the matter was forgotten. Mr. Bennet did not tell Mrs. Bennet for he knew she could not keep a secret, but he had told Elizabeth to keep an eye on her twin sister. "You may look alike, but you are wiser than Lydia. Try to set an example for her." Elizabeth thought it unfair that her father expected her to be Lydia's keeper, but if Lydia was going to pretend to be her, she wanted her behaviour to be circumspect so it wouldn't reflect badly on herself. Elizabeth said, "Tell me the truth, Lydia." "Promise you won't tell Father." "I can't promise that. Especially not if you are doing something dangerous." Lydia scoffed. "It is not dangerous to fall in love." Lydia thought she was in love? Elizabeth groaned. "Please tell me you are not meeting Mr. Wickham." Lydia looked guilty again and said, "He loves me, Lizzy." "If he truly loves you, he would speak to Father and ask for your hand in marriage – not sneak about in the woods like a thief." Lydia said, "You are jealous because he loves me rather than you." Elizabeth knew there was some truth to her words. She was offended to think that such a charming young man preferred her silly sister to herself. She said, "Has he kissed you?" "Once." Elizabeth raised one eyebrow. "Only once? How many times have you met with him privately?" "Twice now," Lydia admitted. Elizabeth did not want to doubt her sister's morals, but she had to ask, "Has he taken other liberties?" Lydia acted as if she were offended. "Whatever do you mean, Lizzy? Mr. Wickham is an officer and a gentleman." Elizabeth said, "I just don't want you to have a child." Lydia said, "Don't worry. I won't be so foolish. Wickham is going to marry me." Elizabeth had never heard Lydia so determined. She said, "I know you want to marry, but this is not the proper way to find a husband." "I love him." "Love? You hardly know the man." "I know that I love him," she persisted. "I think I fell in love with him the first day we met." "Love will not pay the bills," Elizabeth said simply. "You must be wise, Lydia. Is Mr. Wickham capable of supporting a wife?" "He has prospects," Lydia assured her. "And if Mr. Darcy hadn't taken away his living. . ." "He would be a clergyman in Derbyshire, and you would have never met him," Elizabeth supplied. Lydia said, "Wickham told me everything about that. He said that he believes Mr. Darcy is his half-brother and that's why Darcy hates him." "Good heavens. Is that true?" Elizabeth thought of both men – they were of a similar height and colouring, she realized. But were they half-brothers? Lydia nodded. "Wickham said that Mr. Darcy Senior did not love his wife, he loved his mother instead. Don't you think that is romantic?" "If it is the truth, I think it is wicked," Elizabeth said sharply. "A gentleman should not seduce his steward's wife. But at this moment, I am more concerned that Mr. Wickham might be seducing you." Lydia said petulantly, "If Jane were secretly meeting Bingley, no one would complain." "Mr. Bingley would not do anything to harm Jane's reputation." "And Mr. Wickham will not harm mine, as long as you don't tell anyone." Elizabeth said, "I'm afraid I must tell Father." "Oh Lizzy, no," Lydia cried and wrung her hands. "You can't. Not today. If you do, he won't let me go to the ball tomorrow. And I must go." "To see Wickham, I presume." "Yes. He promised me the first two dances and he said he would talk to Father, asking to call on him in the morning." Her words came out in a rapid tumble. Elizabeth hesitated. If what Lydia said was true, would another day or so matter? "Has he asked you to marry him?" "Yes." "And he said he would talk to Father?" "Yes." Elizabeth did not know whether she should believe Lydia who had a habit of telling others what they wished to hear. But Lydia was still her sister and she seemed sincere. Elizabeth said finally, "Very well. I won't talk to Father yet, but you must promise me that you will have no more secret meetings." Lydia nodded. "I promise." Elizabeth decided that she would watch Lydia closely over the next few days. And after the ball, she would decide if she needed to speak to her father about Lydia.
DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 CHAPTER TEN Upon entering the drawing room at Netherfield, Elizabeth looked in vain for Mr. Wickham among the cluster of red coats there assembled. "I don't think he is here," she said quietly to Lydia. They were both wearing rose-coloured gowns with blonde lace at their décolletage. Elizabeth had considered wearing a necklace again but had not wanted to upset Lydia, so she had left it at home. She said, "I wonder if Mr. Bingley did not invite Mr. Wickham at Mr. Darcy's request." Lydia was not concerned. "No. I know he was invited, and he promised he would be here. Perhaps he is late." But when he did not appear for another fifteen minutes, Lydia confronted his friend Mr. Denny. Mr. Denny said that Wickham had been obliged to Town on business that day. Elizabeth thought it likely that his business was an excuse to avoid Mr. Darcy. "Business?" Lydia repeated. "What kind of business?" Mr. Denny said, "It is of a romantic nature." Lydia said, "Whatever do you mean?" Mr. Denny lowered his voice. "I believe Wickham is planning to buy a ring. An engagement ring." Lydia flushed happily and glanced at Elizabeth over her shoulder as if to say, "See? I told you that Mr. Wickham was in love with me." Mr. Denny finished, "For Miss King." Lydia gasped, "What?" Her voice was shrill. Mr. Denny said, "It will be common knowledge soon, but I suppose I should not have told you." "Is Mr. Wickham engaged to Miss King?" Elizabeth asked carefully. Mr. Denny nodded. "Yes. Wickham already spoke to her uncle. I think Miss King is waiting on the ring before she makes a formal announcement." Lydia sputtered. "But how? Mr. Wickham doesn't even know her." Mr. Denny said, "He has been meeting her privately." Lydia looked as if she might burst into tears, so Elizabeth quickly wrapped her arm around her shoulders and said, "Come, Lydia. I want to show you the gardens." Together they walked across the drawing room's decorative parquet floor to large French doors that looked out onto Netherfield's gardens. They did not step outside for the weather was cool, but they could see the lawn and some lanterns. Lydia said, "There must be some mistake. Wickham loves me. Not Miss King. How could he love her? She's a nasty freckled thing." "Shh," Elizabeth warned. "Lower your voice, please, if you don't want to everyone to hear." They were standing apart from the other guests, but voices could carry in a ballroom. "But he loves me," Lydia repeated. Elizabeth said gently, "Mr. Denny may be mistaken, but I have heard that Miss King recently inherited ten thousand pounds." Lydia said, "And you think Wickham chose her because of the money?" Elizabeth said, "Handsome men as well as plain ones must have something to live on." Lydia said, "How could he do this to me? I hate him." She pulled a handkerchief out of her reticule and dabbed at her eyes. Elizabeth thought that anger might be a better response than sorrow. She said, "Please, do not let him upset you. He is not worth your tears." "No, he is not," Lydia said bravely. At this moment, Mr. Collins approached them. "The music is starting. May I have this first dance, Miss Elizabeth?" he asked. "No, this is not a good time," Elizabeth said, trying to be polite, but wishing that he were somewhere else, anywhere else but by their side. "What of you, Miss Lydia? Would you like to dance?" Lydia glared at him and before she could answer, Elizabeth said quickly, "Why don't you ask Miss Lucas for the first dance?" Mr. Collins said, "Is that what you wish?" "Yes, please." She tried to wave him away. He bobbed his head in a bow. "Then I will do as you request and dance with your friend." After he left, Lydia said, "Don't marry him, Lizzy. He is a toad." "Don't worry, I won't." Lydia sniffed. "Mama wants you to." "I know. But I must do what makes me happy, even if it makes Mama unhappy." Marriage was for life, and she would not become leg shackled to a man she could not trust or admire. Lydia nodded, then said, "Do you think Mr. Collins would take Mary instead?" "I don't know. Would she have him?" "I think she likes him." Elizabeth was surprised that Lydia had noticed Mary's preference when she had not. "I find that incomprehensible, but I suppose it is best that we don't all like the same things in a man." Lydia dabbed at her eyes again as if remembering Wickham, but then she straightened her shoulders. "I refuse to cry," she declared. "And I will dance every dance. I won't let anyone know that I have a broken heart." "Good for you," Elizabeth said. "I'm proud of you." Lydia smiled and squeezed her hand. "Thank you, Lizzy. X x x Darcy watched Bingley dance with Miss Bennet and looked around the ballroom until he saw Elizabeth standing by the French doors. Her sister Lydia was dancing with an officer, so she was standing alone. He was somewhat surprised that another gentleman had not already snatched her up. Darcy walked towards her, rehearsing what he wished to say. There was something about Elizabeth that often left him tongue tied like a callow youth. "Hello, Miss Bennet," he said with a bow. "May I have the honour of the next dance?" For a moment she looked as if she would refuse to dance with him, as she had refused once before when they were at Lucas Lodge, but then she said, "Yes, thank you." As they took their places for the dance, they stood for some time without speaking a word. She commented on the musicians and he agreed that they were good. Then she smiled and said, "It is your turn to say something now, Mr. Darcy. I talked about the musicians, and you ought to make some kind of remark on the size of the room or the number of couples." Darcy smiled. She had a delightful sense of humour. She was clever without being sharp. He said, "I am happy to say whatever you wish." She said. "Very well. That reply will do for the present. We can be silent now." "Do you talk by rule then while you are dancing?" "Sometimes. One must speak a little or else it may look odd." "You do not strike me as the kind of person who cares overmuch what other people think." She looked surprised by that. "Of course I care somewhat. I would not like to be the subject of gossip or censure." "I meant only that you appear to have an independent mind." She nodded. "Then I will take that as a compliment." Darcy thought he had never enjoyed a dance as much as he was enjoying this one. They made their turns together with her hands in his, and then they went down the dance past the other couples to the ends of the two lines. Now they would again watch the other couples take their turns. He asked her if she and her sisters often walked to Meryton. "We do," she said. "It provides entertainment as well as exercise." He said, "When I met you the other day, I noticed that you were forming a new acquaintance." Her chin lifted. "We were." He said, "Please forgive my presumption, but I must warn you about Mr. Wickham. He is well-mannered, but he is not to be trusted." "In what way?" In every way, Darcy thought, but he knew that the dance floor was not the proper place or time to outline all of Wickham's sins. He said carefully, "He is ruthless and has been known to take advantage of young women." He looked at Elizabeth directly, hoping that she would believe him. She said only, "He has said uncomplimentary things about you as well." Given their history, it was to be expected. Darcy said, "I am not surprised. He and I were once friends, but we are not friends now." She said, "Without all the facts, it is difficult to know whom to believe." "You are correct, and that is wise, but I only warn you to be on your guard." For a next few minutes, they were silent, and he could tell that she considering his words. She said finally, "I doubt we will see much of him, for he is rumoured to be engaged to Miss King." "I presume Miss King is an heiress?" "Ten thousand pounds." Wickham must be desperate if he was willing to consider such a sum. Darcy said, "Thank you for telling me. Perhaps I should warn Miss King as well." "You would do that?" He said honestly, "I would not wish Wickham upon anyone. He will make a poor husband." "Surely that is for Miss King to decide." "With more facts, yes." Elizabeth looked troubled but she did not comment further, and then they were interrupted by Sir William Lucas who appeared close by, attempting to pass through the set. Sir William was a large, jovial man who spoke twice as much as anyone wished to hear. When he recognized the two of them, he bowed formally. He said, "Mr. Darcy. I have been most highly gratified this evening. Such superior dancing. It is evident that you belong to the first circles and your fair partner does not disgrace you." Darcy nodded, wishing that the man would move along quickly, but that was an unrealistic hope. Sir William continued, rattling on. "I hope to have this pleasure often repeated, especially when a certain desirable event shall take place –" At this he glanced over at Bingley and Jane Bennet who were sitting together. "Eh, Miss Elizabeth?" She had the grace to look embarrassed and said, "I don't know what you mean, sir." Sir William winked and smiled. "I know. I know. We shall wait until the banns are read. But then what congratulations will flow in!" Darcy was astonished. Was everyone in Meryton expecting Bingley to marry Miss Bennet? Sir William certainly spoke as if it was a foregone conclusion. Darcy knew that he must warn Bingley as soon as the dance ended.
DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 CHAPTER ELEVEN Elizabeth wished that Sir William would keep his pleasantries to himself. She saw Darcy's countenance change when Sir William hinted at a future engagement between Bingley and Jane. Darcy's jaw tightened and he looked over at his friend Bingley with a serious expression. After that, neither of them spoke as the dance continued. When it ended, they parted, Elizabeth to find Lydia to tell her what Darcy had said, and Darcy presumably to find Bingley. When Elizabeth finally spoke to her twin sister by one of the punch bowls, Lydia defended her favourite. "It is certain that Mr. Darcy and Mr. Wickham dislike each other, but I am more likely to believe Wickham. I think he has been treated abominably." "Have you forgiven him for wanting Miss King instead of you?" Lydia said, "No, but I understand it. If I had ten thousand pounds, he'd want me instead." Elizabeth was not certain what to think. Mr. Wickham had all the appearances of a good man – warm and engaging, but his recent behaviour towards Lydia gave her pause. A good man would not court two women at the same time. And Mr. Darcy, for all his pride and reserve, had seemed honestly concerned for Miss King. When they spoke, she had wondered if Wickham was his half-brother, but of course, she could not ask him. She said to Lydia, "Perhaps it would be best to forget all about Mr. Wickham." "You are right," Lydia said. "My heart is broken, but I must act in my own best interests, just as Wickham has done." There was hint of ruthlessness in Lydia's sentiments that bothered Elizabeth, but she was grateful that Lydia was not crying. At this moment, Mr. Collins appeared again, eager to dance with Elizabeth, and she did not know how to refuse him again, so she followed him out onto the dance floor. The next two dances were tortuous. Mr. Collins, awkward and solemn, did not attend sufficiently to the steps of the dance. He often moved wrong without knowing it and then apologized profusely, making everyone look at the two of them with either amusement or sympathy. This was one of those times that Elizabeth did care what others thought of her. She was mortified, and once she was free, she walked out the French doors to the garden. She did not care if it was cold outside, for she wanted to be alone to forget her embarrassment. She wrapped her shawl around herself and walked away from the building towards some decorative bushes and several marble statues. Elizabeth stopped for a moment at the feet of Athena and looked upward. Athena wore a flowing dress and there was a helmet on her head that glowed pale in the moonlight. Athena was supposed to be the goddess of wisdom, and Elizabeth wished that she had more wisdom. She could hear the faint musical sounds of the orchestra from the house, but she could also hear two gentlemen talking on the other side of a tall hedge. "I don't care if everyone thinks that I will propose to Jane Bennet because I have every intention of doing so." That was Mr. Bingley and his words warmed Elizabeth's heart. He did love her sister and he wished to marry her. Darcy interjected with a curt, "When?" "As soon as the time is right." "After your trip to London?" Bingley hesitated and when he spoke, he sounded uncertain. "Actually, I have decided that I don't need to go, not just yet." Darcy made a rude noise of exasperation. Bingley said, "What is the problem?" Elizabeth knew that she should not eavesdrop, but she could not help herself. She stepped closer to the hedge to hear their conversation clearly. Darcy said, "I've seen you in love before, Bingley, and your infatuations never last." "This time it is different." "That is what you said last time." Elizabeth felt some unease at the mocking scorn in Darcy's words. Was Mr. Bingley fickle?" Bingley said, "I know it sounds foolish, but this time, I feel differently. I have never met a woman as beautiful and sweet as Jane. I would be a fool to let her go." "She doesn't love you." Elizabeth gasped and had to cover her own mouth to keep from exclaiming. Darcy continued, "She is polite, nothing more." "You are mistaken," Bingley said. "She does not look at you with any particular attention," Darcy continued. "You may have wondered why I stood by, observing you both earlier tonight. Your partiality was clear, but Miss Bennet does not feel the same. Her manners are open and cheerful, but she looks at you the same way that she looks at Sir William Lucas." "No," Bingley said, echoing Elizabeth's own thoughts. She wanted to interrupt, to tell Bingley that Darcy was mistaken. Jane was naturally reserved, particularly in public, but that did not mean that her heart was not involved. Darcy added, "Truthfully, the only Bennet who loves you is Mrs. Bennet, and she loves your fortune." "That is unkind" "Is it? Tonight I overheard her telling Lady Lucas that once Jane marries you, it will throw her daughters in the way of other rich men." Elizabeth flinched at his statement, hating the implication that her mother was mercenary, but knowing that it was something her mother would have said. Darcy said, "Do not be blinded by Jane Bennet's beauty. Consider her family – her mother is vulgar and grasping, her father is intelligent but ineffectual. He has done nothing to keep his daughters from acting like hoydens and flirting outrageously. "Jane is not a hoyden. Neither is Elizabeth." "No, but if you marry Jane, her family will become yours. Do you want Mrs. Bennet continually in your drawing room? Do you want to pay for Mary's music lessons and for a London season for Lydia and whatever the youngest girl is called?" "Catherine," Bingley supplied. "They call her Kitty." Darcy said, "Even so. The burden of that family is not worth the benefit, particularly when Jane doesn't care for you." "You're wrong. I think she cares for me." Darcy said, "You are only twenty-two years old. I am six years older and I have seen more of the world. Believe me, you do not want to marry a woman who does not love you. How will you feel if you do marry her and a few years from now, Jane falls in love with someone else?" "Impossible." "Thus thinks every man who was ever a cuckold." Elizabeth gasped. How dare he say that about Jane! "That is uncalled for." Bingley sounded angry. Darcy said quickly, "I mean no disrespect to Miss Bennet. I am merely telling you what I have seen. Many high society families have miscellaneous children. And most marriages are more a matter of convenience than love." "I want to marry for love," Bingley said. "Then don't act in haste," Darcy advised. "Wait a few years until you find a young woman who truly loves you – and not just your fortune." Bingley said, "You really think that Miss Bennet doesn't care for me?" "Trust me. She is completely indifferent to you." At that moment, Elizabeth hated Mr. Darcy. How dare he interfere with his friend's happiness? Who did he think he was to judge the world and find Jane wanting? Jane who was the dearest, sweetest creature? Elizabeth stood for a moment, torn between wanting to speak up and not wanting to be discovered. Discretion won and she hurried back to the ballroom before Darcy and Bingley returned to the house. She would speak to Jane and see if there wasn't some way for Jane to show Bingley how she truly felt.
DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 CHAPTER TWELVE Elizabeth strove to hide her agitation with composure, but it was difficult. She marched into the ballroom, looking for Jane. It was clear to her that her initial impression of Mr. Darcy had been correct – he was proud and arrogant and thought himself superior to her family. Odious man. He was also manipulative, trying to persuade Bingley away from Jane. She wondered if Darcy, like Miss Bingley, wanted Bingley to marry his sister instead. Jane was speaking with Miss Bingley. As Elizabeth approached them, she heard Mary playing the pianoforte and singing for the guests, and her stomach sank. Mary had chosen music that was beyond her natural skill, and the result was painful. Her voice was weak and ill-suited to the material. Elizabeth saw a look of derision on Miss Bingley and Mrs. Hurst's faces. At the close of her performance, Mary accepted the guests' tepid approval and after a pause of less than a minute, began another song. Elizabeth looked at her father to entreat his interference, lest Mary should be singing all night. He took the hint, and when Mary finished her second song, said aloud, "That will do very well, child. You have delighted us long enough. Let the other young ladies have time to exhibit." Elizabeth flushed with embarrassment at her father's ill-mannered speech. No doubt, he intended to be humorous, but his sarcasm implied that all the other young ladies wished to exhibit themselves. She glanced at Darcy who by this time had re-entered the ballroom with Bingley. He wore a grave look of displeasure at her father's statement, and she wished that she and her entire family were elsewhere, where he could not judge them. Then to make matters even worse, Mr. Collins approached Mr. Darcy, bowed low, and introduced himself. Darcy was astonished by his impertinence and stood stiffly. As the man superior in consequence, it was his prerogative to initiate their acquaintance and determine its depth. Mr. Collins spoke so loudly that half the room could hear as he informed Mr. Darcy that he had just learned that Darcy was the nephew of his patroness Lady Catherine de Bourgh. Mr. Collins rattled on, ignorant of the fact that Mr. Darcy obviously did not welcome his familiarity. Mr. Collins paid his respects and informed Darcy that Lady Catherine had been in excellent health a week ago yesterday. After a moment, Darcy nodded coolly and excused himself. Elizabeth watched as Mr. Collins smiled, thoroughly pleased with himself. She wanted to hide her head in shame. It seemed that everything her family did that evening would only strengthen Mr. Darcy's disapproval. X x x Darcy drank a cup of punch as he looked out over the dance floor. As much as he wanted to ignore her, his gaze was drawn to Elizabeth. She was lovely tonight in a pink dress that bared her elegant throat. She did not wear any necklace, and he thought that the Darcy emeralds would complement the creamy colour of her skin. "I can guess the subject of your reverie," Miss Bingley said. Darcy knew she was unhappy with him because he had danced with Elizabeth and not with her that evening. He said, "I should imagine not." She said, "You are thinking, like me, that this ball was a mistake. Consider the insipidity and yet the noise., the nothingness and yet the self-importance of all these people." Miss Bingley was as insipid as any of her guests. He said nothing, and Miss Bingley continued, "I would love to hear your thoughts on the evening." He thought not. He said, "It is a ball, nothing more or less. And most people enjoy dancing." "But not you." "Not usually," he agreed. Miss Bingley said, "You seemed to enjoy dancing with Miss Eliza tonight." Darcy looked at her sharply. Did Miss Bingley think that badgering him was a way to shift his attentions from Elizabeth to herself? He said calmly, "Miss Elizabeth is a fine dancer." "She is adequate, I suppose, but there are finer points of the dance that require the tutorage of a superior dance master." "I disagree. Miss Elizabeth has a natural grace that overcomes any possible faults in her technique." From the pursing of her lips, it was clear that Miss Bingley did not want to hear him compliment Elizabeth. She said, "However, as a friend, I must warn you that by only dancing with her, you may be giving her unreasonable expectations." Now Miss Bingley had crossed the line of friendship. Did she think to school him in manners? He said, "In what way?" "As you danced with her tonight, I overheard some discussion suggesting that you had a tendre for Miss Elizabeth just as my brother has one for Miss Bennet. If you do not distance yourself, you may become trapped." At that moment, Darcy realized that being trapped by Elizabeth would be no hardship. He said, "It is not a trap if I go willingly." Miss Bingley's mouth gaped open in astonishment, but he did not stay beside her long enough to hear her response. He did not care what she thought. He did not care what anyone thought. He loved Elizabeth Bennet and he would not waste any more time with indecision. He wove through the crowd, looking for Elizabeth. X x x "I think Mr. Darcy is coming to speak with you, Lizzy," Lydia said slyly. She had just finished dancing with one officer and Mr. Denny was waiting for the next song. Elizabeth saw Darcy approaching from across the candlelit room and wished that a hole would open in the floor of the ballroom so she could disappear. "I don't want to talk to him," she said desperately, turning so that her back was towards him. "Why not?" Lydia said quietly. "I saw the way he looked at you when you danced together. I think he likes you." "Heaven forbid!" Lydia said, "I know you don't like him, but he is a wealthy man. Doesn't the prospect of jewels and fine clothes make him a little more attractive?" "No," Elizabeth said hotly. "I hate him. I detest the man. I want nothing to do with him. If only there was a way to avoid him." "Here," Lydia said, motioning to Mr. Denny. "Take my place. I know Mr. Denny would be happy to dance with you instead, wouldn't you?" Mr. Denny bowed. "It would be an honour Miss Elizabeth," he said and held out his hand for her. Elizabeth smiled at him and placed her gloved hand in his. "Thank you." She forced herself not to look over her shoulder and see what Darcy thought of her retreat.
DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 CHAPTER THIRTEEN Elizabeth was standing by her twin sister who then joined the dance with an officer. Darcy asked, "Would you care to dance again, Miss Elizabeth?" he asked. She looked at him for a moment, considering, then smiled and lifted her chin in a familiar way to challenge him. She said, "I think not. Perhaps later." He said, "Would you like something to drink?" "No, I am fine," she said carefully. "But I would like some fresh air. The garden, perhaps?" She let her words trail off, and Darcy's heart pounded. "Excellent idea," he said and offered her his arm. He could not believe his good fortune as she linked her arm with his. Together they walked around the ballroom and to the French doors that led outside. There were a few other guests outside on the lawn, but they were beyond earshot, so he and Elizabeth would have some privacy. He led her towards a row decorative hedges, then turned and faced her, taking one of her hands in his. Although there were some lanterns, her lovely face was half in shadows. He said, "In vain have I struggled. It will not do. My feelings will not be repressed. You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you." She looked surprised and her face coloured charmingly. As she stood silently, he poured out his heart to her. He explained that he had loved her almost from the first time he met her, but that he had fought against his feelings because of her family. He knew that her status in life was less than his own and that some of his friends and family would think he was mad to offer for her. "But it does not matter," he said. "I don't care about your relations. I don't care about your mother or your silly sisters. All I care about is you. Please say that you will marry me and make me the happiest of men." She smiled prettily at him. "I will." For a moment, Darcy stood there, overcome by happiness. He wanted to kiss her. He leaned forward and she reached upwards. Their lips met and instead of feeling joy, Darcy sensed that something was different. Elizabeth was warm and willing in his arms, but her hair did not smell of roses. She smelled different. Of lavender. He pulled back, confused, just as a few of Bingley's guests gathered round to congratulate them. "Is this an engagement?" a young woman asked. Elizabeth smirked and nodded happily. "It is. But of course, Mr. Darcy will have to speak to my father first and get his permission." Someone laughed and patted him on the back. "I don't think you'll have any difficulty there. Congratulations, sir." Darcy stiffened, not because he was offended by the man's familiarity, but because he had a sinking feeling that he had made a terrible mistake. "Elizabeth?" he asked as he looked down at her. For a moment, she looked frightened by his fierce tone, but then she laughed and tapped him with her fan. "La, sir. Don't even joke that you proposed to the wrong twin. I'm Lydia as well you know it." Darcy pulled away from her, horrified. For a moment, he felt that he might faint or even cast up his accounts. He staggered. "Are you all right?" one of the men asked as he reached out to steady him. Darcy angrily shrugged out of his grasp and straightened his coat. No, he would never be all right again. Darcy looked at Elizabeth's twin, the young woman who had tricked him into thinking that she was Elizabeth. Darcy felt as if he had been sentenced to the gallows. There was no getting out of his predicament. He had proposed to a gentleman's daughter before witnesses. He had kissed her. If he backed out now, his reputation as well as hers would be ruined. She could sue him for breach of promise, and she would win. Pemberley would be at risk. His actions could possibly harm Georgiana as well. Darcy ran his fingers through his hair, wishing that he could think clearly, that he could find a way to solve his problem. If only this were a dream. It felt like a nightmare. He had thought that marrying Elizabeth would horrify his friends and family but jilting her sister Lydia would be even worse. He glared at Lydia. "I must speak to your father." "Yes. Please do. Right away." He strode into the ballroom with Lydia hastily trying to keep up with her shorter legs. "Do not talk about this," he ordered. "Not until I speak to your father." He hoped, he prayed that there would be a way to extricate himself from this disaster. As he walked toward the card tables where Mr. Bennet was seated, Lydia waved at Mrs. Bennet and exclaimed, "Oh, Mama, I have the best news and you will never guess!" Mrs. Bennet followed after them. She demanded, "What is it, Lydia. And why are you with Mr. Darcy?" "It is a secret," Lydia said with a giggle. "But it won't be a secret for long!" Darcy saw that Lydia's behaviour was drawing attention. People around them were staring and whispering. He spoke through a clenched jaw. "Mr. Bennet, may I speak with you privately?" "Is that possible in a ballroom?" Mr. Bennet asked as he stood. Darcy said, "I don't think Bingley will mind if we retire to the library." Bingley, who had noticed their procession across the ballroom, was joining them as well. "Of course, I don't mind, but what is happening? I don't understand." Out of the corner of his eye, Darcy saw that Elizabeth had left the dance floor and was walking towards them. Lydia said loudly, "I am engaged. I am going to marry Mr. Darcy." Darcy should have known that she would not keep silent with such news. Mrs. Bennet grew pale and clutched her hands together over her ample bosom. "Truly? Good gracious, child. You and Mr. Darcy? Who would have thought it? Lord bless me! Only think! And is it really true?" By this time, Elizabeth was close. Her eyes grew wide and she looked at him as if to say as well – is it true? Darcy felt as if a dagger pierced his heart. He nodded briefly. There was a shriek and the sound of someone falling to the floor, which alarmed the crowd. Someone called for smelling salts. But it was not Elizabeth who fainted; it was Caroline Bingley who now lay on the floor in a tumbled pile of orange silk. Bingley knelt beside her. The ball had turned into a melodrama. "Mr. Bennet?" Darcy prompted and the two of them stepped out of the room into the hallway. In the background he could hear Mrs. Bennet speaking. "Oh, my sweetest Lydia! How rich and great you will be! What pin-money, what jewels, what carriages you will have! I am so pleased – so happy. Such a charming man! So handsome and so tall!"
DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 CHAPTER FOURTEEN Once they were both in the library, Darcy lit some candles and Mr. Bennet said, "I think we should both sit down, don't you?" Darcy wanted to bury his face in his hands and howl, but he did as Mr. Bennet suggested. They both sat in tall backed chairs, facing each other. For a long moment, they were both silent – Mr. Bennet waiting for him to speak – and Darcy not wanting to say the words that must be said. "I made a mistake," he said finally. "I proposed to your daughter Lydia thinking that she was Elizabeth." Mr. Bennet said, "Ah, that explains it. For a moment, I thought you had lost your mind." Darcy let his breath out in a sigh of relief that was almost a laugh. Thank goodness, Mr. Bennet sounded like a reasonable man. He said, "So what am I going to do?" Mr. Bennet said, "You are going to marry Lydia." Darcy startled, "But I thought –" Mr. Bennet held up his hand to interrupt him. "Believe me, I am sympathetic to your plight, but you have made your bed and you must lie in it." "I did not mean to propose to Lydia. I thought she was Elizabeth and she let me believe that. I called her Miss Elizabeth and she did not correct me." Mr. Bennet said, "And why should she? If you don't know the difference between them, you deserve to be hoodwinked." Darcy stiffened. "I won't marry her." Mr. Bennet said, "I don't think you have a choice." He was right and they both knew it. Darcy tried another tactic. "As her good father, how can you want me to marry Lydia when I love her sister?" Mr. Bennet said, "If I let you jilt her, I would not have a moment's peace from either Mrs. Bennet or Lydia. And it is not as if I could let you take Elizabeth instead because she dislikes you." Darcy was dumbfounded. "I beg your pardon? Why would you think that?" "You said she wasn't handsome enough to dance with. A girl doesn't forget something like that." His hasty words to Bingley now condemned him. Darcy saw that he was fool – first in not realizing how wonderful Elizabeth was, and second in mistaking Lydia for her. It seemed that he should have followed the advice he gave Bingley – to wait until he was older and wiser before he tried to court a young woman. He said, "Very well. I will marry Lydia if I must." Mr. Bennet said, "Her dowry is only a thousand pounds, but I assume that to a man of your wealth it does not signify." Darcy knew he would have taken Elizabeth with nothing, but he would go mad if he thought about his missed opportunity. He said, "I will have my solicitor meet with yours about settlements." "Thank you." Darcy stood. "If nothing more needs to be said, I will take my leave." Mr. Bennet said, "You may not want my advice, but I will give it." Darcy waited politely. It did not matter what Mr. Bennet said, but he would be his father-in-law, and there was no point in offending him. Mr. Bennet said, "From my observation and experience, I think very few marriages are happy. I recommend that you find some way to entertain yourself. Personally, I read." X x x In the midst of the pandemonium that was now Netherfield's ballroom, Elizabeth interrupted her mother's good wishes to speak to Lydia. "What has happened?" "I am going to marry Mr. Darcy," Lydia said brightly. Elizabeth could not believe it. She pulled Lydia aside to speak to her privately while Miss Bingley was being revived. "But you wanted Mr. Wickham." Lydia shrugged. "I hope I have the good sense to prefer a man with ten times his consequence." Was Lydia so mercenary? Then Elizabeth remembered what she had said about acting in her own best interests. And she knew that most people would consider marrying a man with ten thousand pounds a year to be wise. She said, "I am merely surprised. I did not think that either of you knew each other well enough to get engaged." "You are right. We hardly know each other at all, but we'll remedy that once we're married." Elizabeth did not know what to say. "Then I wish you happiness." Lydia said, "I know what you are thinking. You don't like Mr. Darcy, and you find it difficult to believe that I could like him. But the truth is, we are quite different. If I can't have Wickham, it doesn't matter whom I marry, so I might as well have a rich husband." Elizabeth supposed that made some sense. "I did not realize that Mr. Darcy cared for you." "Oh. He doesn't. Not yet, at least." Elizabeth frowned. "What do you mean?" Lydia laughed. "Don't tell anyone," she said quietly, "but he thought he was proposing to you." "Good heavens," Elizabeth breathed out, feeling faint. Mr. Darcy had wanted to marry her? She wanted to ask Lydia what he had said, but Lydia was saying, "It was such a good joke, I could hardly keep from laughing." Elizabeth stomach sank. "You can't trick a man into marrying you." "Of course, I can. Women do it all the time. And don't worry, we are enough alike that I don't think he'll mind." Elizabeth remembered the set look on Darcy's face and thought that Lydia was overly optimistic. He had been furious. Lydia said, "I don't know why you care, anyway. You told me that you didn't like him and that you didn't want anything to do with him." Elizabeth remembered her angry words earlier that evening. How long ago that seemed and now she wished she had been more reasonable and moderate in her expressions. She had been angry at Darcy because he wanted to separate Bingley and Jane, but now he was going to marry Lydia? Which was worse? she wondered. At this point, Darcy and her father returned to the ballroom. Darcy looked tired as if he had aged ten years. He spoke briefly to Bingley, saying that he was retiring to his bed and would be leaving Netherfield in the morning. "But Mr. Darcy," Mrs. Bennet cried, stepping forward. "What about your fiancée, my dear Lydia? I assume Mr. Bennet gave his approval of your suit?" Darcy bowed. "He did, ma'am, and I will marry your daughter in a year. Until then, I have other matters to take care of." "A year?" Mrs. Bennet exclaimed. "I don't believe in long engagements." Darcy's eyes narrowed and Mrs. Bennet, seeing his annoyance, quickly retreated. "Not that a year is too long, if that is what you two young lovers wish." She smiled at Lydia. "Don't worry, my dear. It will give us more time to plan the wedding clothes." X x x After Lydia's engagement and Miss Bingley's faint, the party at Netherfield dwindled to an awkward close with everyone leaving after a hurried supper. Elizabeth had a headache and was eager to go home. As the Bennets waited for their carriage, Mrs. Bennet invited Mr. Bingley to join them for a family dinner in the future, any time he wished, saying, "You do not need to wait on a formal invitation." Bingley was suitably grateful for the offer but informed her that he was obliged to go to London the next day. "And how long do you plan to be gone?" Mrs. Bennet persisted. "No more than a week," he assured her. "We will dine together then," she said happily. "And perhaps you can bring your friend Mr. Darcy back with you." Mr. Bingley looked uncomfortable. "I do not know his plans at the present time." Mrs. Bennet said, "I am sure he will let us know," and smiled at Lydia. "I think he may be going to get you a ring, my dear." This talk of rings made Elizabeth think of Wickham and Miss King, and Lydia must have been thinking something similar, for she frowned. During the carriage ride back to Longbourn, Mr. Collins said, "I did not want to speak earlier, but I feel that I must inform you that any engagement between Mr. Darcy and your daughter Lydia is impossible. Mr. Darcy is promised to Miss de Bourgh. I have heard it mentioned by Lady Catherine several times." Mrs. Bennet said flatly, "Well, her ladyship must be mistaken, because he said he would marry Lydia and we all heard it." "Perhaps he changed his mind about Miss de Bourgh," Mary volunteered. Mr. Bennet said firmly, "An honourable gentleman doesn't change his mind," which ended the conversation, although Mr. Collins muttered, "My point, precisely." Elizabeth said nothing, and she wondered what Mr. Darcy was feeling that evening. She hugged her shawl around herself, thinking that he had meant to propose to her. She wondered what she would have said if he had proposed. She had been so angry at him, she most likely would have refused him, but now, knowing that he had been deceived, she felt sympathy for him. No man, no matter how odious, deserved to propose to one woman and be forced to marry another. And she didn't think Lydia could make him happy. Despite his many faults, Mr. Darcy was an intelligent, cultured man. Lydia with her high spirits and lack of propriety would make him a terrible wife.
DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 CHAPTER FIFTEEN Two days after the ball, Jane received a letter from Miss Bingley, and it was opened immediately. The envelope contained a sheet of elegant, little, hot pressed paper, well covered with Miss Bingley's flowing handwriting. Elizabeth saw Jane's countenance fall as she read. "What is it?" Elizabeth asked. With all the excitement of Lydia's engagement, Elizabeth had not talked to Jane about Bingley. She did not know if there was anything she could say to make her sister's situation better. Jane handed her the letter and Elizabeth read: X My dear Miss Bennet: My sister and I had intended to remain at Netherfield for the holidays, but we have resolved to follow our brother to London and plan to dine in Grosvenor Street tonight. X From prior conversations, Elizabeth knew that Mr. Hurst had a house in Grosvenor Square. She continued to read: X When he left, my brother intended his visit in Town to be a short one, but I know that once he is in town, he will not be eager to leave. Particularly since he will be meeting with Miss Darcy. My brother admires her greatly and I think an engagement is soon to follow. Unlike Mr. Darcy, I doubt that he will wait a year to make her his wife. Rest assured that when he does marry, you will all be invited. By the time you receive this letter, we will be gone. I do not pretend to regret any thing I shall leave in Hertfordshire, except your society, my dearest friend, but until we meet again, I hope we will correspond freely and often. I wish you a most happy Christmas and a joyous New Year. Your dear friend, Caroline Bingley X When she finished reading, Elizabeth folded the letter. "Caroline intends to stay in Town, but that does not mean her brother will. He can return to Netherfield any time he wishes." Jane said, "But what about Miss Darcy?" Elizabeth knew that Mr. Bingley loved her sister, but that did not mean he would act upon his feelings – particularly with a good friend telling him to leave Jane behind. She said, "Honestly, I don't know." Jane said, "Don't tell Mama about the letter." "I won't," Elizabeth promised, although she did not think her mother would mind. Mr. Bingley had been surpassed by Mr. Darcy in Mrs. Bennet's affections. Lydia was her favourite daughter now, and all her conversations were about Pemberley, Darcy House, and anything else she could learn about Mr. Darcy. That evening, the family was invited to dine with Mrs. Philips again. Many of the officers were there, including Mr. Wickham. He stood near Miss King who was sporting a miniature ruby ring on her hand. Lydia said that it was quite pretty but that she was hoping for an emerald from Mr. Darcy. "As big a goose egg," she said as she held out her hand and wiggled her fingers. She gave a snide smile to Mr. Wickham. "Isn't it wonderful to have so many engaged couples!" Mrs. Philips said. "I wonder who will be next." She smiled meaningfully at Jane, who coloured and looked away. Later that evening, Lydia said to Elizabeth privately, "You won't believe what Wickham said to me tonight." "And what is that?" "He said he didn't blame me at all. Of course, I should marry Darcy if I had the chance." Elizabeth thought that was surprisingly civil of him and it suggested that his feelings for Lydia had never been deep. "He also asked that if I did marry Darcy, would I put a good word in for him about the living?" Elizabeth said, "What did you tell him?" Lydia smiled. "I said no, why should I? If he wanted a better income, he should find himself a better heiress." Elizabeth did not know whether she should admire Lydia's mean spiritedness, even if Wickham deserved it. "And what did he say?" She smirked. "He said that whenever he kissed Miss King, he pretended it was me." Elizabeth covered her eyes with her hand and shook her head. This was more information than she cared to hear. Wickham was a scoundrel. She said, "I think it would be best if you avoided Mr. Wickham in the future." "But how can I when we go to the same parties?" Elizabeth didn't have an answer for that. X X X On the final day of Mr. Collins' visit, they were all in the sitting room while Mr. Collins read to them from another book of sermons. Elizabeth was grateful that Mr. Collins seemed to have abandoned his plan of marrying one of his cousins, and Mrs. Bennet, so excited about Lydia's engagement, did not remind him. Elizabeth sat, hemming one of her father's shirts, when they heard the sound of a carriage coming up the drive. Lydia and Mr. Collins hurried to the window to look out. "I wonder who it could be," Lydia said, just as Mr. Collins said, "It is Lady Catherine de Bourgh. I recognize her crest." "Lady Catherine?" Mrs. Bennet said, flustered. "Why would she come here?" "I wrote to her," Mr. Collins said ominously. "Good heavens," Mrs. Bennet said. Within a few minutes, Lady Catherine was announced, and she entered the room. She was a tall woman, richly dressed, with iron grey hair and an imposing countenance. Mr. Collins performed the introductions at her request. "And which of these young ladies is Lydia?" she demanded "I am, your ladyship," Lydia said pertly. "I have heard a report of the most alarming nature, that you are engaged to my nephew Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy." Lydia beamed. "I am." "How did that come about?" At this, Mrs. Bennet answered, "In the usual way, my lady. They were at a ball." Lady Catherine scowled. "I don't approve of balls if they result in misalliances." Mrs. Bennet bristled. "Whatever do you mean?" Lady Catherine drew herself up. "I am well-known for my forthrightness and I will speak plainly. Mr. Darcy is a man of fortune with a respectable, honourable ancestry. He should not marry an upstart without family or connections." She turned to Lydia. "If you were sensible, you would not want to quit the sphere in which you have been brought up." Mrs. Bennet said, "Lydia is a gentleman's daughter." Lady Catherine turned on her. "Yes, but who are you, ma'am? And who are her aunts and uncles? Do not imagine me ignorant of their condition." Mrs. Bennet glared at Mr. Collins, who must have been the source of her information. He looked away guiltily. Lady Catherine continued. "I believe your daughter has drawn him in with her arts and allurements. In a moment of infatuation, he has forgotten what he owes to himself and to all his family." Lydia said, "I did not!" just as Mrs. Bennet said hotly, "I beg your pardon!" Lady Catherine was not deterred. She said, "Let me be rightly understood. This match, to which you have the presumption to aspire, can never take place. No, never. Mr. Darcy is engaged to my daughter. Now what have you to say?" "That would be bigamy," Mary said. "Hush, Mary," Mrs. Bennet said. "Unless he were a Mohammedan, and then he could have four wives." Lady Catherine sputtered. "Mr. Darcy is not a Mohammedan!" Elizabeth tried not to smile. This conversation was rapidly deteriorating. Mrs. Bennet said, "If Mr. Darcy is engaged to your daughter, he would not have made an offer to my daughter." Lady Catherine hesitated for a moment and then replied, "The engagement between them is of a peculiar kind. From their infancy, they have been intended for each other. It was the favourite wish of his mother, as well as mine. While in their cradles, we planned the union. And now, when they are of age, I will not let their marriage be prevented by a young woman of inferior birth with no fortune." "Ha!" Mrs. Bennet said. "Your daughter has no legal rights unless Mr. Darcy has made her a promise himself. We do not live in the Middle Ages, when parents could force their children to marry." "And you are mistaken. I have a dowry," Lydia argued. "It is one thousand pounds." Lady Catherine said, "That is nothing. I spend more than that on my shoes." This strange comment made all of them look at Lady Catherine's shoes. Lydia said, "Then you are overpaying, for they are quite ugly." Lady Catherine said, "Enough of your impertinence. I am here to let you know what will happen if you persist in your presumptions. If you marry Mr. Darcy, you will be censured, slighted and despised by everyone connected with him. Your alliance will be a disgrace. Your name will never even be mentioned by any of us." "Pooh," Lydia said. "I don't care." Elizabeth admired her bravery. Lady Catherine said, "I have never been so insulted in my life. You may know that I am not accustomed to being disappointed." Mr. Collins spoke up, saying, "If I may, I might suggest a solution." "Go ahead," Lady Catherine said. Mr. Collins got down on one knee and held out his hand to Lydia. "Cousin Lydia," he began solemnly. "If you wish, I will marry you and then Mr. Darcy can marry his cousin Miss de Bourgh." Lydia made a disgusted face and Mrs. Bennet said, "Don't be ridiculous. Why would she take you when she has Mr. Darcy?" Mr. Collins looked confused, and Elizabeth said, "You are all talking in circles. There is no solution here." Mr. Collins struggled to his feet as Lady Catherine said to Lydia, "Do you refuse to oblige me?" "I do." She said to Mrs. Bennet, "I blame you in this. Your daughter would not be so obstinate and headstrong if you had trained her properly." "Pooh," Mrs. Bennet said, echoing her daughter. Lady Catherine said, "I am by no means finished. I will know how to act. Mr. Darcy will never marry your daughter." At this, Mr. Bennet came into the sitting room. "What is all this fuss? I cannot read for all the noise you are making." "I assume this is Mr. Bennet," Lady Catherine said. "I am, and who are you, ma'am?" "I am Lady Catherine de Bourgh!" "Ah, the great lady herself. And are you here to meet your nephew's fiancée?" At this, Lady Catherine threw up her hands and stormed out of the room. "Come, Mr. Collins," she said angrily. "I do not want you to spend another night in this house of vipers." Mr. Collins said, "But I thought you wanted me to take a wife and I planned to marry one of my cousins." "If you marry a Bennet, I will throw you out of the Parsonage." Mr. Collins was quick to obey. He bowed to Mr. Bennet and Mrs. Bennet. "Please excuse my hasty leaving." "Mr. Collins!" Lady Catherine bellowed and he quickly followed after her. Within a few minutes, Lady Catherine's carriage pulled away from the house. "Good heavens," Mrs. Bennet said weakly as she sat on a couch. "What ever shall we do with Mr. Collins' clothes?"
DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 CHAPTER SIXTEEN The next day, Mrs. Bennet spoke to Elizabeth. "I am worried about what Lady Catherine may say to her nephew. That she will convince him not to marry Lydia." "That is a possibility," Elizabeth said. "Mr. Darcy is a proud man." Mrs. Bennet said, "And if he doesn't marry Lydia, what will happen to us? Mr. Bingley has gone to London, we don't know when he will return, and now Mr. Collins won't marry any of you, either." But, to Mr. Collin's credit, he had offered for Lydia, Elizabeth thought. Mrs. Bennet said, "I am thinking of writing and asking my brother not to come for Christmas this year." "But why?" The Gardiners came to Longbourn for Christmas every year. "I think that it would best for us to go to Pemberley for Christmas to remind Mr. Darcy that he has a fiancée." Elizabeth thought it unlikely that he had forgotten Lydia. She asked, "Has Mr. Darcy invited us?" "No." Elizabeth said, "Then I think we should stay home." She did not think he would welcome them if they suddenly arrived on his doorstep. Mrs. Bennet sighed. "That is what your father says." "Then why are you asking me what I think?" "You are your father's favourite. I hoped that if you spoke to him that he might change his mind." Elizabeth said, "I think we should be patient." "And wait for him to break the engagement?" Elizabeth said, "I fear that arriving without an invitation could also make him break the engagement." Mrs. Bennet nodded. "Perhaps you are right. I will have to think on it." Over the next few weeks, Elizabeth thought on the matter as well. It was difficult to hear Lydia boast about Mr. Darcy at every social gathering, accepting everyone's compliments and good wishes. Elizabeth thought it ironic that all of Meryton who had thought Mr. Darcy proud and disagreeable when he was single, were now willing to think of him as the best of men since he was engaged to her sister. But Elizabeth wondered what they said about him behind closed doors. In the end, Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner came to Longbourn for Christmas as originally planned. Mr. Bennet never minded their visits, for Mr. Gardiner was a sensible, agreeable man, and his wife was an amiable, intelligent, elegant woman. Mrs. Bennet had much to tell them – first that Lydia was now engaged to Mr. Darcy – and second, that Jane had been admired by Mr. Darcy's friend Mr. Bingley. "We thought he would propose, but he left for London and hasn't returned. But I have not given up home just yet. For with Lydia marrying his closest friend, Jane is sure to be much in company with Mr. Bingley again. I hope to see her married by next summer, or possibly at a double wedding with Mr. Darcy and Lydia in the autumn." Mrs. Gardiner knew a little of Darcy's family, for she had spent much of her youth at Lambton, a small town near Pemberley. When she mentioned that she had seen that great estate, Mrs. Bennet and Lydia asked her dozens of questions and were satisfied with the answers. Later, when Mrs. Gardiner was alone with Elizabeth, she asked her about Bingley. "Do you think he truly liked your sister, or was that just your mother's wishful thinking?" "No, he liked her," Elizabeth answered. "I overheard him say that he loved her, but then Mr. Darcy discouraged him, advising against marrying into our vulgar family and telling him that Jane did not love him." Mrs. Gardiner was surprised. "Poor Jane. That was badly done on Mr. Darcy's part, but since he is now engaged to marry Lydia, he must have changed his mind about your family." "Must he?" Elizabeth asked. "Personally, I think he thinks of us just as he did before – that is why he has left Hertfordshire." "Has he written to Lydia?" "Not a word." "And he plans to marry her next year?" "He agreed to a year-long engagement, but I think he is trying to avoid the inevitable." Mrs. Gardiner nodded thoughtfully. "You don't think he loves Lydia?" Elizabeth shook her head but did not verbally elaborate. "If he does not love her, why did he propose?" Elizabeth hesitated, not wanting to share Lydia's secret, but something must have shown on her face, for Mrs. Gardiner said, "Oh no. Had he meant to ask you instead?" Elizabeth nodded. It was a relief finally to tell someone. She hadn't even shared the facts with Jane. Jane, who thought it odd that Mr. Darcy had fallen for Lydia, but had said, "I suppose we shall never know why two people fall in love." "Oh, Lizzy, how terrible," Mrs. Gardiners said. "Did you love Mr. Darcy?" "No," Elizabeth said. "I did not. I didn't even know he liked me. He was always frowning at me and I thought he disapproved of me entirely. That is what is so strange about it. I didn't like him at all – I even hated him for what he'd said to Bingley – but now that he is engaged to Lydia, I think about him all the time." Mrs. Gardiner said, "That is not wise." "I agree, but how do I stop myself?" She often wondered if it had been a mistake not to wear a necklace the night of the Netherfield Ball. If she had, would he have noticed the difference between her and Lydia? "You are a sensible girl. Do not waste time thinking about what might have been." Elizabeth smiled. "You are right. I shall try to do better." X X X Darcy took Georgiana and her companion Mrs. Annesley to Pemberley for Christmas. They dined with some of their neighbours, but the season was relatively quiet for Darcy was in no mood for company. He was engaged to Lydia Bennet and he did not know how he was going to keep from marrying her. Every day he relived those moments at Netherfield Ball, cursing himself for not seeing the difference between her and Elizabeth. He had mistakenly thought that Lydia was dancing with the officer. And when Lydia smiled at him so winningly, he had believed what he wanted to believe – that it was Elizabeth who liked him. Elizabeth who wanted to go with him into` the garden. He should have known better. And now it was too late. Elizabeth was lost to him forever. Even if he could extricate himself from Lydia, it would be a scandal to go from one sister to the next. During this time, he received an unexpected visit from Lady Catherine de Bourgh. She declined any offers of refreshment and insisted on speaking with him privately. Judging from her pinched countenance, he anticipated that she was going to give him a lecture, and she did. She began harshly: "I never thought that insanity ran in the Darcy family, but I am reconsidering the matter. Heaven knows that your recent actions cannot be blamed on your mother's side." Although he could guess what had upset her, Darcy said, "To which actions do you refer?" "Your own heart, your own conscience must tell you why I am here." "Actually, I am at a loss. I planned to visit Rosings at Easter with Colonel Fitzwilliam and I did not anticipate seeing you earlier. I know how greatly you dislike travelling, especially during the winter." "Do not trifle with me, Fitzwilliam. You know I would brave a blizzard if I could prevent you from ruining your life and bringing scandal and disgrace to the Darcy name." "Ah. You must be referring to my engagement to Miss Lydia Bennet." She said, "I could not believe it when Mr. Collins wrote to me. I thought surely that he was mistaken, but when I went to Hertfordshire, I learned that it was common knowledge." Darcy could well imagine the scene. "Did you call on the Bennets?" "I did. I met the young woman and her mother. I will not call either of them ladies, for that would be a misnomer. Mrs. Bennet is vulgar and stupid, and her daughter is worse. I can only imagine that you must have been inebriated at the time." Darcy knew he had no such convenient excuse. "My state of mind is irrelevant because I am engaged to her." "And you cannot buy them off?" Darcy leaned forward. "Tell me, what do you think would be an appropriate recompense for jilting her when my income is more than ten thousand a year?" Lady Catherine shrugged. "I am not a solicitor, but there must be some way to extricate yourself." He was reminded of Mr. Bennet's response. "Actually, there is not." His only hope now was to delay the ceremony and pray that Lydia had a change of heart. Lady Catherine said, "I have a solution. You will marry Anne and Mr. Collins will adjust the wedding date so it appears that you were married before you proposed to that upstart." "Do you think Mr. Collins would falsify the documents?" "He will do whatever I tell him." Darcy knew that Mr. Collins was a spineless sycophant, but he had not expected his aunt to be so Machiavellian. He said, "No, thank you. As much as I appreciate the magnitude of your offer, I must decline. My engagement stands." Lady Catherine said, "What about Anne? You know she expects to marry you." "She does not," Darcy countered. "We discussed it years ago. Neither of us wishes to wed the other." "Then you are determined to ruin yourself?" "Apparently," Darcy said dryly. He knew he could never explain to his aunt the meaning of honour and the necessity of paying for one's mistakes. Lady Catherine rose to her feet. "Then I wash my hands of you!" she said shrilly. "I take no leave of you, Fitzwilliam. I send no compliments to your sister. Do not bother to come to Rosings at Easter for if you do, you will be turned aside. I am most seriously displeased!" Darcy watched her leave thinking that his engagement had one advantage – he would not have to go to Rosings that year. At dinner, Georgiana mentioned that she had seen Lady Catherine's carriage. Darcy sipped his wine. "She came, but then she left." "Did she not wish to stay?" "No." "I wonder why she came. Was it only to wish you a Happy Christmas?" Darcy did not want to explain himself, so he prevaricated. "She was travelling through the area." "How strange," Georgiana said, "But then, Aunt Catherine has always been a little strange." "Indeed," Darcy said. Later that evening, Georgiana asked if he was feeling poorly. He looked up from the cards in his hand and smiled at his sister. "No. Merely tired." It was after supper, and they were playing a game before retiring. Mrs. Annesley had already gone to bed. Georgiana set her cards down on the table. "Then we can play another time." "No," he said. "I don't mind playing." Cards gave him something to do with his hands and kept his mind occupied. He remembered Elizabeth joking with him about cards. "There it is," Georgiana said. "You look pained. Sad." "It is the poor condition of my hand," he joked. "You will win again." Georgiana sighed. "I understand that you don't wish to tell me all about your life, but I am not a child. You can tell me things. I would like to be a comfort and solace to you as you have been to me." He looked at her. Georgiana was a sweet girl and she meant well. He said, "There is nothing to say." "Nothing you wish to say," she muttered. "What is that?" "You are like Father," she accused. "I see that as a compliment." "You have often told me of his wisdom and his excellent qualities, but I did not see it myself. He was a quiet man, rarely saying anything to me except to comment on how tall I was growing and to tell me to be a good girl." "You were quite young. He did not know what to say to girls. I am certain he would have spoken to you more as you reached adulthood." "When I became more rational, you mean?" "Yes, if you must." "Did he speak more to Mother?" Darcy looked at her sharply. "Of course, he did," he said but then realized that as he was growing, he had observed few conversations between his parents except for commonplace observations. They had talked about meals and company and plans for future visits. There had been no conversations about books, politics, or religion. He remembered some conversations about new covers for the dining room chairs, but had his father ever shared details about his plans for Pemberley with his wife? His father had spoken often about such things to Darcy himself, but then it was part of his training so that one day he could maintain the estate. Good Heavens, he wondered now if his father had loved his mother. Darcy, with the ignorance of youth, had always assumed that it was so, but had they merely been polite strangers? His mother had died when he was eighteen, and he lost his father when he was twenty-three. Georgiana said, "When you marry, I hope you are more forthcoming with your wife." His future wife. Lydia Bennet. He frowned and said coolly, "I will treat my wife as I see best." "I am sorry," Georgiana said. "I did not mean to offend or to school you in your manners. It is just that I remember hearing Mother cry sometimes, and I would want a better life for you and your wife." Darcy was astonished. His mother had cried, and he had not known of it? Perhaps that was when he was away at school. He looked at Georgiana as he had never done before. He was accustomed to thinking of her as a child and suddenly she was an adult. He said, "Every life has some hardship and sadness." "Yes, but I think talking about things can help." "Sometimes that is true," Darcy said. "But not always." Georgiana respected his reserve and did not pester him further. They played cards in silence until it was time to go to bed.
DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 CHAPTER SEVENTEEN The Gardiners invited Jane to come with them to London in January and to stay several months. Mrs. Bennet was pleased because she was certain Mr. Bingley would call on her there. "Be sure to write to Miss Bingley and let her know you are coming to Town," she said to Jane at least a dozen times. "I have already done so," Jane assured her. Mrs. Gardiner offered to host Mrs. Bennet as well so she could go shopping, but Mrs. Bennet declined. "No, I will go later. First, Lydia and I must go to Pemberley." Elizabeth was startled to hear of these plans. "Did Mr. Darcy invite you?" "I don't know why you are so astonished, Lizzy," Mrs. Bennet said quickly. "He wrote to Lydia." Given their conversation a few weeks earlier, the invitation seemed conveniently timed. Later, Elizabeth spoke privately with Lydia. "Are you corresponding with Mr. Darcy?" Lydia looked guilty. "Why do you ask? He is my fiancé so naturally he can write to me." "Yes, but I was merely surprised because I hadn't heard of any letters arriving." Lydia shrugged. "It must have come one day while you were walking." Elizabeth did not believe her. The next day, she spoke to her father in his library. She closed the door behind her and sat in one of the large upholstered chairs. He said, "What is it, child?" "I am concerned about Lydia's trip to Derbyshire. Do you think it is wise for her to go?" "What do you mean?" She clutched her hands together as she said, "I hate to ask, but did you actually read Mr. Darcy's letter?" Mr. Bennet said, "I see what you are thinking. No, I did not. Lydia said she burned it." Elizabeth said, "That is odd." "Very odd, indeed," Mr. Bennet agreed. He did not call Lydia a liar outright, but they both knew that she was capable of telling fibs as she called them. He added, "But I couldn't very well write to Mr. Darcy myself to ask him if he had invited her." "No, I suppose not," Elizabeth said. "Do you think it would be better if you accompanied them?" "Absolutely not," Mr. Bennet said. "Darcy knows his duty and I'd rather not have the headache. You know I hate travelling." Not for the first time, Elizabeth wished that her father was not so indolent. She sighed. "Then I suppose there is nothing more to be done." Mr. Bennet said, "I don't envy Mr. Darcy. I don't think he and Mrs. Bennet will get along, but he should have considered that before he proposed to one of her daughters." Elizabeth flinched. Darcy had intended to propose to her. Her father added wryly, "But I am certain he has a fleet of carriages, and he can send Mrs. Bennet and Lydia back to Hertfordshire whenever he wishes." Elizabeth did not know how her father could be so sanguine and treat the matter as a joke. He added, "But if you think it would help, I will send you as well, to be a voice of reason." "Me?" "Perhaps you can temper your mother." Elizabeth thought that unlikely. "I think that might be even more unwise." "No," her father said. "I think it is an excellent idea. In fact, I will insist upon it. Go to Derbyshire, and you can tell me all about Pemberley when you return, for I will trust your descriptions." Elizabeth wished that she had kept her concerns to herself. X X X The day before they left for Derbyshire, they dined with the Philips' again. Wickham was there with many of the officers, but Miss King was not present. Mrs. Philips whispered that Miss King's uncle had come from Liverpool to take her away to stay. "Are they still engaged?" Elizabeth asked. "No one knows," Mrs. Philips answered. Elizabeth watched Wickham and thought that he did not look broken-hearted. Instead, he was at his most convivial. He played cards and conversed with the other guests as if he did not have a care in the world. But later, when they were drinking coffee, Wickham sat beside her. "I never realized you were such a jealous cat," he said quietly in low tones that only she could hear. Elizabeth frowned. "I beg your pardon?" "Don't act so innocent. I know it was you who wrote to Miss King." "I don't know what you are talking about." His eyes narrowed as he looked at her and then he said, "Forgive me, Miss Elizabeth. For a moment, I thought you were Miss Lydia." He excused himself, bowed, and walked over to where Lydia was sitting. He spoke to her as well, but Elizabeth could not hear their exchange. When Lydia heard him, she laughed and tapped his arm with her fan. He leaned down to whisper in her ear, then walked away quickly. Lydia smirked as if she were well satisfied. Later that night, Elizabeth knocked on Lydia's door. "Can we talk?" Lydia was still dressed when she opened her door. "What is it?" "What is going on between you and Wickham?" "Nothing." "It does not look like nothing. He thinks you wrote to Miss King." Lydia said, "What if I did?" "But why?" "I thought that if she was going to marry him, she should know what kind of man she was getting." "And what is she getting?" Elizabeth asked. "He doesn't love her. How could he? He only wants her for her fortune." As Lydia wanted Mr. Darcy for his fortune. Elizabeth said, "Did you tell her that he met with you in secret?" "Of course not. I told her of his debts." Elizabeth sat down on Lydia's bed. "Mr. Wickham has debts?" Lydia said, "That is why he wants to marry her. He has too many debts to marry me." "What kind of debts?" "Gaming mostly, although he owes some tradesmen as well." Lydia noticed the look of distaste on Elizabeth's face and said, "All the officers gamble, Lizzy. It is expected. And Wickham has had a run of bad luck." Elizabeth thought it strange that Lydia was defending him. "How do you know all this?" she asked. "He told me because he loves me." And she had told Miss King in a fit of pique or revenge. Elizabeth sighed. "I think it is best that we are leaving Hertfordshire. Mr. Wickham is not a good influence on you, Lydia." "Don't you worry about me. I know what I am doing." X x x Pemberley was a large, handsome stone building standing well on rising ground and backed by a ridge of high woody hills. "Oh, Lydia, look at that!" Mrs. Bennet said happily. "What a lucky girl you are." They travelled with Jack, one of their grooms, who sat up top with the driver, and Rose who sat with them inside the carriage. Lydia, who had grown quiet as their journey progressed, looked nervously at Elizabeth. "I wonder what Mr. Darcy will say when he sees us." Elizabeth wondered as well.
DARCY AND THE WRONG MISS BENNET by Jane Grix © 2019 CHAPTER EIGHTEEN "Sir?" Darcy glanced up from the account book he was reviewing to see one of his footmen in the doorway. "Yes? What is it?" His servants knew that he disliked being interrupted when he was doing sums. "Mrs. Reynolds says that there are some guests and she wants to know if she should send them away." "Why? What is the problem?" "There is a woman and two daughters. A Mrs. Bennet. And she says that one of them is your fiancée." Darcy felt as if he had been doused with cold water. Miss Lydia was here, and Pemberley was no longer his refuge. "Very well. Tell Mrs. Reynolds that I will join them shortly. Where are they?" "In the front hall, sir." "Have them wait in the breakfast parlour." "Yes, sir." He rose from his chair and put on his coat that was lying on another chair, taking the time to compose himself. He then walked quickly to the breakfast parlour. Mrs. Bennet and Lydia were there, as he expected, but Elizabeth was there as well, dressed exactly as her twin sister, looking embarrassed. His heart leapt when he saw her and he felt as if he were the one who should be embarrassed, for at a critical moment he had mistaken her inferior sister for her superior self. He expressed his surprise at seeing them and asked how long they planned to be in the area. "As long as you wish us," Mrs. Bennet answered. "It may have been years since Mr. Bennet and I were engaged, but I know that young lovers do not want to be separated." "I shall have rooms prepared," he said with cool politeness. There was no point in expressing his annoyance, for Mrs. Bennet would be his mother-in-law. X x x Darcy's housekeeper, Mrs. Reynolds, was an amiable, elderly woman. She provided light refreshment for them and then showed them to their rooms where they could change out of their travelling attire and prepare to meet Miss Georgiana. Mrs. Bennet exclaimed over the fine furniture and lofty ceilings as they walked upstairs. Lydia seemed impressed as well. "It is certainly a very large house," she said with a laugh. "I will have to pay attention so I don't get lost." Once in her bedroom, Elizabeth took time to look out the window at the beautiful grounds. Pemberley was as grand as Miss Bingley had said. Elizabeth felt a twinge of envy, thinking that of all this, she might have been mistress. But that was foolishness, for if Mr. Darcy had proposed that fateful evening, she would not have accepted him. She did not like him, and it should not matter that he had a most elegant home, tastefully furnished. Elizabeth had not known what to expect of Miss Darcy, and when they met, she immediately saw a family resemblance. Miss Darcy was tall with similar eyes to Mr. Darcy. But unlike her brother, her manners were warm and friendly. She seemed delighted to meet Lydia and exclaimed that she had always wanted a sister. "Tell me how you met," she said happily. "For my brother has kept you a secret." Lydia glanced briefly at the solemn faced Darcy, and then launched into a convoluted tale of their brief interactions. Elizabeth, not wishing to hear Lydia's lies, walked over to a small table where there was a chess set. She picked up one of the pawns, admiring the ornate carving. "Shall we?" She saw that Darcy had joined her. "Why not?" she answered. "And I hope to beat you this time." He smiled at her comment but said nothing. As they began to play, she said quietly, "I must apologize for my mother and sister. It is clear that you did not expect our arrival." "No, I did not, but considering their natures, I should have anticipated it." Elizabeth nodded. She did not know what else to say. They played in silence and this time, she did win, but Darcy seemed distracted by Lydia's chattering, so Elizabeth could not take triumph in her success. The next morning at breakfast, Darcy announced that he had business to attend to and would not see them until dinner. He suggested that Georgiana and Mrs. Reynolds give them a tour of Pemberley. Elizabeth enjoyed seeing all of the rooms, but after half an hour, Lydia was bored. "I don't care if the carpets are as old as Queen Elizabeth," she muttered. "And all the paintings look alike." And then in one sitting room, she glanced at a row of miniatures over a mantlepiece and exclaimed, "I can't believe it. It is Wickham." Elizabeth noticed that Miss Darcy startled at the name and looked pale, but she did not say anything. Elizabeth wondered if she had heard the rumour of Mr. Wickham being her half-brother. Mrs. Reynolds said, "Oh yes, that is a picture of a young gentleman, the son of the late master's steward. He was brought up by the master at his own expense." Mrs. Bennet looked closely at the portrait. "It is a good likeness." "Are you acquainted with the young man?" Mrs. Reynolds asked. "Yes, for he is in the militia stationed near our home," Mrs. Bennet supplied. Mrs. Reynolds nodded. "We had heard that he had gone into the army." Her mouth was set in a firm line as if there was more she would like to say but chose not to. Lydia sighed. "Of all the officers at Meryton, I think he is the most handsome." Even Mrs. Bennet who was often oblivious to the undercurrents of a conversation knew that this was a dangerous topic. She pointed out a miniature of Darcy that was also on the wall. "But surely, he's not as handsome as your dear Mr. Darcy," she said. "Look, here he is when he was younger." Lydia gave the picture a mulish glance. Elizabeth looked at the portraits of the two young men and thought that there was a similarity. Whether they were related, she could not tell, but it was not an impossibility. She said, "And this must be you, Miss Darcy," she said, referring to the third portrait. How old were you when this was drawn?" Georgiana said, "I was eight years old." "What a darling child you were," Mrs. Bennet said. "You remind me a little of my oldest daughter Jane. Was your hair lighter then?" "Yes, it was. Thank you." She looked uncomfortable and said, "I had forgotten these pictures. I am not often in this room." Mrs. Reynolds said, "This was the late master's favourite room and these miniatures are just as they used to be then. He was very fond of them." He would be fond of them if they were all his children, Elizabeth thought. "There is another larger, finer portrait of my brother in the gallery upstairs," Georgiana said. "I think you may like it even better, Miss Lydia." "Oooh, the gallery," Mrs. Bennet echoed with a meaningful glance at Elizabeth as if to say, Lydia is the luckiest girl. "Yes, we definitely want to see that." As they followed Georgiana, Elizabeth saw Lydia surreptitiously snatch the portrait of Wickham and put it in her pocket. "What are you doing?" Elizabeth hissed. "I'll put it back," Lydia promised. Elizabeth did not believe her. In the large gallery, Lydia took one look at the portrait of Darcy and then moved onto the others. Elizabeth stood for a while, staring up at the picture of Mr. Darcy. In it, he had a smile that she had sometimes seen when he looked at her. She stood several minutes before the portrait in earnest contemplation, wondering if he had truly loved her. Mrs. Reynolds said, "You needn't worry for your sister. He is an excellent man and he will make an excellent husband. I have never had a cross word from him in my life, and I have known him ever since he was four years old." Elizabeth was surprised by this praise. She said, "There are very few people of whom so much can be said." Mrs. Reynolds continued, "He is the best landlord and the best master that ever lived. He is not like the wild young men nowadays who think of nothing but themselves. There is not one of his tenants or servants but what will give him a good name. Some people call him proud, but I am sure I never say anything of it. To my fancy, it is only because he does not rattle away like other young men." Elizabeth smiled. "They say silence can be golden." "Indeed," Mrs. Reynolds said with approval.
