10 Chapter 1 Fitzwilliam Darcy came as close to slamming the door of his chambers at Rosings as he possibly could without arousing his aunt's suspicion. That she believes him! That she would trust him so implicitly over me. ME! Fitzwilliam Darcy; Master of Pemberley! He who has saved George Wickham's reputation and life from debtor's prison for the last five years, and longer. He tore off his cravat and tossed it onto the chair, certain Briggs his valet would be none too pleased with him. Yet he did not care. The one woman whose esteem he desired the most had championed Wickham. Wickham! He shook his head in disgust and walked to the window with measured steps, staring out into the ink black night. I have lived a life of honor, of responsibility, and she believes the words of a man whose illegitimate children Pemberley is still supporting! He snorted with derision and turned back towards the room, pacing with nervous agitation. Luck would have it that Richard and I were summoned by Aunt Catherine for the Christmas holiday. And then to have Elizabeth here with the newly married Mrs. Collins only a month since I left Hertfordshire? His hand slammed down on the writing desk as he passed it. "Miss Bennet, Darcy! She is not yours to think on as 'Elizabeth.' She made it quite plain to you this evening that she does not value the title of 'wife' by you!" He shook his head and slowly came to a halt, still not believing how the evening's events transpired. "Do I not know the heart of women? Or at least one worthy of being pleased?" Have I become so base? Always being chased by fortune hunting mothers and daughters that when a woman of substance is placed before me I cannot act in accordance with my values? Slumping down in the great chair, he leaned his head back and sighed deeply before whispering to the ceiling. "'You could not have made the offer of your hand in any possible way that would have tempted me to accept it.' Truly, Elizabeth? No possible way?" He reached over to the bottle of brandy on the table next to him and poured two fingers before downing it in one fiery gulp. No, this is how it should be. Elizabeth Bennet has no money or connections, but a mind and spirit that would send my world spiraling like a whirling dervish. It was providence that she…rejected me. And now I can leave Rosings cleansed of my fantasies of bringing her home as the mistress of Pemberley. "But Wickham," he spat standing up and walking back to the window, her words smoldering within him as he stared across the lawn. 'If your father had not had a son, Mr. Wickham could have fulfilled that role more admirably.' His jaw tightened at the thought. I wonder which version of his lies she was subjected to? Where I did not award him the living after my father's death or where I refused him any inheritance at all. Maybe both? Tapping the glass separating their two worlds, he looked down towards the parsonage and saw a dim light in the distance. Oh, Elizabeth. Darcy called for his valet, who seemed to be there within seconds. "Briggs, we will depart in the morning after we breakfast and I conclude a small matter of business." "Yes, sir." "Let Colonel Fitzwilliam's man know as well." "At once, sir." Waiting for the door to close behind him, he touched the window and traced the far-off box of light. As much as my pride is hurt, if I do nothing, her name will be added to the list of women soiled by his touch. I cannot allow that to happen. He walked to the writing desk and withdrew a piece of parchment while dipping his quill in ink. "If only I had not been born?" He snorted and then began writing... Be not alarmed, madam, on receiving this letter… XXXXX The early morning light had not yet reached the top of the woods of Rosings Park as she stood at the window of her chambers and watched him ride down the path, and out into the trees beyond. He was going to her. This man whom she had known the entirety of her life; whom she had been promised to since infancy, but whom she had not spoken to in years, was in love with another. In truth, she had spoken to him–– common civilities, nods of welcome, acknowledgments of his departure from her family home. But, not anything of substance; nothing of our likes or dislikes. Mama still expects us to unite our estates, but how can one have a unity of minds… Anne de Bourgh traced the glass with her finger, and sighed. "Or even of hearts when we do not speak?" Our future was the fancy of two sisters who did not consider the personalities and proclivities of the tiny infants in their cradles. It is impossible to give credence to the proclamations of my mother. However, they had not always been so distant, Anne and her cousin Darcy. There was a time when they were each other's confidants. He and Richard would compete to make her laugh; she would make them crowns of wildflowers and they would dance with her in the woods. But that was when we were children, and before Lady Anne died. Her death changed everything. "And it only increased my mother's ceaseless assertion I was to marry William." William of all people! Had she any sense, she would see he is not the cousin I am most suited for. He would not make me happy, and I am convinced I am the last woman in the world who would make him so. She gazed once more out the window before turning as she heard footsteps moving down the hallway outside her room. They grew closer and the faint sound of her cousin, Colonel Richard Fitzwilliam whistling as he passed her door sent a flutter through her. "There is but one man I wish to marry," she whispered to the closed door as the sound of him continued down the hallway. "But, although I am not in love with Darcy, I am not strong enough to stand up to my mother. And I fear I never will be. XXXXX The crunching of snow beneath her feet gave Elizabeth Bennet a small sense of power over the roiling emotions within. She had come to Rosings at the request of her dear friend Charlotte Collins, nee Lucas, after her husband, Elizabeth's cousin and the heir to her father's estate of Longbourn, had been sent to London at the behest of his patroness Lady Catherine de Bourgh. A month's separation is not conducive to matrimonial bliss. However, that great lady will not be ignored, and dear Charlotte would not leave her new parishioners during her first Christmas as their minister's wife. Elizabeth chuckled to herself, and determined that she must cut her walk short due to both the cold andher hope of not meeting with Mr. Darcy. She grimaced at the thought, knowing where all her anger rested. I could never accept such an arrogant man! He who at the village assembly, only two months previous, stated I was not handsome enough to tempt him? It was obvious he felt I was beneath his notice, yet he proposed? Does he think I could accept a man who had both ruined my dear sister Jane's hopes by taking the man she loved away from her, and was also so cruel to one who was raised as his own brother? Mr. Wickham did not choose his lot in life–– to be the poor son of the steward of Mr. Darcy's family estate. The benevolence of the Elder Mr. Darcy before his death had been spoken of by not only Mr. Wickham in his and Elizabeth's conversations, but also from her relations who had been raised not five miles from Pemberley. They had spoken of the Darcy's charity and love for the local townspeople. Did Mr. Darcy have no honor for his parents? For his family name? Did their benevolence not touch the cruel, stone-heart of their son, the current master? If only the elder Mr. Darcy had not had a son, Mr. Wickham's future would have been secure, and our little village would have not have been forced to endure months with Mr. Darcy! She continued to walk along, choosing a path which she seldom frequented to return to the parsonage, when turning a corner, she came face to face with the man himself. "Mr. Darcy!" She jumped back, uncertain if she should flee or attempt another awkward and stilted conversation. "Miss Bennet. I have been walking the grove with Ulysses for some time in the hopes of meeting you. Will you do me the honor of reading this letter?" She instinctively reached out and grasped the missive, as he bowed and turned back towards Rosings, before mounting his horse, and was soon out of sight. If anyone saw me accept that letter. She looked around and quickly stuffed it into her pocket hurrying towards the parsonage, all the while praying Charlotte was still out visiting her parishioners. After only thirty yards, the parchment was burning a hole in her pocket. She stopped along the road, and looked in all directions until she saw a small path leading into the woods. Following it a short distance, she wiped off a patch of snow from a fallen log, sat down and began to read… 'Be not alarmed, madam, on receiving this letter, that it may contain any repetition of those sentiments or renewal of those offers which last night were so disgusting to you. The writing of this letter could not, however, be avoided as charges were brought before me which I felt honor bound to defend— my character and very being demands it. 'The first charge dealt with my friend and your sister. I will answer that in the most concise manner possible, yet I fear you will mistake my meaning. Yes. I did separate Bingley from Miss Bennet, and I rejoice in my success for a number of reasons. Howerver, the most notable two are as follows: She does not love him, nor does he love her. My friend is a fickle being. He does not realize the pain he causes when he arrives amongst new aquaintances and makes love to their daughters and sisters. This is a habit that he has tried to break, but is unable. Please believe me when I say that the eldest Miss Bennet is all that is lovely, and Bingley did have feelings for her. But, just like all the rest, they will not last. He is besotted with the idea of being in love. I also found no true depth of regard in your sister towards Bingley. There was an obvious attraction, but he is a handsome man––his genial manners and kind attentions should make all women flutter. Yet she did not. Your sister's responses to his courtesies were nothing more than had she been reading a horticulture book. Also, as an obedient daughter, she would have responded as instructed to secure a marriage of convenience, rather than one of true affection. Bingley deserves better and it is my responsibility as his friend to secure that possibility. The second charge laid before me dealt with Mr. Wickham, but before I answer that, I must first appraise you of my connection to him. Mr. Wickham was the son of a very respectable man who had the management of our family's estate. The Elder Wickham was a devoted member of our staff, and before I had left the nursery, married a widow with a young son close to my age. 'My mother and father encouraged our friendship, and I enjoyed having a playmate. As we grew older, however, George Wickham began to show signs of a defect in his character. His cruelty to animals began to extend to humans, and many a servant was abused by his hand, always fearing reprisal. 'His malevolence did not show its darkest character until we were at Cambridge, where my father gave him a gentleman's education in honor of Mr. Wickham senior. This is where our friendship all but ended– My playmate found more enjoyment in debaucheries and other activities not befitting the ears or eyes of a lady. 'After the death of both his father, and my own excellent one five years ago, my father instructed in his will to give Wickham a living should it become available. Declaring no interest in the church, my former-friend asked for and received three thousand pounds instead and abandoned our family for what pleasures I know not, nor do I wish to know. He then returned a year later when his funds had dissolved attempting to retain the living. 'All of these things may not sway you, but the next one will hopefully allow you to see George Wickham in a truer light. My sister, Georgiana, was summering in Ramsgate with her companion, a woman in whose character I was greatly mislead…' Elizabeth continued to read, brushing the tears from her eyes which had begun to escape. 'Her tender heart was convinced of his love, which was in truth only for her dowry of 30,000 pounds. Had I not arrived for a visit unannounced, her future of misery would have been secured with her elopement to Gretna Green and an eternal shackle to the most unworthy man in all of England. She was but fifteen years old…' "Fifteen years old?" Elizabeth said aloud between sniffles. "That is my youngest sister Lydia's age." Oh, I am a wretched being. My anger at him stemmed from his comment at the Assembly months ago. Yet, our whole acquaintance, I judged him on my misplaced pride and the lies of someone wholly unconnected to me. '…and now, Miss Elizabeth, I think on your words from last night, 'If [my] father had not had a son, Mr. Wickham could have filled that role better than I. Quite possibly you are correct, as I have seemed to become lax in the role my father and mother prepared for me, and in the duties towards those I care about the most. However, my greatest failure is not within the confines of my family, but in those of my heart. I will only say, God Bless, F.D.' "What have I done?" The neighing of a horse made her start, and she looked up to see Ulysses, Mr. Darcy's stallion pawing at the ground on the path. Drying her tears, she looked around for its rider, unprepared for an interview so quickly after reading his missive. After no sign of Mr. Darcy, she walked to the large animal and rubbed his muzzle. "Where is your master, Ulysses? Did you break free of your groom and escape the stables?" Shall I let this beast go, or stay with him and run the risk of seeing Mr. Darcy? But, she had no choice in the matter. The animal began to nudge her with his head in the direction Mr. Darcy had departed. Holding the reins and allowing the horse to guide her, she walked slowly beside it, formulating what she would say when the awkward meeting took place. However, her concern was in vain. For as she turned the bend, there was Mr. Darcy's body slumped on the ground, his head bleeding from where it had struck a large boulder.
15 Chapter 2 Darcy's head was pounding, and he could only see small bits of light shooting across his closed eyelids. His limbs felt heavy and his tongue thick. I do not remember drinking into such a stupor, but obviously I attempted to drown my sorrows last evening. He slowly tried to sit up and open his eyes, but could not. "Oh," he moaned leaning back. "He is conscious," a voice said. "Please tell Mrs. Collins that he has awoken." Elizabeth? He tried to force his eyes open, but much like his non-responsive limbs, they were heavy and refused to obey. He felt a presence come into the room, and a somewhat familiar voice ask, "Has he opened his eyes?" "No," Elizabeth replied again. "But, he was making noise, and his fever has gone down." "Continue with the cold cloths, Lizzy. I will have a servant fetch the doctor." He heard footsteps retreat, and felt a cool wet cloth trace across his brow. "There you go. Just rest and we will take good care of you." What in creation has happened that Elizabeth would be in my room ministering to me and Aunt Catherine would allow it? This must be a dream! However, he began to force his eyes open, and discovered it was not a dream. As the woman before him came into focus, he could see it was in fact Elizabeth, but it was not his room. The faded draperies hung limply at the window, and the overstuffed threadbare cushions rested on the chair by the door. "Am… am I at the parsonage?" he asked, his voice cracking. "Oh, you speak! Yes, you are at the parsonage, and I am so grateful you have awoken. Allow me to get you some water." She stood, and poured a glass from the pitcher on the sideboard before returning to her seat. He could no longer think. It was Elizabeth, and her kindness poured forth onto him. This was not the look she gave him last night after so cruelly rejecting his proposal or this morning when taking his letter. No, this look gave his heart hope. With her assistance, he tipped his head back and took a swallow. "Thank you, Miss Bennet. Can I ask what occurred and how I came to be here?" He allowed his eyes to meet hers, and was surprised at her look of confusion. "Miss Bennet?" "How…how do you know my name?" "Excuse me?" He reached up and touched his head which began to throb anew. "It is only…I have never…" At that moment, a maid entered. "Miss Bennet, Mrs. Collins has asked if the gentleman is hungry?" Elizabeth turned back, carefully eyeing him. "Would you care for some nourishment, sir?" "I would appreciate it, I thank you. Maybe something light." As the servant left, he grimaced as he attempted to shift his weight. With a pained voice, he asked, "Shall we be joined by Mrs. Collins?" She still stared at him in wonder, but nodded an affirmation, not making a sound. "Please excuse me. It is just that…" At that moment, in walked Jane Bennet followed by both a servant and a man. "You are awake. I am so pleased you are recovering. This is Dr. Clarence. He has been anxiously awaiting for you to regain your senses. Hannah, ask Cook to make some tea. Miss Bennet and I will sit with our guest. How are you feeling, sir?" she asked turning in the direction of Darcy before taking a seat. He looked back and forth between Elizabeth and Jane Bennet. "I…I am well, thank you Miss Bennet. Please excuse me for not standing to greet you. When did you arrive in Kent?" Jane gasped slightly, before glancing at Elizabeth, then responding. "I am here with my husband. Pray, excuse me, sir. Have we met?" Exhausted by their strange behavior, he attempted to sit up, and winced while ignoring his pounding head. "Miss Bennet, Miss Elizabeth, I am unwell and should retire to my Aunt's. Please send for my cousin the Colonel to retrieve me and I shall not trespass any longer." He leaned back against the chair and sighed at the exertion. "If you could please inform me what transpired to cause my injury after sending word to my relations, I would be most grateful." The room remained silent after his pronouncement, save the sound of Dr. Clarence taking notes and clearing his throat. The two women's mouths were agape as the master of the house walked into the room. "Good day, sir," Mr. Collins effused walking in the door and nodding at Darcy. "My servant informed me you had regained your senses, and I am glad. I have just come from telling my Patroness, the great Lady Catherine de Bourgh, of your unfortunate accident and how the doctor was not certain of your recovery." "Mr. Collins. Pray, attempt some delicacy of our guest's health." "Of course, my darling. Forgive my unseemliness," he continued turning from Miss Bennet back to Darcy. "It is only that I have just come from meeting with my noble patroness, and she was certain of your demise. I will gratefully rush to Rosings and inform her at once." "My dear," Jane replied, reaching for Mr. Collins' hand. "You have only just returned. Allow her Ladyship to have some time alone with her guests." Darcy's mouth was now agape, and his mind was whirling. What is the meaning of this? "Mr. Collins? You have returned from London? Miss Bennet? Where is Miss Lucas? It was my understanding that she moved to Kent when she became Mrs. Collins." Mr. Collins stared dumbly at him. "Miss Lucas? Sir, I am uncertain how you have such an intimate knowledge of the people of Hertfordshire, unless you have resided there yourself. With no slight intended to the former play mate of my dear sister," he said, glancing at Elizabeth, "I could not hide my intentions once my dear Jane was presented to me by her benevolent mother. Would you deny such beauty when it is before you?" Darcy was in shock. "You," he said uncharacteristically pointing at Jane. "And he?" he continued indicating Collins. "You are married?" "Yes, sir. Am I not the luckiest man in all of Christendom?" Collins replied for his still mute wife. Darcy looked at Elizabeth and then back to Jane. "Miss Elizabeth, I…you…" "Excuse me, sir. Pray tell. How do you know my wife and sister?" "Mr. Collins," Dr. Clarence interrupted. "Might I ask the room be cleared so I may examine the patient? I fear I am losing valuable time." "Of course. Of course," Collins blustered, standing and pulling Jane up beside him. "My darling, shall we go out into the garden?" "Mr. Collins, I fear it there is a coldness in the air." "Yes, yes. I believe you are right. Never mind, we shall find other ways to occupy our time." He waggled his eyebrows and indicated the stairwell. Darcy watched Elizabeth shudder and Jane recoil, when she responded, "I think you are in the right, Sir. We should check on the plants Lady Catherine told you would thrive in the soil of Kent no matter the season. Allow me to get my wrap. Lizzy, will you join us?" "No," Elizabeth responded, standing at the door and looking at Darcy. "I must write to Papa, but will have tea brought into my room so you might join me when you return?" "That will be lovely. Good day, sir," Mrs. Collins said to Darcy as she walked up the stairs. "Good day." Mr. Collins continued his speech as he proceeded out the door. "Sir, Dr. Clarence might be new to Kent, but he has the complete faith of Lady Catherine de Bourgh, and therefore of me. You are in the best hands possible." Darcy nodded, and watched Jane go up the stairs, before his eyes fixed on Elizabeth who was standing by the door watching him. "I thank you, Miss Bennet. I will open the room back up after I examine our patient." "Very well, Dr." XXXXX "And it is only your head that hurts?" Dr. Clarence asked, as he looked in Darcy's eyes. The examination was almost concluded. He had taken Darcy's temperature, checked for any broken bones, listened to his heart, and was now making sure the master of Pemberley's eyes could follow his finger. "I am sore, but I think it is mostly my head. You see…" he began, before cutting off his own thoughts. "Never mind. There must be a logical explanation." He raised his hand to his temple. "I am uncertain what is happening, but will figure this out. I just need to get home." The old doctor chuckled as he put his instruments back in his bag. "But, you don't have a home to go to, Fitzwilliam." Darcy quickly turned his head and shot the man a look. "You know me? How do you know me, but Elizabeth Bennet does not? What do you mean I do not have a home? Is this some type of farce? I do not find it amusing in the least!" Doctor Clarence walked over and sat on the ottoman at his left, his hands clasped before him, before he let out a nervous chuckle. "This is always the most difficult part of the whole thing," he said more to himself than to Darcy. "They never understand at first; always doubt you…" His voice trailed off as he looked up and began. "You are not Fitzwilliam Darcy." "Yes, I am!" "No, you are not." "You just called me Fitzwilliam. How can you say I am not him?" "Because," the older man answered shrugging his shoulders. "Fitzwilliam Darcy does not exist." A moment of silence permeated the room, with only the ticking of the clock making any sound. A look of incredulity crossed Darcy's face before he responded. "That is absurd!" Dr. Clarence replied, "Fitzwilliam Darcy does not exist by your own provocation." "My own provocation? Of what are you speaking?" The doctor stood, and began gathering his instruments. "Yesterday, the yesterday in your mind, you came to the parsonage when Miss Elizabeth did not come for tea with Lady Catherine. You proposed. She refused." Darcy looked up shocked. "How do you know about that?" His face showed his confusion as Clarence cleared his throat. "I know of that event, because it did not happen. At least to this Miss Elizabeth Bennet, it did not." "What? I assure you, most vehemently, sir, that it did. And, as you say. I was. Rejected." Darcy stumbled over the final words watching for any indication in the doctor that this was some farce. "Darcy, do you remember what you wrote in your letter to Miss Elizabeth?" "Of, course I do." He immediately thought of the passage regarding Georgina. "How much do you know?". "Do not concern yourself. Miss Darcy and her secret are safe. I have no desire to ruin a young girl who was misled by a scoundrel." After a moment, he continued, "Do you remember how you closed the letter? And what you thought right before Ulysses bolted and you lost your seat?" He thought for a moment, his head throbbing at the exercise. "I wished her God's blessing." "Yes, but before that, do you remember? You referred to what she had said to you the previous night." After more contemplation, he replied, "Yes, she said that if my father had not had a son, Mr. Wickham could have filled that role better than I." Darcy waited looking at the doctor expectantly, as the older man smirked. "What are you saying? Are you saying my pronouncement came true? That Fitzwilliam Darcy was never born?" Clarence only stared at him mutely. "And all that I know and love does not know me?" When the doctor remained silent, Darcy sniffed. "That is preposterous. I demand to be removed to my Aunt Catherine's at once." "She is not your Aunt Catherine. And, she is not the person you imagine her to be." Darcy ignored the statement only slightly puzzling on the final sentence when there was a knock at the door. "One moment, please," the doctor called. "Mr. Darcy, I have been sent to help you see what life would be like without you." "Sent by whom?" The good doctor shook his head. "You will discover how Fitzwilliam Darcy is necessary for the happiness and joy of all in his world." "All except Miss Elizabeth Bennet, you mean." "No, Sir. That is not what I mean. But, I am afraid you will see for yourself shortly," he replied as shadows passed in front of the outside windows. The knock at the door alerted them to whomever they had forgotten. "I am staying at the Hunsford Inn for a time, then I will be moving onto other responsibilities. However, for now you may find me there if you have questions. My advice to you is to not force your past on these people. They do not know you." "How can they not?" "Because you were never born. Recall the Miss Bennets' response to you? They had only known you for two months, so that was shocking. But those you have known all your life…it will be more difficult. Remember what I said." "Wait!" Darcy shouted, before the doctor opened the door. "How would Miss Bennet ever concede to marry that toad of a minister? She is much too well-bred and lovely to be his wife." Clarence placed his hand on the handle, before turning back at Darcy and looking over his shoulder. "You were not born. Therefore, Bingley never leased Netherfield. Jane Bennet was ripe to be picked when Mr. Collins visited Longbourn. She is too good of a girl to allow her family to suffer destitution if she has it in her power to save them." Clarence shrugged his shoulders sadly. "This is not the only change you will find, sir. Remember all that I said. They will not know you." With that, Clarence swung open the door to find Elizabeth and a young maid. "The patient will be well in a few weeks' time. I recommend allowing him to rest and exercise only if he feels fit, but he must not be removed from Hunsford." Clarence lowered his voice to Elizabeth, and Jane who came up behind her. "It will take him a short time before he remembers all aspects of his life. He recalls his name, and much of his circumstances, but has places in his memory where his mind is a blank. Please forgive his frustrations as he might start imparting things that will not make sense to you. Also," he said looking back at Darcy. "He needs large amounts of society to trigger his complete memory. Please see to it that he is never alone but to sleep." Elizabeth nodded, and Jane raised her voice so Darcy could hear it. "My sister and I have determined to have tea with Mr. … Mr. …I am sorry, Sir. I have not yet learned your name." "It is Fitz…" he stopped and looked at Clarence, who shook his head. "It is Fitzroy. William Fitzroy, Mrs. Collins." "Very well, Mr. Fitzroy. My sister and I would like to take tea with you. Are you averse to that?" "Not in the least, madam." The ladies entered as Clarence bowed, nodding to Darcy and departed, but not before a knock at the door could be heard. "Mr. and Mrs. Wickham, ma'am." Darcy stifled a gasp. A storm cloud moved over his countenance, but he noticed a similar reaction from Elizabeth. They looked at each other questioningly, before Elizabeth stood. From his position, Darcy could not be seen as Wickham entered the room, which was just how he wanted it. "Mr. Wickham," Jane replied, as both ladies curtseyed. "Welcome to our home. We did not expect to see you so soon, and are honored again by your presence." "Yes, well, we must be neighborly while we reside at Rosings." His eyes never left Elizabeth, and they openly roamed up and down her form. "Will we have the pleasure of visiting with Mrs. Wickham? I believe I heard Jeffrey announce her." "Yes. She is in the garden with Mr. Collins. There was something she desired to show you, Mrs. Collins. Might you be so kind as to see to her wishes? You know how she can be." Jane looked from Wickham to Elizabeth before attempting a pleasant countenance. "I would be happy to. Lizzy, shall I get your wrap?" Wickham interrupted immediately. "Oh, Mrs. Collins. It is much too cold. With Miss Bennet being unable to come for tea yesterday due to her illness, we don't want her going out in this weather, do we?" "No, but—." "I will remain inside and keep her company until you return. We can discuss Wordsworth or Shakespeare…" "If you are alright with that, Lizzy." "I will be well, Jane," she replied glancing at Darcy. "Please hurry Mrs. Wickham inside as I look forward to her company." "Very well. I will be back shortly." As Jane retreated, Elizabeth stood and walked towards Darcy's chair, as Wickham followed Jane, then quietly closed the door behind her. "Mr. Wickham. Please open the door at once." "No, Elizabeth. I think it's much more comfortable with it just like this. Are you still going to be difficult, or do I have to…?" Wickham stopped as he turned, and found Darcy standing, although slightly wobbly, in front of Elizabeth. "Wickham." How one word could convey such hatred. Elizabeth looked between both men. "Mr. Fitzroy, are you acquainted?" "We are not," Wickham replied with unease. "Excuse me," Darcy replied realizing Wickham did not recognize him. He moderated his voice as best he could. "I am not well known to Mr. Wickham, yet we were at school together." "Fitzroy?" Wickham repeated thoughtfully. "Oh, yes. I remember the name. You have an estate in…" "Salisbury." "Yes, Salisbury. And you have…" "A sister," Darcy replied with concealed venom. Wickham looked up at him with slight fear. Darcy could see the cogs turning. I know you are going through all the women at school you ruined to determine if my sister was one of them, you swine! Appearing to not have remembered a lady with that name, Wickham relaxed. "And what brings you to this part of the country, sir?" He took on an air of nonchalance and moved over to a chair close to where Elizabeth stood. For her own part, she waited until Wickham sat, then moved to a chair across the room, closer to Darcy. "I am uncertain." "Uncertain?" "Yes, I believe I am here to visit family." "Mr. Fitzroy had an accident," Elizabeth interjected. "He has lost some of his memory." "Oh, you are who Collins was prattling on about. What an odd sensation to not recall parts of your life." Darcy nodded. "Yes, but I believe those things which are most important cannot be forgotten." "Such as?" Wickham asked, stealing a glance at Elizabeth. "Character." "Character?" Wickham asked raising a brow. "Yes, character," Darcy replied attempting to maintain his even tone. "I am sure, no matter what the situation, a man's character would never change, whether he remembered who he was or not." Wickham turned a guarded look at Darcy, before replying. "Well, Mr. Fitzroy, I do wish you the best. If you are feeling well enough you should join us at Rosings tomorrow evening for dinner." "Oh, I don't know if he…" Elizabeth began. "I would like that very much. Thank you. However, should Lady Catherine not issue the invitation? Would she take kindly to your offer?" Wickham's laugh chilled Darcy. "No, Lady Catherine will do as I instruct." At the sound of the front door scraping open, he said, "Oh, there is Mrs. Collins and my wife." What does he mean that Aunt Catherine will do as he wishes? Is he so well respected? Did he marry… No! Did he marry Anne? That is why he resides at Rosings! Where is my cousin Colonel Fitzwilliam? He would have assured that did not occur! Darcy stood as the door opened to admit Jane and Mr. Collins. His heart fell when Mrs. Wickham walked in the room. He could not speak for the bile in his throat. "Mr. Fitzroy. Might I present, Mrs. Wickham. Mrs. Wickham, our guest, Mr. Fitzroy." Darcy bowed, pulling from his depths all the years of training to remain controlled and guarded. "How do you do?" he asked, looking into the face of his sister, Georgiana.
17 Chapter 3 "And you are sure a walk is good for your injury, Mr. Fitzroy? I believe the doctor left instructions that you should wait for a few days…" Elizabeth's question faded while she and Darcy walked a short path around the grounds. It had been twenty-four hours since she had found him and had one of the servants carry him into the parsonage, and his appearance had markedly improved. Well, that is not entirely true. He is a very handsome man, and that hasn't changed. Yet he looks more vigorous; more sure-of-foot. "Yes, he did, Miss Bennet. However, I feel much improved and he has yet to appear this morning, so I am attempting to get in exercise to show I can join the party at Rosings this evening." They walked in silence, Elizabeth glancing at him occasionally. She wondered at this man who had such a commanding presence about his handsome countenance, but yet had difficulty remembering details of his life. His dark hair perfectly in place, save an errant curl falling across his brow. His fine form filling out his expensive clothes in a most admirable way. She stifled a blush, hoping he had not recognized her indelicate thoughts when his words interrupted her musings. "Pray, tell me. What do you know of Mrs. Wickham? She seems a woman of a tender age." His tone bespoke a tension she could not place, but seemed innocent enough. "She is a dear girl," Elizabeth replied watching the gardeners at Rosings cut back the bushes. "She has a very kind heart, and is extremely reserved." "She seemed very reticent yesterday in company at the parsonage." "Yes. However, in the company of us ladies she is much more talkative." "Pardon me for saying so, but she seems quite young to be married and the mistress of such a large estate as Pemberley." Elizabeth looked at him sharply then relaxed. "That's right; you were schoolmates with Mr. Wickham at Cambridge, that's how you knew about Pemberley." "Yes. Everyone is aware of the other's estates and holdings while at university. It's how one makes connections and alliances. Yet, if I remember correctly, Mr. Wickham's father was not gentry. Am I mistaken in that he was the steward of Mr. Darcy's estates?" He looked at her as if asking more than his words conveyed. "From what I understand, that is correct." "I don't remember him being so elevated as to marry someone of Mrs. Wickham's standing, and am intrigued by his fortuitous match." They had been making their way past the pond and Elizabeth took a moment to choose her words carefully. She brushed a wisp of hair away from her face before replying. "It is not truly my place to say, sir, but as you are acquainted with him, I will divulge what little I know. Several years ago, Mrs. Darcy died giving birth to a son. After that, from what Mrs. Wickham has told me, her father became unwell and pined for the loss of his wife. Eventually, he too deteriorated and in his will, left Mrs. Wickham into the care of his godson, Mr. Wickham." She noticed the muscles in Mr. Fitzroy's jaw tighten before he asked quietly, "And she had no other family to turn to? Are there not the Fitzwilliam's? Even Lady Catherine?" She looked at him quizzically, surprised at his intimate knowledge of the family. "As I understand from Mrs. Wickham herself, her husband was a favorite of her father's. She also has a cousin, the Viscount, and future earl of Matlock, who is her co-guardian, but he encouraged the match." "Alfred is her guardian? He encouraged the match? Where is Colonel Fitzwilliam?" "I am sorry. Who?" "Her cousin. Alfred's younger brother. Colonel Fitzwilliam." "Of him I have no knowledge. Mrs. Wickham has never spoken of him." She saw his brow furrow and they continued to walk. After a moment he pressed, "Does her Uncle the Earl not attempt to be part of her life?" She looked at him again, before replying. "From what I have gathered, Mr. Wickham and the Earl had a falling out after Mrs. Wickham's marriage. It occurred less than a month after the death of her father to which the Earl objected. Yet, there was nothing the family could do. As her guardians, both the Viscount and Mr. Wickham had given permission and a special license obtained." "And is she happy?" Elizabeth was taken aback by this forward question, and Darcy appeared to check himself. "I apologize, Miss Bennet. It is just that I see so little spark of life in Mrs. Wickham's countenance, and imagine that although she seems a shy and reserved woman, there is deep feeling and compassion there." "There is, sir. She has become a dear friend over time, and I am grateful that our paths have crossed." "Yes. I am certain you would treat her as one of your own sisters. The kindness and patience you show to Miss Kitty, Miss Mary and Miss Lydia does you credit." Elizabeth stopped walking and turned to face him, an unease bordering on agitation flowing through her. "Mr. Fitzroy. I am still unclear how you know the names of both myself and my sisters, yet you cannot remember much of your own life. This is highly suspect." She watched his hands clasp behind his back and his brow furrow in concentration. "Forgive me. Things just come to me, as if I know them, even though I should not. If I remember correctly…there was a young man in a class on agricultural management at Cambridge…a Mr. Lucas?" "Charlotte's brother?" "Yes!" he exclaimed. "He had a sister, and often spoke of her friends, the Bennets and their estate." "Really? Harold Lucas spoke of us so regularly?" At his nod, she continued, "Have you ever been into Hertfordshire?" "Yes. Yes, I have. I visited Hertfordshire with a friend and we met many of the local families including Sir William Lucas and were able to see Mr. Lucas during a shooting party." Elizabeth visibly relaxed. "Oh, Mr. Fitzroy. That makes me quite at ease. You see, I was so confused as to how you knew so much about my family and the people of Meryton. It is a wonder we did not meet. Maybe Jane and I were visiting our aunt and uncle in town?" "Quite possibly. However, if we did meet, it would have been a different man than you see before you." They began to walk again and she kept her voice steady and her eyes on the path ahead when she spoke. "Change is beneficial for all people, Mr. Fitzroy. I do hope, however, if I may be so bold to say, that your changes were not so extreme because of your friendship with Mr. Wickham." "I can assure you, madam, Mr. Wickham and I did not associate with the same crowds in school. We were in entirely different circles. Now," he said glancing at her. "I believe we were originally speaking about Pemberley?" He was grateful that he had attended to the ramblings of Sir William Lucas when he and Bingley had been at Netherfield. The minimal information I recalled about his son and estate were beneficial to my ruse. Although disguise of every sort is my abhorrence, in such cases as these, it was necessary. He had to get her to share what she knew about Georgie. It was killing him that his sister was merely acres away, and he could not go to her. "Knowing of Wickham as I once did, it seems odd to me that he married someone so young and inexperienced." He kept his questions light, hoping Elizabeth didn't sense his eagerness. She paused for a moment, seemingly looking for the right words. "It is true Mrs. Wickham is much younger than her husband, but she has an excellent character and is an admirable wife." "Of that I have no doubt. I remember meeting her parents when I was a boy." "You do?" "Yes," he stammered. "I remember small glimpses of my life." He cleared his throat. "As I was saying, I recall her father being very gentlemanly, and her mother being all that was lovely." He realized he was waxing too sentimental. "Or at least that's how my mother described her." Elizabeth continued to look curiously at him. "How long have they been married?" He asked tugging at his sleeves. "I believe it has been almost twelve months." "Twelve months? Why, she was only fifteen at the time of their wedding?" Where is my cousin Richard? What was my father thinking entrusting her to that…This would not have happened if I…He stopped his line of thinking because he knew. It would not have happened because I would have been born. But in a moment of pique, I thought maybe the world would be better without me. He attempted to hide the agitation in his manners, but his breathing increased and his words came out clipped. "And she and Mr. Wickham? They are on holiday at Rosings? That is fortunate that she has been able to make yours and your sister's acquaintance." "No, we are the fortunate ones. But, they are not here on holiday. They live at Rosings Park most of the year." "Live at Rosings? But why? What about Pemberley?" "I'm not at liberty to speak on it, Sir." "Wait, what do you mean? What of Pemberley?" "That is something you will have to ask Mr. Wickham." She hurried up the walkway and onto the front porch of the parsonage, greeting Mr. Collins in his garden as she went. "Miss Bennet. Might you answer one more question for me?" He asked following her in. "I will answer it, Mr. Fitzroy," a male voice replied. Darcy walked into the room to be met by Dr. Clarence. "Yes, doctor. You are most assuredly who I need to speak with." XXXXX Darcy leaned back in the chair of his upstairs room at the parsonage. Clarence had determined he could be removed to private quarters, and with still the need for recovery as prescribed by the doctor, the parson and his wife accepted that as a necessary charity. The wine Mr. Collins had offered was little more than watered down grape juice, but it was something to take the edge off his circumstances. Clarence had been minimally informative, refusing to explain the absence of Richard in Georgiana's life, or why she and Wickham did not live at Pemberley. That I alone must discover the answerers to my questions. And so, Darcy waited. The hours ticked by bringing him closer to his sister, his aunt and his nemesis who it appeared had stolen his world. XXXXX "Mr. Collins, Mrs. Collins, Miss Bennet, and Mr. Fitzroy," intoned the butler as the small group walked into the sitting room; a room which Darcy recognized at once. The furniture which for generations had decorated the rooms at Rosings had not changed, whether he had existed or not. Although a little shabbier than he remembered, the garish wall hangings and brocade prints showed the wealth of the inhabitants of the great estate. And while the furnishings did appear more tired than fashionable, this matched the people within the rooms. He first searched for her, his eyes scanning the room until he saw her speaking to an older woman. Georgiana was softly whispering and nodding, pointing to sketches and seemingly describing them to the catatonic elder in the widow's cap. He then looked around for his cousin Anne and Aunt Catherine. His cousin, was sitting in the 'throne' as Richard always called it, reserved specifically for her mother. Lady Catherine was no where to be found. "Mr. Collins, Mrs. Collins, Miss Bennet, how wonderful to see you again," Wickham said raising his glass in greetings. "And Mr. Fitzroy. How nice that you are well enough to join us." Darcy nodded, maintaining his composure at the sight of Wickham making himself so comfortable in his aunt's home. Mr. Collins nasally voice interrupted his observations. "We are honored to have been invited into your magnificent home, Miss de Bourgh. Might I present our guest to you? Mr. William Fitzroy, Miss Anne de Bourgh, the heiress of Rosings Park, and the daughter of Lady Catherine de Bourgh, my patroness." Darcy bowed. "It is a pleasure to meet you, Miss de Bourgh. My father was a contemporary of Sir Lewis. I remember him speaking often of your father's love of hunting, and his very fine pointer, Vulcan." Anne's eyebrows raised at the mention. "Yes, sir. My father did have such a beast. It was his pride. I thank you for the memory." Her clipped tones surprised him, and he bowed again and turned as she began to listen to the effusive praises of Mr. Collins. What an odd turn. Where is Lady Catherine? He did not want his eagerness in speaking to Georgiana to be noticed, so he walked towards an open seat next to Elizabeth and attempted to wait for an opportunity to engage his sister in conversation while not getting lost in the presence of the woman he loved. "My dear," Wickham said, drawing the attention of the room. "Why do you not play for us." Georgiana started. "Oh, I do not wish––" she began before being interrupted by her husband. "I am aware you do not wish it, but you will do as I say. You are my wife." There was no mistaking the command in his tone, and as Georgiana got up and moved towards the instrument, Darcy had to force himself to loosen his grip on the arm of the couch. Elizabeth's questioning look made him relax his jaw and breathing. "Mr. Fitzroy, are you well?" She asked leaning towards him. "Yes, Miss Bennet. I occasionally have pain, but am just attempting to cope with it." "May I get you some refreshment? Might that help?" He broke his concentrated thoughts away from his sister and turned them back to the woman who only days before, in a different life, he had proposed to and been rejected by. Oh, Elizabeth. That I had been a better man. One who was worthy of you. His thoughts were interrupted by pleasant smile on Elizabeth's face turning to a grimace. "What say you, Fitzroy?" Wickham was asking him. "Forgive me, I was not attending." "Would you not turn the pages for my wife while I discuss a matter of great import with Miss Bennet?" He was torn. Here was his opportunity to speak to Georgiana, but at the cost of Elizabeth's comfort. Her look conveyed acceptance. "I will return shortly, Miss Bennet. Then we can continue our conversation from our earlier walk." She nodded with a grateful smile. "That would be lovely, sir." Darcy stood and walked to his sister, who was playing a somber piece. He stood next to her and at the appropriate point, turned the pages. At the end of the song, she nodded in his direction without making eye contact. "I thank you, sir. You may now return to Miss Bennet." "Will you not play again? It was lovely." "Thank you, but no. I am fatigued and must return to my Aunt." The numerous questions Darcy wanted to ask her died on his lips at the mention of Lady Catherine. "Your Aunt, Lady Catherine de Bourgh is in residence? I had hoped to meet the illustrious woman." "Yes, she is, although she is quite unwell. However, it does not keep her from joining us before she takes a tray upstairs." Georgiana indicated the shriveled woman leaning up against the maid on the couch where Georgiana had been sitting when Darcy had arrived. He gasped, and struggled to school his features. "Georgiana, you can't be finished. Play something more lively," Wickham barked. She sat back in her seat and began to play a tune Darcy recognized as one she would often play at Pemberley. He turned the pages at the appropriate time, looking from his sister, to his Aunt, who was now leaning against who he assumed was her companion, and then to Elizabeth. "Miss Darcy?" Georgiana looked up at him, almost losing her fingering of the keys. "Forgive me. Mrs. Wickham." It hurt to form the words, but he must. "Pray, tell me about your home. I understand Pemberley to still be the most beautiful estate in all of Derbyshire." She shot a look at her husband who was still attempting to speak with Elizabeth. "It is," she replied, slowing the pace of the song. "Pemberley was the most wonderful home any child could grow up in." "And you have no siblings? I seem to remember you did not, but I cannot recall." At her questioning look, he responded, "As I was telling Miss Bennet earlier today, I recall visiting Pemberley as a boy, and my father speaking of your parents fondly." "You visited Pemberley?" "Yes. And I recall the kindness of your mother." "Yes, she was," Georgiana replied with a relaxed smile. "It was she who gave me a love for the pianoforte." Darcy sputtered, before asking. "Excuse my intrusion, but you remember your mother? I thought she passed upon your birth." "No, Sir. You are mistaken. She past upon the death of my younger brother, who followed her but two days later." "Younger brother? And might I ask what became of your cousin, Richard Fitzwilliam? He and I were also acquaintances at Cambridge." Not doubting the stories from Elizabeth, Darcy still needed to hear facts from Georgiana's own lips. "You must be mistaken, Sir. I did not know my cousin. He died in a sledding accident at Matlock House when he was a child." "He died? A sledding accident?" "Yes. I am told he was a daredevil, and sledded down a hill he had been forbidden to traverse, as it lay near a pond. The pond was not quite frozen through, and as he slid across, the ice cracked. His brother the viscount was the only one with him, and ran to the house for help, but when they returned, he had slipped under the ice and was no more." Richard! Dead! The air was sucked from his lungs as he attempted to remain placid at the devastating news. It took all in his power to not sit on the bench next to his sister to absorb the physical blow he felt. But, he was not alone with his brother. I was there, that January day. The three of us–Richard, Alfred and I. We knew we were not allowed to slide on the hill, but Richard was determined. The only thing that stopped him was that I went first, and always cautious, I traveled down the back side of the hill. "I crashed into a tree and broke his sled," he whispered aloud. "Pardon?" Georgiana asked, breaking his reverie. "My apologies. I was woolgathering. You are correct," he said. "I must be mistaken. My mind is still not set at rights, it would seem." "Georgie," Wickham barked from across the room. "Why did you stop playing? Does Mr. Fitzroy not know how to properly turn the pages?" There was an edge of steel in his voice, as he stood from his seat by Elizabeth, and began to walk towards them. Darcy noticed Elizabeth's eyes were on fire, and wondered not only what Wickham had done to upset her, but also how she had responded to put him in such a state. "I will take over from here." Wickham sat next to Georgiana and placied his hand upon her leg under the piano. She jumped and it took all that was in Darcy to not lose his control. "Very well, Mr. Wickham. My head does ache, so I will return to my seat." But, he did not. Instead, he made his way over to Lady Catherine and sat down on the other end of the couch still attempting to control his grieving for his cousin whose life was snuffed out at such a young age. The great dame began to cough, and soon arrested his attention. Her outdated dress hung limply on her body. A glassy pair of grey eyes stared across the room, and her lips moved in a mumble. This is not the fearsome Aunt I was raised to respect. This is a woman who is knocking at the doors of death. "Mr. Fitzroy, have you met Lady Catherine?" Elizabeth had come to stand before him, eyes still glowing with an anger he could not account for, but understood the source. "No, Miss Bennet. My memory does not indicate that I have." "Then, let me do the honors." He looked up to find Anne de Bourgh standing over him. He shifted his gaze to his Aunt, and His eyes rolled over the shriveled form of the woman who for years had struck fear and respect into his soul. What has caused Aunt Catherine to fall into such disarray? "Miss de Bourgh, I would be honored to meet your mother. I have heard many things of Rosings Park and its inhabitants." "From who?" Anne asked, sharply. He gave her a sad smile. "Unfortunately, I do not remember. I only remember that much has been spoken." This seemed to pacify Anne, and she took a step forward. "Mama," she began loudly. "Mama. This is Mr. William Fitzroy." She grasped the old woman's hand, and gave her a little tug to get her attention. Lady Catherine's glassy eyes turned in his direction and stared through him, until she slowly responded. "Darcy." "What?" Anne asked. "No, Mama. It is Mr. Fitzroy." "Darcy," the woman repeated, staring through him. Anne shook her head, and indicated to the nurse sitting next to her mother. "Mrs. Abernathy, please remove my mother to her room. She is not well." Does she recognize me? "Darcy, you must help. You must make it right." "Mr. Fitzroy," Anne said stepping before him. "Please excuse my mother. She is unwell." "No apology is needed, Miss De Bourgh. I understand the effects of an unwell mind." He touched his temple and smiled, inwardly attempting to reconcile his aunt's calling him by his true name. He heard some grumbling behind him, and turned to see Wickham still chastising Georgiana at the piano, her head lowered. Anne nodded, then went back to her chair to be fawned over by Mr. Collins, as Elizabeth sat next to him. "Is she always like that?" he asked indicating the retreating Lady Catherine with her nurse. "Does the grand Lady not remember anyone?" "She does have moments of lucidity. It just depends on how much medication is needed to control her pain. In the day, she is as I believe she always was. But at night, her dosage is increased to help her sleep." "Her pain?" "Yes," Miss Elizabeth said. "From what Mr. Collins has told my sister and I, she began suffering from ailments a year or so ago. Miss de Bourgh is very attentive to her mother's needs." "Yes. She is to be commended for her care." He observed Mr. Collins bowing while sitting and at Jane's stoic expression. "How long have your sister and Mr. Collins been wed?" Elizabeth appeared to stifle a snort, before replying. "It has been a little over a month. Our cousin came into Longbourn in September, and immediately asked for my sister's hand. They were married at the beginning of November." "They seem to be very different personalities." He saw her bristle before her reply. "My sister would make any man a good wife." "You mistake my meaning, Miss Bennet. It is only…Mrs. Collins' virtues seem wasted on the quiet life of Hunsford." Elizabeth smirked. "That is what my father felt, and my mother always believed. However, when there are so few opportunities for women to meet eligible men, we are often forced into situations which seem unpleasant." "I would think you would not choose to marry for anything but love." She looked at him askance. "Forgive me. I have spoken out of turn," he said. Stupid man! Do not claim such a familiarity. Elizabeth was quiet, as they both listened to the tune taken up by Mrs. Wickham at the insistence of her husband. "You are correct," Elizabeth said, as the butler announced dinner was served, and they rose. Darcy extended his arm and she rested a delicate gloved hand upon it. "However, I do not believe I will ever have the opportunity to choose." She reached for his arm with a gentle smile, and Darcy's heart fell, remembering her words only days before in a different life.
19 Hello, readers. I am grateful for the positive responses so far for my story. I have been preparing it for publication for about a year, but am stuck on an idea for a chapter and am hoping you can tell me if the story is flowing as smoothly as I hope it is. I am hoping to complete it by mid-November, but am working on a Christmas short-story now as well. *Please note, that once it is complete, I will keep it on Fanfic for 2 weeks, before deleting it and posting it on Amazon KU. BUT, that won't be for a while, and you'll have plenty of time to read it for free. Chapter 4 Darcy's mind was unsettled. As the master of Pemberley for the last five years, he was not used to this life which relegated him to allow others to dictate his circumstances. He was frustrated with his current situation, and with Dr. Clarence for not telling him all he wished to know. Dinner at Rosings had been difficult earlier that evening–the control and discipline he had learned at his father's knee was all that had kept his grief of discovering his cousin's unexpected death at bay, while also attempting to not shout at Wickham to unhand his sister. With Anne, he was at a loss regarding her overbearing behavior and wanted to shake his cousin and force her to come to her senses. Finally, his head fell against the wall of the kitchen as he imagined wrapping his arms around Elizabeth and apologizing for his ghastly proposal. I wished to do all those things, but I could not. Instead, I watched this surreal life play out around me as Lemuel Gulliver trying to convince Dr. Bates of my sanity. He took a drink of chamomile closing his eyes and praying the trick both Mrs. Reynolds and Mrs. Rogers used on him when his mind was unsettled would work. Georgiana sitting mutely while Wickham harangued her on every topic imaginable–her playing, her dress, her style of hair. My beautiful, lively sister reduced to…to… "The wife of a cad," he said aloud, while setting down his cup. "What am I to do?" He rested his head in his hands. "How am I to fix this?" He leaned back in his chair and quietly listened to the late-night sounds of the house. The scurrying of mice in the cupboards, the hooting of owls in Rosings' woods. And then, she was there in the doorway. A most unexpected but welcome figure who his heart was still guarded against. He had not allowed himself to think on her; her rebuke and rejection still so raw that he could not perceive she could not feel his misery. That is why he had focused so much on his sister– focused on helping a woman he knew did love him and value him, not someone who had professed her disdain. But, no matter how hard he tried, thoughts of her still filtered through his mind. And now, here she was in her robe, a sight he could not have dreamed to more perfection. Their eyes locked, then realizing he gazed upon her too long, he stood to greet her. "Miss Bennet forgive me. You seemed an apparition of my dreams." The words were out before he could stop them, and he was grateful for the dim light of the lone candle so she could not see his embarrassment. "Forgive me. That did not sound as I meant it to." "Please do not trouble yourself on my account," she replied, stepping into the kitchen. "I was reading and decided I needed a biscuit. The cook at Longbourn sent a tin with our favorite, and Jane and I hid them. But what of you, Mr. Fitzroy? Does your head hurt?" She stood at the table, concern etching her features. "It is not quite two o'clock. Have you been unable to sleep?" "No, I thank you. I have not attempted to, as I have so much to concern myself with." Elizabeth smiled, a smile that he had seen her give Bingley, his cousin and even Sir William Lucas in a former life, but never him. And now, he was the recipient of her kindness. "It is said, Mr. Fitzroy, that a burden shared is a burden halved. Will you allow me to remove some of your concern? It often helps to discuss it with others." He had become more used to the light, and the bright moon peaked out from behind a cloud to bathe the kitchen in a soft glow as he studied her features. Her eyes luminous, her delicate lips with a quirked smile, her brows raised in question. She stood patiently, until a look of concern suddenly came over her countenance and she lowered her gaze. "Forgive me. I have been too bold. You wish to be alone and I am forcing myself upon you." She made to leave. "I will say goodnight, and ask for your forgiveness once again." "No. Wait, Miss Bennet. It is only that…" He concentrated for a moment, wavering between a response. This is Elizabeth. She is no stranger to me although I am to her. I must show her that I am not the man I once was. "I am dealing with the death of my dearest friend and cousin." She stopped mid-step. "Oh. Please accept my deepest sympathies." "Thank you," he said, unsure of what else to say. She moved to the chair across from him, and he took another breath. "I am a man who is not used to sharing my thoughts with others; who is not used to displaying a weakness for fear others will exploit that weakness and use it against those I love. I have also been taught," he continued tracing a pattern of wood grain on the table, "that with so many under my protection, I am to keep counsel with only myself, until I take a wife." He glanced up at her before looking back at the table. "As there are no prospects, I am uncertain how to proceed." He gave her a weak smile. "It would seem to me," Elizabeth said, "that one does not need a wife to find a union of minds." He held up his hand and shook his head. "I do not wish to trouble you with my trifles. We, all of us, have difficulties in life…" "Yes, but unlike others, you seem to be alone with no one to turn to. Forgive my boldness, but I hope I do not presume too much to offer a hand of friendship?" "You most assuredly do not," he said softly. "Then, will you not allow me to listen?" He watched the flame flicker. Then, without thinking, he asked, "Has he much put upon you since your arrival in Hunsford? Do his attentions unnerve you in anyway?" She bit her lip and considered her response. "There is only one man you could refer to. My sister's husband is reliant upon the condescension of those at Rosings' Park, and is not…wise enough to discern proper behavior. There are other patrons who would have petitioned the Archbishop of Canterbury to dismiss him for one offense or another by now. However, Lady Catherine and Miss de Bourgh are very accepting of his… loquaciousness. My sister is grateful for their…patience with situations she cannot control. There is nowhere for them to go if this position ceases to exist. Therefore, I maintain my distance from…the newest inhabitant of the estate, and my sister maintains her home." He listened to her words and recalled the allegations and fervor she threw at him on Wickham's behalf only days before in a different life after his unaccepted proposal. However, he was certain that this Elizabeth had no tender regard for the man married to his sister. "I understand you position. However, if you find that the attentions from Rosings become unwanted–" There was an intake of breath as she pulled her shoulders back. "I assure you, Mr. Fitzroy, the attentions are most unwanted!" He tried not to smile at her petulant glare. Oh, my Elizabeth. How I love you. "I was certain they were. I only did not want to overstep boundaries by offering my protection, in what small manner I can provide it." "Oh." Her eyes were wide, and a soft glow came about her cheeks which were enhanced by the candlelight. "I do not mean to insult Mr. Collins, but I imagine that I may be a more formidable deterrent than he." Elizabeth snorted before catching herself. "I assure you, Sir. That is an unspoken fact." She stood and walked to the cupboard to procure the tin of biscuits and lay them on the table. She then grabbed the teapot and poured them both a fresh cup before resuming her seat. "Won't you tell me about your cousin?" "My cousin." Darcy had all but forgotten Richard as he basked in their solitary meeting. "Richard, was a man who brought joy to all he met." Well, except Wickham! He smirked before continuing. "He was the second son of my uncle, an earl, and had chosen to make his way in the military. After all he had prepared for, all the battles he had fought, to discover his death in such a tragic way was quite a blow!" "How did he die?" He looked into her kind eyes, before replying. "In an accident. I am unaware of the particulars, but..." His voice threatened to catch, and he picked up his cup and took a swallow, allowing the warmth to soothe his throat. "Suffice it to say, this is a wound which will be difficult for me to recover from." "You were very close?" "As close as brothers." He sipped his tea and sighed, uncertain if he should continue. "And, I am also concerned for my sister," he uttered. "Your sister?" She asked. "You have much to worry over. However, your consideration does you credit as a brother. I know of few whose sleep would escape them due to concern for a sibling." "I know that yours would for Miss Bennet–err…Mrs. Collins." Tapping her fingers on the rim of the tea cup he set before her, she smiled up at him. "You are correct. Jane and I are very closely connected, as none of our other sisters are." She nodded as he passed her the sugar. "There is not a day that goes by that I do not worry for her in…her present situation as a wife." He nodded to encourage her to continue, and took a sip of his luke-warm liquid. "My sister is fortunate to have…found a man that is…so well settled, and…values her…attributes as a wife." She choked down her tea and looked at the table. "I had discovered," Darcy began, to fill the void, "that in my most…recent absence, my own sister was married without my–" here he paused, attempting to ward off the sadness at the loss of Richard before continuing on, "knowing." Elizabeth's eyes grew wide and she gasped. "That must have been dreadful for you!" "Yes, it was. And the man who convinced her of his love is a rogue who was only after her dowry. And now she is lost to me. His sole motive is to gamble her funds, and then somehow procure more for his pleasure." "What a wretched man!" "I can only hope that he will receive his due." He rubbed the tablecloth with his fingers. "It is very difficult to see one's sister married to a man unworthy of her." There was silence for but a moment until Elizabeth responded, "It is. However, that is why one must do whatever they can to be the strength to their loved one, whether she is in the position to realize the actions are for her benefit or not." Darcy met her gaze and a tender smile played across his lips. He acknowledged to himself that she too knew the loss of a sister to a man undeserving of her. A man, who although much different from Mr. Wickham, was not from the same social, intellectual or moral sphere. "And so, we wait?" he asked. "Until our siblings need us, and we are there to heal the ache of their tattered hearts?" "What other choice do we have?" she asked with a sad smile, while tracing the rim of the cup with her finger. Absolutely none. XXXXX His previous conversations with Dr. Clarence had been less than informative, with the good doctor reminding him that he needed to discover 'his world on his own.' No amount of petitioning or remonstrating would sway him in Darcy's favor. The unanswered questions still plagued him as they walked into Hunsford village the following morning. When Clarence had asked about the previous night's dinner, Darcy had attempted very little to hide his cynicism. "It was pleasant enough. I had to watch my sister, who does not know me, accept the most vile treatment from Wickham; I had to observe my once powerful Aunt as an invalid taken up to her room by Mrs. Abernathy, and I viewed my cousin Anne whose acceptance of Wickham's behavior astonishes me, act as the queen herself. All things considered, dinner was delightful." He tried, but could not keep the steel from his voice while waiting to make another request of the doctor. "And you will still not tell me anything?" "I cannot, Darcy. You must discover this world on your own." That was precisely what he did not want to hear; was actually tired of hearing. He wanted to know of his Uncle, the Earl, of his cousin Alfred's acceptance of Wickham as Georgiana's husband; of Pemberley. These were the things he held dear, but was not privy to. They walked out of step, Darcy's agitated ones overtaken by Clarence's easy ones. "I cannot tell you, Darcy. But, there is other information which you seek and are unaware at the moment. However, all will present itself in due course of time." "Due course of time?" "Yes. But, remember. This is something you wanted; you asked for. Now, you must deal with the consequences of your request." "I did not request this!" He stopped and turned to face Clarence. "This," he said indicating himself, "is what I have always been. You took my world away from me!" His companion gave a little chuckle and continued onward, leaving Darcy to lag behind. "You may make claims as you see fit, Sir, but you requested this. You remember your letter. Take responsibility for what you have done." Darcy inhaled, and slowly exhaled, his jaw tightening. "I assure you, Doctor," he began icily. "I always take responsibility for my actions, unlike someone who is ruining all whom I hold dear. If I am to resolve these circumstances back to what I wish them to be, I must understand my limitations." Clarence kept walking, and a cart came from behind them, moving them both off the road as they continued their way towards Hunsford. "We shall see." "We shall see?" Darcy asked, his normally controlled demeanor falling. His hands were clasped firmly behind his back as he strode forward. "We shall see? My sister's life is in peril, those I love in misery and he replies with 'We shall see'?" "All you hold dear?" Darcy spun on him. "Yes! All I hold dear!" "Even Miss Elizabeth Bennet?" He stopped walking, and turned back to Clarence. "What is the meaning of that?" Clarence shrugged and continued toward the outer edge of Hunsford village. "I only mean that in a different situation, a different life, you might not have had as many pleasant interactions with Miss Bennet as you imagined. Is that something you would wish to lose?" "I do not comprehend your meaning." The men continued down the road, passing servants heading towards Rosings and townspeople walking towards the village. Doctor Clarence lowered his voice as the area became more populated. "I am sure you remember her response to your request from less than a week ago?" Darcy felt himself stiffen at the reference. "Can you detect any similar hostility? She seems much more receptive to your company." Darcy thought of the previous night in the kitchen and bowed his head, focusing on the path before him. "Whether she is receptive or not, my life is not lost. I must regain it, then win her back." "Have you considered that may not be an option? What if you must choose between the two Either your previous life, or Elizabeth?" He did not wait for a reply as he walked briskly through the door of the main mercantile shop. Still puzzling out the meaning of the good doctor's latest revelation, Darcy followed his companion inside. The room itself was filled with the normal wares one would expect from a village the size of Hunsford. Along one wall, there was a section for ribbons and lace, bolts of fabric along with fashion magazines. Along another, there was some general dry goods, coffee, tea and spices. The darkness of the room, and the stuffiness of the surroundings were oppressive. "Mr. Fitzroy," Dr. Clarence said loudly when they walked towards the counter. "I have calls to make, but will come to you again at the parsonage." And with that, he nodded at Darcy, then turned towards the back of the store. Darcy stood at the front counter, unsure of what to do at the sudden departure of Clarence. He only waited a moment, however, until a familiar voice arrested his attention. "Can I help you, sir?" He turned at once towards the man at the counter, doing all in his power to not allow his mouth to go slack. "Charles?" The blonde man started at the familiarity, before replying with an easy grin. "My name is Charles, but I am afraid I do not know yours, sir." Darcy looked into the eyes of one of his oldest friends before replying. "Forgive my boldness. We have not been in company for years. Charles Bingley, correct?" "Yes. And you are?" "William Fitzroy." "I apologize, but your name is not familiar to me. Did we attend school together?" "Cambridge?" Darcy questioned. "Yes, Cambridge," Bingley replied with a far-off look and a half grin. "That seems so long ago. If we were acquaintances at Cambridge, you are most likely surprised at my current surroundings." "If I remember correctly, you studied business, and your father was in trade. Therefore, this would not be as shocking as it would to others." "Yes, that is correct. However, my father's dream of me owning an estate will have to be forgotten, and hopefully passed to my son or grandson. But, pay no heed to my ramblings," he replied pulling out some new items for the display. "I have only recently come into ownership of this establishment and am still acclimating to working as I did as a young boy. Enough of me. Tell me of you since we left Cambridge. I cannot recall– is your estate nearby?" Darcy shook his head and the weight of Bingley's situation. "No. I was on my way home and suffered a fall from my horse. The doctor will not allow me to continue my journey immediately." Darcy turned to indicate Clarence, but he was gone. "I am to remain in Hunsford for another month at least," he said redirecting his attention. "And where are you residing?" "At the parsonage. Miss Eliz…that is Miss Bennet discovered me and called the servants to fetch me. The Collins's have been very generous allowing me to reside there for an undetermined amount of time. "Yes. The Collins's." There was a wistful sound in Bingley's voice which Darcy immediately recognized. "Might you be of assistance to me?" Darcy asked, latching onto an idea. "I am in need of a gift for the parsonage. I have been a guest now for a number of days and wish to show my gratitude and give them a token of my thanks. Both Mrs. Collins and Miss Bennet as well as Mr. Collins have taken great pains to secure my comfort." Bingley thought for a moment before he reached under the counter. "For Mr. Collins," he began. "This was put into a shipment of books I received this past week. It is from an old minister in the colonies, a Jonathan Edwards. Its title is 'Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God.'" Darcy chuckled as he took the outstretched book. "I am familiar with it and believe this book fits Mr. Collins perfectly. Now if only there was something else for the ladies of the house." Bingley's eyes lit up. "A gift for the parson's wife? I am sure I have something here that would mirror her…kindness. Mrs. Collins is a treasure," he whispered walking towards a wall behind a sea of books and pulling down a trunk. "I am uncertain the price which you wished to spend, but for both Mrs. Collins and Miss Bennet, I have two objects which would suit them quite well." He lay the trunk on the counter and pulled back the lid, drawing out two silk shawls, both white with ribbons embroidered as flowers throughout, one's ribbons blue and the other's pale yellow. "These are not articles I would assume to find in a small country mercantile, Mr. Bingley." The man chuckled to himself and fingered the edges. "And you shouldn't, Mr. Fitzroy. These are the last of the articles my sister was willing to sell off after my father's business...was lost. They come from the finest Parisian modiste in London." "Madame Claudette's?" "I see you have a sister too," Bingley chuckled. "They may be more than you expected to pay–." "They are just what I wished for," Darcy replied removing coins from his pocket and setting them on the counter as Bingley wrapped the shawls in brown paper and twine. "And, if it is not too much trouble, Mr. Bingley," he said. "I would enjoy reestablishing our connection while I remain in town." "I would like that as well. Are you free to dine tomorrow evening? I am sure my wife would be pleased by the varied company." "Your wife?" Darcy asked as both the curtains behind the counter parted and the door to the shop behind him opened at the exact moment. "Yes. My wife." "Yes, Charles?" Darcy glanced up to see the predatory look of Rosalind Chesterfield sizing him up from his breeches to his top hat as she sashayed behind the counter. Rosalind had been one of Bingley's original "angels" after his father's death. He had met her at a party in London, and it seemed wherever Bingley went, Miss Chesterfield followed. Twenty-thousand pounds, spoke Italian, played the harp, and has an older brother with gaming debts and a penchant for loose women. Darcy remembered her pursuit of Bingley, and how his young friend had imagined himself in love. She is classically beautiful, only second behind Jane Bennet. But, she has the heart as hard as the cliffs of Dover, and only wanted Bingley's money. Another casualty of my choice. Mrs. Bingley's silk gown would not be out of place in a ballroom in London, but screamed parvenu in the small hamlet of Hunsford. Her purple colored turban and large ostrich plumes only made her more conspicuous. "Have we met before, Sir? You do not smell of a resident of this village." "Of that I am not, Mrs. Bingley. I am merely here…on holiday." She looked him up and down again. "I heard the invitation my husband issued you for tomorrow evening, and I hope you are able to accept. We are quite out of place amongst these ruffians, and could use some refinement to remind us that our circumstances are merely temporary." "Rosalind!" Bingley warned, as she flounced back behind the curtain. Turning a weak smile to Darcy, his attention was arrested by a sight behind him. "Ladies. Please forgive my wife for her unkind words." Darcy turned to see the ladies from the parsonage along with Mrs. Wickham. Miss Elizabeth's chin rose, and Mrs. Wickham cowered as Mrs. Collins replied for their party. "Country life is not for everyone, Mr. Bingley. We understand that unfortunate circumstances forced you to come to Hunsford and place no blame upon your wife's words." As she smiled, Darcy watched as Elizabeth reached over and mutely squeezed Georgiana's hand. Unable to comprehend the tear forming in his sister's blue eyes, he turned back to witness Bingley mooncalfing over Mrs. Collins with a look reminiscent of one from the Netherfield Ball a life time ago. But his friend's amorous attentions to a married, woman could not distract him from his sister's distress. "Mrs. Wickham," Darcy heard himself say. "You appear unwell. Might I escort you and Miss Bennet outside for some fresh air?" Georgiana reached again for Elizabeth's hand, and smiled politely. "I believe Miss Bennet will escort me, but I thank you for your kind attentions, Mr. Fitzroy." "Of course. If there is any way I can be of assistance while you are in the village, you only need ask." Elizabeth met his eyes and smiled, sending a warmth through him which he had not experienced since his arrival in this life, and he determined to not miss another opportunity to win her. "If you ladies have concluded your business in town, might I accompany you to the inn and treat you to a repast? I heard Mr. Collins commenting last evening that the Hunsford Inn's apple bread was not to be missed." "Apple bread is my favorite," Georgiana replied, her head snapping up with the first hint of a smile Darcy had witnessed in their recent acquaintance. "Is it?" he asked. "Extraordinary." They set out immediately, with him opening the door for the ladies and walking out into the sunshine, Dr. Clarence all but forgotten. He began to softly hum, but had to temper the joy he felt at his sister's upturned spirits when Miss Elizabeth glanced at him from the corner of her eye. The sorrowful mood changed as the three walked companionably onward, and Georgiana's tears were forgotten. Mrs. Collins was not away from them long, as she hurried to catch up, aware of the impropriety of dawdling too long with Mr. Bingley. Darcy, held open the door for the three ladies and they took a seat at a table in the corner by a young girl playing the piano. It was an old Scottish folk song and unexpectedly both Darcy and Georgiana said in unison, "My mother used to play this song." They looked at each other, one smiling and the other in shock. "I wonder if our mothers played this as a duet," Georgiana said. "Did you not say our parents knew one another? You even remembered Uncle Lewis' pointer's name." Darcy swallowed the tea the bar maid had set before him and gave a weak smile. "Quite possibly, yes." "Would you tell me what you remember of my parents? I love to hear stories of them." He watched as his sister's features relaxed at the request. This was his Georgiana, and he would fulfill any request she asked of him. He looked around the table at the other women and nodded. "Of course. Our fathers were friends from Cambridge; they had been in the same society and our mothers had known each other from the women's seminary in London." "How lovely." "Yes." Darcy swallowed, trying not to wander too far from the truth, lest he was called upon to recount the story at another time. "I remember visiting Pemberley as a child and sliding down the bannisters of the grand staircase." "That was one of my favorite memories as a child," Georgiana said, tapping her fingers on the table. "I also remember your housekeeper, a Mrs. Reynolds I believe, taking me down into your kitchens when I fallen from the tree in the garden and scraped my knee." "The willow?" She asked with excitement. "The very one. Our parents were at an event at Lord Malvern's estate and, although I was not too terribly injured, she knew there was nothing a warm scone from Mrs. Roger's kitchen would not fix." "Mrs. Roger's scones," Georgiana said with more feeling than expected in her voice. She then whispered under her breath, "How she cried when I married." "If I might ask," Darcy began, intentionally ignoring the pain in his heart at his sister's statement, "Does Mrs. Roger's still reside at Pemberley? If not, I might have to attempt to steal her and her delicious cooking away." Georgiana offered a weak smile. "I do not believe so. She retired shortly after we took up residence in Kent with my cousin Anne." "You no longer reside at Pemberley?" he asked, regulating his tone. "Not at this time." He recognized the expression which crossed her features. He had seen it twice before, in another life: once upon the death of their father, and the other at the death of her innocence at Ramsgate and he therefore determined he would not press the issue, but seek out information from different sources. "Well, then my own Cook is in luck, and her job is secure." His jest carried the mood as he had intended, and the three women began to discuss local topics and interests, as well as the delicious apple bread. "This is delectable," Elizabeth said, finishing off her slice. "This reminds me of home," Georgiana said, finishing off her piece before reaching for her gloves. "I hope it is a pleasant memory," Darcy replied as the ladies stood. "This whole afternoon has been one pleasant memory after another. I thank you, Mr. Fitzroy, for giving me a moment of my childhood back." "Whenever you wish, I would be happy to do so again." She looked at him quizzically, then seeming to break from her trance she shook her head softly and smiled. "Thank you. I may call in the favor."
15 Hello, readers. Thank you for reading my story. Please leave a review and let me know how you think it is going. Thank you! *Please note, that once the story is complete, I will keep it on Fanfic for 2 weeks, before deleting it and posting it on Amazon KU. BUT, that won't be for a while, and you'll have plenty of time to read it for free. Chapter 5 The sound of hoof beats drowned out the blood coursing through his veins as he pushed his mount faster across the meadows through the back paddock of Rosings. Darcy was grateful Anne had offered him the use of her estate's stables two nights previous at dinner. He needed some way to force out the tension he felt and allow himself to be free of this foreign life. He stopped along the fence which lined the Northern most property and stared out at the expanse before him. I cannot fathom a life without Elizabeth. This world gives me the possibility of that; of a future with the woman I love. But, it also takes away any hope I have of protecting Georgiana. I am at a loss. He leaned over and rubbed the neck of his steed before sitting back up and seeing George Wickham riding from the woods in the distance. The woods were not part of Rosings' Park. They had belonged to the Gafton family for generations, and to Darcy's knowledge still did. The Gaftons did not look favorably on George Wickham, as there had been an incident with the eldest Gafton son losing a considerable amount of money and his Great-Grandfather's pocket watch to Wickham at Cambridge. Mrs. Gafton had never forgiven either party, even upon her death. But, that was in my other life. Who knows what their relationship is now? Darcy wanted no part of Wickham, but on impulse decided to ride in his direction to determine his motives. Wickham slowed his horse upon seeing Darcy. "Mr. Wickham. Good morning." "Good morning, Mr. Fitzroy. You are an early riser." "I am. And I can see, you also prescribe to that school?" Darcy knew the answer to this, but was curious if Wickham had changed at all in this new life. "Not when I can avoid it. No, I had business early this morning with an old school mate. I have also extended an invitation to him for dinner tomorrow evening. Would you express similar wishes to the parsonage and include yourself?" "Of course. I thank you." The men continued silently along the road until Darcy could no longer stand it. "And who might your school chum be? I may know him as well." "Yes, that is true. It is Mr. Gafton." "Peter Gafton?" "Yes, you did know him. "Once again, not very well. I doubt if he would recall me." They rode in silence for thirty more yards before Darcy spoke again. Realizing the impertinence of his question, he framed it in such a way to not allow Wickham to suspect his curiosity. "It must be a significant order of business to take you from Rosings at such an early hour. I hope you found everything well?" "Quite well, thank you," Wickham said, eyeing Darcy for a moment before clearing his throat. "Mr. Fitzroy, I cannot recall much information about your estate. Won't you tell me about it?" "Of course. My estate's name is Pem…brook, Pembrook and is in Salisbury." "What do you farm?" Here Darcy paused. He knew if he made it too large in acreage, Wickham would have questioned why he had not been privy to it in his years at Pemberley. However, if he made it too small, Wickham would discount him as an insignificant landowner. "We have 3,000 acres and are working to increase our production of crops by using the newest methods from–" "Yes, well. I don't follow along with all the land-owning aspects of an estate." "That is what a good steward is for, is it not?" Darcy asked clamly, eyes facing forward. "Indeed." "And Pemberley has always been run with such precession, it is no wonder you need not concern yourself." "True, true," Wickham said, a slight note of agitation in his voice. "I understand from Mrs. Wickham that you no longer reside at Pemberley. If I might ask, would you consider selling it? I might be in the market to increase my holdings in the north…" He allowed his voice to trail off, waiting for a response, but attempting to not appear to anxious. Wickham cleared his throat. "I am not in possession of Pemberley at this time, but when I am, I will not be in the market to sell." "Not in possession?" Darcy had to regulate his tone, still attempting to discover the mystery behind his beloved estate. "Yes. There was an unfortunate business several months ago which caused me to lose possession of it, but, it is merely temporary. I am expecting to regain the deed shortly." Darcy's grip on the reins was the only outward sign of his anger. He forced a smile, then replied, "If you are in need of help, please allow me to be of aid. Your kindness to the parsonage and therefore my situation has not gone unnoticed this last week. I am grateful to you and Mrs. Wickham's benevolence." "Yes. Thank you, I will." Darcy saw the calculating look in his eyes, and knew Wickham believed he had just trapped another stupid sod who he could manipulate. No, my former friend. It is you who will be caught in the snare of your own creation. XXXXX The golden sunlight peeked through the trees and Elizabeth stepped lightly over rocks through the stream which ran along the pathway a distance from the main road. She had walked far that morning, further than she normally did, but she was lost in thoughts of Mr. Fitzroy and his handsome countenance. It was in a moment of pleasure that she started when she heard the voice of Mr. Wickham, and immediately stopped, before moving back into the trees to assure his not seeing her. She quickly realized the danger of her situation if he were to find her alone, and cursed herself for not listening to Jane about bringing a maid with her whenever she went out walking. I will from now on, but hopefully, I will not be in any danger. "Blast that Gafton, and blast Fitzroy for coming upon me!" He stopped his horse and allowed him to nibble at a patch of grass. "It is not as if he suspects anything, he has a head injury after all. But, he does not seem as slow as Collins. No, I will use him for my benefit, but will ensure his allegiance to my cause first." He kicked the hind quarters of his horse and immediately shot across the pasture towards Rosings, allowing Elizabeth to remain undetected. After a moment, she stepped out from behind the tree and returned to the path watching him fade into the distance, her concern for Mr. Fitzroy escalating. I have never met Mr. Gafton, but can only wonder what kind of man he could be if he is a confidant of Mr. Wickham and what they could have concocted. I do hope it is not a detriment to Mrs. Wickham. She wandered down the pathway, her thoughts no longer on the handsome countenance of a man, but instead on the miserable life her friend must live. Poor Georgiana. For someone so young to be eternally tied to such a despicable man. She was shaken out of her reverie by the sound of hoof beats behind her. She jumped back and turned to face Mr. Fitzroy, who had alighted from his stallion. "Miss Bennet. I hope I did not frighten you." "Forgive me, sir. I was lost in thought and wandered further than I ought. I am grateful it was you who came upon me and not another." He glanced over her shoulder towards the direction Wickham had departed, and returned his gaze to her. "I imagine your fears were justified if they pertain to whom I was most recently conversing with. But do not concern yourself, Miss Bennet. I will not allow harm to come to you from that corner." He held out his hand to indicate the direction of the road, and they continued to walk, the horse was content to leisurly follow nibbling on grass. "Do you often walk this early in the morning?" "I do, but rarely so far. I was lost in thoughts and was unaware of the direction my feet were taking me." A deep chuckle met her upturned gaze, and she wondered at the comfort she found in the sound. "That has happened to me on occasion when I am wandering through Pem…brook, and wished I could forget obligations and just reside in nature for an unspecified amount of time." "We are kindred spirits, Mr. Fitzroy. Many a day my mother had to send one of the maids out onto the estate looking for me." "And where would they often find you?" he asked, a grin spreading across his face. Her breath caught and she lowered her eyes, hoping he couldn't read her admiration. "Depending upon the season, they would often find me in the heights of an apple tree, enjoy its offerings, or curled up in the meadow at the base of my favorite stump reading." "And in the winter?" She bit her lip, and snickered. "Winter was when I shamed my mother the most." "I cannot imagine you shaming anyone, Miss Bennet." "But you are not a mother attempting to marry off her five daughters. My mother prides herself on having become a gentleman's wife by marrying my father. We girls were not privy to household chores or kitchen niceties for my mother feared it would diminish our luster to a man of high standing. And even then, the only interested party was Mr. Collins." She shrugged her shoulders and smiled up at Mr. Fitzroy. "In the winter, our maid would track me to Lucas Lodge where my dear friend Charlotte and I would sit in the kitchen and listen to their cook, Mrs. Marks, who had come over from America. She would tell us stories of the New World and the war with the colonists. But, even better," she said smiling. "She taught us how to bake American treats–Johnny cakes, and biscuits, which are like scones, which you slather with marmalade or jam. They are quite delicious." "And Mrs. Bennet did not approve?" Elizabeth laughed at her memories before replying. "Had my sister Jane, or even Lydia, found their way into Charlotte's kitchen, I am certain her acceptance of this pastime would have been much different. However, she was not keen on her second eldest daughter discrediting her place in society by being privy to work in a kitchen. Once again, you can see how her fears have not held weight with our comparative prospects." They continued walking, over a bridge and through a pasture, before he replied, "And your other sisters? They have no interest in what you find as curiosities?" "My other sisters? Oh, no sir. I know you are familiar with their names, but not with their characters. My youngest Lydia and then Catherine, or Kitty who is just older than she, have no times for walks, books, or treats from a kitchen. Their heads are filled with officers as, much to my mother's delight, an encampment of militia has just been quartered in Meryton." "You do not feel the joy your sisters feel?" he asked, kicking a rock from the pathway. "No, not at all. I dare say, it is pleasant to have so many new faces nearby, but these officers go against everything my mother has ever wanted for us. They are young, unlearned, and struggling to live off of their pay. How could their circumstances ever encourage felicity in a marriage with such little prospects?" Darcy's brows rose at her pronouncement. "Miss Bennet. If I did not know any better, I would say that your statement was quite mercenary." She felt her cheeks coloring as she formulated a response to his teasing. "It is not that I am mercenary, sir. I am a realist. I once believed that only the strongest love would induce me to matrimony. Yet, with the circumstances of my Jane…I see that I might not have all the options presented to me to guarantee my felicity in life. Therefore, I will not lose my heart to just anyone, but will take care to lose it to a man who can provide well for me." She paused for a moment before continuing. "My dear friend Charlotte Lucas once said that 'happiness in marriage is only a matter of chance.' I do not believe that entirely, but imagine if a man of good breeding and intellect were to present himself to me, and he were in possession of three- thousand a year, I might allow my heart to be touched." "Even if there was no love?" "I do not wish to risk the same fate as my dearest sister by the hands of our parents. No, a woman's chances are too precarious for objection, but also too precarious to be picky. You see, Mr. Fitzroy? Another good reason you have been blessed to be born who you are–the master of Pembrook in Salisbury." "Yes, well…" They continued their walk, quietly taking in all around them, when Elizabeth remembered a key occurrence. "Mr. Fitzroy. If I may. I am concerned about something I heard Mr. Wickham say before you rode up." He stopped and turned to face her. "Did he attempt to accost you?" She blushed for his concern before replying. "No, he was not aware of my presence." "Good." Attempting to calm the fluttering in her heart, she said, "It is unfortunate Mr. Wickham does not hide his intentions from anyone, least of all his wife. That is why I usually am not alone. But once again, today I walked farther than I ought and should have brought a maid. I am just grateful it was you who came up behind me." "Miss Elizabeth," he said with great feeling. "Know that if he ever hurts you, it will be the last thing he ever does on this earth." She was taken aback by his almost declaration. "Sir, I thank you. Mr. Wickham's attentions are tiresome, and I have no reinforcement for my resistance, other than my sister, Miss de Bourgh, and Mrs. Wickham herself. But what can we really do? No, your presence, especially on your first day at the parsonage, is most helpful." "Miss Elizabeth. I have known…of the man for many years and have witnessed the trail of his destruction of both persons and positions. He is not a man with a conscious, and you should never regard him as such." "Of that, Mr. Fitzroy, I assure I do not." She watched his hands clench and unclench, his jaw tighten and his nostrils flare. How can I feel such a connection to a person who until only a few days ago was so unconnected to me? "Miss Bennet. I am afraid I interrupted you a moment ago. What was it you wished to tell me?" "Oh, yes," she said tugging at the edge of her spenser. "I am concerned with Mr. Wickham's intentions towards you. I overheard him say that he was going to 'use you to his benefit' and 'assure allegiance to his cause.' I am uncertain of his meaning, but know he does not take kindly to people who he believes is at crosses with him." Mr. Fitzroy chuckled, and she saw the corners of his eyes crinkle as he looked up at the canopy of trees above them. "Miss Bennet," he said more so to himself than her. "I can only hope that Wickham would attempt such an ill planned scheme. Then I could do something I should have done in a previous lifetime!" XXXXX The sherry glass was shattered on the floor by the fireplace, another indication that her mother had once again thought too hard about the circumstances surrounding their current house guests. The high back chair was overturned and the candle sticks from the night stand rested on the floor by the window. The woman herself slumped across the couch, sleeping off the most recent effects of imbibing too heavily. Anne de Bourgh shook her head with resignation. What has become of our world? A world where George Wickham acts as master of Rosings? This is a nightmare. But she could not change matters. She was not yet thirty, and according to her father's will, until that time, her mother was the mistress of her estate. My estate that she is running into the ground at every possible whim of that man! She closed the door behind her and made her way down the hallway, past the master's suite which he now occupied, and the empty mistresses' quarters. That he would demand my father's room, then relegate Georgiana to a separate room further down the family wing. "But at least she is not required to act as his wife in the truest sense," she whispered, passing a footman before walking through her own bedroom door and locking it behind her. She removed her gloves and waited for her maid to remove her boots and change her dress for tea. It was bad enough that mother encouraged the match between Wickham and Georgie, but to have her openly defy uncle Matlock causing such a rift between our families that not even he can protect Georgiana. It is left up to me. She envisioned the shy young cousin with golden curls who Anne had played with as a youth, and wished that Georgiana had not been an only child, but had a brother to protect her. I am alone, and have always been, but my mother's interference protected me. No one wants a girl of little to no accomplishment, who is wasting away in Kent waiting for her cousin, the Viscount, to marry her. Yet, how could my Uncle Darcy have been so deceived as to trust the most worthless man in all of England with the care of care of his most precious child? And then to make Wickham and my intended her guardians? They care little for anything other than themselves. She stood at the window and watched as one of the aforementioned men rode her horse into the stable yard and dismounted. Wickham, you are so despicable. What do you have planned which would cause you to arise so early this morning? As he handed the reins to the boy, she cringed at his actions towards the child. His fists flew, and he knocked the servant to the ground. Even the help is not safe. And there is nothing I can truly do to protect them. My mother bows to all of Wickham's demands. Grabbing a book, she moved to the other window and sat in the chair looking away from the stables. After twenty-minutes of reading, a movement caught her eye. Mr. Fitzroy was approaching the house from Rosing's woods before turning to return his horse. Darcy. What did my mother mean by calling him Darcy? She watched his approach and gazed at his face, a strange sensation coming over her. Closing her book she stood and grabbed her spenser, before heading down to the stables. XXXXX "Mr. Fitzroy. Was your ride enjoyable?" Darcy looked up and smiled, before catching himself. "Yes…Miss de Bourgh. It was. I cannot thank you enough for the use of your beasts." Guard yourself, man! You almost addressed her as Anne. "This one is most especially beautiful," he said turning from her and rubbing the muzzle of the stallion the groom was preparing to lead into the stables. "That is Odysseus." "Odysseus?" "Yes, he is the son of my Uncle Darcy's favorite stud…" "Laertes," Darcy finished for her. She nodded at him. "Sir, while you are residing at the parsonage, Odysseus is yours to use." "Miss de Bourgh–" "I am not used to being questioned or ignored, by anyone other than my mother, so I insist. The groom will be informed, and I expect you to take full advantage of the situation." "Thank you. You are most generous." She nodded, then indicated the path leading to the gardens. "I was hoping to take a turn about the grounds before the chill set in. Will you walk with me?" "Of course." They ambled along with Anne pointing out places of interest, all which Darcy remembered: the hermitage; a fountain; a sculpture garden, which began as a maze, but to his memory, Lady Catherine had abandoned when she discovered her sister-in-law Lady Matlock had one two acres larger at Matlock house. "You seem pleased with the grounds, Sir." He nodded appraisingly. "Who would not be, Miss de Bourgh. It is an impressive estate, and you seem well versed on the running of it." She nodded. "My mother became ill only a year ago, but I had always prepared myself to run my estate. My Uncle Darcy felt it was in my interest as I will inherit Rosings and my betrothed will inherit Matlock House and the Earldom. Two estates will take more attention." "You are to marry the Viscount?" he asked clasping his hands behind his back. "Yes." "And when is the great event to take place?" He heard a soft snort. "When the time is right for both of us, I suppose. With my mother's illness, plans have stalled." They walked a little further, before coming to a small pond which hadn't quite frozen over yet. "My Uncle was most attentive to me." "I am unaware if Mrs. Wickham told you, but my father also knew both your uncle Darcy and Lady Anne Darcy. He spoke of them with fondness. I even visited Pemberley as a child." "Yes. Georgiana did tell me." They watched as the ducks waddled around the edge of the water. "I am sure you heard my mother say my uncle's name the other night at dinner, Mr. Fitzroy." "Yes." "I could not understand why at that moment she would call him to memory. However, over the last few days, I have considered the occurrence. When did you last see my uncle, Sir?" He turned his head and gazed out over the pond. "It has been many years. I could not even say I knew what he looked like." "That is most interesting, because I do. And you sir, look as if you could be his son. Are you sure your name is Fitzroy?"
Hello, readers. Thank you for reading my story. Please leave a review and let me know how you think it is going. I appreciate your feedback up to this point. Conscience to consciousness throws me off when I'm editing, so thank you Katriaine! If anyone sees anything else, please chime in. I will be trying to post at least a chapter a week. Hopefully that will pick up around the holidays. *As always, please note, that once the story is complete, I will keep it on Fanfic for 2 weeks, before deleting it and posting it on Amazon KU. BUT, that won't be for a while, and you'll have plenty of time to read it for free. Chapter 6 Fitzwilliam Darcy was not a story teller. He had never been one to spin a tale to entertain an audience or to amuse his listeners. But that had changed. In this new world, he found himself constantly embellishing, fabricating, and concocting stories to not only please his audience but to give himself a past. For a man who abhorred deceit in any form, he was quite adept at the art of duplicity. But, my deceit is not like that of Wickham's. I am using mine for survival in a world which I know nothing about; to attain a closeness with those I love. He uses lies to manipulate others and better his situation and steal from those who trust him. Contemplating those truths, he looked around the sparse dining room in the Bingley home and felt a heavy weight. He wasn't certain what had brought his friend to his present circumstances, but if he had to guess, he was certain Mrs. Bingley was not supportive of their current plight. "And how long have you and Mrs. Bingley been married?" Charles Bingley, sitting took a long drink of his port before responding. "It has been two years in November." "Two years? So, it was shortly after your graduation from Cambridge?" "Yes," he slightly slurred. "If you recall, my father was in trade. I have no connections, but believed I had made solid friendships at university which would help raise the circumstances of myself and my family. I now realize how wrong I was." "Do you not have an older sister who is married?" Bingley nodded, and took another sip. "Luisa had only recently become betrothed and her future mother and father were more interested in her dowry than furthering family relations." Darcy nodded and quietly sipped at his port. His silence encouraged his friend who was already on his third glass. "I am not much of a gambler, but was introduced to a few men who I was lead to believe had my best interest at heart. Unfortunately, I was deceived." "How so?" Darcy asked leaning forward, his glass dangling from his fingertips mid-air. "I had just been introduced to the elder brother of my wife, Lionel Chesterfield, at a hunting party held at Pemberley." "Pemberley?" "Yes. Mr. Darcy and the current Mrs. Wickham were in Scotland. Mr. Wickham held a shooting party while they were away." Bingley finished his drink and stood to pour another, forcing Darcy to wonder if he should stop him or allow him to continue using the truth-serum giving him the information he most desired. "And that is where you met Chesterfield?" "Yes. Do you know him?" Darcy nodded. "I have come across him in London. He is a most…interesting man." Bingley smirked. "I see you do know my brother then." His smile faded. "After a day of shooting, we played cards, where I lost terribly and drank. I am not one to hold my drink very well. Somewhere during that time Chesterfield offered to introduce me to his sister, a woman whose beauty Wickham, Gafton and Viscount Wenton–" "Viscount Wenton? Alfred was there?" "Yes," Bingley nodded. "They assured me of the beauty and grace of Chesterfield's sister, Rosalind. Before the end of the week, I had somehow agreed to become engaged to her. I know not how it happened. Everything was a haze." Darcy knew how it happened. Bingley had been in a den of wolves who had agreed on a course of action which would ensure Chesterfield's security through his sister's marriage to Bingley. Charles. I have failed you. "Within a month I was married. My sister's new family was not pleased. They were apparently at odds with the Chesterfield's over some land. This, however did not concern me. I had only my wife and her family to prove my allegiance to, not my sister's intended." He stumbled back to the couch and set his half-spilled glass on the table top. "Come, Fitzroy. I must bore you with my tale." "Not at all. I am merely enjoying a glass of port with a university chum. I am willing to listen all night if you like." It was true. He had no qualms staying and listening to Bingley's tale, but had to admit it was more out of selfishness than benevolence. He had to moderate his tone and eagerness, and gently encouraged Bingley to continue. "Rosalind was a most affectionate wife, and we had weeks of great joy. She convinced me to take a house in Mayfield, which pleased my sister Caroline a great deal, and we three took up residence." "Your sister, Miss Bingley. Are she and Mrs. Bingley great friends?" A snort came from Bingley, who in his defense attempted to hide it by raising his handkerchief. "My wife and my sister no longer speak. My sister has lately gone to America." "America?" Darcy asked with raised brows. "She must be a most adventurous lady. I admire her spirit of discovery." "Yes," was all Bingley's reply as he took another sip. The room grew quiet and the fire crackled, the warmth from the room and his drink spreading through him. Sensing the moment passing, he struck with one more question. "And now, my friend, I wonder what took you from Mayfield to a small mercantile in Hunsford?" Bingley gave a sad laugh. "Once again, Fitzroy. I am not good at cards." XXXXX He handed the reins of Odysseus to the stable boy who upon the orders of Miss de Bourgh had stayed with the parsonage's servants until Darcy's return. It had been a long evening. After they had finished a bottle of port, they returned to the company of Mrs. Bingley in the small music room, where she played for them. Upon Bingley falling into a drunken sleep, Darcy had recognized the gleem in Mrs. Bingley's eye and the danger he was in. He promptly rose and excused himself for the evening, leaving a groggy Bingley and a displeased Mrs. Bingley. It may have been a life time ago, but I remember the rumors of you, Rosalind Chesterfield, and the woman of little character and morals that you were. I am only saddened for my friend who did not receive the counsel he should have. Darcy entered the parsonage and wandered into the darkened hallway, handing his coat to the servant, before deciding to go to the sitting room to think on what he had learned that night, and all that he had not. I could not ask him about Pemberley…not yet, at least. He was thick enough with Wickham that he will be aware of what occurred. But, he was obviously struggling with his own demons. I could not push him any further. And to have such a wife! I would hope that any man would choose wiser than Rosalind Chesterfield! He opened to door to the sitting room, and there with her legs tucked under her, sat Elizabeth by the fire reading. "Eli…Miss Bennet." "Mr. Fitzroy!" she stumbled to stand and thrust the book quickly behind her back. His eyebrows raised as he watched her uneven breathing begin to regulate. "I take it your book is pleasurable?" He walked to the chair and sat across from her when she herself returned to her seat. "Pardon my reaction. It is just that Jane was in bed, and Mr. Collins had to depart to _shire on an errand for Lady Catherine and has yet to return." "And your book…?" Elizabeth raised her chin. "Is one which Mr. Collins forbade me to read, because of its questionable morals." Her eyes sparkled with challenge. "Forbade you? Miss Elizabeth, I do not believe anyone could forbid you from anything." He chuckled and watched as her cheeks began to warm at the praise. "Possibly a gothic novel? Maybe a novel of unrequited love?" He raised a brow and she matched his expression with a crooked grin. "What is this book which will bring about your ruination, Madame?" he asked extending his hand. She hesitantly took it from behind her back and stretched the well-worn copy out to him, as he sputtered in surprise. "Shakespeare's Sonnets? Mr. Collins forbade you from reading Shakespeare's Sonnets?" Elizabeth inhaled slowly before releasing her breath. "My new brother believes a young lady must never educate herself with literature which can be construed as a vice." "A vice? Shakespeare?" "According to Mr. Collins, the Bard has many areas in need of improvement before a young lady of reputable character should be allowed to be exposed to his writing." "How can his character improve when he has been dead for over two hundred years?" "It is apparent my brother was not a studier of the Classics, sir." Darcy chuckled and reclined further back in his chair while Elizabeth continued. "I have been informed that due to Romeo and Juliet's breaking of the commandment to honor their father and mother, and marrying in secret, this caused their untimely death." "That is true," Darcy replied with great thought. "However, the real question remains: do you not believe their affection was real or was it merely produced by Cupid's haphazard arrow?" She sat in mock contemplation. "I believe that 200 years after his death, the great Mr. Shakespeare would know in a small parsonage in Kent a young woman would have to hold her tongue of its natural inclination towards the man who would one day determine if she were to live in her family's ancestral home or the hedgerows. I do believe that while lying in repose, Master Shakespeare is laughing at the irony of it." "As would anyone with sense about them." She gave a soft laugh and the room grew silent. The crackling and popping of sap on the wood in the fire gave life to the room, as its two occupants absorbed the other's presence. Elizabeth began to gather her things. "The hour grows late, Mr. Fitzroy. I should go to bed." "As should I," he said leaning forward. "Yet, I find I cannot clear my mind of the jumble of the evenings events." Elizabeth ceased her actions. "What troubles you? I have previously proven myself to be an adequate listener, but would prove it again if you need me." "I would enjoy the company if it is not too much trouble." His eyes met hers, and she swallowed. "It is no trouble at all. Please tell me about your evening." She set her things on the table next to her and directed her attention to him. Where to begin? He drummed his fingers on his leg and leaned his head back before beginning. "I remember Mr. Bingley from Cambridge. He was a very good man, and I am afraid I lost track of him and did not witness the path his life took. His unfortunate circumstances…they are ones he does not deserve." "I agree." He cleared his throat before continuing on. "He was a good friend to those close to him, and I believe that had I been more part of his life, it might have turned out differently. That his marital circumstances would at least be more of one built on a firmer foundation." She met his eyes, and he weighed his words. "I do not wish to insult a lady, but I do not believe Mrs. Bingley is his equal, and it saddens me. No one deserves misery for their earthly existence. We have but one life, Miss Elizabeth. To choose a partner is a substantial responsibility for one's self and one's future posterity." Elizabeth tilted her head and gazed off into the fire. "Do you recall how I once said that happiness in marriage was a matter of chance? Although I understand the sentiment, I believe many have a much better possibility of success than others. Two people who know nothing of each other's shortcomings or strengths might find one or two similarities in personality. However, what if they do not? What if their character is so devoid of feeling or understanding that their choice is detrimental to their happiness?" "Like Bingley," he said, interlacing his fingers and resting them on his leg. Elizabeth smirked. "If I were to take a page from my dearest sister, the Jane of three months ago, I would say that Mr. Bingley might still find happiness in his marriage." "Of three months ago?" A bitter laugh escaped before she replied. "I do not know if she would still believe those sentiments." He pursed his lips and ran his hand through his hair while listening to the wind outside blow through the trees in Mr. Collin's garden. "I cannot pretend to know Mrs. Collins' circumstances, but I do believe to have happiness in marriage there must be a union of like minds or at least like purposes to accomplish that. Mrs. Bingley has neither." "Nor does Mr. Collins," she whispered. She fanned the pages of her book with her thumb, causing the small tendrils around her face to dance in the breeze. "What would you deem a necessity to a happy marriage, Miss Bennet?" He watched her as she began to chew on her bottom lip in concentration. "Respect. If one does not respect their spouse, there can be no degree of affection. He nodded and she continued. "There must also be a mutual admiration for who they really are, and not for what they have." "Such as?" She arched her brow and smiled. "Such as, I wish to be appreciated for my ability to speak Greek and Latin, and not for my dowry, although meager." He raised his brow. "Milas ellenika?" Her laughed filled the room and his heart raced at the sound. "Of course, I can speak Greek, Mr. Fitzroy. How else do you propose I help my father translate the classics?" He slowly shook his head, and his eyes never left her as he unconsciously breathed a reply. "Remarkable." She blushed at his praise but shrugged. "My father did not produce an heir. I had an interest in learning more than just niceties for the drawing room, and filled the role of his missing son. It might surprise you to know that I am quite adept at land management as well." "Nothing about you surprises me, Miss Bennet." Nor has it ever. "And is this one of the many accomplishments on your list to entice suitors? Speaks Greek and Latin, plays the piano, sings, and can sew?" She giggled and her curls bounced again. Her eyes danced at his sally, and he knew he loved her just as much in this life as he did in the other. "Greek and Latin are not accomplishments to boast of, sir. Unless my suitor was an Oxford scholar, or Homer himself." "I assure you, Madame. An Oxford man would not appreciate your intelligence. But one from Cambridge would cultivate it as he would his own." Her laugh interrupted him before he continued. "I cannot speak for Homer, but would say he might have used you as his muse for the wife of Odysseus." "No," she furrowed her brow. "I am not Penelope…I have no kingdom of Ithaca as a dowry, nor can I weave a funeral shroud for twenty years. My sewing is much more rudimentary, and there are not one hundred and eight men vying for my hand." He recognized the change in her tone, and didn't know if it was this new name which empowered him––made all the formalities and stiffness of Fitzwilliam Darcy push to the side. But he at once knew how it felt to be his cousin Richard, and responded to her accordingly. "Miss Elizabeth. I am certain any man lost to you would travel as far and wide as Odysseus to return." Another rosy glow spread across her cheeks, and she replied. "It does feel strange, though," she began before shaking her head, and ceasing her thoughts. Darcy gently prodded, "Miss Bennet, we are friends here. There will be no remonstrations with what you wish to share." "I almost forgot myself, sir." I wish you would! He crafted his answer before replying. "How are we to unburden each other if we do not fully communicate?" She was quiet for another moment before replying, "I was to say that because as Penelope, I feel someone has been lost to me; that I have been waiting for one who I belong to." Her gaze rose up to meet his, and he felt a fissure run through him. "I wonder at times, if he may be right before me, but I do not recognize him." "As did Penelope?" "Yes. As did Penelope." He leaned towards her in his chair, cutting the distance separating them. "Odysseus's devotion was powerful," he whispered, his deep baritone encircling both of them with its sound. "Yes," she breathed back. "His love never ceased. Through all his trials, he continued onward to Ithaca." "Yes," she breathed again. His gaze held hers, and the room was thick with an unspoken avowal, before the intensity of his voice made her breath catch. "I promise, you. It would not have taken me twenty years to return…" "Lizzy?" Both Darcy and Elizabeth jumped at the voice from the doorway as Mrs. Collins stood there watching the unfolding scene. "Yes, Jane?" Elizabeth asked, standing at once and straightening her skirt. "I was just retiring for the evening. Did you forget something downstairs?" Jane looked from Elizabeth to Darcy before replying. "No. I found what I was looking for. Come upstairs, Lizzy. Goodnight, Mr. Fitzroy." "Goodnight, Mrs. Collins." He bowed as Elizabeth left the room, and her elder sister allowed her to pass by before nodding at Darcy and following her up the stairs. Jane Bennet is a wise woman. XXXXX Money was on display at Rosings the following night as Elizabeth studied the assembled group in the drawing room with perplexity. One would assume more carriages were expected; that maybe a ball or that Prinny himself had come to dine with the party, with all the silks and jewels on display. Such a motley crew. She glanced from the party from the parsonage, to those from Rosings Park. She had never been made to feel her station from that corner, and did not tonight either. Perhaps it was the gift from Mr. Fitzroy that her brother Collins had allowed both Jane and herself to accept which made it seem less obvious that she was merely the daughter of a poor country squire. Elizabeth had traced the soft butter-cream ribbons which adorned the silk shawl before handing it to the footman upon their arrival. She was certain Mr. Fitzroy had looked pleased when she had worn her pale blue gown with almost the same color of matching ribbon at the waist. She had never owned anything so fine. A clearing throat brought her back to the present, and she was dismayed to glance up and see Mr. Gafton smiling at her. She did not trust Mr. Wickham's guest, and determined to stay as far from him as possible as she watched him swallow his fourth glass of whiskey and turn from her to leer at Georgiana. But, truth be told, it was not his presence which surprised her. It was that of Mr. and Mrs. Bingley which gave her pause. There was no logical explanation for it, considering their history. And Mr. Bingley looks quite uncomfortable. True, he is dressed as a gentleman, and has all the characteristics, more so than Wickham, but he is not…tranquil. The set of his jaw indicates he is here against his will. And, it is no wonder who forced his hand. At that moment, a shrill peal of laughter reverberated throughout the room. Lady Catherine jumped from her stupor against her companion and Georgiana's glass rattled on the table. All heads turned to Mrs. Bingley as she openly drew her fingers up Mr. Wickham's arm, and rested her hand on his shoulder. "Oh, Mr. Wickham. I forget how humorous you are. It has been far too long since we have been in your company. Don't you agree, Charles?" Mr. Bingley glanced across the room as his wife's laughter become more raucous. Elizabeth felt Jane wince at the barb, and watched as he walked towards Mr. Fitzroy who was standing by the window, and begin to converse calmly. "I do not feel it is in the best interest of a husband for his wife to be so friendly with another man," Jane said breaking into Elizabeth's thoughts. Drawing her head closer to her sister's, Elizabeth replied, "I agree. But there is little that can be done for a man who has chosen such a wife. It is good of you to remember to not follow her example. That you put your husbands' needs above your own when in society is a testament to your goodness." "Yes," Jane said quietly. Elizabeth hated reminding Jane that she was married to such a man as Mr. Collins. His sycophantic sounds could be heard across the room essentially scraping at the hem of Miss de Bourgh. If he were only a rational creature…If our father had only put money aside and not relied so much upon having sons until it was too late. Maybe then, my dear sister could have gone to London and met a man acquainted with our Aunt and Uncle who could have done her credit. Yet, how my dear Jane endures, I know not. I could not imagine looking upon him as my husband. The image which flashed in her mind was from dinner the previous evening when, once again, Mr. Collins had eaten too much at once, and had choked on a piece of chicken. The servants had all rushed and begun slapping his back until the wayward piece spewed forth from his mouth and had landed on her plate. Dinner was not palatable after that. He had gone to bed immediately, but Jane had remained with Elizabeth, who was certain Mr. Collins would require comfort from his wife which she did not wish to give. Poor, Jane. Elizabeth was brought back to the present by the snorting laugh of Mrs. Bingley who stood and released the arm of Mr. Wickham when the butler came in and announced dinner. Elizabeth watched as Mrs. Bingley waited for Wickham to stand before wrapping her hands back around his upper arm. "Mrs. Wickham, you don't mind, do you? Your husband and I were having the most delightful conversation, that it would be a shame to end it too soon." Georgiana's formed a tight line. "Not at all, Mrs. Bingley." "Good. You can borrow my husband if you'd like. He's not as lively as he once was, but he can still walk you into dinner." Elizabeth saw Mr. Bingley grimace, before turning a pleasant smile to Georgiana. "Mrs. Wickham. May I?" he asked, extending his hand to her, but stealing a glance at Jane. Her hesitation was slight. "Yes, I thank you." Georgiana reached up and placed her hand on Mr. Bingley's arm. They began to depart the room when a rusty voice from the couch snarled. "Will you ignore me in my own home? Rosalind Chesterfield, I don't know what you are about, but I remember the likes of your mother when we were girls. You will wait until the mistresses of the house precedes you!" Turning to the men, she held up her hand. "Mr. Gafton, you will escort Georgiana. Mr. Collins, you will escort Anne. Mr. Bingley, you will escort Mrs. Collins, and Miss Bennet you will come in alone." She scanned the room her eyes resting on Mr. Fitzroy before she spoke again. "Darcy, you will escort me." Elizabeth watched as both Mr. Fitzroy and Georgiana jumped at the name. "Mama, once again, that is not Uncle Darcy. That is Mr. Fitzroy," Miss de Bourgh said with an edge to her voice. Lady Catherine sniffed dismissively and held out her hand, while Mr. Fitzroy walked towards her and extended his arm. "Lady Catherine. May I escort you in to dinner?" She reached up and patted his cheek. "Oh, George, my dear brother. I knew you would come back and save me." Darcy nearly wavered at the shock of his Aunt using his father's given name, but recovered quickly enough when she demanded he escort her into dinner. He offered a nod to Wickham and exited the drawing room first, his feet knowing directly where to travel. He felt the tug on his arm and looked down at his aunt. "Yes, Lady Catherine?" "I expect I shocked that upstart. He has no place at the head of my table, nor does that Chesterfield woman!" Her vehemence was strong and Darcy wasn't sure how to respond. "Do not worry, Darcy. Your secret is safe with me." He went rigid before replying. "Lady Catherine, I must ask why you insist on calling me Darcy? My name is William Fitzroy." "If that is what you wish," she said as he pulled the chair out for her. "You will sit to my right, Mr. Fitzroy. Mr. Bingley, you will sit to my left. I am not fond of a tradesman at my table, but need men I can trust on both sides of me. Miss Bennet, you will sit to the right of Mr. Fitzroy, and Mrs. Collins, you will sit to the left of Mr. Bingley. Anne you will sit at the foot of the table, with Mr. Wickham and Mr. Collins to your right, and Miss Chesterfield, Mr. Gafton and Georgiana to your left." She cleared her throat and took a sip of her wine. "Mr. Collins. I believe you must liberally preach the ills of sin to Mr. Wickham. He was unable to attend your services this past Sunday and missed your well-thought out sermon." Wickham's nostrils flared and his jaw tensed. "Lady Catherine. I believe you forget yourself." "No, Mr. Wickham. More correctly, I believe I am remembering myself." Turning to Darcy, she said, "Darcy, you and Bingley must go for a ride with me tomorrow in my barouche box. I insist. Tell my sister Lady Anne we have business to attend to, and her company is not needed. Mr. Bingley, you will have your wife look after your shop. I am sure she is quite capable for menial tasks." Lady Catherine stood and threw her napkin on the table while everyone stared at her, mouths agape, before the men stood. "I am tired of the company and will take a tray in my room. Darcy, I will expect you and Bingley at ten tomorrow morning. Do not be late." "Yes, Lady Catherine," Darcy replied, watching her go, as the rest of the room remained silent. Does she still believe I am my father? After she had exited, a quiet buzz began down at the other end of the table. Darcy looked from Wickham to Anne. One's eyes were filled with steel while the other's looked exhausted. Anne's head was bent while Wickham spoke quietly at her. Across the table, Georgiana appeared flustered. "Mr. Fitzroy, Bingley. I hope you are not concerned with actually appearing at Rosings tomorrow. Lady Catherine will forget her antics this evening and will not be expecting you." Darcy watched Anne's features, and replied accordingly. "I thank you for the advice, Mr. Wickham, but can only speak for myself. I will arrive by ten. If Lady Catherine has truly forgotten, I will return to the parsonage." "As will I," Bingley said tightly. "Bingley, there is no reason for you to come. She will be horrified to think she requested your company." Bingley reached for his glass and took a sip of wine. His emotions were barely beneath the surface as he set it down and turned to Wickham. "I thank you for your concern, Wickham. But, I have learned to abide my own council when yours is presented." There was a slight gasp from Mrs. Bingley and an unspoken tenseness grew from his words. Darcy saw Elizabeth reach for Georgiana's hand under the table, and Mrs. Collins inhaled and clasped her hands in her lap. The only one oblivious to the activity playing out in the dining room, was Mr. Collins who had just finished his last slurp of white soup and had unceremoniously turned to Mr. Wickham. "What delicious soup, sir. If only Mrs. Collins and I could possess a cook with such capable talent."
Hello, readers. Thank you for reading my story. Please leave a review and let me know how you think it is going. I appreciate your feedback up to this point. Thank you for drawing my attention to 'How does he have money/where does his money come from?" I accidently took out the part with that information, so I'll make sure to include it in the final version. Also, that you felt like a section of the chapter just stopped abruptly. Noted and thank you for your feedback. I will still try to post at least a chapter a week, but with my job and the holidays coming up, I might slow down a bit, but I'm hoping to keep plugging along. *As always, please note, that once the story is complete, I will keep it on Fanfic for 2 weeks, before deleting it and posting it on Amazon KU. BUT, that won't be for a while, and you'll have plenty of time to read it for free. Chapter 7 When Fitzwilliam Darcy was only twenty years old, his father began to suffer from heart maladies. The Darcy patriarch had been in his mid-forties, but recognized the precariousness of life after having lost his beloved Anne only eight years before. He was a man of caution, and extreme preparation. "Fitzwilliam, I am a man of great power and wealth, just as you will be. I have secured your happiness, as my forefathers did for me. But, there could come a time in which an unexpected event occurs. Something of such magnitude that Pemberley could not recover, or you or your sister find yourself in such a situation that being a Darcy could not save you. Because of that, I have made provisions to protect what I love the most." He had then outlined his plan; his strategy to ensure his children's happiness. When the hens of the ton cackled about young Fitzwilliam Darcy and his ten-thousand pounds, little did they know the surface was only being scratched of his worth. With holdings in several countries, the coffers of the Darcy family would have made even his Aunt, Lady Catherine's greedy heart stop beating. When he had introduced himself to Elizabeth and Miss Bennet, he had unconsciously used the name Fitzroy, which was the name his father kept on the private account in London. He had been appraised of it the before he left on his grand tour at the age of one and twenty. After a day of fencing at the club, and dinner at White's, they were enjoying a brandy in his father's study when he divulged his secreted funds. "But why father?" "Because, Fitzwilliam. One never knows what will occur in this lifetime. I was friends with a man at Cambridge, Edmund Fitzroy. He was heir to a great estate in Edinburgh, and would one day become the head of a family with seven sisters, and no brothers. They farmed ten-thousand acres of merino sheep, and he was set to inherit everything, when the unthinkable happened." "What?" Darcy leaned forward to listen to his father. "His father died, and a man came forward to claim the estate." "How?" "This man claimed to be the first-born son from an unknown wedding from his father's university days." "What?" Darcy rocked back in surprise, mouth agape. "Yes. And it was true." George Darcy had stood and walked to the side board to set his glass down. "His father's friends were unaware, because it took place in his first year. He married his mother's lady's maid in Gretna Green, then realized the ramifications. They annulled the marriage, and he did not know about the child. When the young woman came to tell him, his mother discovered it, and established the young maid in America. It was not until after Edmund's father's death that his first son appeared to claim his inheritance." "But how?" "He had the marriage license, and the annulment didn't occur until a month from the date of the wedding. He was conceived on their wedding night." Darcy reached his glass up, and his father poured him another, chuckling as he did. "So, you see, my son. One never knows what will come about to foil our plans." Darcy swallowed and inhaled deeply. "Is this your way of telling me that George Wickham is my brother?" "What? Heavens no, Fitzwilliam." The older Mr. Darcy began to chuckle. "No, George is my godson, but definitely not my child. He has none of the Darcy sense about him, and is too prodigal with means he does not possess. I am hoping he will see the error of his ways before it is too late, and go into the church. But, that is a conversation for another day, my son. Today, I will enlighten you on the account for Mr. Fitzroy." "Fitzroy?" "Yes. That is what I named it in honor of my friend who after the resurrection of his brother from the other side of the blanket, was thrown out with his sisters and mother to fend for themselves." "Did they have no family?" "Yes, but with seven sisters, a mother and himself, the coffers would be too far depleted for him to live the life he was accustomed to from the charity of others. No," he finished, as Darcy took the last swallow of his brandy. "You will never face the same fate." "And when did you create this account?" "The year I left Cambridge. I wanted nothing to befall those I loved." And so, at that moment, Fitzwilliam Darcy learned about the contingency plan his father had set into place for him and Georgiana, and how they would never need for anything. And how in this alternate life, he would be able to offer for and marry Elizabeth Bennet. He had kept watch on the Fitzroy account for the last several years, without touching a farthing. And if I have not existed, the account would remain as it has always been, increasing in pounds daily from father's investments. I will use that money to marry Elizabeth and buy a new estate. Or maybe…if I ever discovered what occurred with Pemberley, I could walk the woman I love through the halls of my ancestral home after all. XXXXX Darcy had no idea what his Aunt was about with her summons of both he and Bingley to Rosings, but he knew that she did not intend to forget his arrival, as Wickham had so unceremoniously stated the previous night. And she hadn't. With rugs tucked in around her legs for warmth and a hot brick at her feet, the party of three passed the village of Hunsford on the way to their destination. "And who do you have watching your shop today?" Lady Catherine asked, with her eyes not looking towards Mr. Bingley but instead out of the window of the carriage. "Mrs. Bingley, your Ladyship. And I have a boy who helps around the store as well." "Yes, well. I think that is a wise idea. Rosalind Chesterfield cannot be the brightest woman. As you recall, I knew her mother. The apple I am sure, did not fall far from the tree." Darcy watched as Bingley stifled a retort, but offered a smirk as a reply. "And you, Mr. Fitzroy? What do we know about you?" "I have an estate in–" "Yes, yes, in Salisbury, I have been told. But what about you scares Mr. Wickham so?" "Pardon?" he asked raising a brow. "I am not certain of your meaning, Lady Catherine." "You must know something. The man is never at ease in your presence." Darcy caught the smile which was twitching at his lips before it was exposed to Lady Catherine. At least I know that no matter what life I am in, Wickham fears me. He looked up and caught Lady Catherine watching him. "It has also come to my attention from my niece that you visited Pemberley as a child, and even remember the cook, Mrs. Rogers." "That is correct." She turned her head back to the window and sat quietly for a full minute before replying. "I find it rather odd that such a young boy would remember the name of a cook from someone else's household which he had only visited once." The carriage grew silent before he replied. "I have an uncommonly good memory." "So, it would seem." The scene outside the window began to change, and Darcy realized they were a considerable distance from Rosings. The old estate. He looked down a lane they passed, and craned his neck to see around the bend which he knew led to the burned-out relics of the original Rosings Park. Sir Lewis de Bourgh's family had abandoned it after the plague in the 1300's, and began construction at the current site. Although not in its original form, there are still some small nods in the current estate to pay homage to its predecessor. He continued to look at the window, before turning back to the carriage. Bingley was still mute, but Lady Catherine was staring with her eyes boring down on Darcy. "Mr. Fitzroy. I believe it is time to tell us exactly who you really are." Darcy attempted a nonchalance he did not feel. "I am William Fitzroy–" "Yes, yes… I am aware that is what you are calling yourself, but who are you? Who is your mother and your aunts? Who are your uncles?" The question hung between them while he collected his thoughts, ill-prepared for the onslaught of suspicion from Lady Catherine. "Who would you have me be, m'lady? I cannot claim to be someone I am not." She looked at him incredulously before continuing. "I am not one to be trifled with, Mr. Fitzroy. I have had my men look into your claims, and cannot find an estate called Pembrook in Salisbury." His face remained even, as he felt Bingley's eyes on him. "No. I believe you are someone else entirely, but we will reserve that discussion for a different day. Now," she said tapping her cane on the floor to garner their attention. "I am sure you are wondering why I invited you out today." Darcy and Bingley both remained mute. "I have been contemplating my situation and that of my daughter and my niece, and realize it is one that you both have a stake in." "Your ladyship," Bingley began. "With all due respect, George Wickham is the last man I wish to associate with in any form." "Yes, Mr. Bingley, of that I am certain." She sniffed. "It must be difficult for you to watch your wife throw herself at the man at whose hand you lost your fortune!" Darcy felt Bingley stiffen. "We are all aware of your circumstances, and I must say that you handled yourself most admirably last night, especially for someone with such a low background. However, today…today I offer you something you cannot refuse." "And what might that be?" "I wish for you to dispose of George Wickham." Both men stifled a gasp." It matters not to me by what means, but I want that son-of-a-steward removed from England with a guarantee he will never return." "Lady Catherine," Bingley began. "I cannot in good conscience…" "I will reimburse your fortune," she interrupted. He stared, mouth agape for a moment, before attempting to stutter a reply, as she interrupted him again. "And I will provide for your ruined sister in America." Darcy looked sharply at Bingley whose attention was still directed at the older woman. "Do not think me ignorant of her circumstances. Do you believe she carries the first illegitimate child of George Wickham?" Bingley still remained mute, so Darcy spoke. "But why? True, Wickham is a rake, but why do you wish him dead?" Her eyes narrowed as she looked off in the distance. "He has discovered something I wished to remain a secret, and is using it for his own gain against me. I will not tolerate it any longer." The coach grew quiet, only the rhythmic clop of the team of horses outside broke the silence. Darcy looked at Bingley before he began. "Lady Catherine, as much as I wish to help you–" "I will ensure your fortune," she cut in. "Money is not an obstacle for me. I am quite well-situated. I have need for noth–" "Pemberley. Pemberley shall be yours." XXXXX It was late. His meeting with Lady Catherine had been nothing he'd expected. After her revelation about Pemberley, she had peppered both he and Bingley with demands and promises. Yet, the entire course of their discussion always came back to the great estate. Pemberley! The possibility of his home, his father's home and every other Darcy generations before, belonging to him in this lifetime; a lifetime which could logically include the woman he loved. Lady Catherine must know who I am. But how? He glanced at his watch and could see by the moonlight it was quarter past twelve. He had gone with Bingley to the Hunsford Inn where they let a room to discuss the propositions Lady Catherine had put before them. Pemberley! It had been a difficult tale to hear– how Wickham had been playing cards at a party at Lord Gafton's, when a stranger introduced as a distant relative of the Lady of the house and visiting from Belgium had taken a seat at the table. He had won moderately, but not as much as Wickham. His childhood friend's bravado was challenged when after winning big all night, the Belgian began to impose his success and stripped Wickham of all his earnings. With his pride and vanity at stake, he had called on his good friend Charles Bingley to front him money to cover his bet. As a gentleman, Bingley had agreed, setting forth a substantial amount to keep Wickham in the game. He lost it most miserably, and was prepared to play anew when the Belgian stood to leave the game. Facing the possibility of losing mercilessly to a foreigner, Wickham raised the stakes to entice him back securing Bingley's entire portfolio. When the foreigner was not drawn in, he threw down the deed for Pemberley. That is what the Belgian had been waiting for. As a secret emissary of Lady Catherine, he played the game, highlighting all of Wickham's weaknesses, and won the prize he had been so well paid to achieve. Pemberley! That Lady Catherine owns it, but refuses to make that known to anyone for fear Wickham and Georgiana will leave her house and he will use whatever information he has against her. It is unbelievable. He walked on across the gravel road towards the parsonage, aware that everyone in the house would be asleep. Not ready to go inside and be stifled by four walls, he walked towards the back of the house, when he began to smell smoke. Increasing his pace, he came around the corner to see a large bonfire, with the parsonage' servants throwing papers, wood and debris into the flames. "What is the meaning of this?" Darcy asked, stepping towards the closest man picking up a chair. "By orders of Mr. Wickham, sir. This is all rubbish he wants removed from the great house." "By orders of Mr. Wickham?" Darcy asked. "Yes, sir." Wickham is quite secure in his power as the surrogate master of Rosings. My Aunt, cousin and sister are kept as prisoners, while he is the lord of the manor? The memory of his aunt's request from earlier in the day filtered back into his consciousness. He was lost in contemplation when he felt a presence behind him. Turning, he was surprised to see Elizabeth sitting on a stone bench. "Miss Bennet. What brings you out this late?" Walking over he stood in front of her and smiled down. "I am in the service of my brother. Mr. Wickham requires Mr. Collins to be out while the servants are burning so no one steals that which he wishes to burn, but Mr. Collins was not feeling well. My sister had retired early, so I am here in their place." The servants had moved around to the back of the fire, leaving Darcy and Elizabeth alone. "How was your ride with Lady Catherine this morning?" His features remained passive and he weighed how much he wished to divulge. "It was enlightening. Lady Catherine is quite a…spirited woman." "Spirited?" "Yes." Darcy nodded and leaned back against the bench. "Surprisingly so. She is very opinionated on what she desires." "Truly? I have not heard her speak more than ten words together before last night, although both Miss de Bourgh and Mrs. Wickham assure me of her civility and interest in numerous topics. No, I do not know if I can believe you, Mr. Fitzroy." The elevation in her tone, and the smile playing at the corners of her mouth indicated he was in for quite a tease. "Am I to be categorized as a liar then, Miss Bennet? Is that what you think of me after I have allowed you to help nurse me back to health?" "Allowed me?" she squawked, attempting to stifle a chortle. "I do not believe there was any choice in the matter on my end. I could not allow a creation of God's to suffer needlessly." "So, I am as a wounded animal?" Her eyes sparkled, and she weighed her words before replying, "I believe a wounded animal would have been of more help to himself. You were quite lifeless, Sir." A clear laugh escaped from her mouth and Darcy leaned back into the bush against the back of the bench, savoring the moment. They stared quietly into the fire, watching the small embers pop and crackle. The workers went about their business, feeding the fire whatever had been sent over from Rosings. Elizabeth interrupted the silence. "When I was young, my father would take me out when the servants were burning, and we would sit by the fire, and he would tell me tales of his youth. My favorite tale was how as a lad he and his cousin, my brother Collins' father, decided to build a flying machine based off of Leonardo da Vinci's drawings. They knew my grandfather Bennet would not be pleased, so they constructed the craft in a small cave in the woods between Longbourn and Netherfield, and waited until my grandfather was away in London on business." "What happened?" Darcy asked leaning forward with his fingers clasped. A small chuckle escaped her lips. "My grandmother Bennet was out visiting friends in Meryton, and the two scamps dragged that machine through the woods, and up to the top of Oakham Mount." "They did not!" "They did!" she replied, grinning. "Father convinced Mr. Collins, the elder, to be the first to fly. He told him, 'Collins, your name will be in the history books. I owe you that since you will never inherit Longbourn.' How little my father knew." Darcy watched her, and was becoming lost in the glow of her skin by the reflection of the fire, when she continued to speak. "I am sure you are wondering what happened?" "Of course!" Her grin had remained as she paused before she continued with the story. "My brother Collins cannot be what is called a sensible man. And according to my father, the man who sired him was very similar in nature. The elder Mr. Collins, determined my father was right in his assumption that he alone should have his name first in the history books, and agreed to jump from Oakham Mount in their contraption." She stopped speaking, the slow crackling of the fire filling the silence. "And the result?" Darcy asked. "Massive injuries," she replied more soberly than she had been earlier in the story. "The elder Mr. Collins suffered two broken legs, and was unable to return to his parent's home when his visit was supposed to have concluded. Forgive me," she replied covering her mouth. "I am not unfeeling, but giggle at the result, not for Mr. Collins, but for my father. My dear father," she said looking up into his eyes, "is not a one you would call sociable. He fulfills his obligations, but is more comfortable hiding in his study and reading a well-cherished tome." "Your father sounds like a man I can understand. But why do you laugh at his natural traits?" "You see, as punishment for his misdeed, he was required to read to his cousin every day." "That sounds like a blessing, not a punishment." "Oh, if only he could have chosen the books, his joy would have been endless–Shakespeare, Aristotle, or Galileo. But, no. He could not choose the topic, and to punish him, my Grandfather Bennet made him read a popular book which had been in publication for roughly ten years at that time. Fordyce's Sermons." "Fordyce? But that is for the improvement of young women." "Precisely. So, you can understand my father's anger, and my grandfather's mirth. My father inherited his sense of humor from my grandfather, and I from both of them." "And was the young Mr. Collins not affected by the choice?" "Surprisingly, no. My father said he was in so much pain that he either moaned so loudly he could not hear, or had taken enough laudumn to put him to sleep. Once again, it was more of a punishment for my father than entertainment for Mr. Collins." His rich baritone laugh quietly hung in the air as they continued to watch the servants feed the fire. "Is this a usual occurrence? This burning of excess items from Rosings?" "Mr. Collins said it began after Mr. and Mrs. Wickham were removed from Pemberley to Rosings, maybe several months ago. I should not be gossiping, but the servants say at night he scours the attic, and piles up old papers and broken furniture to burn. It is a most peculiar hobby." "I agree. I am curious why a man with such a lovely wife would spend his time in such dusty and isolated pursuits?" He saw her roll her eyes before replying. "I can honestly say that I do not care to understand anything that man does. I am quite content living in ignorance." Yes, Elizabeth. But Wickham always has a reason for everything he does. He is looking for something, and I mean to find out what.
14 Hello, readers. Thank you for reading my story. Please leave a review and let me know how you think it is going. I appreciate your feedback up to this point. *As always, please note, that once the story is complete, I will keep it on Fanfic for 2 weeks, before deleting it and posting it on Amazon KU. BUT, that won't be for a while, and you'll have plenty of time to read it for free. Chapter 8 "Georgiana, Anne. Good day to you." The next morning had dawned bright and pleasant, with not a cloud in the sky. Jane and Elizabeth were on their way to visit a few local families with baskets, and had come upon their friends on the road outside the parsonage. "And to you," Georgiana said, with a smile. "It is a beautiful day, is it not?" "It is, indeed. A fine day to walk through the park. Have you been out long?" "No," Anne said. "We have only just come from Rosings and are on our way to purchase some sheet music for Georgie. Would you care to join us?" "We thank you, but must separate at the village. We are to go to the Hathorne's, as the baby was born two nights ago, and Mrs. Hathorne is in need." "Please let me know if there is anything we can do at Rosings. They are our tenants, and we should provide for them. Papa would insist." They continued to walk when Elizabeth spotted Georgiana's locket. "What a lovely piece of jewelry. I have never seen you wear that before." "No, I have not," she said, fingering the object. "It is very precious to me, and I fear something will happen to it. I only wear it when missing my parents terribly. The miniatures inside are of them." She opened the locket as Elizabeth and Jane both gasped. "Your mother was lovely, Georgie. So much like you," Jane said hesitantly. "And your father…what a handsome man he was." "Yes, Papa was most handsome. These are pictures from when they were much younger. It was commissioned upon their wedding, so they were both in their twenties when they sat for them." "Your father," Elizabeth said, struggling to find the right words. "He is very striking." "Yes." "Do you not think…" she began, and looked up at Anne de Bourgh, who was watching her with a raised brow. "Do you not think…he looks like someone we know?" Georgiana looked down at the picture, and shrugged. "People always said that my husband resembled him, as if he were a nephew, but I do not think that is true. Only in his coloring, but not his expression or demeanor. And not to be indelicate, but Mama and Papa were traveling for a year on the continent when my husband was born after Mama's unfortunate loss." "Forgive me, her loss?" "Yes. She gave birth to a still born son, shortly before Mr. Wickham was born. They named him William, and buried him at Pemberley. Mama's grief was so great, that Papa took her away to try and divert her attention." William! "But, you believe he looks like someone we know?" Georgiana asked, removing the locket and studying the picture. "Whoever could you mean, I wonder?" The four women stood on the side of the road, examining the picture when a baritone voice broke their reverie. "Good morning, ladies. What a pleasant surprise on this dusty road." Startled, Elizabeth looked up to see Mr. Fitzroy, his brown eyes dancing with merriment, and a loan dark curl licking at his forehead. "I hope I am not interrupting some secret confidence? If so, I can move along and wish you a good day." "Oh, no," Elizabeth heard herself say. "We are just examining the miniatures belonging to Mrs. Wickham." Georgiana smiled and held them out for Mr. Fitzroy to see. "Miss Bennet and Mrs. Collins believe my father reminds them of an acquaintance we have. I know you are not long in our company, sir, but can you know who they mean? I am at a loss." She opened the locket and handed it to him as footsteps were heard from behind and the ladies turned to see a servant. "Mrs. Wickham, Miss de Bourgh. Lady Catherine summons you both back to Rosings." "Is anything amiss?" "Not that I am aware, Miss. Her health be fine. She just sent me to call you." "Very well then. We will return immediately." The ladies turned back and gave their apologies. Elizabeth had not paid attention to the groomsman, instead focusing on the reaction of Mr. Fitzroy, who had reverently looked at the pictures as Georgiana had turned away. He stares at them with a sadness I cannot place. There is a connection there that baffles me. "Forgive me, Mr. Fitzroy," Georgiana said, facing him. "Have you any idea who my father might resemble?" Elizabeth glanced again at the picture in the gentleman's hand and studied the strong jaw, warm brown eyes, small dimple and same errant curls, and felt as if she was looking at the model for the painting himself. "No, Mrs. Wickham," he said, taking a breath and closing the locket. "I do not. But, your parents are just as handsome as I remember when I visited as a child." "Thank you, sir. Now, if you will excuse us," Georgiana said, taking Anne's arm. "We must hurry to my aunt to confirm she is well. We will look forward to your arrival for dinner this evening." They watched as the women turned back towards Rosings while they themselves stood in the road. Elizabeth swung her reticule and looked up towards the handsome man. "Mrs. Wickham's pictures were quite lovely." "Yes." Mr. Fitzroy cleared his throat. "The Darcy's looked just as I remembered, save a bit younger. A wonderful couple." Jane dropped back a little as the three began again to walk towards the village, allowing Elizabeth and Mr. Fitzroy to walk together. "Mr. Darcy cut quite a dashing figure." She noticed a small smile cut across his lips, before disappearing. "Yes, he did." "It is odd…how much he looks like…how much he resembles…" She glanced up at Mr. Fitzroy who was gazing at her. "Yes?" "No, one. He just has a very recognizable countenance." "Yes," he replied again. "He does." They continued to walk and discussed the weather, and books, when Jane excused herself to speak to one of her parishioners. "I have always found it curious how you know so much about the Darcy family…" He cleared his throat before replying. "If you recall, my father and mother were contemporaries of the Darcys." "Yes." She kicked a rock as they made their way further into town. "Are you not at all related to Mrs. Wickham, maybe? Could you be a distant cousin?" He gently laughed before replying. "I can promise you that I am not Mrs. Wickham's cousin. But, I do, and have always, had fond memories of the family. Quite possibly it is just that affection which you recognize." He clasped his hands behind his back. "Might I confess to a failing, Miss Bennet?" "A failing, Mr. Fitzroy? I am all anticipation." She felt her insides roil and her cheeks begin to burn as he looked at her with apparent pleasure. "When I come to care for something, I do so with my whole heart." "And that is a failing, Sir?" "Some might call it so. It has recently placed me in situations which I do not believe I can escape." She attempted to modulate her breathing as he glanced back over at her and his brown eyes penetrated hers. "I am sure, that whomever you care for, would most certainly be honored at the attention and concern." She watched as a smile played at the corners of his mouth. "I thank you for your incite, Miss Bennet. But, I will admit, that has not always been the case." They walked on together, two people never having conveyed so much with so few words. XXXXX "Miss Bennet, an express has come from London. The rider is waiting for your response in the kitchen. And Mr. Fitzroy, there is a letter in the post for you as well." Elizabeth stopped abruptly in the entrance with Jane and Mr. Fitzroy almost bounding into her from behind. "From London?" She instinctively reached for the note and tore it open with Jane hovering behind her. "It must be from my Aunt." Darcy watched, his unease at the unspoken news growing with every passing moment. "It appears there has been an accident," she finally said, still reading the missive, before a long sigh escaped her. "The governess has twisted her ankle and must remain in bed for at least a week. Aunt has asked if I might come and help with the children." "The poor dear. Yes, you must go, Lizzy," Jane said nodding. "When does Aunt request your assistance?" "As soon as possible. She is quite tired with the baby expected in three-months' time, and Uncle so busy with work. I fear I must leave immediately." "Then, we will get you packed and ready to go at first light. I will have my husband go into town and reserve your passage on a London bound coach, and we must go to Rosings and have you take your leave." Mrs. Collins left the room, and Darcy opened his letter to hide the disappointment he felt at being separated from Elizabeth. He read a few lines that let out a soft chuckle. "Mr. Fitzroy, I hope your news is well." "It is, Miss Bennet. I have been waiting for this correspondence since I first wrote last week. If it is not an inconvenience, might I accompany you to London tomorrow? It appears I have some business to attend to." XXXXX The rolling hills passed the carriage on both sides as Darcy did all in his power not to stare at Elizabeth. They had been traveling for hours a considerable amount of time and were almost to London, with the wisps of the chimneys seen over the trees in the distance. The maid sent to accompany them was sleeping against the cushions, and Elizabeth was staring out the window, a look of contentment playing at her lips. "I have never ridden in a carriage so well equipped. It was very generous of Miss de Bourgh to offer it for our journey." "Yes," Darcy agreed. "And that she has also offered her townhouse to me since my family's is unavailable." "Yes." He cleared his throat and attempted to find a new topic of discussion. "Are you pleased to spend time with your family?" He saw a glow come about her countenance. "I am," she said. "My Aunt and Uncle are very dear to me, and my young cousins are the sweetest children. There are three of them. Victoria, Emily and Michael." "Is Miss Victoria much like her older cousin?" He smiled at her and was pleased when she laughed at his suggestion. "No. Victoria is much like my sister Jane––sweet and patient with everyone, including her brother. No, it is young Emily who is most like her cousin Elizabeth. Well, Emily, and soon, I am certain, young master Michael." "I do not follow," he said, slightly perplexed. "Mr. Fitzroy. You have never met my mother. If you had, she would tell you that I am the most unladylike of all her children. 'Young ladies do not climb trees, Elizabeth!' 'Young ladies do not make mud pies with the tenants' children, Elizabeth!' and my favorite, 'Young ladies do not wade into the stream and attempt to catch fish bare-handed, Elizabeth!'" "Bare-handed?" he could not contain the mirth bubbling up, and his laughter woke the young maid across from him. "Forgive me," he whispered, as she rested her head back against the window and fell asleep. "Catching fish with your hands?" "I know. Quite savage, don't you think? Mama was ready to ship me to the America's, but luckily my father intervened." "So, you are an angler, then?" She shook her head. "No. My father has attempted to teach me once or twice, but Mama always discovered our plans and put an end to it." "What lead you to your attempts to wrangle fish?" She lowered her head and glanced up at him. "I read an account of the native savages in the Americas––that they use their bare hands to catch fish. I had mentioned it to my dear friend Charlotte Lucas, and her brother said it was impossible." "So, you had to prove him wrong?" He attempted to stifle the laughter in his voice. "Yes, I did. And I would have been successful if Mrs. Long's nieces were not visiting." "How so?" He asked, barely able to contain his mirth. "At the sight of the fish, they screamed and pretended to faint so Christopher Lucas had to splash through the water to get to shore and help them, which of course…" "…Scared away all the fish." "Yes! And I had spent an inordinate amount of time staying completely still so as not to frighten them away. I was quite put out by the girls' antics!" At that he let a deep baritone laugh reverberate throughout the carriage. The young maid had no hope of returning to sleep, and so she reached over and picked up some darning from her basket. Darcy and Elizabeth remained silent for a few moments until he couldn't contain his curiosity. "And how did your mother discover your adventure? I am certain you did not wade in with your boots on?" "Of course not. We were children at the time, so taking off my socks and boots was not unseemly. I had also tied up the sides of my dress, so my hem was not wet." He looked at her expectantly. "Then the mystery remains, Miss Elizabeth." "It is no mystery, Sir. With the shrill reception from the Miss Longs, and the quick movement of Charlotte's brother, I attempted to walk back to shore, was not attending and tripped over a submerged tree root. Unfortunately, I was close enough to the edge of the stream that my shoulders and face landed directly on the muddy bank. There was no hiding that mess." "And your punishment?" "Yes. You are right in assuming there was one, and it was quite severe for a child of nearly ten who loved to ramble about the countryside. For a month, every day but Sunday I was sent to visit my Aunt Phillips to learn new embroidery stitches, and to practice the piano forte for three hours. Then, I rode back in her carriage, which in my opinion was a waste of time and money, to paint still-lifes until dinner." "I did not know you painted, Miss Bennet." "I do not. And therein lies the punishment, Mr. Fitzroy. I was not allowed to read from my father's library, but all manner of fashion magazines were available for my enjoyment. It was a difficult month." "I would imagine so." "But, the worst punishment of all was that one day, Mama discovered me reading "The Faerie Queen," and took it away. I have not discovered it still, and it was one of my favorites." "Of course. It is about your namesake. The illustrious Gloriana." "Yes, well, my mother had no love for Good Queen Bess. In actuality, she was repelled by the idea I would be named after a queen who never married, and instead wished to name me Juliet." Darcy almost choked. "Juliet? Why?" Elizabeth chuckled. "My mother…is not a connoisseur of literature. As you can imagine from my punishment, fashion magazines or the tattle of the ton are all she is interested in. With no slight intended, her knowledge of the Bard's "Romeo and Juliet" is that at thirteen Capulet's daughter marries into a wealthy house." She pursed her lips together. "We all have different ideas of importance; what would make one happy is a concern singular to those involved. To my mother, it is marriage for her daughters." Darcy was quiet for a moment before responding. "I have seen many mothers of the first circles with the same application. Your mother's concerns do her credit. She is merely attempting to secure the future of her children. No one can fault her for that." "I thank you, sir." "And now, you must divulge where your name came from. It is obvious your mother was not successful in her attempt to saddle you with the curse of the Capulets." "I was named after my grandmother, Elizabeth Anne Bennet." "A much better choice. You are much too wise to be the heroine of that particular play." "And much too old." Their attention was caught by the sounds of voices outside the carriage and the immediate bumpiness of the road. "We have hit the outskirts of town," he said looking out at the cobblestone and clapboard roofs. "We will be in Gracechurch street within a quarter of an hour." "Yes. I have not visited in some time." "Well, I hope your visit is a pleasant one." "Pleasant is not quite the term. By the end of tomorrow evening, I will have walked through three parks, been taken hostage by pirates, and listened two new recitations. It is not pleasant. It is marvelous." He watched the light dance in her eyes, and was reminded not for the first time of why he loved her. Why in another life he offered all he had to her, and although she rejected it, he persevered. In this life, I will not make the same mistake which lead to that outcome. I will prevail! XXXXX It had been a pleasant visit, with the promise of dinner the following evening. Elizabeth's Uncle had returned from his warehouse shortly after their carriage had arrived from Rosings, and Darcy was surprised to have recognized him from business dealings in London in his other life. A man of impeccable character, if I remember correctly. I am certain he is the same 'Mr. Gardiner' who contacted my man of business because his manager had overcharged Mrs. Noyes, my London housekeeper, for goods. Other men would have taken advantage of the opportunity. And his wife was such a genteel woman. Darcy chuckled at the subtly raised brow of the woman who was maybe five years his senior as he had bowed over her niece's hand and placed a light kiss upon her knuckles. And Elizabeth had turned a lovely shade of pink. He felt himself grinning as the carriage continued down towards Grosvenor Square. I did not realize Anne's townhouse would be this close to Hyde Park. I wonder if it is near Darcy House? At that, the carriage made a familiar turn and proceeded to the end of the street before making another familiar turn, and stopping before the London home Darcy's grandfather had purchased as a wedding gift for his grandmother. He sat stunned as the footman opened the door to the carriage, and the other men began removing his trunks. Darcy forced his limbs to move and exited the carriage. He stood stupidly looking up at the façade of the home he knew so well when the door opened and a butler he was not familiar with greeted him. "Mr. Fitzroy. I am Mr. Duncan. Welcome to Darce–– excuse me de Bourgh House. Miss de Bourgh sent a note informing us of your stay, and the maids are readying your room. Won't you come in?" Darcy nodded and took a deep breath, unprepared for the emotions which would assault him as he entered the foyer. He looked around surprised to see the familiar décor, the pictures of his mother and father, where they always hung, as well as his grandmother and grandfather Darcy. A never before seen picture of his parents with Georgiana as a young girl of maybe ten hung next in line where his should be. But it is not. An emptiness filled him, and he nodded as Mr. Duncan asked him if he would like to be shown to his room. As he progressed down the hallway and to the base of the stairs, the sound of a familiar set of keys behind him, made him turn. He gasped at the woman standing before him, mouth agape. "Mr. Darcy!" "Mrs. Reynolds!"
