A/N - This is the first story I've shared here in...a while! I really miss it though and am hoping to get back to sharing stories here on the semi-regular going forward. I hope you like this sweet little Christmas tale featuring a newly-married Mr and Mrs Darcy preparing to celebrate Christmas at Pemberley! xx Mrs Elizabeth Darcy tiptoed lightly down the north-facing corridor of her new husband's estate, Pemberley, before pausing, frowning, and retracing her steps. This strange pattern of behaviour was repeated twice, which might not have drawn any notice at all had her path not taken her past the doorway to a certain study once, twice, three times. Mr Fitzwilliam Darcy heard his wife's footsteps the first time and ignored them, growing used to his new wife's restlessness and noting, absently, that the inclement weather likely kept her confined to the house, but no amount of inclement weather would keep her from walking. When she retreated past his door twice more in quick succession, however, he looked up from the ledger he had been studying, his interest piqued. "Lizzy?" he called out to her. "Is something the matter?" His question arrested her progress and he heard a light laugh, the sound that had first caused him to fall in love with the young lady who was now his wife. "No!" she called back, with complete confidence that lasted only a moment, before a second, clarifying answer came. "Yes." Another pause. "Perhaps." The footsteps began again, leading this time to the doorway to Darcy's study instead of directly past it and she paused, framed by the oak frame and wearing a look of consternation on her face. "Explain." Darcy set down his pen, folding his arms in front of him and looking questioningly up at his wife. "It will soon be Christmas," Lizzy began, darting a glance towards the grandfather clock in one corner of Darcy's austere study as if every tick of the hands reminded her how close this particular holiday was drawing. "It will," Darcy said, fighting the urge to smile at his wife's evident anxiety. It was so rare a thing for him to see Elizabeth looking anything other than at her ease that he rather enjoyed it, although he would never confess as much, and indulged in amusement only because he thought he might relatively easily find a solution to her worries. "The first Christmas I shall spend at Pemberley." She paused, chewing on the inside of her mouth. "The first I shall spend hosting at Pemberley." "Oh?" Darcy cocked his head to one side, lifting an eyebrow as if this was news, indeed, and the very first he had heard of it. "Do not tease me!" Lizzy said, her eyes flashing warningly, and Darcy, immediately contrite, got to his feet, crossing the floor of his study in three long strides and dropping a kiss on his wife's forehead. "It is to be the first Christmas we shall both spend hosting at Pemberley. Why do you think the whole responsibility must fall on your shoulders?" He peered out into the deserted corridor. "And where is Georgiana? Has she no say in this?" "She has responsibility enough," Lizzy said, with a dismissive sniff. "Responsibilities you shall not worry your head about nor interfere in." She smiled, sternly, until Darcy nodded in agreement. "But I have been considering decoration, and I cannot decide what best to do for this corridor." "This corridor?" Darcy frowned. "What need have we to decorate it at all? I assure you no guests shall care to visit me in my study - because I shall not dare to cross its threshold myself for the entire duration of our guests' stay," he hurried out, forestalling Elizabeth's cry. Whilst their short marriage had been preceded by a not-entirely unproblematic courtship, Lizzy had come to understand her husband's desire for solitude. But understanding did not guarantee agreement, and she had already assured him that he would not be permitted to absent himself whenever he chose to during the holiday. He smiled, thinking that, in inviting the Gardiners rather than Lizzy's more immediate family, he would have little need to hide. He liked Mr and Mrs Gardiner and their children and was secretly quite looking forward to hearing the sounds of laughter and conversation bouncing off the walls of Pemberley this Christmas. I have too often sought to be alone: perhaps it is time to embrace something different now, he mused, realising a moment later that Elizabeth had begun to speak again. "…It is so dark here, what with it facing north, and I am not sure if you have noticed how small the windows are. Not that that is a criticism, for they are quite pretty windows, I suppose, but I do not wish any additional decorations to look like clutter. I was considering moving some of the green boughs from the parlour, perhaps with mistletoe and of course holly." She frowned. "I did so wish to find some pretty red ribbon to tie the garlands together, but despite Mrs Potts promising me that she had some she has yet to produce it, and we are swiftly running out of time, and Georgiana -" "Lizzy," Darcy said, patiently, managing at last to interject one swift, stilling word when she paused for breath. "Do you think there is some slight possibility you are letting things escalate a little? Things do not need to be perfect." Lizzy sniffed and Darcy was forced to concede that it was indeed a little unusual to hear his own voice pleading a case for wilful imperfection. He shrugged his broad shoulders and smiled, welcoming the incongruity. "What is most important of all, surely, is that we shall be spending Christmas together with each other and with our family." His smile grew. "Our family, yours and mine. It is our first Christmas as husband and wife. The first, in fact, that we shall not be at loggerheads with one another." Even Elizabeth could not resist smiling a little at this, remembering a time scarcely a year previously when the very notion of her standing in this very home with Mr Darcy not only by her side but also her husband would have been impossible even to countenance. "I personally do not think there is anything wrong with this corridor. It is neither too bare nor too cluttered, too bright or too dark, but if you feel that a few swags of mistletoe and holly might improve it then, by all means, let us see to it." He drew in a breath, lifting himself up to his full height. "And in the absence of either my sister or Mrs Potts -" He lifted his eyebrows as if the idea that both of his wife's preferred helpers might have absented themselves precisely when she had need of them. "I shall offer myself a more than adequate to the task. If you shall direct, I am more than happy to secure as many green boughs as you care to have, in this or any other corridor." "Goodness me, I hope you shall continue to be this amenable tomorrow, when my aunt and uncle arrive," Lizzy declared, smiling wickedly as she kissed her husband's cheek and darted back out of his reach. "My cousins are quite fond of climbing on broad shoulders and yours, my dear, are certainly suitable for just such a purpose."
Georgiana Darcy sat on what might have been her favourite seat in the whole of Pemberley - her piano stool. However, despite being afforded an hour entirely to herself and a pile of new music, her playing was listless and distracted. She made simple errors, tripping over her notes and forgetting the key so often that eventually she abandoned trying to play at all, crashing out one last, off-key chord and sinking her head into her hands with a groan. How unlike last year this Christmas is! she thought, allowing her mind to roam over all that had changed in the last twelve months. She was with her brother, which was always a blessing to her, and still more wonderful, she had gained a sister, for whilst he and Elizabeth had been married but a short time she had recognised in Elizabeth Bennet a kindred spirit, so that, had Darcy not acknowledged his feelings and proposed himself, Georgiana would likely have taken matters into her own hands to unite the pair just as soon as she could. Why, then, was she so melancholy? She enjoyed Christmas. Advent was invariably her very favourite season. It ought to be still more so this year, for not only had the Darcy family grown by one member, they would be hosting the friendly and cheerful Gardiners, along with their children. Georgiana liked children and remained convinced that Christmas was never truly Christmas without them. She could not help but feel a little lost, though. A little alone, even in the midst of the promised crowd of guests. William was married and happy, which state Georgiana rejoiced over, but being surrounded by such new wedded bliss served only to remind Georgiana how alone she was. Lizzy, far more sensitive to Georgiana's circumstances than she had expected her to be, still deferred to her on a great many matters of housekeeping, but still, Georgiana must cede her position in the house to Elizabeth, the new Mrs Darcy, and she could not help but feel a little superfluous. There was a light knock at the door and Georgiana straightened, immediately lifting her lips into a smile as Elizabeth skipped into the room. "Ah, here you are!" her sister-in-law exclaimed. Her bright smile dulled and she frowned at Georgiana. "I was not sure I would find you here, for it is so quiet!" She paused. "Or am I disturbing a moment of genius?" "Hardly!" Georgiana said, stifling a yawn. "I think genius has entirely forsaken me today if indeed it ever graced me with its presence." She shrugged one shoulder. "I cannot concentrate on music this afternoon." "Excellent, you will be in need of some occupation, then!" Lizzy declared, her eyes sparkling. She had been concealing behind her a basket of ribbon and lace, which she plonked unceremoniously down in the centre of the room. "I have to make a hundred bows, and you can help me!" Georgiana eyed the basket ass if fearing it might spring into life. "Would the servants not be better equipped to do that?" "I dare say they would," Lizzy said, pulling a ribbon free and settling to the task. "If I had asked them. But I feel like this is a task I ought to undertake myself." She frowned as the ribbon slipped out of her hands. "At least, one I ought to attempt to undertake myself." Trying again, she succeeded in tying a knot and let out a yelp of frustration. "Jane was always much better at this sort of thing than me. She had far nimbler fingers. Like yours, Madame Mozart!" Georgiana laughed, slipping from her stool and joining Lizzy by the basket. She slipped free a length of ribbon and fastened it in a bow, drawing Elizabeth's attention with the ease and speed with which she succeeded at the task. "There! You are far better at this than I am! I shall delegate the task to you entirely!" Lizzy laughed, shoving the basket a little closer to Georgiana. "But I shall sit here and talk to you all the same." She paused, shooting her friend a tentative smile. "If you do not mind my company?" "Mind it?" Georgiana shook her head, reaching for another ribbon and repeating her steps to fashion a second bow in the image of the first. "Why on earth should I mind it?" She let out a sigh, recalled to her previous lonely melancholy and was not quick enough to stifle her sigh. Lizzy leapt on it. "There, you do not sound as if you do not mind it. Tell me the truth, have I interrupted you? Am I keeping you from doing what you would much rather be spending your afternoon doing?" "No," Georgiana said, firmly. She plucked a completed bow and leaned over to Lizzy, fastening it carefully amidst her dark curls. "I was a little lonely, that is all. It is well remedied with you here." "Lonely?" Lizzy frowned. "Don't worry," Georgiana told her, returning to her task. "It was just a little bit of silliness. I love Christmas but this afternoon I could not help but miss Ge-" She caught herself just in time, swallowing the rest of her words and concentrating fiercely on her work, praying that Lizzy had not noticed the slip and would not discern the truth. "I was thinking," Elizabeth mused, as if the idea had just occurred to her. "We ought to host a dinner and invite some of the neighbours. Although your brother has been kind enough to introduce me to many of them, I feel as if we have not yet fully settled into life here in Derbyshire. Christmas is the very time for making new friends and I am sure that a dinner celebrating the season might be the very thing we all need to really embrace the holiday. We might time it to celebrate the arrival of my aunt and uncle as well. What do you think?" Georgiana pulled a face, imagining how quickly her brother would overrule such a suggestion. "I am not sure if William will care to -" "I am not worried about him!" Lizzy said, with a merry toss of her curls that loosened the bow and sent it floating down to join its neighbours. "I wish to see what you think of the idea, Georgiana. Do you like it? Would you help me to organise it?" Georgiana nodded once, tentatively, then twice more with growing confidence. She would like to help her sister-in-law plan and execute a festive meal and it would be enjoyable to fill the Pemberley dining room with more than just the three of them. "Excellent!" Lizzy clapped her hands. "I am sure between us we shall have no trouble at all in persuading your brother." She glanced up at the ceiling consulting an imaginary calendar. "How about this Tuesday? Will that be enough time for us to plan, do you think? It can serve a dual purpose then, to welcome my aunt and uncle to Pemberley. I do not suppose even William can say no to that!"
"What a wonderful excuse our dinner has proved to be for us to come shopping!" Lizzy exclaimed as she and Georgiana picked their way carefully down the crowded high street of the village high street. They were but a short carriage ride away from Pemberley. It was, in truth, nought but a short walk from Pemberley, but Georgiana did not share her new sister's affection for walking, particularly when the weather was as cold as it was at present, and when Darcy remarked upon the possibility of snow that morning, Georgiana was moments from refusing to come out at all, until Lizzy suggested they might take the carriage and still go. Left with no recourse, Georgiana agreed and had even exhibited a small amount of excitement at the promise of shopping with her sister-in-law. Lizzy was satisfied, for she grew increasingly concerned about Georgiana's hiding herself away at home. Her desire for solitude rivalled that of her brother, although on Georgiana the characteristic did not suit nearly so well. It was plain to Lizzy that Georgiana was a lively, spirited girl, quick to make friends and fond of spending time with people - or at least she had been, before her run-in with George Wickham. Lizzy's lips turned down at the corner, as they always did when she was forced to recall that man's existence. That George Wickham not only existed in the world but that, by the fact of his marriage to her flighty sister Lydia he must now be considered a member of Elizabeth's extended family was almost too much to bear. Indeed, this was the only dark spot in her otherwise bright and happy married life. Almost instinctively, Lizzy tucked her arm through Georgiana's and snuggled a little closer to her. "You are right about the weather though, it is certainly bracing!" She shivered, grinning at Georgiana, who relented at last and smiled back, nudging Lizzy in the side. "Bracing is one word for it! Look, there is a tea room up ahead. We ought to stop inside for a quarter-hour and take some refreshments. They are sure to have a fire, and we might warm up a little before continuing on with our errands." She peered at the list clutched in Elizabeth's other hand. "I presume you have more than one item on it?" "You presume correctly!" Lizzy laughed, listing off the first of a dozen tasks. "I do not suppose we can achieve all in one afternoon, but if we can manage half I shall feel quite accomplished indeed." "I do not suppose I shall be much help in selecting ribbons for your table decorations," Georgiana said, peering at Lizzy's delicate writing. "But I shall certainly not refuse to stop at the music shop." Her smile grew radiant. "I have had some new sheet music on order for a week now and dare to hope that it might arrive before Christmas." "Then that shall be our very next stop!" Elizabeth declared. "After tea." They reached the door of the familiar tea room, lit from within by a rosy, warm glow, and paused to stamp the ice from their boots - and feeling back into their numb feet - before crossing the threshold. "Where shall we sit?" Lizzy asked, unwinding her woollen wrap from about her shoulders. "Is our table free?" Our table was one distinctly pretty one set in a corner where the entire floor might be viewed easily, by a window that overlooked the bustling street. It had been the table they selected the very first time she and Georgiana had come here to take tea together and had been the one they preferred above all others ever since. "It is always well-positioned for observation," Lizzy said, meeting Georgiana's gaze and grinning. "And I am sure your brother will ask who and what we saw during our afternoon." "If you think my brother cares for gossip then I fear you do not know him at all," Georgiana said, with a grin. "But he does care to listen to you, so I suppose you ought really to find something to tell him. Oh, bother! It is occupied." She sighed. "Well, there is another close by. Perhaps that will serve us just as well as its neighbour today." The two girls made for the second table, a little disheartened by the cramped and shadowy corner they found themselves in, but determined to enjoy their stolen quarter-hour nonetheless. With tea ordered, and two slices of fruit cake that Lizzy could not be dissuaded from requesting, they fell to discussing their plans for the upcoming soiree. "What a pity we shall have an odd number for dinner. I think it quite unlucky to host an odd number. That is dreadfully silly and superstitious I know, and if I heard those words coming from anybody else's lips I should laugh them out of their nonsense quite immediately but I confess…I fear I am becoming superstitious in my old age." "Old age?" Georgiana groaned. "I hope you are not going to consider yourself old when you are merely married. The two are not synonymous." She paused. "You are only a little older than I am! And I do not think it is a bad thing that there is an odd number attending, for we shall be amongst friends and when that is the case what does it matter how many are present?" She paused before speaking again as if a thought had just occurred to her. "Although I am sorry that your sisters cannot be present. I suppose you must miss them dreadfully, and at Christmas too! What a pity Mr Bingley could not be persuaded to come north for the holiday." "Yes," Lizzy acknowledged, pursing her lips as she thought over this possibility. Inviting Charles and Jane had been her first idea for Christmas but Darcy had reminded her, when she mentioned it, that if she was to do that then Charles would be duty-bound to bring Caroline as well. Neither one of them wished to endure Miss Bingley's presence for the holiday and when Lizzy raised the idea in a veiled letter to Jane she received a flurry of happy chatter from her sister by return post detailing all that she had planned to do in Netherfield for the season. Jane was too happy, too content. And in any case, Lizzy had reasoned to her husband. It would be a little cruel to deprive Mama of all of her newly-wed daughters just in time for Christmas. Darcy's brow had furrowed as if he anticipated a further suggestion from his new wife that they invite the Longbourn party, too, but she knew her husband well enough to know that that would be cruel indeed. He deserved to enjoy a little peace and quiet this holiday just as surely as she did. The gentleman sitting at the table nearest them - their table - harrumphed, and rather noisily shuffled his papers together, darting an annoyed look in their direction. Lizzy met Georgiana's gaze and the two young ladies burst into spirited laughter that only subsided when their refreshments were brought, wherein they fell once more to discussing their plans for the rest of the day and ignored their increasingly irritable neighbour. You may huff and puff all you like, sir! Lizzy thought, saluting him with her teacup when he next glared in their direction. We have just as much right as you to be here, and shall enjoy ourselves as much as we care to! She was pleased to see Georgiana smile again. Whatever melancholy had settled over her of late lift a little, and no bad-tempered bookworm would stop her rejoicing in the fact.
A/N - Just popping on to wish you a Happy Thanksgiving if you celebrate, and if not...Happy Thursday! :) Mr Daniel Lambert drew in a breath and moved his chair a little closer to the table in front of him. It didn't help. Whenever he tried to make sense of the papers before him his eyes still persisted in blurring the words together so that he could scarcely tell his Joseph from his Josiah. He blinked, massaging the spot on between his eyes where his head had begun to pound mercilessly. I shall never be ready in time, he thought, turning to his bible and tracing the familiar passages with his index finger. For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace. This was a passage he knew well enough that he could recite it by heart: he had heard it every year of his life at this time and it would not even be his first time making the recitation. Why, then, was he struggling so to craft a sermon around it? It need not be much, he reminded himself, repeating the words his predecessor had said, before patting him briskly on the shoulder and remarking upon how very much he enjoyed the prospect of a Christmas when the responsibilities of sharing the gospel would not fall to him. This is the very thing I longed for, worked for, prayed for! Daniel reminded himself, wondering how many times he would be forced to recall this fact before he began to appreciate that he had precisely what had been promised him: a curacy of his own, in the picturesque Derbyshire Dales. He glanced to the window, but instead of seeing the rolling hills he saw people, a great number of them. He shuddered and forced his attention back to his papers, reminded in spite of himself of the great responsibility he now bore. These people needed to be told the good news, reminded of the reason behind their celebrations, and if he did not finish his preparations there would be no sermon to offer on the most important of all holy days in the Christian calendar. For unto us a child is born… "Do you think people will be content with beef? I did think of serving turkey, but that is so often what people choose to eat at Christmas that it seemed quite improper to serve at our dinner as well." In spite of himself, Daniel's head lifted, his eyes seeking out the noisy young lady at the table closest to him. She had stopped looking at him, at least. He knew she was aware of his irritation, for, despite his best attempts at hiding it, his human frailty had permitted him several pointed exhalations and exaggerated attention to his work. Could she not see that he laboured over something important - far more so than what meal might be served at a dinner, in any case. You have servants who might organise this, surely. Why not plague them with your endless opining and leave me to work in peace? It was not a kind sentiment, and he reproached himself for it immediately. The old Daniel Lambert would have been far more generous. He might even have smiled at the ladies, for they made a pretty pair, sipping their tea delicately and discussing an evening celebration they were still in the stages of detailed planning and preparing for. If it were any other day but today, he told himself. I simply must get this finished and I cannot keep getting distracted by young ladies incapable of lowering their voices! This was uncharitable, and he saw the face of his own cousin, Margaret, in his mind's eye, poking him sharply in the ribs for being such a spoilsport. Let the ladies have their fun, Daniel. Simply because you are a bore who cannot be torn from his books for an hour altogether does not mean we must all while away our time in studious silence. This made him smile in spite of himself, and the ache in his head dropped to his chest, which he rubbed absent-mindedly. He missed his cousin. She would be preparing for her own Christmas celebrations now with her husband and young son. His aunt and uncle would be visiting them, surely, enjoying the excuse to reunite the family. His own family had not required the same excuse: his father was only too determined to remain in London and enjoy all that high society had to offer. He had little interest in country parishes, even the one that had landed in his son's lap. Or perhaps particularly this one! "…you absolutely must play for us, Georgiana!" the lady opposite him was saying, turning her attention from dining to entertainment. She beamed at her friend and Daniel was forced to admit, again, only in the privacy of his own mind, that she was quite pretty when she smiled. Her eyes were bright with humour and he shuddered, almost in spite of himself, thinking he was not sure he would like to be at the mercy of those eyes, which would surely be as prone to teasing as his own cousin, and as merciless. "I am quite sure everybody is tired of hearing me play, Lizzy," her companion murmured, and Daniel felt his ears prick up in spite of himself. She was the younger, he thought, for there was a meekness and a quietness in her that was not so evident in her friend. Where the elder of the two was dark-haired and quick-witted, her eyes traversing the room as quickly as her mind leapt from topic to topic, her friend was more careful. She spoke softly and with a consideration that made Daniel lean a little closer, almost unconsciously, to hear her better. "They certainly have no desire to hear me!" The dark-haired Lizzy declared, swallowing the last of her tea and setting her cup down with a clatter. She tilted her head to one side, regarding her friend thoughtfully. "Although if you are playing you cannot dance and that will certainly not do!" "I do not mind not dancing," Georgiana replied, colouring a little at the suggestion. Daniel frowned. There was nothing so very scandalous about dancing at what must be a friendly neighbourhood party. Why was this young lady so reticent? Could she really be so very shy as all that? She looked up at him, then, and he was so surprised that their eyes met for a moment before he was recalled to himself and managed to wrench his gaze away. "I cannot work here!" he declared, eager to distract from having been caught in the very act of eavesdropping - which behaviour he quite despised in others and regretted discovering in himself. He shuffled his papers together so angrily that he knocked his bible to the floor with a resounding thump. Bending to retrieve it, he sent a sharp glare at the table the two young ladies sat at, now ceasing from conversing altogether to observe his performance. "It is too full of frivolous conversation to allow a fellow even a moment of peace and quiet. I see I shall be forced to take my work and go elsewhere!" Snatching up his papers, he stalked noisily towards the door, ignoring the hammering of his heart in his chest and praying that his bluster concealed his embarrassment at being caught staring at the young ladies. They did not seem stunned by his outburst, rather amused. They were laughing at him! His heart sank. He was worse than an eavesdropper, worse than bad-tempered. He was a laughingstock. And he had not yet even set foot in his pulpit!
"Well!" Elizabeth exclaimed, bursting into laughter before their neighbour had even managed to close the tea-shop door behind him. "I do think that was a little uncalled for. The poor man. We must have been being quite unbearably loud and distracting!" Her eyes sparkled with fun as she lifted her teacup to her lips. Georgiana was not so quick to appreciate the humour of their situation. "It was entirely uncalled for! He was in a public place. He surely could not have expected silence. Why not work in his own study if he does not wish to be disturbed?" She shook her head. "What an obnoxious man. I do hope we shall not be forced to cross his path again." She frowned, thoughtfully, as she stirred milk into her tea. "I did not recognise him. Perhaps he is new to town." "Or visiting," Lizzy suggested. "There are a great many strangers here who have come to stay with family for Christmas. My own family shall soon arrive to swell our numbers." Her lips quirked. "Some of my family, in any case." This was a far more genial topic of discussion to Georgiana and she happily turned her attention to the arrival of the Gardiners and their plans for how best to enjoy the Christmas holiday in Pemberley. "We shall have to visit the tenants, of course. Ordinarily, it is only William and I that make the visits, but I suppose he will prefer to do it with you this year." She was not quite unconscious of the wistful tone in her voice but hadn't realised how clear it was until Lizzy remarked upon it. "You shall come too!" she asserted, looking at little affronted at Georgiana's careful omission. "I hope you do not think, Georgiana, that now I am here you have no role to fulfil in the effective running of Pemberley. It is still just as much your home as ever, and as evidenced by my utter reliance on you for the planning and preparation for our dinner I still very much need my new sister to help and advise me on how best to manage the estate." She shook her head, smiling a little in the teasing way she often did when referring to her husband. "Poor William is no help at all, for he grew up with this knowledge and believes, I think, that I have been gifted with it quite supernaturally upon the occasion of our marriage." She bit her lip. "I dare say I have already done all I can to correct that notion…" Georgiana smiled, recalling one particular dinner that did not end up being served until late into the night because nobody had thought to remind Elizabeth that she must arrange it. Sleepy, and too tired to do more than move their meat around on the plates, everyone had ended up going almost directly to bed, leaving the servants to clear up after them and it had taken a very diligent course of apologies and self-deprecation to restore the natural balance of power and affection between the servants and their new mistress. Fortunately, Lizzy made friends easily and Georgiana admired how quickly and easily she won back the hearts of those who worked for her, making her transition to Pemberley rather easier than it might otherwise have been. There were no more late dinners, although Lizzy had had plenty of other mishaps in her short time at Pemberley. "I do not wish to be in the way," Georgiana said. "Many of the jobs that would once have occupied me now fall to you - as they should." She smiled. "Do not worry about me, Lizzy. I shall find something to occupy me soon enough, but at the moment I confess I feel a little adrift on occasion." "You need a project of your own," Lizzy agreed, nodding slowly. "What about a recital? You are so fond of music. Why not put together a Christmas concert at the church?" "And who would play in it? I hope you are not suggesting I -" "No, no," Lizzy said, quickly, although her expression suggested that yes, this was precisely what she had been poised to suggest. "But you know the local people and their children. Surely there are plenty of them with who might be persuaded to put together a small choir." The pitch and fervour of Lizzy's voice rose, formulating her idea as she spoke it into being. "It would be a fine community event, and might even be used to raise funds for the poor and needy close to Pemberley. It will not take very long to plan and practice. It might take place on Christmas Eve! Wouldn't it be fun to plan such a thing?" "You certainly seem enamoured of the idea," Georgiana said, nudging Lizzy's foot with her own. "But then it is your idea, so -" "Oh, but don't you think it would succeed?" "It might," Georgina conceded. She turned the matter over in her head. Performing in a concert would not be something she would seek out herself. Whilst she adored music and was fond of playing she had no presumption of playing for anyone outside of her own close network of family and friends. But she did like children, and she was popular with the local folk. She had even given one or two sewing and singing lessons, while her brother was away and she had languished at Pemberley eager for company. "I will think about it." "I am quite sure the Gardiner children would eagerly take part if there is space for them," Lizzy continued, her voice sly. "Lizzy! You have already dragged me into your plan for a meal, and your plans for Christmas. How many more schemes will you dream up with the sole intent of occupying my time?" Georgiana's voice was sharp but she laughed as she spoke. She really was very fond of her new sister-in-law. She wished Lizzy did not see the need to think up things to occupy her, that she did not notice Georgiana's listlessness and low spirits, but she could not help but be grateful that she did. That, in all of this, God had seen fit to send Georgiana a sister and a friend, the very perfect person not only to be William's wife but to be her sister, and make their family complete in a way it had not been before. Lifting her cup to her lips Georgiana took one last sip from her cup and pulled a face. "My tea is cold!" "So is mine," Lizzy replied, setting down her own half-drunk cup and brushing her hands lightly on her skirts. "Well, shall we make a move? We still have all of our errands to complete." She shot Georgiana a sly glance "And perhaps we might stop at the church on the way back to our carriage. I dare say the new curate would be delighted with your idea for a concert..." "My idea?" Georgiana opened her mouth to contradict her, but Lizzy had already bustled towards the door, leaving Georgiana shaking her head in amused disbelief.
Darcy examined his ledger with care, adding his figures once, twice, three times, before signing off the page with a flourish. His eyes strayed from his work on more than one occasion to a smudge on one cuff, then to the clock on the mantel, then to the window. How was it, he wondered, that Pemberley, which had had always been his sanctuary and escape from the society he found most draining, now seemed too quiet to him? It was too empty without his wife and sister. The clock seemed to tick too loudly, the wind blew too fiercely against the window and he was aware of every single creaking floorboard, every soft step and muffled word of his servants which ordinarily drew no notice from the young master of Pemberley. Passing over one book, he turned to a sheaf of letters and began to look through his correspondence, which had been sorely neglected in the chaos of preparing for the first Christmas he and Lizzy would be spending as husband and wife. Chuckling to himself as he reread a letter from Bingley, who seemed to be adjusting to married life at Netherfield with as much enjoyment as Darcy had been in Derbyshire, he reached for a clean sheet of paper and his own pen and ink. Before he could strike the first word, though, a flurry of activity in the corridor distracted him from his task. He stood, anticipating the return of his wife, and was surprised, instead, to be interrupted by the introduction of a visitor, not a member of the family. "A Mr Lambert has come to call, sir. The new curate. Shall I show him in?" "Yes, certainly." Darcy had managed to rearrange his features into some approximation of a smile just in time for the mysterious Mr Lambert to make his appearance. "Mr Darcy." The young man clad in sober black dipped in a neat bow, before stepping forward to shake Darcy's outstretched hand. "Mr Lambert." Darcy frowned, wondering where it was he had heard the name before. Clearly, the man was not acquainted with him, judging by the formality of his polite introduction. Yet the name was not unfamiliar. He cast a glance down at the pile of papers he had begun working through, sifting through it with one hand until he located a card. Before he could strive to examine it more closely, though, the man had spoken again. "I hope you do not mind my calling on you, Mr Darcy. I do not doubt you are busy with your own preparations for Christmas." The man reached up to smooth his hair, dark and tousled from often having been raked through. It made him appear far more youthful than his years, and Darcy's lips quirked, reminded in some strange way of Charles Bingley. Clearing his throat, he spoke, eager to put his guest at his ease. "Not at all, not at all. Do sit down, Mr Lambert," he said, taking the opportunity to slide back behind his desk and extricate the card. Mr Daniel Lambert, curate. His breath caught. Of course! Pemberley's small parish church had been expecting a new curate for quite some time. The older minister in residence had, at last, stepped down, handing off the small church and all the parish obligations to a younger man, the very fellow who was shuffling awkwardly into a seat opposite Darcy at this very moment. "I am pleased to make your acquaintance at last," he said, surprised to recognise the truth of his statement. "Thank you," Mr Lambert muttered, the ghost of a smile flickering across his pale face. He nodded, repeating the words for good measure. "Thank you, Mr Darcy. I have been meaning to call on you since my first arrival in the post, but -" "You must be quite busy at this time of year, I imagine," Darcy said, kindly. He liked this man, recognising some of his own awkwardness around strangers and wishing to put him at his ease. "I cannot imagine it is an easy task to take up the position of curate at the church's busiest time of year!" "No," Lambert admitted, surprised and a little relieved to have his position so clearly and immediately understood. He shook his head, his voice ringing with amusement. "No, it is not. I have been ably introduced by Mr Carter, but it is never easy to find one's feet in the midst of such chaos. This is the reason I made it my goal to call on at least a few of the first families of the village before Christmas, so at last, I may make a few acquaintances." "What a pity you should choose to call now, in that case!" Darcy remarked, seeing, too late, the effect of his words on the nervous young curate, whose face fell. "You misunderstand me, Mr Lambert. I am not unhappy to make your acquaintance. Indeed, I am glad to do it, and to welcome you to Pemberley, and to Derbyshire on behalf of my friends and neighbours." He smiled. "We are not an unwelcoming community and I hope and trust you will find a home here. I merely mean that it is unfortunate you should call today, at this hour, and find me here alone. My wife and sister are not presently at home and I know that they would have liked to meet you." He nodded around the room. "I confess you should receive a far warmer welcome were they here." Mr Lambert smiled a little awkwardly as if unsure what to say in response to this. "And yet, I believe I have a suggestion that may aid us both!" Darcy clapped his hands, delighted that the notion should come to him now, while the man was sitting before him, and knowing that his wife would certainly applaud him for his initiative. "In a day or two, my wife and I are hosting a small dinner to celebrate the arrival of my wife's aunt and uncle. A few neighbours will be in attendance and you, sir, are most welcome to join us." Mr Lambert's eyebrows lifted, and he did not speak at first, as if struggling to find the correct response. "Will you come?" Darcy prompted, and the young curate nodded, once, feebly, then a second time. "Thank you, Mr Darcy." His smile grew, and Darcy felt his own expression lift. "I will."
"They're here!" Lizzy had been perched in the window of her favourite room in the house: the sunny little library that Darcy had presented to her the day they arrived at Pemberley, pronouncing it to be her own domain to do with precisely as she chose. That afternoon, she had been listlessly reading in the pale winter light while Georgiana sewed: both ladies preferring to be together in the cosy library than in the elegant and airy parlour. "They are?" Georgiana set down her sewing and flew to join Lizzy at the window, peering out into the drive as the Gardiners' carriage made its final approach to the house. Lizzy felt a strange flicker of excitement. She was very fond of the Gardiners and would be pleased to see them again. More than that, she missed her family and would be glad to have the care of her aunt and uncle as she navigated this very first Christmas as mistress of Pemberley. Subconsciously, Lizzy's hands flew to her hair and she tucked in a stray curl or two, the movement catching Georgiana's eye. "You are not nervous, are you?" she teased, her eyes dancing. "I have met your aunt and uncle before and thought them quite charming." "Oh, they are!" Lizzy said, dropping her hands to her side and laughing at her preoccupation. "And Aunt Gardiner is far more sensible than Mama. I suppose I am merely eager to appear to my best in their eyes. After all, I know that they will be duty-bound to report all to Longbourn before long and I do not want to draw Mama's wrath even from so many miles away." She winked and returned to her work, before pausing and turning to face Georgiana directly. "You must tell me the truth, Georgie. Am I presentable?" "Absolutely!" Georgiana laughed, liking her arm thought Lizzy's and dragging her towards the door. "Now, we must go and wait in the parlour to greet them." She shivered. "They will be cold and tired, so we must ensure the fire is blazing and refreshments are prepared." The two young ladies hurried to their tasks, Lizzy pausing as they passed Darcy's study to knock on the door and slip inside at the sound of his quiet, "yes?" "My aunt and uncle are here," she said, pausing in the doorway. "They are?" Darcy's face broke into a smile and he pushed his chair back, coming around the desk. "Then why on earth are you talking to me? You will wish to greet them, surely?" Any anxiety Lizzy had felt about her family coming to Pemberley, about their reunion with her now-husband, vanished as she observed the smile of delight that lifted Darcy's dark features. He was fond of the Gardiners, almost as fond of them as Lizzy was, and their coming to Pemberley had been his idea. Lizzy had presumed, when he made the suggestion, that it was the best alternative he could think of to Mr and Mrs Bennet coming all the way from Hertfordshire, and for that, she did not blame him. Yet one look at his merry countenance today suggested that he was in fact pleased to invite the Gardiners for their own selves and that thought made her smile. "Georgiana is just stoking the fire in the parlour. We have already requested some refreshments. All that remains is for us to be there waiting for their arrival." "Then we must not delay!" Darcy said, with mock gallantry. He offered Lizzy his arm and the two broke into something close to a run down the short stretch of corridor that led to the parlour, bursting into the room in a gale of laughter that made Georgiana jump. "What is so funny?" She demanded, with a withering glance at her brother, who immediately straightened and became the regal, dour Mr Darcy once more. "Anyone would think you were not a gentleman at all!" He held his peace for half a moment before his eyes met Elizabeth's and they both dissolved into laughter again, too enthusiastically to regain their composure as the door opened and Mr and Mrs Gardiner stepped into the room, their children around them. "Well! This is a happy sight!" Mr Gardiner boomed, setting his young daughter down on her own two feet and turning to shake Darcy's hand. "Elizabeth! How well you look!" Mrs Gardiner said, leaning in to embrace her niece. When their heads were bent close together she whispered, "I expect to be let in on the joke!" Releasing Elizabeth, Mrs Gardiner turned to greet Georgiana with the same warm embrace. Lizzy was touched to see the affection on the older woman's face, and the way Georgiana leaned into her arms and held on for just a moment longer than was polite. Lizzy had come to understand how the loss of his parents had shaped Darcy into the aloof figure he could still often be, but she often forgot the toll such a loss had taken on the younger Georgiana. Moments like this, when the motherly Mrs Gardiner offered her the affection she so sorely missed, recalled Lizzy to this truth and she made a mental note to focus still more of her energies in securing Georgiana's happiness, both now and in the future. "And how are you, Mr George?" Lizzy asked, bending to shake young Master Gardiner's hand. Her cousin had grown a foot since she had seen him last and seemed quite the young man, which made Lizzy's heat ache. How quickly time was passing! Soon these children she romped and played with would be young gentlemen and ladies themselves. "Oh dear! Has our arrival spoiled all the fun?" Mr Gardiner said, turning from his polite discussion of their travel arrangements with Darcy to Elizabeth and noticing the serious expression on her face. "Not at all, Uncle!" Lizzy said, beaming at him. She slipped her hand through the crook of his elbow and steered him to a chair. "You must be tired after your journey! I have the very best seat picked out for you, here, by the fire." "Well, I shan't say no to such hospitality!" Mr Gardiner said, allowing his niece to direct him and sinking heavily into the chair she pointed out. "I hope you shall maintain that perspective this evening!" Darcy remarked, with a wry grin, as he slyly engaged in a game with George and Mary that would be considered quite undignified in many parlours up and down the country, but here merely demonstrated the change that had come over the reticent Fitzwilliam Darcy in the past few months. "We shall be hosting a dinner to welcome you to Derbyshire and have invited a few guests." "You did not need to go to such trouble!" Mrs Gardiner began, turning to frown at Georgiana as if the idea had been hers. "It is no trouble, Aunt!" Lizzy put in. Her eyes rested on her husband, as he laughed and romped with the children, before scooping them both up, one under each arm, and carrying them over to a rug by the fire where they might be a little warmer and able to play quietly under the watchful eyes of their parents. "No trouble at all," Darcy agreed, a little breathless from roughhousing. "In fact, it has afforded me an opportunity to invite the new curate and introduce him to some of the other families in the area." He collapsed into his own chair and glanced over at Georgiana and Mrs Gardiner who came to join the rest of their party. "Poor fellow looked rather overwhelmed to be inheriting his first curacy at such a time as this!" "Christmas is a busy time for the church," Mr Gardiner agreed. "And to move to a new place must be daunting," Georgiana observed, perching daintily on a sofa beside Mrs Gardiner. "We must do all we can to make him feel welcome!"
"…and it is at a time like this, a time like Christmas, when we find our hearts turn naturally towards…towards…" With an irritable exhalation, Daniel tugged at his cravat until it was untied and stalked over to his desk, angling his sermon notes so that he might see them and scanning his own careful cursive until he could find the place at which his memory had failed him. "It is at a time like this, a time like Christmas, when we find our hearts turn naturally towards hospitality…" he muttered, closing his eyes and allowing the words he had slaved over to sink all the more deeply into his brain. He had never struggled with recitation before, or not to the extent that his one caused him difficult. Distractedly, he fingered the edge of his cravat, his lips forming the words but speaking the rest of his sermon silently to himself, without the need for sound. "There!" he muttered, the slightest hint of a smile lifting his thin lips as he reached his cheery conclusion. It did not do to deliver a lecture on Christmas day, of all days, to a flock to whom he was, as yet, nought but a name. I shall meet some of them this evening, he reminded himself, returning to his primary task, the one that had brought him into this room to begin with, although the light which had encouraged him to dress here, where he might angle a mirror and better see his reflection, had long since forsaken him. Lifting a solitary candle a little closer, he squinted at his reflection and at last pronounced himself done, although he could not help one last, wary tug at the nonsensical cravat which appeared to exist only that it might plague him. These things are sent to try us! he thought, recalling how sanguine his father would have been when faced with such myriad small trials as Daniel had faced of late. For his own part, he viewed the hurdles as yet more evidence that he was flirting with disaster by undertaking this particular role in this particular place. It was too late to refuse the position, though, and he must proceed, doing the best he could and hoping against hope that he brought no shame to his family's name. "This is a fine position," he muttered, smoothing his hair down with more force than was necessary and wincing at the tug on his scalp. "I am fortunate to receive it so early on in my career." He had been encouraged by Mr Darcy's warm welcome the previous day. He had heard a great many conflicting reports of Mr Fitzwilliam Darcy: that he was wealthy was never in doubt, but his manner was a cause of perpetual confusion in the environs of Derbyshire. Many to whom Daniel had spoken had praised him, calling him a fair master and a noble successor to his father, the unequivocally kind and generous elder Mr Darcy, whose loss was still felt throughout the community. Others were reticent, suggesting the young Mr Darcy was not without his faults, of which pride was considered the worst. Haughty to the point of rudeness, he'll not deign to meet with a lowly curate - even one whose parish includes Pemberley… Well, Mr Darcy had met with him, and more than that had welcomed him quite warmly to Derbyshire. Had Mr Darcy himself not been the one to insist on Daniel's attending the very dinner for which he was now preparing for? A clock chimed somewhere in the house and Daniel stiffened. The very dinner he would be unpardonably late for if he did not leave right at this very instant! Bolting for the door, he did not pause to extinguish his candle or to reconcile his papers, trusting that he would be in a perfectly fit state to revisit his sermon for one or two final tweaks that evening. It must be the very best it can be for Christmas Day, for that is the first time many of my parishioners will meet me and I do not mean to disappoint them! He clambered onto his horse, feeling the absence of a carriage, before reminding himself that curates had no need of such extravagance and he certainly had plenty of his family's excess to atone for. He was on his way, the wind whipping past his ears and drowning out any other thoughts until he came within sight of Pemberley. The grand house looked almost foreboding in the dark, a great shadowy fortress looming ahead of him and in a moment of weakness, Daniel debating turning back, sending word that due to his volume of work he would be sadly unable to attend that evening. He was no coward, though, and would not descend to falsehood in order to escape a trial. Mustering some version of the same courage his namesake must have had when entering the lions' den, he ventured on, dismounting and knocking at the grand Pemberley doors. "Good evening, sir," a motherly housekeeper said, opening the door and ushering him across the threshold. "Won't you please join Mr and Mrs Darcy and their guests in the parlour? Right this way." Daniel had been here before, and recently enough that he ought not to be surprised by the elegant Christmas decorations, the holly and mistletoe and pine that scented the air whenever he took a breath. This evening, though, lit by flickering candlelight and somehow softened by the low murmur of voices in the distant parlour, the decorations made Pemberley even more beautiful than he had remembered, and he could not help but smile to find himself in such a place as this. His smile faltered as he reached the parlour and was shown into the room, his eyes sweeping its occupants and identifying, amidst a handful of strangers, one or two faces he recognised. Mr Darcy, of course, standing guard by the fire, ready to greet whichever of his guests arrived next. Beside him, a tall, dark-haired figure who must be his wife. This was the figure who caused Daniel's smile to falter, his heart to sink as she turned towards him and the same laughing eyes he had seen once before fixed upon him in recognition. "Why, it is our tea-drinking friend!" With an elegant hand, she beckoned a shorter, slighter lady to join her - her pretty blonde-haired companion from the morning, a few days ago now, at the tea room. Daniel's smile became more of a grimace but he shook off any reticence and stepped forward, bowing sharply and straightening to meet each lady's eye in turn. "Good evening." "Oh, have you met?" Mr Darcy asked, witnessing this little charade with a flicker of amusement in his dark eyes. "I had no notion that you were already acquainted! My wife, Mr Lambert. And this is my sister, Miss Georgiana Darcy." Daniel's smile stretched painfully and he felt, rather than heard Mrs Darcy's musical laugh as she tugged her sister-in-law forward. "Now, Georgiana, do you think Mr Lambert will mind us laughing and talking loudly in the parlour, or ought we to moderate our excitement here, as well?"
A/N - Thank you so much for all the reads and comments so far! I haven't had much time to read them yet as I've been racing to meet deadlines but hoping to catch up sometime today. I hope you are enjoying this sweet little Christmas Story! xx Georgiana might have been a little sympathetic to poor Mr Lambert. The young man looked utterly mortified by Elizabeth's joke, for, not knowing her new sister as well as Georgiana did, he had clearly not realised she was teasing him and mistook her laughter for censure. "I must apologise," he said quickly, tripping over himself in his eagerness to make right the mistake. "I was rather uncharitable at the tea room. I was very busy and trying to work. I fear I did not manage the distraction of your presence very well." He ducked his head once more. "Forgive me." "Lizzy," Darcy said, with an exasperated look at his wife. "Please tell me you and Georgiana were not distracting the poor curate from his work." Georgiana coloured, realising that that must have been precisely what he had been doing. Now that she thought back over their first encounter, she did indeed recall a small, leather-bound book that might have been a bible, amongst the studious young man's belongings. Opening her mouth to apologise, she stopped short when she noticed the pained smile the man was wearing. "It was no distraction! And I do not suppose it is right of me to expect young ladies to comport themselves with quietness and sobriety when they are together." There was a sharp intake of breath from Elizabeth and Georgiana glanced up, seeing her own outrage reflected in the features of her sister-in-law. Darcy noticed just as quickly, interceding and turning with his new wife towards another guest and hurriedly engaging them in conversation before Lizzy shared her thoughts with the curate. Mr Lambert frowned, as if reading the situation correctly for what it was, yet remaining confused as to why his words ought to have caused such offence. Georgiana smiled, haughtily. "I suppose you would prefer that young ladies are perpetually seen and not heard, Mr Lambert? Or better yet, not seen at all?" She turned away before he could concoct a reply, and addressed herself to Mrs Gardiner, who was only too happy to discuss music, of which she was a fond devotee, although rather lacking in the talent to play herself. "You will play for us this evening, won't you, Georgiana?" she pleaded, as Georgiana's eyes strayed over her shoulder back to Mr Lambert, who stood aloof and alone, observing the milling crowd with an unreadable expression on his features. "I had planned to," she confessed. "But now I wonder if it would be wise not to, as it seems that Mr Lambert is not fond of such performance." Mrs Gardiner exchanged a glance with her husband, and Georgiana, misreading their concern for criticism smiled at them. "But if you would like me to, then, of course I will play!" Mrs Gardiner squeezed her arm warmly, a silent affirmation that yes, indeed, she must play for them and Georgiana made a silent promise to choose something especially light and jolly which would provide the dual win of pleasing Lizzy's aunt and uncle and putting Mr Lambert's nose still further out of joint. She glanced over at him again, feeling a stab of guilt as she saw him trapped between two couples, both of whom were turned away from him and chattering quite contentedly together, leaving the curate alone and friendless in a room full of people. She knew that feeling all too well and had rescued her own brother from a similar fate often enough. Perhaps I ought to go over… Darcy must have seen and made the same decision, for his move was swift and decisive, and he summoned all of his guests to join him at the dining table. In the shuffle, Georgiana realised too late that she was without a partner at about the same moment that Mr Lambert took a step forward, bowing and offering her his own arm. She looked around desperately for somebody, anybody, else but seeing no alternative, smiled stiffly and accepted his offer, following her brother and sister-in-law into dinner. "Did I hear that you are a musician, Miss Darcy?" Mr Lambert's question came so suddenly and in a tone of voice so different to the one he had used earlier that Georgiana almost missed it, glancing up at him quickly to ensure he had, indeed, spoken and she was not hearing some other conversation and misreading its audience. "I am fond of music," she said, surprised by the light that danced in his blue eyes. She had not noticed the deep colour of them before, nor how they seemed to change with the light. She blinked, breaking the spell and forcing herself to recall the anger that had burned in those same eyes as he had stalked away on their first meeting. "I imagine you find it a mere distraction from more worthy pursuits, Mr Lambert? Tell me, do you even allow for singing in the churches you pastor, or must all hold fast for the great, life-altering sermons you deliver?" He frowned, reading the censure in her voice and evidently wondering what in his question had provoked it. She could almost see him replaying his words to himself in an effort to understand his unintentional insult and she, too, wondered if she had been too reactive in her comment. "I think -" she began, seeking to roll back her words and be polite, as no doubt her brother would caution her to do. Recall, Mr Lambert is a guest in his house, and I might manage to treat him with civility, even if I think his opinions are utterly objectionable! "I dare say you are right, Miss Darcy," Mr Lambert said coolly, as they reached the dining room. His features were pinched and when he smiled it barely reached his eyes which seemed to have shifted again, no longer bright, dazzling blue, but icy grey, pale and indifferent. "It is through sermons that men's hearts are changed, after all. It is a great responsibility to bear and ought not to be treated lightly." Georgiana opened her mouth to challenge him, but after taking his seat he turned abruptly to speak to the neighbour on his other side, and Georgiana was only too pleased to let the matter drop.
Not for the first time, Darcy was pleased he had married someone far more gregarious than he. Lizzy expertly navigated no fewer than three conversations at once, amusing and delighting her guests with her quick wit and gentle humour, the very things that Darcy had grown to love most of all about his pretty, clever wife. He did not glean more than a passing sense of her conversation, though, because his mind was entirely taken up in observing the behaviour of another of his guests. Daniel Lambert was turned in his seat almost entirely to put Georgiana at his back, which behaviour would ordinarily have struck Darcy as entirely ill-mannered, had Georgie not turned equally against him. Indeed, his sister had never been entirely adept at keeping her true feelings from showing on her delicate features. Whilst she smiled and laughed along with the exaggerated story Mr Gardiner was telling, Darcy was astute enough to notice the sharp crease in her forehead that never completely lifted and the way her eyes kept lifting over her shoulder, to the back of Mr Lambert's head. Lambert himself was almost unrecognisable from the young man who had first made Darcy's acquaintance a day or two prior. He was sensible and sober, still, but his head seemed too heavy for his shoulders, as if it cost him a great deal of energy to sit upright and keep from slumping forward into his soup. Darcy recognised that level of exhaustion. He had felt it himself on only a few distinct occasions: twice at the hand of George Wickham, when he sought to separate first his own sister and then Elizabeth's from that man's clutches and a third time, during his convoluted courtship with the lady who was now his wife. What, then, caused Daniel Lambert to feel such agonising weariness? Darcy interlaced his fingers, leaning his chin on his knuckles and regarding the man carefully across the table. Carefully, but not subtly. "Don't you agree, dear?" Lizzy said, turning adroitly towards him. When he did not reply immediately, she nudged him with her elbow, forcing him to straighten and look at her in surprise. "What? Oh, yes. Quite so. Indeed." He smiled, fleetingly, and feigned an interest in his own soup-dish which had been sorely neglected during his observations. Lizzy made a joke, laughing and urging her neighbours to converse between themselves, before turning back to her husband with concern. "Are you quite well?" she straightened her cutlery. "I know that a dining room full of friends and relatives is perhaps not high on your list of favourite things, but you did encourage me to arrange this evening." "Encourage is rather a strong word," Darcy replied, arching an eyebrow at his wife. "I believe acquiesced to your suggestion is a more accurate reading of what happened with regards to this evening." "Very well," Lizzy grinned. "But I at least gave you some say in the guest list. Mr Lambert, for instance, was all your choice. I had no say in the matter of his invitation." This made Darcy's frown deepen. "And would you have said anything to counter it? I sensed some animosity between you and him, and now Georgiana is doing a poor job of ignoring him. I thought him quite amiable on our meeting, albeit a little quiet." He smiled. "Please do not tell me you bear a grudge only against men who prefer to keep their thoughts to themselves than to speak them aloud at any and every opportunity." Lizzy pulled a face at him. "It would be foolish for me to adopt that position," she said, lifting a glass to her lips and taking a sip of her drink. "He was so rude to us when all poor Georgiana and I did was laugh!" "The audacity!" Darcy said, allowing his voice to grow warm with gentle teasing. "I trust you were not laughing at him, and thus justifying his outburst?" "No, indeed!" Lizzy bristled, although two spots of colour in her cheeks suggested his assertion was not entirely wide of the mark. "Well, anyway, we did not say anything bad about him whilst he was there to hear it." She ducked her head, having the grace to look a little embarrassed by this behaviour. "It was perhaps wrong to speak unkindly of him, but this was in retaliation for the way he acted. You ought to have seen him. He huffed and puffed in our general direction until apparently he could bear it no more and left, gathering his belongings and storming out of the tea room as if he could not believe we had the nerve not to sit in abject silence and allow him to work." She shook her head. "It was not as if we were in a church! He might work just as easily in his study as in our tea room." "Your tea room?" Darcy deployed his eyebrow once more. "The tea room," Lizzy clarified. "The public tea room. The one that is open to the public and anyone who might care to converse over their refreshments and not merely peg away at studies." She bit her lip. "I ought to apologise, I suppose." "It would be charitable," Darcy remarked. He patted his wife warmly on the hand. "Recall, not all gentlemen handle crowds and introductions as well as you do." Their eyes met and they smiled, both recalling their fractured first meeting and the misunderstanding that had undermined their first year of acquaintance. "You have already demonstrated your ability to forgive a poor first impression. Take another look at our curate. Perhaps he is hiding his light under a bushel." Lizzy frowned. "Perhaps. On the other hand, he does not seem to have endeared himself greatly to Georgiana, and I think we can both agree she is far more easily pleased than I am. Oh dear!" She sighed. "I had high hopes for matching the pair when you mentioned inviting a newly-arrived curate to dine with us. I could not have imagined that he and our grumpy companion were one and the same, and had constructed a pretty little romance for the pair." "Romance?" Darcy's expression darkened. "Between Georgiana and a curate?" "Do not say curate like that as if I suggested matching her with a street-urchin. I wager you would not even consider the Prince Regent himself a suitable match for your sister, but I thought you had learned not to judge quite so harshly according to one's status and position. Or have you forgotten your aunt?" Darcy groaned. He rarely had cause to think of his aunt, Lady Catherine de Bourgh, but that did not mean she was often very far from his thoughts. She was only too fond of remarking on people's pedigree and had used social status as the very cornerstone of her objection to Darcy and Elizabeth marrying. He shuddered. He did not care to be like his aunt, and if Lizzy was already drawing parallels between Lady Catherine's fierce guarding of his affections and his own protection of Georgiana, perhaps he ought to take care. "That is entirely different," he whispered, although he could not quite believe it. "I am concerned about Georgiana's wellbeing." "As am I, and you needn't fret. Now that I have met the bad-tempered Mr Lambert, I have no more plans of matching the pair than I have of taking a vow of silence. Now do, please, finish your soup. Everyone is eager for our next course and we delay only for you!"
