Lizzy In Service Chapter 1 New Employment Mrs. Gardiner, a round woman with silver-grey bun perched high on her head, adjusted her spectacles on her nose as a young carrot-haired maid slipped a piece a parchment between the lady's chubby fingers. "Goose with orange sauce, boiled lamb with potatoes, mint gelatin..." Mrs. Gardiner ample fat bosom heaved from loosening the slow roll of her exacting pronunciation. Mrs. Gardiner dropped her thick arm that held the list and looking at the young girl grimaced. "Where's the chutney?" Mary Lou dropped her gaze, her pale face colored and she pulled at her fluttering fingers. "But I don't know how to make chutney." Her accent was a chirpy Scottish that she whispered from shame. Mrs. Gardiner sighed long looking and rolling her eyes, smacked the girl's arm with the list. "Then give the list to Barb." Mary nodded taking up the note and picking up her skirts dashed off. As Mrs. Gardiner was speaking with the butler Grieg, a weathered, lanky fellow with dark stringy hair and a Roman nose, she noticed Mr. Darcy step out from his study. Mrs. Gardiner bustled her large fanny to catch him. Mr. Darcy was tall and quick on his feet so that she got in the habit of hare chasing him whenever he was on the move. "Mr. Darcy" Mrs. Gardiner huffed and she was stampeding towards him. Mr. Darcy turned towards her, his brown eyes momentarily catching her rushing form, but he turned to his side and took out his pocket watch regarding it. He muttered, "If it is about your niece, I will give my answer later. I have a meeting to attend to presently." Mr. Darcy's handsome form and formality often put others on guard but Mrs. Gardiner was too much-vested interest in her pursuit that she lost her sense of propriety when speaking of her niece. "But Mr. Darcy, she has already arrived yesterday, and I promised her work." "That was your promise, not mine." Darcy grimaced at her. "Have I not served you well for so many years, when have I ever asked a favor? And, it is only on trial." Mrs. Gardiner's watery blue eyes looked up in supplication. Mr. Darcy sighed. "Very well, on trial then." Mrs. Gardiner smiled, her cheeks glowing. She was quite pleased with herself. Having one's way was such satisfaction. "Coming!" Jos yelled from the kitchen. He was a stock, short fellow with auburn hair and green eyes, clear as a buffed gem. He wiped his hands on his apron which he wore over a suit. The bell rang again and when he could see a pretty young form through the dusty window he quickly smoothed back his hair and cleared his throat and then pulled the door open. "Hello, Princess." He smiled wide enough that you could see the gap next to his molars. Elizabeth's gray eyes widened and it took her a few moments to gather herself. "I'm not used to such... hospitality." "A refreshing change?" He suggested lifting up his eyebrows. "I wouldn't say that." She smiled mildly and peeked over his shoulder. "This is my first day but I'm afraid I need to hurry because I'm running late. "Oh, you're the new kitchen-maid!" Jos shouted. "Yes and filling in with general duties and you are?" She raised her eyebrow at him as she regarded his apron. "I'm Jos, I usually work with Grieg the butler but I had to take over for the absentee kitchen help." He then laughingly took off his apron and pointed her inside. Mary Lou saw a tall, dark-haired girl in her coat and wide-brimmed flower hat. "Hello," said Mary. "Hi, I'm the new kitchen maid and I'm in need of a uniform and a little instruction." Elizabeth regarded Mary and thought she looked pleasant enough. Mary smiled, "Oh right, this way." She led Elizabeth to maids quarters and lifted off one of the black dresses and handed it to her. "You can go into your room to change and then Ms. Dodgson, the cook, will instruct you on your duties." When Elizabeth came out dressed in her uniform, the puffy sleeves giving breadth to her slim shoulders, Mary smiled warmly. "You look neat as a pin except..." Mary regarded her for some moments tapping her teeth. "You do need a pin or two for your unruly but very pretty hair." She took a few pins from her left pocket and sauntered over to Elizabeth. "I always keep pins ready cause all the running makes a terrible fuss with my hair!" She pulled back Elizabeth's black wavy locks of hair and gathering some pins in her mouth, slipped them into her hair. Elizabeth smoothed her hair and smiled at her. She indicated Elizabeth to turn which she did. Mary then snapped her back bow into proper shape and then grabbing her by the shoulders beamed at her. "I hope we shall be friends, I long for a friend in this desolate place!" While they were winding down the stairs. They were greeted by Grieg who told them they better get started on dinner as Mr. Darcy's guests had arrived early. Then Ms. Dodgeson, a grim-featured spinster looking woman curled her pointer finger towards Elizabeth, beckoning her. "I suppose you know how to make these?" She handed Elizabeth the list. "Well not exactly, but I'm a fast learner." Elizabeth fidgeted. She looked at Mary Lou, who simply shrugged. Ms. Barb Dodgeson shook her head and clicking her tongue said, "Watch and learn fast then, girl." She sprinkled flour on the wooden board, slabbed the sticky dough onto it and began to punch it with her fist. When the dishes were being presented, Mary Lou led Elizabeth near the open door where they could see from their corner the glittering guests. Apparently there was the Baron, who was portly with a long mustachio, his wife of medium build with a long face, wearing jewels in her hair and neck, the governor, a short man with receding hair with his daughter, a pretty fair featured blonde. Mary Lou was pointing out all the guests and then Mr. Darcy. Elizabeth noticed that the finery on the guests gave them each a handsome air even if their faces were anything but. However, she noticed the girl and particularly Darcy to be truly handsome. Though the girl seemed sweetly smiling while she listened to the rest of the party, Darcy's demeanor was harder to read, he seemed to wear his reticence like royalty. The Baroness was laughing and then pointed toward the corner of the room. "You have a few watchful mice, Mr. Darcy" "Must be the Baron, insisting on strong cheese with his wine" Darcy said flippantly, as he eyed Mary Lou and Elizabeth from the corner. His gaze looked at Elizabeth quizzically for she was a face he had not set his eyes on yet. A/N: Please note that the setting takes place in the early 1900s. Please forgive any inaccuracies/inconsistencies as I am still learning to write historical fiction. Also for those who have the read and/or followed Maid Lizzy, this is the same story. My apologies for deleting the posted chapters as I did not have time to finish it at the time. Also, this is a work in progress so some details may end up changing along the way. Thank you for all the feedback!
Chapter 2 The New Arrivals "Rise and Shine!" Chirped Mary Lou into Lizzy's ear. Lizzy was sprawled on her bed, her hair and nightgown touseled from the restless night. She popped open an eye and glared at Mary for waking her in this ungodly hour. "It's still dark, it can't be more than 5 in the morning." "It's 4 in the morning actually," Mary said smiling in the dark gray room. "Up, up" Mary pulled Lizzy off the bed. Lizzy stood there with her chin on her chest, wavering on her feet drowsily. "C'mon, wash up and get dressed or you'll be late." Lizzy dragged her feet to the basin, poured the jug of water in and splashed her face. After scrubbing her face and neck. She walked over to the dresser. Mary had lit a small candle when she awoke, and its golden orb gave enough light for her to find her uniform and put it on. "Mrs. Gardiner wanted to speak to us today and formally introduce you." Lizzy smiled and was glad to finally see her Aunt. There hadn't been time yesterday with all the commotion with Darcy's important guests. When Elizabeth and Mary reached the servants' hall. Mrs. Gardiner was talking to Ms. Dodgeson and could overhear Ms. Dodgeson complaining about Elizabeth's lack of culinary skills. "What kind of kitchen maid, doesn't know how to cook? What is she some special charity case? Well, I suppose she could always wash the floors." Mrs. Gardiner had seen the two girls appear and smiled sunnily to them though her eyes darted back to Ms. Dodgeson involuntarily. "Good morning girls, we were just uhh.." Mrs. Gardiner waved her hand about trying to coax her memory,"...going over today's menu." "Good morning Aunt," Elizabeth sidled over to Mrs. Gardiner who kissed her cheek. Ms. Dodgeson raised her eyebrow to Mary Lou, who just shrugged. Then Mrs. Gardiner pointed Elizabeth and Mary Lou into the kitchen. It seemed there were two new arrivals who were in their coats and hats and already making introductions with the whole crew. One of them was a young man with ebony hair, light hazel eyes, medium build with handsome features but with slight imperfections in symmetry with his long jaw and a nose that had a slight bend, as it had been broken in a previous fight. The other was a pretty girl with hazel curls, round frame with an hourglass shape, her blue eyes were large and seemed even larger on her small face. The male was animatedly telling some tale while the rest of the servants looked on laughing. They all turned when Mrs. Gardiner showed up with the girls. "Ahh, you must be Mr. Barlow and here is, of course, our Rose." Mrs. Gardiner walked over to them smiling. Mr. Barlow bowed and Rose gave Mrs. Gardiner a kiss on her round cheek. "And how are you, my dear?" Mrs. Gardiner patted her gently on the girl's back. "I'm good, I'm feeling glad to be back." Rose smiled as her cheeks colored pink. "And it is good to see you back Rose!" Jos sprung up from his seat next to Ms. Dodgeson and Frederick the footman, skinny, sandy blonde young fellow and gave her a hug. Rose seemed taken by surprise from his bear hug and her feet shuffled back. Frederick likewise raised his glass and winked to her. "Now then, we should get on to see the Master. C'mon" Mrs. Gardiner led the Glen, Rose, and Elizabeth upstairs. "It is good to see Rose again." Jos grinned. "Especially after having the baby." snickered Frederick. Ms. Dodgeson elbowed him in the ribs. "Quiet!"
Chapter 3- A Budding Romance Mr. Darcy was in his study. His head bowed, his brown locks hanging over his brow, his long body bent over his desk as he was scribbling a response. There was a knock on the door. "Come in," he shouted as he stuffed the note into an envelope addressing it to Miss Felicia Dawson and stamping his seal. He then placed it on the silver tray Grieg had held toward him. "Sir, I have your two new employees and one that has just returned." Glen, Rose, and Elizabeth came through the door. Glen gave a bow which Mr. Darcy returned and both Rose and Elizabeth curtseyed. "It is good to see you again, Rose. I take it your in good health?" "Yes sir," Rose smiled openly, her cheeks glowing and the arch of her small teeth visible. His eyes involuntarily darted to Elizabeth but then he looked at Glen. "And you are?" "Glen Barlow sir, your new valet." Glen pointed up his chin and stood with his shoulders back. "Very well, you can follow me out. I'll be leaving shortly and will need a new suit." Darcy was gathering up his things and then turned back momentarily to look at Elizabeth. "I recognize your face from last night but don't know the name." "Elizabeth Bennet, sir, I'm the new kitchen maid." "Oh yes, Mrs. Gardiner's niece. Hope you'll find your stay pleasant." Darcy nodded to them and left with Barlow following him to his room. What did he mean her stay? She was not a visitor but his maid. Elizabeth shook her head. Glen was helping Darcy with choosing his suit. "And what occasion?" "A dinner engagement" "Business or with a young lady?" Darcy looked askance and busied himself with a box of cufflinks. "A young lady," he muttered. "In that case, may I suggest the blue lavender tie and navy jacket. It sets such a.." Glen shut his eyes and pursed his lips and with a wave of his hand said " je ne sais quoi, a moonlight mystique." Darcy took the tie from him but had a pinched expression on his face. "Are you reader. You sound like one." "A great many books. I'm unabashedly chock full of useless facts and occasionally a singular noteworthy idea." Barlow grinned. Darcy pulled on his jacket."My last valet was a reader too." "Oh was he, what happened to him?" Glen smiled smugly. "I fired him." Darcy returned his smile. Felicia hurried up and down the great hall. Her dress, a modern design from Paris, wrapped around her slim frame with ruffles on her bodice and near her feet. The restriction in favor of style allowed her long legs little movement so that when she walked she practically shuffled. This was fine for her when she first wore the dress. She imagined she was kind of Western Geisha, whose charm lay in the painful endeavor to please. However, after an hour of shuffling along aimlessly, her dress retained none of her former charm and she longed to rip it off. "Felicia, sit down!" Her mother commanded. "You will be a ruin if you keep this up." Felicia sighed and sat next to her mother on the sofa. Her mother was tucking back her stray blonde hairs. "Now dear, temper yourself" She took her hand. "My word, you are hot as a brick." Her mother dropped her hand in alarm. "I don't feel very well," Felicia said, holding the back of her hand to her head. "Perhaps, we should cancel..." Her mother turned away cooly, "Nonsense child. I'm sure its just nerves." She then turned back to her and smiled..." besides the heat in your cheeks look charming. Perhaps, it's not for naught you are running about like a headless chicken." The bell rang. They could hear the muffled voices of Darcy and their butler. And then his footsteps approaching. Felicia's hands were jumping about touching her hair, adjusting her collar, picking petals that dropped from her hair. "Stop fidgeting child!" Mrs. Dawson clenched her daughter's hands. Felicia colored when she was Darcy standing over them. Her face showed the agitation of embarrassment more than her usual happy glow. "Mrs. Dawson, Felicia?" They stood up and he took both their hands to kiss them. Fitzwilliam and Felicia took a turn around the garden after their dinner. The sun had set an hour earlier so the night sky had a velvet blue cast. Felicia was talking about their new hires and joked that her ladies maid was sticking in needles in her like a pin cushion. When Darcy chuckled, Felicia glowed proudly. Darcy likewise mentioned his new valet that insisted he wear blue because of a certain "moonlight mystique." Felicia looked him over. "Why it's like you are part of the picture. The night sky seems to drape around you. You are such a picture." Felicia giggled as she slipped his necktie between her fingers. "And for you, the night doesn't do you justice. You need to be seen, the gold of your hair and your dewy skin." Felicia looked up at Darcy. His eyes looked almost black in this light. She trembled when he touched her chin and tilted her towards him. He then kissed her lightly on her lips. When Darcy pulled back. Felicia's cheeks were hot. "Why Fitz, I believe the proper order is the proposal and then the kiss." Darcy smiled. "I think you like my way just fine."
Chapter 4- Servant Management Barlow was sitting on the master's armchair in his library with the master's scotch in hand and reading one of the master's well-worn books, "Prim's guide to servant management." Barlow read the following twice...making a mental note of it: "Rule 34: Never reveal too much to your servant unless you want your life...splayed open like a pig at a butchery and fodder at servant tables across the county." Barlow laughed, "Priceless." He reached for a smoke in his pocket but thought the better of it in case Darcy sprung open the front door. He figured he may walk in any minute for a lady's curfew dictated that her beau leave shortly after dinner that is of course unless Darcy made a stop to the bars and visited some of the less savory and pretty patrons that lurked in the night. And so without too much surprise, Barlow heard the front door open. He jumped to his feet and placed the book carefully back on the shelf, swigged the last of the scotch, wiped the tumbler quickly with his kerchief and placed it on the bar table along with the rest. Then he stepped out the library quietly closing the doors. He was adjusting his collar and smoothing his hair when he saw Darcy approach him. "Sir," Barlow bowed. Darcy's eyed Barlow suspiciously but gave his coat and hat to him unceremoniously. "Did you enjoy your night sir? "Yes." "Did she cry?" "Excuse me?" Darcy asked. "Some women cry at proposals while others wait till her beau is far away." "There was no proposal and I would appreciate it if you kept your nose away from my business Barlow. You are a hire, not a friend." "Barlow turned away muttering. "My nose dare not get in your business if it hadn't smelled traces of lilac and warm woman on your collar." "What did you say?" Darcy asked with a winced expression. "I was saying my nose dare not get in your business for it is none of mine." Darcy opened his mouth to say more but thought better of it. "I will say goodnight and you don't need to follow me up. I am capable of tucking myself into bed. And if I smell scotch on you again, I will make sure of never seeing you again, except to hand you your notice. Good-night." "Very well, sir" Barlow bowed. 'Steady on lad' Barlow told himself. 'Patience...Patience. Someday I will rise and never will I bow again to these rich headless vegetables!'
Chapter 5 Darcy's Breakfast Annabelle, the dark-haired girl with a flour white skin was helping Mary Lou with the washing. Annabelle lifted up one of the many white shifts from the basket. "Are these all Georgiana's?" "Yes of course," replied Mary Lou. "Who else?" "Don't be such a naive babe. You know very well one of girls may have left their shifts in here by accident." "You mean Darcy with one of the girls?" Mary Lou gasped. "No, you ninny. Darcy wouldn't be so careless as to bed one of the girls even if he did take a fancy to one of us and not that I would mind him fancying me." Annabelle paused to pose and flash a smile and then continued. "I mean one of the young bucks we work with might have been busy with one of the young mares." She spoke out of the side of her mouth as she picked up a soap bar and elbowed Mary Lou. Mary Lou shook her head. "Some people have no shame." "Yes, like that new hire, what's her name?" "You don't mean Elizabeth?" "Yes, I do. Didn't you hear?" "Hear what?" "That she and her former employer were in the sack before she got sacked!" "I don't believe it. Must be false rumors! Besides why would he sack her?" "Because the Mrs. found out about it and made him." "I don't believe it." Mary Lou paused from her scrubbing and shook her head. Annabelle plopped another chemise into the large bowl and began scrubbing: "Well I tell you this much if she tries to ensnare our Darcy into her trap, she has another thing coming! He wouldn't touch her with a 10-foot pole." "And that goes for any of us. He's a gentleman." Mary Lou pointed up her chin. "Too bad, eh?" Annabelle grinned and elbowed Mary again. "Okay now. You are to make orange rolls with marmalade, links with butter, toast and boiled eggs, black tea with 3 heaping tablespoons of sugar for Mr. Darcy and mint tea for his sister Georgiana." "I guess Mr. Darcy has a sweet tooth." smiled Lizzy. "That he does." grinned Ms. Dodgeson. "Now once I give you the rolls and links, bake the rolls for an hour, the links for 3 minutes in a low heat pan, and boil the eggs for one minute." Elizabeth gave her a quizzical look. "The timing seems high for the rolls and too low for the links and eggs." "Are you teaching me or am I teaching you?" Ms. Dodgeson pointed a wooden spoon at her which she used to mix up the dough. Mrs. Dodgeson handed her the dough rolls, the sausage links, and eggs. "Now put everything in and here is the sugar jar for the tea when it's ready." After 50 minutes, the smell of smoke assailed Elizabeth's nose and she quickly pulled out the rolls from the oven. They were charred black and when she picked up the sausages they still looked almost raw and the eggs were not cooked. Elizabeth was about to tell Mrs. Dodgeson the bad news when Annabelle had already picked up the plate with the food and started to serve it to the Darcies. "Hurry up with the tea." Ms. Dodgeson called out. So Elizabeth quickly boiled the water and steeped the mint and black tea. She then added 3 heaping tablespoons of sugar as ordered. Georgiana a young girl of 15 was sitting next to her older brother Fitzwilliam at the large empty table. She was a pretty girl with soft features and curled blonde hair and her manners were meek. She was evidently shy even in her own household. "How are your studies going Georgie." "They are going tolerably well, I think. I painted the rose garden yesterday. The crimson was so brilliant against the azure and coral morning light that I couldn't help myself. It didn't look half so well in my painting but I think I captured some of the playful hues and shadows better than last year." "I saw the painting. It was very fine." "Surely it could be improved upon." "Yes, but it has already improved so much from last year." Georgiana smiled and then quickly frowned when she saw the burnt rolls and the uncooked sausage links. Georgiana picked up one of the eggs and broke it on her dish. The yolk and whites streamed out onto the table. "Don't eat any of it," Darcy spoke sternly. "Dodgeson" he yelled. "Yes, sir." "What is this? Some kind of practical joke?" "Oh dear, this is ghastly!" Dodgeson put her hands to her sunken cheeks. "It must have been that new girl, Elizabeth. I told her precisely how to cook everything and she could not have gone more foul with this wretched artistry!" Dodgeson picked up a sausage link, "Why this is practically raw. I will get rid of that girl so soon, it will make her head spin." "Here is the tea." Annabelle curtsied. "But, I'm sure the tea she can't have messed up." Dodgeson grinned. They both drank but Darcy coughed turning red. "Water, please water," he said through his choking. Annabelle shared an amused look with Ms. Dodgeson and handed Darcy a glass of water which he swallowed in large gulps. When he finally took a breath from his drink, he stammered angrily: "Is she poisoning us?! There is salt in my tea!"
Chapter 6-Lord Stuveton "Good lord, these cobwebs and dirt as thick as a carpet, look!" Annabelle pointed toward the top of the chimney mantel with a stern finger. "Then you better get to it, don't you think?" Mary Lou set her wash pail down and sitting up on her knees squeezed a large sponge and started to scrub the large ivory posts of the mantelpiece. Annabelle lightly dusted the top with her tiny mop and a cloud of dirt puffed about her face and she coughed, "This is disgusting. When was the last time it was cleaned." "I wonder child. When was the last time YOU cleaned it?!" Mrs. Gardiner walked in with Elizabeth who sulkily followed. "Elizabeth will be helping you two with the fireplace. Now be quick about it girls, you still have several other rooms to put in order before the guests arrive." Mrs. Gardiner handed Elizabeth a brush and an iron basket. "Clean the soot, will you dear and try not to make a mess of it." Elizabeth nodded and without a word kneeled toward the fireplace and started to brush the soot. Annabelle gave Mary Lou a knowing look and then looked at Elizabeth, "You know Mrs. Gardiner used to always make me clean the soot when I talked back to her. My skin always ended up turning splotchy black after and it took hours to wash off it all off. It's a sort of punishment you know." "Then I best be careful then," Elizabeth said simply. Mary Lou looked at Lizzy for some moments. "I am sorry about what happened earlier but for my sake, I'm glad you are here now." Elizabeth gave a slight smile to Mary Lou and kept scrubbing. "Who are we expecting today?" Elizabeth tried to sound cavalier. Ahh some Lord Stuffington and Darcy's friend Mr. Bingley. Elizabeth stopped scrubbing and froze. "Do you mean Lord Stuveton?" "Yes, that's it!" Mary Lou looked at Elizabeth. "You look suddenly pale Lizzy, are you okay?" "I'm...I'm okay," she stammered. "Someone, you know?" Annabelle smiled at Mary Lou. "No, I just heard of him, that's all." Elizabeth kneeled further into the mouth of the fireplace and hoped the girls didn't see her shudder. "Damn!" A tall strong figured sandy-haired gentleman with a mustachio dropped the smoking barrel of his rifle onto his left arm and opened the barrel to plug in new bullets. "Missed another Stuveton?" Darcy smiled. Stuveton ignored Darcy and squinting through the barrel, he traced along the circuitous course of the pigeons and popped another shot. A pigeon dropped like a large pellet and he grinned satisfactorily. "You may be the better shot Darcy but I could outlast you. I have the endurance." One of the servants scampered to fetch the pigeon. "I don't doubt it. Running through marshes and wrestling barrel-waisted men doesn't interest me in the least." The boy ran back and put it into the basket. "And why not? It's a man's duty to get into the field, to fight and toil. You are looking a bit pasty my friend, cooped up with your books and those obliging maids of yours all day. Not that I could blame you if you had an ounce of manly fiber and exerted yourself on those pretty sirens of yours. Endurance can be built in many ways my friend and enjoyably so." Stuveton winked at Darcy. Darcy snickered and tried to busy himself by cleaning his gun. Mr. Bingley sauntered over to the men carrying a limp pigeon in each hand. His boots were covered in mud. Charles Bingley had a good form and hair of curly wheat gold and laughing blue eyes. He dropped the pigeons into the half-full basket. "We have servants to do that." snickered Lord Stuveton. "I know but I'm not much of a shot and I don't mind the exercise," laughed Bingley. "You were born in the wrong class Bingley. I think you would rather make a good lackey or whipping boy. Here might as well carry my pigeons while you're at it." Stuveton laughed throwing the pigeons at Bingley who managed to duck from the flying fins and feathers. When Bingley regained his footing he turned pink and chuckled sheepishly. Darcy shot Stuveton a glaring look but didn't say anything. "Come now, let's have a drink. I hear you have a well-stocked cellar and I could use a hard drink." He put his hands over the men's shoulders as they walked back toward the house. Lord Stuveton was standing back with his arms crossed over Bingley who was squatting over the early port varieties down in Darcy's wine cellar. Bingley drew out one of the bottles from the lower shelf and handed it to Stuveton. Stuveton turned the neck over in his hand to read the year. He grimaced when reading the year, "I can't tell if this was it either." He opened the bottle, threw it back and took a large gulp, his adam's apple bobbing on his thick tan neck. He blinked a few times and then took swished it around his mouth. "No, this isn't it either." He shoved it back into the shelf. "This is the third bottle we've ruined. Perhaps, we should just use these for..." "Oh damn it." Lord Stuveton sighed. "Take them if you will, and I will take 3 more. If Darcy could not remember which one was served on our last dinner than neither can I. Still if I drink enough, I shan't be so particular in the case anyway." Afterwards, they went up to the study where Darcy was at his desk writing a letter. When he heard them approach, he looked up at their full arms. "Six bottles?" "Yes, you fool!" Stuveton set them down the table. I only needed one to satisfy but you don't bother to remember your wines, so I'm trying my luck with these. I should have a fair shot at finding a decent vintage among them. "So you should. Some of them are worth 100 guineas." "Not these." Stuveton took a swig from one of the open bottles. Darcy turned towards them, draping his arm around the back of his chair. He furrowed his brows while watching Stuveton imbibe on his wine like it was cheap tavern beer. Darcy got up from his chair and took the wine from Stuveton's hand and looked it over. "No this was one more than 100 guineas." He said frowning. "Then you were badly cheated, my friend." He clapped his hand over his shoulder and walked over his desk. He picked the letter Darcy was writing moments ago from his desk and read aloud: "My dear girl, Don't apologize for my sake. I am terribly flippant sometimes, I'm afraid. If the idea of managing the estate when you are mistress sends you in a flurry of panic, it is something I can take the larger share once we are married for I have been managing it for years. And, yes, I approve of you in sea-green muslin, my dear rabbit. I shall be glad and honored to attend the picnic next month.." Darcy snatched the letter from Stuveton's hand. "My God, I didn't know you were such a romantic. I think you filled out nearly two pages of this flowery fuddy-duddy. Is this a new mistress of yours? Your rabbit in sea-green muslin? Darcy turned red behind his ears but turned his head away. He opened his cigarette case and proceed to pick it up. "Light me one too, will you?" Stuveton roughly poked Darcy in the shoulder with his finger. So he lit his cigar and his cigarette and without speaking he walked to the sofa and sat where Bingley was watching with some considerable interest. "What are you smiling about?" Darcy said peeved. "Nothing." Bingley tucked in his smile trying to control his laughing. Stuveton looked at Bingley. "Who is it, Bingley?" "I think Darcy would rather I not share that confidence." He looked at a rather despondent Darcy from the corner of his eye. "It doesn't matter Bingley, I'm sure Stuveton is aware of it." "No, by God, I don't...unless you mean that blond swan-like creature that was in your arms at the Governor's ball last April." "Yes, it is. Miss Felicia Dawson!" Bingley said cheerily. "There's nothing mysterious in it. We run in the same circles anyhow," said Darcy. "Well, I will say I am a bit disappointed." "Surely you think Felicia is a handsome prize, she is more than her equal among the finest of glittering society." Touted Bingley. "No, it's not that. I knew of Felicia of course. I just thought he was writing to another, perhaps a pretty low-born with loose stays and skirts who will squirm squealing in the dirt like a husky pig when you have knocked her down in it." "Good god man, how many mistresses should a man have anyway." responded a shocked Bingley. "As many as one can have. Did Alexander or Napoleon ever wonder that they had conquered too much country? A man's appetite only grows...once he has tasted victory, does it not?" Stuveton smiled and puffed on his smoke. There was a tapping at the door and Annabelle brought in a silver tray with butter cakes and finger cookies with tea. "Your maid seems to think we are a bunch of old madams at tea time." Stuveton grinned at the pretty apparition. His eyes devoured her form and sensing his hard stare she turned her eyes up at him. She smiled and said pertly. "It would help to fill your stomachs. It would help with the hankering headache for tomorrow." "How very sensible. How I envy Darcy to have such a pretty maiden to take such good care of him." He picked up a cake and took a hearty bite all the while his eyes blazing into her sparkling blue eyes. She turned to Darcy, "Butter cake? Cookie?" Tea?" He cleared his throat and adjusted his collar, and took a cookie and bit into it. She watched him all the while he chewed. "Thanks, Annabelle." He pointed his head towards Bingley, and he felt momentarily relieved that her fixed stare had moved on. Bingley thanked her and took some tea. She was then moving toward the door. "Not so soon, how long has it been since I have seen such a sweet face." Stuveton strode toward her. "And what shall we call you?" "My name is Annabelle, sir?" "And you have an unusual accent. Where are you from Annabelle?" "Everywhere. I was born in Switzerland, moved to Germany and then America and now..." "Ahh beautiful country...I love the Alps, bountiful as breasts and the glacial lakes, the clearest blue I've ever set eyes on." His eyes devoured her chest and then her eyes accordingly. Annabelle bit her bottom lip while she looked up at Stuveton. Darcy then went over the two love birds. "Thanks, Annabelle, you can take your leave now." Annabelle turned to leave but smiled at Stuveton before she skipped out to the doorway. "Are you mad Stuveton. Are you drunk? You can't be making love to my servant!" seethed Darcy. "Oh you know, I'm just having a bit of fun. I probably just made her night." "And you are ruining mine." Darcy put his hand to his temple. "Darcy you are a bore, you need a drink. I so do I, so you grow more tolerable to me." He shoved the bottle toward him.
Chapter 7-It's a Kitchen Party Jos and Glen were clearing away the glasses from the study. They giggled about the three forms that had passed out to slumberland on the couches. All in sprawled positions and slightly comical position. Back at the kitchen, they laughed while mimicking their positions and snores. "Oh hello, there's still quite a bit left in this bottle. Perhaps we should take it back." "Not on your life!" Glen snatched it from Jos and started to guzzle it. "Hey steady on lad!" He fought with Glen to take it from him. "They will kill us if they find out we drank from their cellar." "No, because they drank it all, they just don't remember." Glen winked at Jos and took another swig. "I don't like this Glen...I really don't" Jos was wringing his hands. "You don't like what?" a woman's voice called from behind the pantry door. "Is that you Annabelle? Jos asked. "Who else?" Annabelle appeared from the pantry. "This is the best drink I've had since last the Sumnter party when I stole the brandy." sighed Glen. "That was last week," Annabelle said. "And how I been counting down the days when I could be alone with these beauties and have my way with them." Glen kissed the bottles and then shook each one to find more drink." "He is going to get us all sacked for this." Jos looked at Annabelle hoping for some compassionate rejoinder. "Glen you are wicked," Annabelle said. "You never had a Port wine from 1799, have you? And you never shall, I'm having the last drop." Glen was putting the bottle to his lips when she sidled up to him and took it from his hand and drank the rest of it." Glen smiled at her. Annabelle's eyes glinted. Jos just shook his head. "You both never saw me...I was never here." He slunk away from the kitchen and disappeared into the hall. Glen just waved him off. "Ooh, there's a practically a cup full in this bottle. Annabelle started swigging it." "You sure know how to drink Annie." The liquid dribbled onto her dress front and she wiped the drink with her arm. "It sure is fun to drink money." Glen eyed her chest. "It seems you dropped some coins onto your dress front." Annabelle elbowed him. "You drunk yet? asked Glen. "I'm not going to get drunk in front of you. I'm no fool." Glen crossed his arms. "You sure would get drunk in front of your Lord Stuveton." Annabelle tapped her finger to her chin. "Hmm, would I?" Annabelle made a mocking thoughtful look. "Though I can see why Lizzy chose to disgrace herself with him." "Sure, if it meant he would spare a few guineas and take you to the theater. You would let him have any privilege." "You fiendish dog. I'm not some cheap hussy. But I will forgive you because you are only a poor jealous servant and it can't be helped." "And what are you exactly? The best you could aspire is to be just another mistress birthing a brood of bastards." "Sure, think what you want. Do you not wonder it is not just his position, but that he might be my type of man, a servant to no man...except to his manservant. Alas, such is the weakness of men. "I can show you how well I can tame mine." Playing the part, Glen started to unbutton his trousers. "Stop, you drunk fool!" Annabelle giggled and pushed him away. Glen laughed. It was Annabelle that found Stuveton alone on the couch the next day with a handkerchief over his eyes. When she lifted the cloth to gaze at him and saw his momentary scowl, she apologized profusely. But Stuveton would not let her go so easily. He held her wrist with a demanding grip but his words were soft. "I have a raging headache, surely an angel like you could find a way to relieve me of it." Annabelle lifted the cloth again to see his expression and this time he managed to smile and his eyes stared back at her unflinchingly through his flushed face. Annabelle turned pink and looked away. "Seems like you have an idea." He added. "Yes, I will fetch a cold basin." Annabelle tried her best to entertain him while she sopped up the cold water and patted his head. Occasionally he would try to wind his arm around his waist...saying how lucky she would make man one day. But she would unceremoniously throw aside his arm. "You judge me wrongly sir. I am not the girl you think I am." "No, I judge rightly. I know who are you." He said smiling at her. But when she moved away and said she would return to the kitchen, he was cordial and apologetic and let her nurse his headache and chatter on again. After her nursing with cool towels and the occasional seltzer water and broth. Stuveton seemed to relax and his headache began to abate. "Surely you are better now. I should take my leave as Master Darcy or any other person may enter at any minute." "You didn't seem so worried before. Besides, they would not wake the sleeping beast if they can avoid it." "Well, in any case, I can see you are better and you should get ready for the party tonight anyway." "I shall see you there." "Surely, I will be serving some refreshments and drink." She was getting up from the couch when he pulled her down towards him. "Won't you just give a kiss before you leave." "No. I did my good deed today." She said laughingly as she shrugged him off. "Then maybe you can do another tonight," he whispered in her ear. Pretending not to hear she got up, gathered up the basin and towels and turned to leave through the door. Once out of the room, she leaned her back agains the wall and closed her eyes. She felt flush and tried to steady her quickened pulse before Glen or Jos would find her and make joking insinuations. "Why Annabelle, you look unwell?" Mary Lou had spotted her while she was coming down the stairs. Annabelle turned around and started towards the kitchen. "I'm fine... it's just hot in here is all and needed a breather." "Is that why you are holding that basin? Is someone sick?" "Oh mind your own business." She snapped at Mary and hurried away before she could guess anymore.
Chapter 8-A Beastly encounter The guests were seated and playing cards. Stuveton, Bingley, and Darcy were joined by the Baron and his wife tonight. The Baron was faring well on his luck and he grew boisterous from his exhilaration plus an excess of whiskey at hand. The Baroness was annoyed and embarrassed by him and seemed to wear a rigid scowl the whole time. Bingley was tired from the exhausting run of evenings past and kept yawning and trying to prop up his drooping head. Darcy, however, was distracted from the card play as he kept looking over his shoulder at his little sister Georgiana at the piano. Stuveton had seemed to take a keen interest in watching the little blonde darling tickle the ivory and kept making joking asides. Georgiana, however, seemed confused and bashful at his overt advances. "Gin!" The red-faced Baron was chuckling as he set his cards down and then pounded the table. "I win again, this calls for another drink!" "Another scotch sir?" Asked Grieg "Yes, another!" "I'm growing weary of my husband getting drunk on victory. I think I will sit out this round if you please." The baroness held her head and threw herself back on the couch. "I think I rather...," Bingley let out a loud yawn. "Sit this one out too." Bingley joined the Baroness who decided to ply her complaints to Bingley about the troubles of being an aging mistress. Something Bingley was quite out of his depths in understanding. The Baron fell back in his hair and blew up a large, fallen wisp of gray hair. "Hey, c'mon the party can't break up already. It's early yet! C'mon Darcy, you and me, let the milksops and ladies sit out and let us double the stakes!" "I rather not and seems you've already fattened your purse plenty tonight," Darcy said grimly as he walked toward the piano and saw Georgiana's relieved face as he came forth. "Oh, brother you are here," Georgiana said simply. Stuveton looked at Darcy. "Where have you hidden your dear little sister all this time? Look here she's almost a full-grown woman and she won't even flirt with me even a little. She won't do at all in society." "If she hasn't I'm glad of that. Her innocence needs protection from scoundrels." "Scoundrels?, I know nothing of the kind that keeps in company with the Darcies" With that he lifted Georgiana's hand and kissed it. "Ahem" Mary Lou curtseyed nearby "Your drinks, sir" Darcy took a tumbler as did Stuveton. Lizzy shortly followed with the additional drinks and was handing out the glasses. When she neared the piano she shuddered visibly when she saw Stuveton's eyes on her. "Steady now." Stuveton tried to grab the tray Lizzy's wobbling tray as she approached him but it was too late and the glasses came crashing down at his feet. His shoes and clothes got a smattering of the liquor as well. "I'm so sorry." She mumbled, trembling for a few moments as she stared at Stuveton's shoes and ran out of the room. Darcy simply shook his head at Stuveton. "I'm sorry this maid is new and is going through an "adjustment" period." Grieg handed Stuveton a cold cloth which Stuveton used to wipe some of the liquid from his shirt. "I can help you to a new set of evening clothes sir if you follow me." "It's perfectly alright. I will go myself." Stuveton walked out of the room whistling. Lizzy was in the cellar getting a replacement bottle when she heard approaching footsteps and a smiling presence near her. "Well now Lizzy, I had no idea you were under Darcy's keep now." Lizzy froze and with some effort looked up to Stuveton. "Why you look pale with fright. I don't recall you disliking me before so." Stuveton laughed boisterously." "Come now let's give us a kiss for old times sake!" Stuveton grabbed Lizzy by the waist and began devouring her with his mouth and yanking her lips with his teeth which made her bleed a little." Lizzy could only muffle her protests and she pounded her arms against him. "Ahem, Can I help you with a vintage, sir?" When Stuveton turned he could see Barlow eyeing him hard. Stuveton fixed his shirt and smoothed his tousled hair. "Yes, why don't you bring out several bottles. Never mind which. You seem like a man of sense, there's no need to make a big fuss about this." Barlow just lowered his head as if in agreement. "Good chap." Stuveton put his hand over his shoulder but gripped in a vice as if to display how with a crushing blow he would exert it if it ever came to fists between them. Then he was gone from the room. Glen gave Lizzy a handkerchief. "You are bleeding on your lip." Lizzy bowed her head, red from shame. "Thank you," she muttered. "Think nothing of it. I'll be damned if that man isn't a regular beast." "That he is," Lizzy said simply. "You are okay then." "Yes, I'm ok. It was just...a shock only." "Here...I got just what the doctor ordered." Glen took a vintage and poured a glass for Lizzy and himself. "Bottom's up!" He winked at Lizzy before they took a swig.
Chapter 9-A Talk with Georgiana Annabelle and Rose were cleaning while gazing at Elizabeth. Lizzy who was in the fireplace again cleaning the soot. She was thorough and careful not to blacken her apron and dress. When Lizzy left the room, Rose came bounding towards Annabelle, "So finish the story, what happened!" Well Barlow didn't say much to me per se but I did overhear him tell Jos that Stuveton seemed to try Lizzy on last night in the kitchen but that hadn't he come sooner, he expected he would have seen much flesh and crying. "So Stuveton attacked Elizabeth?" That's according to Glen but I think he soft on Lizzy and doesn't realize she is a trollop." "I bet...it was Lizzy that came onto Stuveton. And who could blame a man when he has a female in his snares, despite there being nothing much special about her except she is available and interested." "Wow...this is too much. And she plays such an innocent." Rose said wide-eyed. "I don't believe we need her hanging here much more. Her corrupting influence over the servants and her being a bad housekeeper?" "Well, I feel she does fairly with keeping things tidy." "I disagree. She has made a mess with this fireplace." And with that Annabelle poured the wastebin full of soot all over the fireplace again. Lizzy was helping Georgiana with her hair. Georgiana had warmed up to Elizabeth almost immediately and had requested that she help her with her dress this afternoon. She was brushing Georgiana's hair and telling her how lucky she was to have such full cascade of golden hair. "You know with a pretty dress and your hair pinned up, you would easily be the belle of the ball." "You think so?" Georgiana smiled at Lizzy eagerly. "Well, of course, you can't be unaware that you are a natural beauty and that it is only your natural modesty that prevents you from saying so." Georgiana blushed. "I hope very much you will help me pick out the dress for the ball. I love how you explain things so neatly to me. That daytime should be sober attire though, with my frame, I should make sure to keep dresses at the same time light and delicate as I am thin-boned. "Certainly." Lizzy was putting the pins in her Georgiana's hair. "Can I ask you a personal question?" Georgiana ventured. "Well, certainly you can ask, though I can't say whether I will answer," Lizzy said matter of factly. "I hope you will forgive me if it is a blunder to speak of things openly but I wonder what you would do if I were with a dance partner and he wanted to spend time alone with me. I've heard of girls that sometimes do that and it often it ends up badly for them. I wonder am I to turn him down?" "You would do well too. You have to understand men are...very different from women. They can take advantage of a woman's innocence but they are often spared the contempt by others judgments whereas a woman has only to ineffectually defend herself from the man that she can be cast aside from society as unfit." "It does seem so unfair." Georgiana shook her head. "Do you know anyone like that personally." "Well, I have heard stories." Lizzy blushed with her eyes cast down. "I tell you I am nervous, especially with some men as I know I would not be able to defend myself if I were alone and he was to...overpower me physically." Lizzy looked at Georgiana's pinched expression. "Are you thinking of anyone in particular?" "Yes, just now I thought of Lord Stuveton. He seems a dangerous sort of fellow. Everyone says so." "Yes." Lizzy swallowed her lump in her throat. "I wonder too. If a girl were to be outcast. Where would she go what would she do? What a terribly small life I fear she would have." "I hardly know dear," Elizabeth said almost breathlessly. She was growing discomfited by the topic and hurriedly finished Georgiana's hair.
Chapter 10-The Trouble with Lizzy Mrs. Gardiner was speaking with Jos about the trouble getting both the baker's and butcher's accounts on budget. Jos scratched his head. The figures were higher than they agreed. Once Mrs. Gardiner was called away by the cook about approving the menu for Georgiana's coming-out ball, Jos sidled up to Frederick who was unloading some of the new china. "Psst" Jos slanted his head for Frederick to come nearer. "Ahh, Jos" I got a bunch of heavy crates in my hands, you come here." Jos ambled over toward Frederick and heaved up a large box from the cart with a groan. He then walked alongside Frederick into the kitchen, huffing, "Mrs. Gardiner is making a big fuss over a few guineas when everyone knows the boss is loaded" "Well, you know what they say. The rich are stingiest of them and that's how they keep all their wealth to themselves." "I suppose but this whole fuss about the coming-out ball that is not until weeks away you would think it was tonight. Meanwhile the servants' ball next Saturday has hardly been mentioned by anybody." Jos wiped the sweat from his forehead. "Oh believe me when we are talking about Georgiana's coming-out ball, it is really the servants' ball that we are thinking about," said Frederick. "Yes, you know we are only here to amuse the grand folks." Barlow came over and threw a scrap of paper towards Jos. You dumb ox you made the figures wrong and I looked it over and now the accounts are set as they should. "Ah Glen you are a friend in need!" gushed Jos. "Why anybody entrusts you with accounting is beyond me!" snickered Barlow. "Well, they trust me the most besides possibly Grieg in this household." "Yeah well, I wouldn't trust you to shine my boots!" Jos scowled at Glen. "Hey help me unload these will you?" Frederick wiped sweat from his blond brow as he unloaded another box into the kitchen and came back out. Glen and Jos helped Freddy finish with the boxes. Jos's good humor today had just about vanished with Mrs. Gardiner's scolding and Glen's fun making. "Ahh, Jos don't look so glum. Think of all those pretty girls we have our pick of next Saturday." Frederick said. "Ahh yes, and I have mine eye on one particular. Although she don't knows it yet." He winked. "Mrs. Gardiner?" Rose came padding down the hall. Mrs. Gardiner was busy deciding between duck or lamb for the main course. "Yes, what is it, Rose?" Mrs. Gardiner turned her head briefly towards her. "Annabelle wants you to take a look at the fireplace." "One moment," Mrs. Gardiner said to a sighing Ms. Dodgeson. And off she went with Rose to the study. Annabelle pointed to all the sitting soot on the ground. "What in tarnation!" Mrs. Gardiner puffed. "I told Lizzy this morning to clean..." "I'm sorry to be the one to tell you this Mrs. Gardiner but Lizzy has been neglecting all her duties today. We know how much you care for your niece but it just seems like...she's not suited and we all feel that way right, Rose?" Rose nodded. "Well, there have been a lot of problems since she...well, nevermind I will take care of it. I need an efficient household don't I and I will do my best to keep it running tip-top." Mrs. Gardiner said bravely but her expression was careworn with worry. Annabelle smiled at Rose. "Georgiana?" Mrs. Gardiner went to Georgiana who was speaking with one of the younger maids in the downstairs hall about a new ribbon she misplaced. "Yes, Mrs. Gardiner?" Georgiana peered at Mrs. Gardiner's rushing form. "Excuse us Sally" Said Mrs. Gardiner as she came up to Georgiana. The maid bowed out and left the two ladies alone. "I wanted to ask you" Mrs. Gardiner nearly whispered. "I know that Lizzy was filling in for Charlotte today. Her saying she had terrible stomach pain and all. How did she do?" "Oh, she was wonderful. I felt so at ease with her." "So you found her quite competent? She followed the protocols and formalities due to her role?" "Yes for the most part. I did have to teach her a few things here and there but she made a quick study." "Thank you Georgiana" Mrs. Gardiner sighed in relief. "So then...there is one thing she can manage to do." Mrs. Gardiner thought to herself. "There is something I need to inform you of sir." Fitzwilliam was flipping through, "Prim's guide to servant management" in the library and didn't seem much too pleased. There were traces of spilled scotch on the pages. Darcy suspected it was Barlow but didn't want to accuse him without proof. "That damned Barlow." He said through gritted teeth. He snapped the book shut and pushed it under his newspaper when he heard the knock and Mrs. Gardiner's voice. Mrs. Gardiner eyed that maneuver and raised her eyebrows at him. Fitz's cheeks colored for it appeared he was hiding a vastly inappropriate reading material. He pulled it out from under the newspapers and clapped it on the table in front of her. "It's a servant management book that's all." "Mr. Darcy" she continued after glancing down at the book. "I think you are probably aware my dear niece is having some issues adjusting to her work as a maid." "Yes, I am very aware of that." "Well..." Mrs. Gardiner tapped her teeth. "I think perhaps she would be better placed as a lady's maid." "Her helping with kitchen and general household duties was your idea." "Yes, but she filled in for Charlotte and Georgiana was positively beaming on how well she got on with Elizabeth." Darcy sighed. "Georgiana is sweet on anyone and everybody. She will soon sing Charlotte's praises again once she resumes her duties." "There have been additional problems with Lizzy and I really want to find a more appropriate role for her in this..." "Perhaps what you should find for her is a good husband." "Why, you don't mean to let her go?" "I think that would be for the best." Mrs. Gardiner turned beet red. "Fitzwilliam!" She suddenly yelled at him. "I watched you grow from infant to man and I had given you a good wallop when you misbehaved and don't think I would hold back now!" Mrs. Gardiner threw up her arms ready to pounce on him. Mr. Darcy held her back however and while chuckling at her display. "Come on let's be sensible about this. If I can find a better post for her I will." Mrs. Gardiner's color started returning back to her. "But I would like her to stay on here. Surely you can find something for an educated, bright, loyal girl with gristle and wit in spades? Fitzwilliam looked pensive for some moments. "I will think about it."
Chapter 11-A New Opportunity Elizabeth was pulling out bread from the oven amidst Ms. Dodgeson's peering eagle eyes and shaking finger. "This is nearly burnt" Mary Lou peered over. "Looks golden brown to me." "It's black-brown" Sneered Ms. Dodgeson and mind your own business. Then Mr. Darcy entered the room and the ladies curtseyed. "Can I do anything for you sir?" asked Ms. Dodgeson. "I would like to speak to Miss Bennet." Annabelle eyed Ms. Dodgeson with a knowing look. Elizabeth took off her apron and smoothed out her hair and then followed Darcy to his study. She couldn't help but notice his fine tall figure as he walked ahead of her. His wavy brown hair was carefully groomed about the ears and she could see his well-tailored suit set nicely his formed shoulders and back. His confident strides suggested he was indeed master of the household and a man about his castle. When they reached his study he turned on his heel and motioned her to follow him. "Please sit," He said to Elizabeth as he sat at his desk. Elizabeth sat on a chair across from him. His handsome face seemed almost unsettling when so near. His brown eyes seemed always seemed busy scanning and looking about him but when she sat down by leveled their gaze on Lizzy's own eyes which were somewhat widened by the surprise of his request to see her. "Have you any experience taking dictation?" "I haven't, sir" "Well, would you mind trying now?" Elizabeth was momentarily perplexed but agreed. He handed her a pen and paper and she momentarily fluttered at his brushing fingertips. Darcy looked down momentarily to gather his thoughts. "Dear Mr. Sumnter...the spelling is S-u-m-n-t-e-r..." he said as an aside, "I would be cordially like to invite you to my hunting party on the 3rd of June..." Mr. Darcy wrote out the details of the event and how there was plenty of pigeon and grouse hunting to be had. He said that Sumnter should feel free to invite his wife and his son's and nephews if he wished. "Yours faithfully, Fitzwilliam Darcy, Esq. When he was finished he looked down at Elizabeth who was finishing up the last few words. She then handed him the letter. "Forgive the sloppy hand, I wanted to make sure to get down everything verbatim." "It's legible." He said simply and when he finished reading he said "Good." Darcy turned and paced a few steps. "Now it seems you've had some trouble as a kitchen maid and helping about the house." Elizabeth was about to speak but Mr. Darcy held up a hand as to stop her. "Normally I would have let you go since our trial period has expired. However, your Aunt has endeavored to convince me that you have many varied qualifications, notably education and firm standing principles. Besides Georgiana has put in a few good words for you as well. I figured you could work as my secretary." "Thank you, sir" Elizabeth bowed her head. "You will get an allowance of 15 pounds per annum. Grieg will inform you when you are needed probably at odd hours when I am at leisure to write and receive correspondence. You will also help organize my letters. I hope you can be trusted with personal matters." He leveled his gaze at her and then continued. "If you fail in this position, I will be forced to turn you out, you understand?" "Yes sir," Elizabeth said curtseying. "Any questions?" "I was wondering. It does seem a bit impersonal to have your secretary's handwriting for your personal correspondence. Have you considered one of those typing machines? Letters can be all typed except where your signature is required. " "Can you type?" "Well, I can hunt and peck" Lizzy began to chuckle but checked herself. Mr. Darcy looked confused for a moment. Lizzy demonstrated with poking her index finger slowly at each imaginary key. "Then you must learn. I will give you a week to be able to catch up to my dictation." "Do you have a teacher in mind?" "You are a smart girl, you can figure that out. Now I have an appointment I need to get to. By and by, you need to keep track of my appointments as well." "So I will see you in a week to test your typing. In the meantime, you can stay on as a guest while you study." "Thank you, sir" Lizzy curtseyed and left the room. Elizabeth was sitting beforehand a large typing machine that she set on the kitchen table and leaning over a typing instruction manual. She slowly poked at a few keys. "Hi there Lizzy" Jos entered the room. "Whatcha got there?" "It's a typewriter," Lizzy didn't look up and concentrated her efforts on the keys she was pecking at slowly. "It's got a little rhythm there...click, click. And isn't that neat a little stamp impression of a letter. A...S...D...F..." smiled Jos at Lizzy. Barlow then came in with Frederick and Mary Lou. "Hope there's something good today," said Frederick "I'm roaring mad starved," said Mary Lou holding her belly. Suddenly the party seeing the typewriter stopped in their tracks. "What's that contraption?" asked Frederick "It's a typewriter," Jos said slowly enunciating each vowel. "Ah neat" Lizzy was blushing at the small crowd gathering around her. "It's not so easy to learn though." "Try writing a sentence," said Mary Lou "I'm not up to that yet. Anybody care to try?" Elizabeth said a little embarrassed. They all stood looking at each other until Barlow helped himself to the seat. "You can type Barlow?" asked Jos "Like the wind," Barlow responded "Oh yeah let's see then" challenged Jos. Barlow puffing on a cigarette unwound the used scroll of paper and quickly wound in a fresh sheet. The faces at his quick understanding of the machine led to some open mouths. Suddenly, there was a rhythmic quick tap tap tap of the keys and gaining speed. Till his fingers looked like a blur of movement to the shocked onlookers. Then he took out the paper and handed it to Jos. "I've done a little better than a sentence no?" Jos was reading what it said when he turned red. "What's it say Jos?" Frederick asked smiling. Jos just flung the paper at him. "What's it say," asked Mary Lou. Frederick began reading aloud: Jos ain't nimble Jos be thick Jos ain't no more than a thick-headed brick "Ha Ha Ha" Laughed Frederick. Meanwhile, Elizabeth and Mary Lou blushed in embarrassment for Jos. While they were putting away the machine, Elizabeth cornered Barlow. Barlow looked surprised as he saw her hovering by him. "You are smug Barlow. You know that was unnecessary." chided Elizabeth. "Oh was I? My apologies dear lady, but you have to allow some conceit as it naturally follows from quick proficiency." Barlow bowed at her. "Well, perhaps you can amend your ways. And you can start by helping me learn?" She asked. "What to throw bricks at the brick head Jos?" "To type." "Sure can... should we get started in your room?" Barlow smiled at Elizabeth.
Chapter 12-Instructions Rose was upstairs in her room tucking in for the night when Annabelle sauntered in with a smug smile. "What's that smile for?" "Oh?" Annabelle moved around tossing her hips dramatically. "Nothing except that I got Jimmy wrapped around my little finger." "Who's Jimmy? Some stable boy?" "Ha ha ha" Annabelle threw her head laughing. "Your taste in men runs cheap." "Oh yeah then who is mighty Jimmy then?" Annabelle playfully bat her lashes and smiled again. "Oh Jimmy is one hunk of a man and he knows his way around. He must have had ladies of all sorts countesses, dutchesses, mistresses in Italy and France, etc. "Countesses, Duchesses? Who is he a lord? Bah!" "I think you recall a certain Lord Stuveton?" Rose gaped at her for a few minutes. "He is Jimmy?" "Yes, he said to call him that. And you see he's not really all that pretentious with false airs like the rest of them." "So you only talked to him" "Of course I don't need to put out to get a man's attention. He is sending me little gifts already and begging for me but I won't give in that's the laughable part. Imagine me turning down a Lord!" She showed rose a box of chocolates with the note. "They taste of velvet like your lips, Ever yours Jim" "But how he knows your lips are velvet?" "Oh well I mean I had to give him at least a little something. But only kisses, I won't let him do anymore. I've had to slap away those restless hands more than once let me tell you! I'm not going to end up carrying a bastard." Rose dropped her head and looked down as she was thinking of the baby she gave away. Annabelle feeling conscious of offending quickly changed the topic. "So are you excited about the servant's ball?" "Yeah sure I am but I don't have a partner," Rose said peevishly. "Well, I sure do. Jimmy said he would take me!" Glen suggested they use her room for undisturbed instruction. However, the insinuation seemed too dark for her and she decided to muster the courage to ask Mr. Darcy if she would be able to receive instruction for an hour each day at the library. Mr. Darcy was surprised at the request but readily granted it. He did ask, however, "Why Barlow as an instructor may I ask?" "He is an excellent typist and I verily believe even he could assist with correspondence himself." "No, I need my valet and besides, I have reasons to think you would suit me better as a secretary." Elizabeth arched an eyebrow but didn't say anything. Darcy was momentarily flustered by her knowing gaze and abruptly turned. "Well, if that is all you need to speak to me about I will be getting onto my business." With that, he sat on his chair and picked up his pen to write. Elizabeth then curtseyed and took her leave. Darcy's haughtiness was something she found very distasteful at first but she was growing accustomed to it. If he wasn't being brusque however she could sense his eyes sometimes flitting to gaze at her. "What is he thinking? Probably eyeing me to criticize me in his head." She assumed. But whether it was her fancy, she couldn't help but wonder if he actually liked seeing the cast of her face. Most found her charming and pleasant company so why shouldn't he find her more than just tolerable. Glen was in the library demonstrating to Elizabeth how to rest the hands over the middle keys and to stretch a finger to reach the farther keys. Elizabeth thought him a strange fellow. The other servants called him a cad or 'crooked to the bone' was what Ms. Dodgeson called him. Though she found him rather congenial and pleasant to her and she was grateful for his rescue not so many nights ago. She also admitted she admired him in that he seemed non-plussed over what others thought of him. And she admitted to herself she rather liked being around him. "Now you try it." Glen moved off from the chair and Lizzy adjusted herself to the typewriter and she placed her hands as he did and followed the motions he did. There were a few times he had placed his hands over her's to correct her movements and his hovering form and warm touch made Lizzy flush. Still, it wasn't long before she was typing sentences at a slow clip clip. "Why you are a marvel!" exclaimed Lizzy when she began to really type. "I think so" Glen grinned. "Though not modest." Elizabeth grinned. "Modesty will get you nowhere but a boot in the face. Look at Jos!" "Speaking of which. Why do you get on his case?" "Because everyone else panders to him. He needs to realize when he louses things up and own it." "As you would I'm sure." Elizabeth arched an eyebrow. Glen just grinned. "I don't louse up though." Glen pulled out a cigarette and was lighting it. "What is your deal then? You don't seem content to be a valet are you?" Glen took a drag. "I'm biding my time is all." "Until?" "Till I can be a self-made millionaire" "How do you suppose to do that?" Elizabeth chided "There's the rub. Trade secrets. Must not reveal" He pointed to his nose. "I would ask you the same but seems you are moving up the ranks already. I think it must be because you spilled service on Stuveton that got you the promotion." Lizzy laughed. "Ahh, I love that laugh," Glen said looking at her. Lizzy looked away. "Say, Liz, you don't have a chap do you?" "No I...no" "Want to go to the theater with me?" "I'm not so sure that's a good idea." "Why?" She looked at him. "Well, I don't think I should get involved with anyone at work." "But The Other Guy's Best is playing and we'll just go as friends, promise."
Chapter 13-Jos to the Rescue Jos was coming down with Darcy's shoes to polish when he saw Glen and Lizzy go into the library and shut the door behind them. He pressed his ear to the door and listened for several minutes until he felt a hard poke on his shoulder. "Ow" Jos squirmed. "And what do you think you are doing?" Rose poked him in the shoulder. "They been there a while now." "Who?" "Glen and Lizzy" "Oh you mean enough time to undress and redress again, I suppose?" Rose snickered. "C'mon you need to help Frederick with bringing in more boxes for Georgiana." "More boxes?" Jos grumbles. Jos met Frederick in the hall who was already complaining as he was carrying up the boxes. "How many dresses can a woman wear to a ball? I tell you... its one! But how many did she order at least 12?" Frederick said shaking his head. "Hey Freddy, let me tell you that Glen Barlow is bad news all around. You know what he's doing in library with Lizzy right now" "I don't know reading perhaps?" "Don't be smart" Jos scowled. "He's giving her private instruction on how to type." "So?" "So...you think that's all he will be instructing her on? Before any keys start clipping along I could hear him schmoozing to her and laying it on pretty thick." "Well I'm sure he would like to "lay it on thick" "Precisely, I don't trust it. I think I should barge in the door right now." "Go ahead." "Yeah? I will" Jos said again though he didn't move a muscle. Then finally puffing up his courage he opened the door. "Ahem excuse me?" Glen and Elizabeth were standing across from each other tete-a-tete. Glen leaning the back of his arms against the table and Elizabeth standing before him. They turned to look at Jos who just stumbled in. "I uhh...I forgot something" "And what's that?" Glen said glancing over and feeling cross. "Umm...I forgot this err...thing-a-ma-jiggy behind the typewriter." "A pen?" Elizabeth asked as he leaned over to pick it up and but then stumbled on the chair before him and knocking over the chair and falling to the floor. Lizzy with a great leap and hardly escaped injury from the falling Jos. "You're brickhead Jos...you even fall like one." Glen said bitterly. Jos's thick legs were scissored awkwardly and he was trying to roll himself up from the floor but he winced when he felt a knot in his back. "Are you ok?" Elizabeth threw out her hands to help him up. Jos gratefully accepted them and finally eased himself up off the floor. "I'm fine...just fine. Now that I've had my exercise for the day..." Jos chuckled nervously. He picked up the pen and waved it at them. "Now, be good you two. Don't do anything I wouldn't do...heh heh heh." And with that, he sulked away backwards knocking over a small vase on a stand which came crashing to the floor. "Huh?" Jos turned to look and winced. "I'll get someone to clean that!" Jos said in a panic and bolted out of the room. "Well that was a charming display" Glen responded.
Chapter 14-To the Theater It was finally Sunday and the servants could go out of the day. Lizzy was busy before the mirror combing her hair. She then held her hair up looking side to side regarding her features. "Should she pull it back in a bun, is it too austere? Or should she pin her hair loosely? 'This is nothing to make a big fuss over. Just going to the theater with a friend.' She told herself. But she was excited in anticipation. She was much more fond of Barlow then she liked to admit and wondered if she would even let him kiss her if he tried. 'No I mustn't think like that.' She applied cream to her face...that imperfect asymmetry to offset her lovely eyes. She thought how Barlow had an asymmetry of features too and it was almost like an imperfect map to two imperfect lives. Though at least her nose was intact unlike Glen's whose looked broken in two places. "Ooh, you dolling yourself up today are you?" Mary Lou finally fidgeted out of bed and let out a yawn. "Not so much." "Where are you going?" "To the theater." "With whom?" Elizabeth turned to look at Mary. "You ask too many questions." She then turned to dab more cream and said, "If you must know its with Glen." Mary winced and scowled. "What's with the face. You don't like him do you?" Elizabeth smiled and winked at Mary. "No nothing like that!" Mary said defensively. "I'm just worried about you that's all. Cause of his reputation." "I'll be fine." "Will I though?" Elizabeth wondered. Barlow was waiting outside of the servants' hall. He had on a cap and coat and was tossing up a farthing with a flick of his thumb and catching it when Elizabeth stepped out. "Hi there, you look very fine." He eyed Elizabeth who was wearing an embroidered green evening dress and her hair tied loosely about her. "And so do you?" She said looking at his green eyes that pierced beneath his cap. He then took her arm and they walked a few blocks to the Bellvin Theater that was on Sutton Place. There was a throng of bystanders mostly of the working class dressing in their Sunday finest. The play called "The other guy's best" was about a poor farmer that dressed as if he had come from wealth and played the part but was found out as a fraud and all his wealthy acquaintances had vanished overnight. However, after being contrite and penniless on the streets, he finds out that the poor girl he falls for is actually a wealthy heiress who had secretly heard of him and because she had realized his true good nature decides to marry him. Before the play, Barlow was busy making wisecracks but he was all earnestness while the play was on. She even noticed his eyes watered when the parts of being bullied on the streets played out. When the play was over Elizabeth turned to Barlow. "Shall we head back?" Barlow sat still in his seat momentarily and then smiled thinly at her. "Yeah sure." When they walked out. The air was crisp and Lizzy was chattering about how obnoxious the play was and that the moral seems too simplistic to be believable. "How is it that a guy that up to mischief is rewarded in the end for it? It was a silly play I find. And as if virtue could be conjured up simply by being contrite at the end." "I liked it" Barlow said quietly. "Yes, I can tell. But why?" Barlow turned to Elizabeth, "You are missing the whole point. The story is about redemption for previous wrongs. He had to suffer to be cleansed of his past wrongdoings and that's how he pays the price of redemption. Once he comes clean he is rewarded." Barlow was suddenly full of emotion, his voice almost cracking from his keen feelings. For some moments, they walked on quietly. "But I do see where you are coming from Elizabeth. Virtue is not easy is never is for people of our station." "Oh I didn't mean that," said Lizzy. "I mean that virtue can't just be bought wholesale that way. And even if one strived toward virtue all their life, it does not necessarily mean they will be rewarded in this life. "And..." Elizabeth started choking up when she continued, "One can be slandered against even if she never really did anything as loathsome as what she was accused of." Barlow looked at Lizzy whose face had dropped down and tears were falling from closed eyes. He wiped the tears with his hands. "Dear Lizzy I never believed any of the rumors." "Really?" She looked at him hopefully. "No, and I want to kiss you right now." "One kiss would be okay I think" Elizabeth sniffled. And Barlow took her chin and kissed her wet cheek and then her lips gently.
Chapter 15-Partners The Servants were downstairs practicing their dancing for the Servants ball tonight. Glen was on playing the piano while the rest of the crew were singing, "Oh Mary with Flowers in her Hair" To which Mary Lou skipped out onto the dance floor and sashayed across it holding up her dress so her feet could move about freely. "Hey there, Mary, you can't dance with no partner" Jos said while he stepped in to dance with her. Jos stepped in to dance with her but his rhythm was off and when he needed in step out he stepped in and smothered her toes a few times with his heavy shoe. "Oww Jos" Mary would squeal. "Sorry Mary...I'm quite contrary" he laughed at himself. Barlow while turning his head to the commotion, helped himself off from the piano stool and cut in to take Mary in his arms and dance with her. Mary was giddy from Glen sweeping her off her feet as he seemed to just carry the steps for her. She smiled widely at him. "My you are a fine dancer Mr. Barlow." "Is there anything you don't know how to do?" Rose asks him "Yes, he doesn't know how to pay on time. You still owe me 5 shillings from your losing hand you wretch!" shouted Frederick. The talk of debt caught Glen's interest and he released Mary Lou from his grasp and flopped down next to Frederick. "Don't get too smug on your beginner's luck...I will pay you double if you fetch me a drink." "A silver tongue only works with the ladies. I know your honeyed words ain't worth spit." But he fetched him a glass of beer anyway. "C'mon," Rose gets up, "Glen more music!" Freddy, it's your lucky day, you get to dance a reel with me." "What if I don't wanna." Frederick muttered into his glass. She smacked him on the back of the head. "Oww, alright." Jos looked towards Lizzy. "Would you care to dance?" Lizzy hesitated but decides to dance with him. She realizes she needs to accommodate for his lumbering feet and does her best. Mrs. Gardiner pokes Butler Grieg and up they went dancing. "Barlow we need music," Mrs. Gardiner said cheerily. Barlow took a gulp of beer and sat back down at the piano and started up the popular tune, "Oh she oh my tickles my fancy" Annabelle had her arms crossed drinking her beer. Her feelings soured thinking everyone else enjoying themselves. She had been asked several times by Jos and Freddy but she turned them both down. The rest of the servants were too feeble for her she thought to herself. She was saving herself later for her Jimmy. Mary now partnerless went over to Barlow, "Dance with me!" She insisted. "Can't, I'm the music man!" He shouted after. She then plopped herself next to Freddy. "Do you want to..." Freddy looks over to Mary Lou. "I think I lost my dancing bug Freddy but thanks," Mary said sadly looking at Glen at the piano. When the dancing was over, Mary Lou sidled up to Glen. "Will you dance with me tonight at the servant's ball?" "Sure thing Mary Lou," he said pinching her cheek. Mary Lou flushed and smiled sheepishly. And from the other corner, Elizabeth was leaving when Jos sidled up to her. "Would you dance with me again tonight Lizzy? I know I have two left feet but I'll get better with a great partner like you." "Sure Jos" said Lizzy. Jos grinned widely. "Hey Lizzy, I wanted to talk to you about something" Glen shouted over to her. "I'll catch you later Jos." Lizzy then skipped out with Glen. "Now what you suppose they talking about?" Jos asked Mary Lou. Glen was kissing Lizzy outside with his overcoat covering them both. When he hands inched towards her bosom or down her hip she moved them away. "Oh come now Lizzy, It's almost been a week now." "A week isn't very long Glen Barlow." "It feels that way here." Glen patted his heart. And they both chuckled at his corniness of the joke. "Glen, I think I need to tell my Aunt that we are seeing each other. It's only proper that a family member knows." "You know that won't do your Aunt loathes me." "She does not." Barlow looked at Lizzy with a quizzical expression. "Ok maybe she does but she doesn't know you the same way. I will convince her." "I hope so" He caressed her head which she leaned on his shoulder. Elizabeth asked her Aunt to speak to her a few moments before the ball was to begin. Mrs. Gardiner was listing off the menu and making sure all the service was in order. "Yes dear, but can it be tomorrow. It's a rather busy time at the moment." "Perhaps but I might lose my resolve by tomorrow." "Give me a few minutes she was talking to one of the footmen." She took Lizzy to the side. "What is it Lizzy dear? Is it your new secretarial position with Mr. Darcy." "Oh no, I am grateful for it. It's just that...Glen Barlow" "What has that wretch done this time..." Mrs. Gardiner had his hands on her wide hips. "Well, he has taken me by surprise. I like him, Aunt." "That's all very well as long as you are not seeing him." "I am seeing him." Mrs. Gardiner's eyes glazed over for a moment her mouth open. "I'm not sure if I heard you correctly." "Yes, I'm seeing him." "Has he, have you? Oh no no no!" Mrs. Gardiner was flushing red and shaking her head. "No he has not compromised me, Aunt, please you give him too little credit." Mrs. Gardiner's eyes watered. "How could you after the previous scandal get involved again in the workplace!" Lizzy's face pinched and her eyes began to water too. "But I told you I didn't want to...that he forced...am I to sulk away in the darkness and never enjoy myself anymore?" Lizzy left the room crying.
Chapter 16-A Personal Affair Today Darcy would be testing Elizabeth on her typing but she was not of the mind to type today. She was feeling very downcast because of the previous argument with her Aunt and the reminder of how hollow her opportunities seemed. After she typed his correspondence and Darcy mentioned a few errors. She admitted her mind was troubled and could not concentrate well today. "You know Miss Bennet that personal affairs should never meddle with work." He eyed her with some suspicion. "Yes sir, I completely understand." "And if it is any matter that is involved in the household I need to be made aware of it." Lizzy gulped. So then she must come clean has she? "Sir I..." Lizzy looked up to Darcy. "Perhaps it is better I tell you before you decide to hire me because I have become involved with another person in the household." Darcy looked down for some moment his cheek muscles flexing as he was biting his teeth. "Let's sit down on the sofa if you please." He motioned to Lizzy. So they sat across from each other. Darcy was leaning forward towards her his brown eyes boring into her. Lizzy was leaning back. "Come closer and look me in the eye. Tell me who, what, when." "But sir. It's not an 'incident' per say." Elizabeth knitted her brows. "Then what do you call it?" Darcy crossed his arms. "I'm seeing Glen Barlow" Darcy looked toward the window with a sour puckered smile. "Miss Bennet" he turned towards her again. "Have you been intimate?" "Sir!" Miss Bennet was shocked at her rude candor of his remark. "I am sorry if this is uncomfortable but this is something I must know." "No, I just...we just kissed." She blushed. "Well then you can still break it off can't you?" Elizabeth shook her head, "No I can't" "Then you can't work here." "I...I understand." "Elizabeth?" Darcy looked at her. "Yes?" "I would very much like you to work here and your family needs the money you know." 'How does he know?' she thought momentarily but dismissed it. "Is it possible that I can see him on Sundays and only then?" "No, it will still interfere. You must break it." "But sir..." Elizabeth, "I'm not sure I can." "Listen, you are a pretty charming intelligent woman and you could do much better than that wretch Barlow. He will just drag you down in the mud with him. You are much better off believe me." 'The insolence! What did he know of her merits or Glen's?' Elizabeth didn't respond. "I will give you until tonight to think it over." And with some hesitancy seemed to hover over her. "Yes?" Elizabeth asked "Nothing. I think you better take your leave now." She turned to leave and without knowing it she felt Darcy caress her cheek before she rushed off. The servants' ball went on "splendidly" was the catch-all term they used every year unless it was, of course, a disaster and they would not speak of it at all. However, it was a fair success as the majority was always content with the gourmet feast and dancing with the lords and ladies of the household. There was one person greatly disappointed in the whole affair, Annabelle. Lord Stuveton promised to attend and be her partner for the night and she waited all the while for him. But as the minutes drew nearer and he was nowhere to be found she left the ball in a huff. She went outside the grand entryway out onto the front portico when she heard a "psst." It was Lord Stuveton whispering out to her in the darkness. She could see the outline of his form in the dark behind the bushes. "Jimmy, what are you doing here?" She whispered back. He motioned her to come over to him. She then stepped down and into the bushes with him. He walked with her in his arms and she kissed him. "You fiend...I waited for you all night." "But you see I said I would come to the ball and I have so I kept my promise." "Oh ha ha. I am not amused" Though, in truth, Annabelle quickly forgave him for she was flushed with happiness to have him here with her at last. "Where you taking me tonight. Will you take me to your fine estate in Vellecourt?" "Yes but not tonight. You see my carriage there? Let's get out of the cold and warm ourselves in there." He whispered in her ear. She followed him in and he told the driver to drive on. They were kissing in the back of the carriage but this time his kisses were not gentle instead they were persistent and he pushed hard against her. Then he began to hitch up her dress. As on the previous two occasions where she slapped him away, she tried to push him off but he did not let her command her this time. "No Jimmy, stop!" Then he took her arm twisting it hard. "Now you know I could force you to or you can just submit like a good girl and enjoy it. Which one will it be?" Annabelle shed a few tears and a momentary chord a sympathy flitted in her mind towards Elizabeth as she realized he must have forced her as well. "I will be good" Annabelle murmured.
Chapter 17-Commotion There was a great bustle of activity in preparation for Georgiana's ball. Like a busy hive, the staff was crisscrossed and running circles around each other to bring supplies of food, utensils, plates as well as various vases of flowers, blocks of ice, and the suits and gowns that still needed pressing before the ball. During this commotion, Jos was looking for Lizzy. He scoured the rooms looking for Lizzy. At times bumping into elbows, and plates of food that were making its rounds. A few of the plates were knocked over and the meat sauces splattering some of the staff as they made their rounds cussing Jos for in his clumsiness. Finally, he found her sitting on the steps to the servants quarters, her knees pressed against her chest and wearing a sad, almost vacant stare. "Psst...Lizzy, Master Darcy wants to see you." Lizzy slowly turned her head towards Jos nodding as she had been expecting Darcy to call for her. Lizzy pressed her locket in her hand with Glen's photograph inside and with rigid conviction walked firmly towards the study. Lizzy gently knocked on the study door which had been partially ajar. She could see Darcy's chin resting on his palm and he too seemed to be staring off into a kind of reverie. "Elizabeth." He said when he turned up to look at her. She looked almost pale with fright he thought. She was grabbing her locket in a tight fist. "Please sit down." He moved a chair towards her. And she sat down but fidgeted with her necklace, rolling the pendant on its chain, her shoes pattering on the floor while looking over his shoulder to the far corner of the room. "You seem awfully nervous." "I am." She muttered. And stop fidgeting." He took her hand to stop her rolling her pendant back and forth on its chain. She looked up in wide-surprise at this gesture and he could not help but think her vulnerability at the moment a bit tantalizing. Her small hands were almost feverish just now. "Now what have you decided?" Darcy smiled thinking more of her and about her than he cared to admit to himself. "That I will not leave Mr. Barlow" Darcy scowled. "You know what that means." "Yes, that I have to leave your employment." Darcy sighed looking at Elizabeth with a softened expression. He knew her pert attempt to hide her distress lie in her stony rigid exterior. "Not so fast. I've given it some thought over the past few hours and if you decided you wanted to see Barlow, I can't really prevent you. And I do need you... He cleared his throat...that is in my employment." Suddenly like she was waking from unconsciousness she turned to Darcy the color and animation seeped back into her face. "You mean it?" She flushed and felt flustered at her disbelief. "Yes as long as it doesn't interfere with your duties here." "Thank you ever so kindly. You really are kind." Elizabeth smiled at him widely. Darcy was taken aback by her sudden radiance and warm sentiments and he blushed a little. "Look at this. Isn't it exquisite?" Annabelle was showing Rose the necklace Stuveton bought her. It was a chain of small blue sapphires set between diamonds. She opened the box. "Is it real? It's beautiful" "Of course you silly." "Try it on" requested Rose. Annabelle shook her head. "I rather not." "C'mon it will look great. Rose took out the necklace and placed it on Annabelle. "Oh, but you should lower your collar" Rose then opened the first button of Annabelle's dress collar and lowered it so the necklace would show against the skin but was shocked to find black and blue spots. "Oh Annabelle," Rose said sadly. "Oh, he's a little rough sometimes nevermind that." Annabelle smiled dismissively. "Still it was worth the necklace, let me tell you!" However, when Rose wasn't looking Annabelle took her handkerchief to her watering eyes.
Chapter 18-Meeting The Family This Sunday Elizabeth decided to go home after so much time away and take Glen along with her. They were driving along in the carriage. The autumnal air was crisp and the spangled golden and crimson leaves were dropping from the sky. She looked at Barlow whose arm was draped around her shoulders. "Not sure they would approve of me. It seems hit or miss with me with parents." "Well, I'm willing to take that risk with you." Elizabeth kissed him on the nose. "Besides perhaps you wouldn't approve of my family," Elizabeth said chuckling though the truth of the matter was she was worried terribly about their recent bankruptcy. Kitty was outside with Lydia fighting over a new hat. When the carriage approached they waved to Lizzy. "Who's the new beau?" Lydia and Kitty laughed heartily when Glen stepped out of the carriage. "Liddy and Kitty? Am I right?" Lidia laughed raucously. "It's Lidi-a" "Oh pardon me" He bowed. "I'll pardon you if you give me a kiss" "Oh, Lidia!" Kitty eyed her widely. Glen kissed her on the cheek. "And you too" He kissed Kitty on the cheek too and they both blushed, laughing. "The name's Glen by the way" They were sitting at the dinner table at the run-down cottage. The spartan table had a simple fare of oatcakes and jam for the guests plus some goose eggs from their little backyard farm. "So Mr. Barlow what do you do at the house." Mr. Bennet was smothering jam on his oatcake and took a hefty bite that stained his whiskers. "I'm valet sir" "I see. So you fetch his clothes and dress up that Mr. Darcy, do you?" "In a manner of speaking" "Oh I would love to dress up Mr. Darcy" Lydia and Kitty giggled. Mr. Bennet eyeing his naughty children said, "Now you see my girls think your job like a doll's dress up game. Is there much satisfaction in that job sir?" "No, it is paycheck sir. But you see I have bigger ambitions." "Oh yes yes." Mr. Bennet said Then Mrs. Bennet came through from the pantry. "Oh Mr. Barlow we have so many different kinds of jams, all homemade see...apricot, strawberry, peach, blueberries...Have any or all as much as you want! We do live in a rather particularly small abode but because of the Bennet solidarity we have triumphed and we are quite self-sufficient and independent aren't we girls?" Kitty and Lydia groaned. "Now Mr. Barlow we do have another golden-haired daughter. She is quite the little Angel, but she is away in London presently. "Mrs. Bennet, I was just about to inquire about Mr. Barlow's ambitions before I was interrupted by the gracious Mrs. Bennet's who was seeing to Mr. Barlow's comfort." "It's ok...go on" Mrs. Bennet stuffed a cake in her mouth to shut herself up. "Well, you see I figure I could work in my trade business, import-export. I have a friend who sells loads of imported tobacco and with a markup of nearly 60%. He now owns two estates, one of those horseless carriages and all the money he could ever want." "And you plan to go into business with this person?" "He wants to make me his partner. You see I have a good head for figures and I could keep the books for him as well as pitch sales." "Sounds promising if the enterprise is legit." "Sure it is," Barlow said his eyes twinkling. When Glen and Lizzy were ready to leave. The ladies of the household were smiling at Glen and wishing him off while her father while getting Lizzy's coat asked her. "Are you sure about this fellow, Lizzy?" "I am in my heart, why father?" "Are you sure he is on the up and up?" "I don't see why I should have any suspicions about him." "Oh, maybe its nothing. Just trust your head a little too, in this case, my dear. I let our family down when I took to drink, I just don't want anything like that to happen again to you." He hugged Lizzy While they were getting into the carriage Barlow gloated. "Well, I think that went rather well. I seemed to impress the ladies of the household anyway." "Indeed," said Elizabeth. "Though your father didn't seem none too impressed with me. Not sure if he bought that business about exporting tobacco. Do you think that was clever of me to make that up just now?" Glen was getting a smoke from his case and lit it in his mouth. "Maybe too clever. I can't believe you lied to me and my family!" Lizzy railed at Glen. "Relax, I will explain it was just a joke next time I see them. Besides, I think a valet would be fine enough for your poor silly family. And you must be only too aware of how silly your family is." She turned away from him and stared outside at the cold gray overcast. A foggy mist that gathered as early evening approached. Lizzy flushed in both embarrassment and indignation and could not talk to him right now. Her family suffered terribly over the bankruptcy and here he practically laughed at their natural optimistic buoyancy which helped them through their misfortune. Who is this man who sneers at us? Do I really know this man whom I have claimed as my own?"
Chapter 19-Bribing Barlow Glen was brushing a new suit for Darcy in his bedroom as Darcy was before the looking glass in his undershirt. He fingered his thick mane of hair to settle it behind his ears. While he was catching himself in profile (he had a habit of turning about the mirror as some vanity hadn't escaped him when it came to his looks.) He had the fortune to have charming and evenly set features that made him handsome in nearly any angle or light. A slightly aquiline nose and square jaw and brows that were a thick arch over each well-shaped eye. "Barlow that's enough brushing. It's a suit, not a horse. Bring it here!" As Barlow offered the open jacket for Darcy to slip into, Darcy double-glanced at him. Barlow who normally kept himself straight-faced or lapse into an occasional smirk was looking exceptionally chipper today. He was openly smiling exposing his slightly yellowed teeth. As a regular smoker, he was normally self-conscious about an open smile. However, his mind was clearly elsewhere for he wore a plastered smile for the last several minutes. "Something amusing Barlow?" "Nothing of the kind." "When Darcy turned to the mirror to adjust his necktie he could see Barlow still smiling behind him in the reflection." "Either wipe that silly grin Barlow or I will do it for you." Darcy was losing patience with his impertinence. "I'm sorry sir. It's just personal matters. You see I went to meet my girl's parents. What an odd senseless pair her parents make. And the girls are not a whit better. Still, I don't care a jot. I would adore anybody if she asked me to." "Who is this girl of yours." "Oh I don't think that matters, does it?" "If you want to keep your job it does." Barlow raised an eyebrow at Darcy. "It's Elizabeth Bennet." Darcy didn't say anything for some moments. Then he lifted a key from his pocket and opened a drawer to pull out a velvet box. In it were a stack of pound notes. "Here is 5 pounds. I don't want you to see her." He pushed the note towards Barlow. Barlow's eyes widened at the large bill but then tempered himself. He looked up at Darcy again. "I can't help but be curious as to what your interest in Elizabeth is. Surely you could just forbid me to see her as you are my employer." "Because you would only hide it from me. Thus, by taking my money, you will also sign a contract stating you will not see her as long as you are taking money from me." Darcy removed the contract from the drawer already written out. He then signed his signature and handed Barlow the pen. "I don't think I will do it. I'm sorry sir but to cheapen Lizzy by suggesting I will stop seeing her for a measly sum of 5 pounds!" He declared pointing his chin up and pushing away the pen. "You may want to reconsider Barlow...it's 5 pounds a week." Barlow's brows leaped up and his mouth hung open for a moment. Darcy smirked. "Here's your pen." He said handing it back to him.
Chapter 20-Making a Scene "Not so rough!" Annabelle yelled out as Stuveton was yanking her hair and ripped her chemise which he hastily threw on the floor. Stuveton had Annabelle pinned against the bookshelf library. Her legs wrapped around his muscled thighs. In Stuveton's haste he hadn't bothered to lock the door and it was in this position that Darcy walked in on the reckless couple. Darcy was so much in shock that he stood transfixed for some moments as Stuveton ground into Annabelle. Her dress was ripped open on top exposing her breasts and the whites of her thighs from her hitched dress. When she saw Darcy's eyes. Her eyes widened. "Get off me, Get off!" She thrashed against Stuveton. "What the deuce!" Stuveton was alarmed at her hasty change. Then he turned to see Darcy's eyes that began to blaze from anger. Stuveton then slowly began to uncouple himself from her and buttoning up his trousers and combing back his hair smiled conciliatorily at Darcy. "Surely you can understand a man's need for passion. Well, I won't delay you any longer." Stuveton tried to hurry away in retreat. "Stuveton, you are not welcomed any longer in this house!" Darcy said grinding his teeth. "Stuveton sized up Darcy and knew he could have pummeled him. Though he thought better of it. Perhaps, Darcy might cool after some time and he could use Darcy's influence when it came to business dealings. "Cool your head, Darcy. We will talk again in the morrow!" Stuveton adjusted his trousers and left Annabelle alone to fend for herself with Darcy. Annabelle tried to cover herself meanwhile and made the best with her tattered dress which she had to pin together with her closed hand. "Sir, he attacked me." Darcy turned to look away. "I've seen enough to know that is not the case Annabelle. Get dressed quickly and pack your things. You are discharged from my employment. Annabelle flushed in a mix of anger and fear but tried to temper herself. 'I can't be discharged, I will lose face. I must make Darcy take it back somehow' Annabelle suddenly smiled to Darcy. "You know you don't mean that." She let go of her dress front exposing her breasts to him. "Perhaps you might change your mind, Darcy. You know I've always liked you very much." Darcy stared at her for a few moments and though the wicked temptation did flit in his mind for a few moments, Darcy composed himself. He went to the wall to ring the bell for Grieg. And in only moments, Grieg was at the door. Annabelle in humiliated about being exposed to Grieg hurried to close her dress up and rushed out of the room crying. It was less than an hour that the other servants began talking of the affair. Annabelle, sure she had lost had made an even bigger spectacle of herself. She railed against Darcy calling him a priggish fascist and that she hopes he will get his comeuppance for firing her. She then said he was jealous of Stuveton because he wanted her for himself. "Just leave Annabelle, you are just making a bigger fool of yourself." He said moderating his tone. Grieg took Annabelle's arm and dragged her out with some force as she was squirming and fighting against him. "Go to hell" she yelled as Grieg shut the door in her face. There was silence for some moments as the staff crowded out with open mouths. "Okay, you've seen enough for tonight. Back to your posts!" Darcy yelled out.
Chapter 21-Georgiana's Ball Mary Lou and Elizabeth were watching Georgiana was particular interest from the hall door. As everyone predicted Georgiana was the belle of the ball. She looked lovely in her white satin dress which hugged her shapely figure, the top was laced with ruffles and her loosely braided hair was roped with corded velvet. The gentlemen dressed in their bow ties and fine coat tails, gathered around Georgiana paying many compliments towards her. Georgiana showed courtesy to all as her gentle nature allowed, however, it was one handsome gentleman she received most eagerly, blushing when he would whisper in her ear. She danced with the said gentleman three times before she allowed herself to dance with any other partner. "Who is that handsome gent? The one with the curly hair and grinning at Georgiana?" Mary Lou said aloud. When Rose was passing through the hall with dishes in her hand. "Oh that I heard was a gentleman named Wickham and he is a wicked Wickham from what I hear. But you will see her brother Darcy will make sure she comes to no harm, see he is always keeping watch over her, even as he is dancing with Felicia." Elizabeth's eyes darted in that direction when she heard. She noticed Darcy was dancing with a tall pretty blonde who was thoughtfully gazing at him. Meanwhile, he was busy flitting his gaze toward Wickham and his little sister. "They look well together don't they?" said Rose "Who?" asked Mary Lou. "Darcy and his Felicia." "Oh yes" exclaimed Mary Lou. "Everyone always exclaims what a handsome couple they make," Rose said proudly. "Though Felicia is not equal to Darcy. She's a bit of a simpleton they say but she comes from a good family and they have known each other since they were little bitties and so the marriage was practically arranged." Elizabeth couldn't help but feel some desolation at the thought of an arranged marriage. She did not know Darcy too well but she had a firm inkling that the marriage would be a mismatch and that Darcy required more than a pretty face and a family name to make the man happy. Felicia was noticing Darcy's distractedness. His eye wandering over to the corner of the room where Wickham was making love to Georgiana which was plain to see. Wickham was learning toward Georgina's ear whispering and Georgiana readily blushed. "Fitz?" Darcy turned toward Felicia once again. "Yes?" "You seem distracted tonight." "Yes, I'm sorry. I'm just worried about Georgiana." "But Fitz its not just that. You don't seem to be paying much attention to what I'm saying." "Yes, I was listening. You were mentioning the picnic and what you arranged with your mother." "But you didn't respond to my last question." "And what was that?" "Why you hadn't seen me the last two times you were supposed to pay a call." "I'm sorry Felicia. Things have been terribly busy here. If I'm not rushing to business affairs I have to deal with household matters." "You know when we are married. I can help split the work with you Fitz. I know you said for me not to trouble myself too much but I want to help you." Felicia smiled up at him. "Yes thank you," Fitzwilliam said smiling but a smile that was too thin to convince Felicia. "Fitz, you don't seem to happy just now when I'm talking about our future life together." "Yes Felicia, let's talk about it another time. Shall we? I think I need to stop that rogue before this gets too out of hand." Darcy kissed Felicia's hand and left her standing there frowning. Fitz sidled up to Georgiana. "Oh, Fitz," Georgiana said smiling nervously at him. "It's Wickham and he wants to take me outdoors to the veranda. He said he would explain the constellation formation of Orion's belt." "You will do nothing of the kind," Darcy said through gritted teeth. "Come now, Fitz. You always imagine the worst. You need to loosen that rigid backbone of yours and let your sister see how beautiful the stars are tonight. It's only for a few minutes and we need a bit of air. "Georgiana I want to talk to you alone." And he took her hand and walked to the other of the room where he was talking but with animated frustration. Georgiana was looking down and pouting as if she was a child being scolded. However, finally, she lifted her head up and nodded to him. When Wickham offered his arm to walk to the Veranda, Georgiana refused saying her brother would take her out for some air instead. "You see what just happened there?" Rose said gossiping to the girls. "Georgiana possibly gave up her first real crush for her brother's sake. It is how much she respects his judgment in all matters. I call that real family devotion." "Perhaps there's another way to look at it. Blind obedience and Darcy's controlling nature." Elizabeth said.
Chapter 22-An Indoor Picnic Elizabeth was looking outside her bedroom window when she saw Glen talking with Frederick near the footpath and taking a sack over his shoulder and bounding off. She hurried downstairs her feet pattering on the staircase. "Glen!" She shouted but he didn't turn. "Glen!" She called again this time she was right behind him. He turned slowly towards Elizabeth but wasn't smiling. "What's the matter Glen?" Elizabeth asked. "Nothing I just have to make a delivery. I will see you in a bit." "No Glen, you wait a minute. You have been avoiding me all week. When I enter a room, you leave. When I see you, you distract yourself with errands. What is going on?" "Listen, Lizzy, I liked you. We had fun but I don't think it's going to work out. We're too different you see. You're a good kid" He lifted her chin lightly with his forefingers, gave her a small smile and left. Lizzy rushed back upstairs lept into her bed and cried. Mary Lou put her hand on Lizzy's back. "I saw you two outside, what happened Liz?" "He doesn't want me anymore. I don't know why?" Lizzy muttered through sobs and reached to embrace Mary Lou. Her tears soaking through Mary's white apron. While Elizabeth was typing Darcy's correspondence. She felt annoyed at Darcy's peering glance something normally would make her blush. When she was done she handed Darcy's cancellation note to the Baron. "Am I done, sir?" "No, not yet. I need to make another cancellation, please sit down and type it. He commanded Lizzy." Lizzy took her chair and started to type Darcy's dictation. "Dear Felicia, I regret to inform you that I must cancel my attendance to your father's picnic as some urgent business matters are in need of my attention at present. Yours truly, Fitzwilliam Elizabeth was momentarily stunned by his dismissive letter to his future wife to be and when she handed him the letter she told him so. "It's a little cold don't you think?" Lizzy normally would not have said these words aloud to her employer but she was in no regular mood today. She felt she would boil over if she kept everything to herself. "Not at all. That's how I write all my cancellations." "But she is your future wife-to-be." "Is she?" Darcy raised his eyebrows at her. "Are we done yet?" Elizabeth asked. Darcy shook his head. "I want you to help me prepare for the picnic." Elizabeth looked at him quizzically. "But you just canceled the picnic." "To the Governor's picnic yes. We're having one here." Darcy lifted out a basket from under the cabinets. "Help me with blanket" Elizabeth just froze watching this uncharacteristic display by Darcy. She was vexed by him. Was he making a joke? She was in no mood for one. "I'm sorry sir I don't understand you at present and I am not really looking to have a picnic with you." "You will have this picnic with me. Didn't you agree to obey any of my instructions in my contract?" "A picnic is a social function, not work duties." "It is if it is during work hours." Elizabeth sighed and helped Darcy with the blanket and setting the food. Darcy looked at Elizabeth who still seemed miffed about something and wouldn't look at him. "Let's see what do we have here. Ahh." He took out an apple. "A big delicious red apple" He took a big bite and handed it to her. "Here you try." "No" Darcy looked at her momentarily perplexed and at Elizabeth's scowl and laughed. "C'mon try it." "I seem to recall that same sinning apple in the Bible" "Yes, but it was Eve tempting Adam." "Well, I'm not tempting you." "I wouldn't say that" When she looked up at Darcy this time it wasn't in indignation but flushed from embarrassment. "Listen, sir, I don't understand you right now. And I apologize for my impatience today but I really just want to go back to my room if I'm done with my duties today." "Then just talk to me and tell me what's the matter. If I think it is serious enough for us to cancel this fine picnic then I will let you finish for the day." Elizabeth looked towards the floor. "Glen Barlow refuses to see me." "Ahh, that's no reason to cancel our picnic." "What?" "The scoundrel removed himself from your life. I call that a service if you ask me." "I loved him." "Did you now?" Darcy took another bite from his apple. "Well at least as much as you love Felicia I imagine." "How would you know that?" "I'm sorry, I'm becoming impertinent." "No, you are impertinent" "Sir, I apologize but I don't have any patience for this today. And you are getting on my nerves." "Call me by my first name Fitz, and say Fitz you are getting on my nerves." "I can't call you by your first name. That's highly impertinent." "Something you excel at evidently" Lizzy raised her eyebrows at him. "Yes, sir I have been, I'm sorry. I fear if I stay longer I will blunder evermore" "Please call me Fitz." He handed Lizzy a muffin. Lizzy was taking a bite and noticed Fitz's smirk. "You know normally I would be flattered by all this attention but I'm rather low in spirits today. "Of course you are, why else do you think I was going out of my way?" Elizabeth regarded Darcy for some moments. "So then you knew about Glen and me." "Yes." He crossed his arms and smiled. "Why do you take such trouble to make me happy." "For the selfish reason that I like you." He reached for Elizabeth's hand. "But you are engaged." "Only for the present." Darcy drew Elizabeth to him putting his arm around her waist. "Sir, I can't," As Darcy started to kiss her. He was gently kissing the edges of her lips and then her lips slowly. Before Elizabeth knew it, she was kissing him back but then she was seized with sudden guilt and she pulled away. "Sir, we musn't" "I told you to call me Fitz." "Fitz, what are you doing." "I hardly know but I will tell you something. I don't plan to marry Felicia. Now, will you kiss me?"
Chapter 23-In the Garden "I didn't really like Annabelle, I mean not really," Rose said while she was helping herself to some chocolates in a gift box she bought herself. Rose was lying in bed this Sunday afternoon and chatting with Mary Lou and Lizzy who were sitting by her bedside with chairs they pulled from the corner. "She was always so stuck up. Thinking she was superior to everyone. And now she is turned out of the house, sharing the shame she blamed others for now." "But you seemed so close" Mary Lou suggested. "Well I admit, she could be fun to be around occasionally. But I tell you I always knew she was a bad apple." Rose waved her small hands and popped another chocolate piece into her mouth. Then Rose paused reflectively. "You know we all make mistakes. I know everyone knew about the baby. But we all pretended it never happened." Mary Lou and Lizzy blushed in embarrassment. "It was for your sake and besides you aren't really to blame in the case. You were engaged after all and the wedding seemed so certain. Who would have believed he would skip out. Jonathan seemed so upstanding and all that." said Mary. "Yeah well. Men must have their mistresses and sometimes they fall for them and leave their intended." "Mistresses. Wicked creatures," said Mary Lou. Elizabeth looked at her feet. "Mistress. Was she a mistress? She had let Darcy kiss her on the faith of his word alone. He said he would leave Felicia but how could she be so sure. Perhaps he only meant it at the time. Elizabeth thought resolutely not to let Darcy get close again for she was not sure she could trust him or herself. In a moment, Elizabeth excused herself saying she wanted to take a walk. Darcy was walking through his gardens pacing. His unsettled emotions made him seek physical exertion. Darcy felt some guilt at having seduced Lizzy. He had never planned to take it that far. He had immodestly thought he had the situation at hand when Mrs. Gardiner asked for his help in prying Glen from Elizabeth and he couldn't help but relish the thought of having put Glen in his place and forced Glen to show his true colors as the conniving money-grubbing wretch he really was. He had planned to show his interest in Elizabeth but at heart, he wasn't pretending. He had always been captivated by Lizzy and would often think of her in private. Her guileless charm and independence were refreshing to the society ladies he was used to. And as much as he did his best to conceal these feelings, often his brusque manner was overplayed because of his fear that he would reveal his desire. His own play-acting was something he took advantage of which allowed him to do what he always wanted to...to touch her and declare his feelings for her. And now that he acted like he did not care for Felicia, it dawned on him that it was true after all. He had wanted to marry her because of a promise he made and his sense of duty. But he was being much too dishonest to himself and the others. Flushed and pacing in the garden was how Elizabeth found him.
Chapter 24-Disreputable "Fitz, I do believe we should talk" Elizabeth called out to him. "Yes, I think so too." Darcy's heart bounded at the sight of Elizabeth. She was a fine figure in her white day dress, her dark curls loose about her. Out of her uniform, she looked quite the lady. "What is it Elizabeth?" Darcy's lips quirked up in a smile. "I don't think we should continue to see each other." Elizabeth's soft brown eyes looked at him sadly. Darcy felt deflated. It was not what he expected. "Why?" He said feeling dejected. "I think you know why. It's not right. We could not be together without...without scandal." "Is that all?" Darcy said smiling. His confidence blooming. "I think that would be quite enough." "Well, I daresay I do care enough about you to court you. I have made up my mind about it today." "But Fitz, you don't know me, not really." Elizabeth looked away. "I know enough. If I can trust your feelings match mine. I will make you mine." "But how can you be so decisive when..." "Lizzy you will find when I find what I want, I can be quite decisive." He caressed her cheek and she kissed his hand. "And Felicia?" "And as I promised, I was about to leave to break off the engagement." "If I have your word that it is done then I promise to give my heart to you, dear Fitz." Fitz lifted Lizzy's chin and kissed her. "What are you trying to say?" Felicia trembled in agitation. Her face flushed red. "Just as I said it. I need to break off our engagement." Fitz was not shy about breaking bad news in business meetings but breaking the ultimate bad news to Felicia made him feel a bit queasy with guilt." "Why, Fitz, why?" Felicia shuddered and began to sob. Fitz put his arm over her shoulders. "Because it's not fair to you." "It's not fair for you to break it off Fitz!" She threw his arm aside. "Don't you touch me! It's that girl, isn't it? That Lizzy girl!" "Even if it was it's beside the point. I have given the matter considerable thought, and it wouldn't work between us. We are too different to make it a successful marriage." "I would have done anything for you Fitz," Felicia said hugging her knees and wiping her nose. "I am sorry to have distressed you, Felicia." Darcy took her hand which she pulled away. He then began to pick up his hat and coat. "Oh, not as sorry as you will be when you find out about her and Stuveton!" She gloated through her red-teared face a menacing smile. "What could she mean?" Darcy stormed out. His head spinning with a rush anxious of thoughts of her and Stuveton. So had she been with that beast too? He couldn't believe, he wouldn't believe it. His mind would give him no rest until he found out about it and he went to the club to search for Stuveton. Stuveton was chewing on his cigar as he watched his opponent Sir George Best lean in a shot toward the right corner pocket. "Damn" he muttered as the ball dribbled for a moment at the corner and dropped. His opponent missed his next shot however and Stuveton snickered when he did so. Stuveton was leaning over with his large back when he called for the red ball in middle pocket but as he poked his cue into the white ball he saw Darcy enter from the corner of his eye. His distractedness led him to miss the pocket. "Damn Damn" he muttered. "Today isn't your day is it Stuveton?" Sir Best gloated as he took his turn. "No, I don't imagine it will be" Darcy yelled over the threshold which got the notice of some faces. Stuveton crossed his large arms. "What do you want Darcy." "A word in private." "Give me a sec, George." Stuveton said turning his attention to the glaring Darcy. He took a seat across of Darcy on the lounge sofa. "Well?" Stuveton said puffing out a large smoke ring. "What have you to do with Elizabeth. I want the truth." "Elizabeth who?" "Miss Bennet." "Ahh..." Stuveton smiled. "Did you compromise her Stuveton?" "What is it to you Darcy? Are you soft on the little vixen?" "Just tell me" Darcy clenched his jaw and fists fearing the worst. "Did I compromise her? Perhaps, or perhaps she compromised herself. The cheap hussy!" Stuveton laughed raucously. Without a thought, Darcy threw a punch to Stuveton's grinning chin. Stuveton in shock held his face, but in a few moments working his jaw he seemed to recover. "I didn't know you had it in you Darcy. You really are messing with the wrong person though." With that Stuveton gut-punched, Darcy and he was knocked on the ground. Darcy knew he was outmatched but his rage kept his adrenalin flowing and created an unknown strength in him and he shoved Stuveton onto the table and they both crashed to the floor. The proprietor had to turn them both out. They were both bruised and bleeding on their faces though Darcy took the greater blow. "Darcy eyed Stuveton and readied his fists for another bout." Stuveton was massaging his shoulder. "I've enough Darcy. I need to save my strength for tonight. I was promised a bevy of whores to keep me company tonight. You've proved your point. Let it go, will you? A no-name maid isn't worth your trouble." Stuveton left Darcy standing there while he went back inside to his club.
Chapter 25-Hard Truth Barlow was sitting in his bed holding the picture of Lizzy she gave him. She wore the daisy in her loose hair that he slipped into her before the photo. Her brown eyes were soft in their tender expression towards him. 'Oh, Lizzy if you only knew how hard it is to turn you away. If only I didn't need the damn money so much. How poverty makes you grovel and covet these damn pounds more than anything, more than life, more than self-respect even more than you dear Lizzy.' He kissed her picture before he put it away and took out the 5 pounds from his pocket and walked to the mahogany dresser. From it, he pulled out a nondescript wooden box that was piled under his socks and other bric-a-brac. In it was a growing pile of pound notes given to him by Darcy. He then added the latest 5 pounds and quickly tucked away the box as he heard Jos enter. "Glen I wanted to let you know something" Jos scurried over to Glen as he closed the doors of the mahogany dresser. "What is it Jos?" Glen said flatly though he was disturbed that Jos almost found his treasure trove, like a squirrel with his nut pile. "I found Lizzy with Darcy in the gardens, they were kissing." "This better not be one of those jealous tricks of yours Jos," Glen said clenching his jaw. "No, I swear it. He was making love to her and they were talking about being together. And then they kissed." Glen reddened in anger. "I knew he would take advantage when he saw the opportunity. The bastard thinks he can get away it so he does?" "So then, what will you do about it?" Jos asked smiling. "I need to speak to you..sir," Barlow said gritting his teeth when he found Darcy walking down the foyer. Darcy could see Barlow was seething about something and though normally he would shrug him off he knew better than to risk it at the moment. "Ok, we can talk in my study." Barlow followed Darcy and entered the study after him. "But make it quick because I told Miss Bennet I would meet her here in a few minutes." "It is about Miss Bennet, I need to talk to you about." "What about her?" Darcy raised his thick brows. "Ok so I gave in to your bribe and I have kept my word. I haven't so much exchanged a word with her in weeks and avoid her whenever possible. But to take her for yourself? What do you plan to do with her? The most she could be to you is your mistress. I can't believe you would disrespect her that way. All you hoighty-toighty rich folks are all the same!" "First off Barlow, my relationship with Elizabeth is none of your damn business. Second of all, if you want me to rip up the contract I will. Are you asking me to do that Barlow?" Glen's anger began to fade into sad despondency. "No, I don't" "So then we will continue our arrangement. And you will not breathe a word of it to anyone nor have the gall to tell me how I conduct my own business. Is that understood?" "Yes, sir," said Barlow quietly. "Good you may take your leave." However, when he opened the door he saw a wide-eyed Lizzy. "Elizabeth!" Glen said in surprise, closing the door behind him. "What did you hear?" "Enough." Elizabeth was shaking in anger. "But Lizzy he whispered you don't know the full story and I will tell you if you give me a chance." He put his arm over her waist and she could not help feel a heady mix of old warm feelings that were lost to her these past weeks. "It's true Darcy bribed me not to see you and I did take money from him. But you see it's only temporarily. I planned to save enough so we can run away together, my sweet." Barlow smiled at her. Elizabeth looked at him trying to ascertain the sincerity. However, his quirked up smile seemed a nervous one and he seemed much flushed and agitated. "If even our relationship was a series of lies, please respect me enough to not tell me one now. Do you swear it was what you intended." Elizabeth was tearing up. Barlow let out a long sigh and then responded with some hesitation. "I do respect you Lizzy and I wished to damn that this was the real plan behind taking the bribe. But no, the money was for myself and myself only. I had given you up you see." Glen took great pains to tell Lizzy this, his face was pinched and his eyes red and watering. "How could you?" Elizabeth stammered, sobbing as she left Barlow standing there, looking at her with a dejected kind of sadness.
Chapter 26-Embarrassment Fitz had a frozen steak over his eye. Feeling he lost his senses over his secretary who knew little of loyalty or conscientiousness. He would fire her today and that would be the end to it. He was torn with his desire for her and his disgust that she could have deceived him so gloriously. Darcy never thought himself a fool but here he was the biggest fool bested by a woman who had manipulated and scorned his affections. He was too angry to see her but see her he must. He had told his butler Grieg he wanted to see Elizabeth immediately. To his surprise, Elizabeth showed at the door with an equally disdainful look as his. She narrowed her eyes at him and had her arms crossed. Her reproachful stare was in a way a relief to him as it would make his job of releasing her easier. While her eyes roamed over the steak over his eye, Darcy dropped it on the table, exposing his bruised eye. "What do you want? And why are you bruised up?" Elizabeth looked at him her eyes daring him. "Nevermind about the bruises. I think you should leave my employment, Miss Bennet." Darcy's brows were furrowed. Elizabeth turned red and shaking with anger. "That is exactly what I intended to do Mr. Darcy but tell me how is it a corrupt extortionist is the one to fire an innocent worker." Darcy was taken aback by her calling him an extortionist and although he did not see himself as such he could not help but feel guilty about his bribing Barlow. Then in a moment, he was overcome with anger. She innocent, ha! A most absurd claim! "Innocent? You only play innocent. I know who you are and what you are." Fitz fumed. "What is that? Fitzwilliam, what am I?" Elizabeth lifted her chin and setting her shoulders back, challenged him. "Do I need to spell it out? Do I have to take you to my bedchambers and show you?" Darcy spit out the words. Elizabeth's rage softened into despair and she put her head in her hands and broke down sobbing. Suddenly Darcy felt ashamed for what he said and without thinking he took her up in her arms and kissed her. They began to kiss but when he pressed himself against her and tried to undo the buttons on her dress, she shoved him forcefully back. "What are you doing Fitz." "Well, perhaps I could not make you a wife but a mistress." He murmured in her ear. "You don't mean that." Lizzy's eyes were full with tears. "Why do you think you are too good to be my mistress?" Darcy scowled. "I'm leaving now. I don't even care for my payment. I can't stand it here another minute!" Elizabeth tore away from him and ran out of the room while holding her face in her hands, tears streaming down. Darcy knew he didn't mean the words he spoke but just wanted to hurt her and embarrass her as she embarrassed him. He knew the instant he said those hurtful words that he was showing the worst in men and he hated himself for losing his integrity over the great hurt he felt. Elizabeth had become something special to him over the past several weeks. She now was a painful reminder of his vulnerability. He felt all too raw and exposed. Darcy prided himself on being sensible and worthy of a gentleman's sense of honor and duty. He now felt ashamed of his conduct and the base way he treated Lizzy. Surely, no matter what she had done in her past, she did not deserve to be humiliated in his hands. Still, his pride was relentless and he did feel he was justified in his feelings of scorn for her. He determined to let her go now, that she should be nothing to him now. He would send her the remaining pay and he would never see or speak to her again.
Chapter 27-New Prospects It has been some weeks and Elizabeth was back at home with her family. It was strange for her to be back home after an absence of so many months. Her father was glad to have her company again. She would read to him at nights when his eyes felt poorly and when he hankered for a drink she was quick to hide the bottles from him. For her mother and rest of the sisters, they were initially glad for her return but soon had more pressing issues to worry over such as finding a suitable marriage partner for the eldest Jane. It was within a week that Jane finally returned home. The Eldest Bennet was also the most beautiful with golden flaxen hair and noble pleasing features like a Boticelli Venus. After the disappointment of Elizabeth's return, they had set their hopes ever more on Jane finding a suitable match. It was on this point Elizabeth was speaking with Jane. "Who is this wealthy handsome kind gentleman you speak of Jane?" "Oh, his name is Mr. Bingley." "A Charles Bingley, the friend of Mr. Darcy?" Elizabeth shivered while she asked. "Oh yes, I quite forgot that they were good friends. Oh, I'm sorry if it pains you to think about it. I should put Mr. Bingley out of my mind if I knew it would be a torment to you." "You shall do no such thing, Jane! Even if it is a discomfort to think we would be the same circles as Mr. Darcy at times, I would not jeopardize the happiness of my dear sister if she chooses Bingley as her man." Jane embraced Elizabeth. "Oh, and I know you shall find happiness Lizzy you with your goodness and heart and good sense." "It seems only a few seem to think I have much sense at all these days." "If you mean with the rumors, those that care for you care not a jot about them and we know your true virtue and worth dearest Lizzy." Jane paused a minute tapping her teeth, "Oh...I almost forgot" Then Jane jumped out of the bedroom to retrieve the letter tray. "Oh Lizzy, you received a letter from a Mr. Baskins, father's old business partner though I'm not sure why he should write to you." As Lizzy opened the letter she saw that he was looking for a governess and would be honored if she would consider the post for he knew she would make a steller governess for his children with her education and integrity and loyalty. "Jane, it looks like there might be hope for me yet. I found a new position!" Lizzy smiled.
Chapter 28-Darcy's Distress It had been a few months since Elizabeth took up a post with Mr. Baskins and successfully taught the children their basic curriculum of Math, Sciences, English, History and basic French. When she was done with a lesson with the younger Arthur Baskin Jr. She was settling on the settee in the library with a book when she received a post. "Dearest Lizzy, You have not written back to any of my letters. I feel mad at my conduct and mad to see you again. I made a great error in giving you up. I realized I don't believe the rumors and even if they were true, I am willing to look past it Lizzy if you will forgive me and say you will be mine. Ever Yours, Fitz Elizabeth sighed and took the letter and put it away in a box that had a collection of six more letters written by him. Darcy was in his bedchambers, unshaven and his hair askew in his old robes writing yet another letter to Elizabeth. "Oh, what's the use! She hates me and what's more, I deserve her contempt for I am a contemptible man!" Darcy said under his breath. He had not gotten out of bed for the past several days...refusing to dress, go down or to arrange in business matters. He only let Grieg in to bring in his meals. Suddenly there was a knock on the door. "Mr. Darcy, It's Mrs. Gardiner, I must speak to you." "Come in," said Darcy tiredly. When Mrs. Gardiner entered the room she was in shock at the state of Fitzwilliam. "Fitz, look at the state of you!" "Yes, I'm a mess." He said dejectedly. "What more I let my business matters fall through, I don't seem to care a jot about anything or anybody but your damned niece." "Listen Fitzwilliam" Mrs. Gardiner took his hand. "It was my fault that I got you to meddle in the affairs of my niece. Though in my heart of hearts I did always want to see you both together. It was a little fantasy of mine. Little did I think it would be Lizzy that would sweep the noble Mr. Darcy off his feet!" Mrs. Gardiner chuckled. "But I'm afraid I've lost her now. I've treated her baselessly cruel. She won't forgive me." Darcy put his head in his hands. Mrs. Gardiner patted his hand, "Listen, I know you've been writing letters to her in apology. But it's time you did more to show your sincerity. It's time you paid her a visit, don't you think?"
Chapter 29-A New Beginning "I would like to see Miss Bennet please?" Darcy was outside the door to Mr. Baskins when he was greeted by his butler. "Yes, this way please." Miss Bennet was teaching little Miss Sandra the different countries in Europe. The little girl was standing on a stool pointing to them on the spinning globe. "Miss Bennet, there is a gentleman to see you." The Butler said. "I will be right back Sandra, keep reading the names while I'm gone." Elizabeth left the study and to her surprise saw Mr. Darcy standing there, hat in hand with a shy smile. "Elizabeth, it's good to see you." "Mr. Darcy, what brings you here?" "I wanted to see you." "What for?" Fitzwilliam took her hands. "Would you forgive me if I told you I was truly sorry for how I've treated you that last day?" Elizabeth slipped her hands from his grasp and turned from him. "No I couldn't" "Why Elizabeth?" Darcy peered at her sadly. "It wasn't just the last day. You treated me like I was a pawn to be toyed with. You took advantage of my station and exerted your influence over myself and others so they would bend to your will. It was wrong Fitz." Fitz bowed his head. "Lizzy, I didn't realize how unjust I've been. You see my pride can be a difficult burden. It works to my advantage when I prided myself on my good conduct and integrity but somehow I slipped when I became infatuated with you. You who are so lovely, guileless, sharp but most importantly have true integrity of spirit. You quite captivated me. And I was seething with jealousy for Barlow. Then when I had given my heart to you, Stuveton had claimed to have bedded you. I quite lost my senses." Elizabeth looked at Darcy. "Please look at me Fitz" Fitz lifted his head. His face was flushed and distressed. His brows were furrowed and he struggled to look at her eyes. "I need to see you Fitz, if I am to accept your apology." Elizabeth turned his head toward her. "Well you certainly seem distressed over it." Elizabeth smiled coyly. Fitz turned his cheek to her hand and kissed her palm. "Lizzy, do you forgive me?" "Yes, I can forgive you. But I can no longer be in your service, Fitz. It's not proper." "Yes I know Dear Lizzy. I don't plan to take you back as my secretary or as a maid, but as my wife." "Fitz, you are joking?" Elizabeth's shock was apparent. Fitz went on one knee. "No, will you come back as Mistress of Pemberly, My wife?" Elizabeth blushed. "Do you mean it Fitz, you won't even ask what happened that night?" "No, I won't ask if you won't tell me. I don't even care anymore. I trust you implicitly." He smiled. She considered, looking into his eyes for some moments, "Then I will tell you. He took advantage when we were alone. He tore my dress trying to... he had grabbed me but a servant for us in time. He spun the tale to make it seem I seduced him but that is what happened." "I believe you, Lizzy. I will make it my duty to prove that the rumors were false and clear your name. But let's start by hurrying back to your future Pemberly if you will have it and have me." "I will and I do dear Fitz" Elizabeth reached on her toes and kissed Fitz on the lips.
