In Plain Sight By Don Jacobson A Pride and Prejudice Variation © 2019 by Donald P. Jacobson. All rights reserved. No portion of this work may be reproduced by any means—electronic or mechanical—without the expressed written consent of the holder of this copyright apart from brief excerpts for review purposes. Published in the United States of America. Front cover painting: (((To be Determined))) This work is in the public domain in the United States because they were published (or registered with the U.S. Copyright Office) before January 1, 1923, and the creator of the work died more than 95 years ago. Cover design by Janet Taylor. JT Originals. All characters, real or imaginary, are treated as fiction and may have been altered for literary purposes. Any fictional characters' resemblance to any persons living or dead is coincidental. All errors are the author's own. He humbly apologizes in advance for any inconvenience or discomfort these may cause. ISBN: Book One Prologue Lambton, 1806 Chapter I The High Street, Lambton, November 4, 1806 Charlie Tomkins counted himself amongst the lucky ones. He'd taken the king's shilling back in '89 when the crappauds first began to act up after tossing off their divine master, Louis. Tomkins was a born-and-bred Derbyshireman, too far from Liverpool and Newcastle to attract the Press. He also had managed to avoid sly army recruiting sergeants and remained on the farm until he was seven-and-ten. However, as his back strengthened and his shoulders broadened, Charlie Tomkins was looking to put the Peak behind him. The idea that he would devote his life to watching Romulus' and Remus'—Papa was fond of Roman lore—massive hindquarters sway before his eyes as they hauled the plough through Pemberley's rich Derwent loams saddened and depressed him. News of the events in France galvanized the shire from the parlors of the great houses to the taprooms populated by the men who, in the event of war, would do the bulk of the fighting…and the dying. However, whether the blood was the rich blue of an Earl's second son in Matlock or the unadorned carmine of a tenant farmer's eldest raised in the shadow of the rose-colored sandstone mansion outside of Lambton, a rising martial spirit, a need to prove oneself, was held in common. Tomkins had hated the mud through which he slogged in the aftermath of storms that roared unchecked from the Scottish moors further north. In an adolescent's fervor, he had vowed to never be tricked into signing up for the Army. Rather, he listened and learned from those who had gone before. Some of the old hands like Tom Shrimpton, who had served with Lord Howe back in the Seventies and Eighties, had talked plenty over their ale about how a man could take down enough prize money to fill a hat in two hours of hot work. The stories of Jamaican liberty, bountiful rum, and willing dusky women confirmed the Royal Navy as the ideal refuge for a youngster willing to work to get away from the boredom. When the recruiting flyers began appearing outside of the Mercantile, one disappeared quickly into young Tomkins' smock. Confiding only in his next younger brother, Charlie began his pilgrimage to the heart of the Royal Navy, Portsmouth. His messmates never ceased to profess amazement that the young farmer was able to traverse the entire length of the country without running afoul of the Press. Tomkins' survival skills had assumed legendary proportions as the Nineties aged. His journey eventually was seen as Fate having placed her finger on the scales to ensure that Tomkins found his place without abusing his naiveté. Hopping down from a farmer's wagon delivering hay to Portsmouth's great stone quay, Tomkins put his back to work moving the silage onto a barge. Charlie knew that the larger ships in the Fleet, the great two- and three-deckers, were often referred to as floating farms because they carried a complement of cattle, pigs, and chickens intended to make their captains' lives a little easier. Charlie had already decided to avoid brig or frigate duty. He showed initiative and native intelligence when he accosted the man in charge of the barge and asked to accompany the fodder out into the sail-filled basin and sign onto its destination. That ship turned out to be the second-most-famous ship in the Fleet, the Bellerophon. Taken onto the ship's books in 1793 after the she was recommissioned, he started as a landsman and quickly rose through the ranks, first up the mast as an able seaman. Later, though, his sheer size prevented him from becoming an effective topman. He then caught the eye of the chief gunner. That man liked his gun crews to be large boys, all the better to take up the slack if a splinter cut down one of their mates. On the lower gundeck, Tomkins was able to sweet-talk the monsters that could throw thirty-two pounds of iron through foot-thick oaken walls from a mile off. Wherever the dear old Billy Ruffian had shipped from then on, Charlie Tomkins had been there sending the armorer's hell through frog or dago rigging, sails, hulls, and men. He was there on the Glorious First of June when Admiral Howe bloodied the French fleet's nose. Tomkins was in her off the coast of Ireland when the frogs tried to invade that sorry land. He got his first taste of warm weather when the ship patrolled off Cape St. Vincent with Jervis' fleet. And then came Aboukir Bay and the Battle of the Nile. More pounds and pence were showered upon the men who had followed Nelson's pennant. By this point, Charlie had made a practice of depositing nearly every drop of his prize money with one of Barings' bank correspondent firms hidden in the shadow of Gibraltar. His account records had been sent off to Lambton to be held closely by his father. That steady man, as one of Pemberley's tenant farmers, had approached his landlord, Mr. George Darcy, for advice. The Master of Pemberley, pleased that the elder Tomkins trusted his judgement, could find no difficulty with Barings' investments, but counseled prudence, suggesting the Three and Four Percents. After a stint in the tropics, the ship flew back north when the Beast began his next campaign. And that led to Tomkins fighting the gundeck at Trafalgar. And the end of his good luck. Late in the fight as the Bellerophon hammered away at two French frigates, a wet-behind-the-ears landsman tripped him up just in time for Tomkins to be in the way of a recoiling cannon. The surgeon made quick work of the remains of his left leg down in the orlop. For the briefest of moments, Tomkins felt despair, images of crippled or blinded castoffs rattling their tin cups—beggared they were—weighing down upon him. Except, of course, he had been saving against that eventuality. Thanks to old Mr. Darcy, Charlie Tomkins had set by enough of the ready to purchase The George in Lambton. A pretty place it was: a large common room, two private dining parlors, and six guest rooms upstairs. Unusual 'ow many taverns and inns are run by peg-leg sailors. His shore anchor, Annie, had, over the past ten years, birthed three bairns, all his, while she had been waiting for Charlie to be paid off ashore. The Tyrant, though, had had other ideas, keeping Charlie before the mast for nearly fifteen years. Mrs. Tomkins had caught wind that the old owner had begun to feel his age and had desired to put Derbyshire's chill winds behind him. By the time Charlie had cadged his way back from The Rock, his father and Mr. Darcy's steward were well on the way toward finalizing the purchase. Tomkins had taken possession of the George's keys on the first day of Spring in the Year Six. Tomkins vowed that he would always remember Mr. Darcy's kindness when the landowner could have easily ignored a farmer's son. In fact, Charlie was convinced that most gentry would have cheated him out of his meager fortune. Many a customer, either regular or simply passing through, marveled at the rough oil painting of a distinguished squire gracing the place of honor above the hearth. When asked why a painting not of His Majesty was to be found in a tavern named after the monarch, Tomkins always responded, " 'cause 'is Majesty's King. Master Darcy's the Founder of the Tomkins' fortune." Although most in Lambton and on Pemberley's rolling ranges knew that the old gentleman had been failing for years since the gentle Lady Anne had passed away after birthing her sweet daughter, Mr. Darcy's sudden demise three months ago had caught the area by surprise. As always when a leading landowner succumbed, those dependent upon his estate for their livelihoods wondered and worried about their futures. The new master, Fitzwilliam Darcy, was an unknown quantity. While he often had been seen in town in the years since he returned from Cambridge, most who crowded the taproom had had little dealings with the young man. He had apparently holed up in the manor house, nursing his grief at his father's death. The community had professed suitable outrage when news of his ten-year-old sister's dispatch to stay with her cousins at Matlock became known as an aroma redolent of dissolute behavior had threaded its way down from the great sandstone mansion. Neighborhoods abhor vacuums and will happily fill unoccupied space with anything that seems plausible. What Lambton did know of Fitzwilliam Darcy came from the mouth of the old steward's son, George Wickham. Used to George Darcy's jovial, fair, and honest nature and not having seen his heir since the father's interment, many readily believed Wickham's characterizations of young Darcy. Wickham painted his old comrade as being a proud man who saw himself far above his tenants and lesser neighbors. Darcy's absence from the village's streets, denying the shopkeepers any opportunity to offer their condolences upon his loss and their wives the chance to gossip about his appearance and marriage prospects, only served to reinforce Wickham's unanswered portrayal. Tomkins, for his part, did not believe the verbal brickbats bruited about by Wickham who always seemed to manage to avoid paying for any tankards of ale, let alone to stand for a round. He had heard that the young Master spent his days bowed over papers in his study and his nights over one or more bottles of expensive non-taxed brandy. But he knew that the critical word in his considerations was heard. Truth be told, Tomkins little trusted Wickham or any words he vowed to be the unvarnished truth. He had despised the way the young Wickham had lorded over the tenant's boys his place as being the steward's son. He had observed firsthand the way George had deflected blame through artful lies and half-truths. Being a few years older, Tomkins had protected his younger brothers from Wickham's depredations. Today, Charlie would not refuse Wickham's custom, but he also refused the man credit despite his pretensions of being a gentleman. Tomkins knew better. After he had swept the last of his habitual customers from their regular stations in the common room, Charlie locked the front door and paused on the time-worn cobbles in front of The George. He patted his jacket and smiled in satisfaction as he felt the firm cylinder of a well-made cigar, a gift from a merchant passing through Lambton. Charlie had planned to savor it after Sunday dinner. However, that would be five days hence. Given Derbyshire's traditional weather, by the time the Ninth rolled around, the mews behind The George could be hip-deep in snow. This evening, late as it was, offered only a crispness as opposed to the bone-numbing cold that was bound to sweep in from the North. As Annie refused him the liberty of smoking in his own parlor, Tomkins opted to stroll along the deserted High Street before he returned to the tavern. He pulled the smoke from his pocket, nipped one end with his teeth, and lit it off the inn's oil lantern guttering in the frosty night air. Taking a few deep puffs and concluding that all was right in the world, Tomkins stepped off the walk and began stumping his way across the road.
Chapter II Darcy had the lead as he flew between Pemberley's gateposts. Wickham's nags were lagging behind as Darcy's matched greys, nostrils flared, spun onto the Derby Pike and pointed the curricle toward Lambton. The wind, all the colder because of the high-wheeled carriage's speed, nipped Darcy's nose and ears, cutting through the alcoholic haze which had wrapped him in its warming arms. He realized how foolhardy it had been to succumb to Wickham's taunts and accept his wager. At the time, after two full bottles of brandy, it had seemed a reasonable proposition. For him, £25 was barely pocket change, but for Wickham…well, George all but broke a leg racing out to the stables to set the boys to harnessing. A small corner of Darcy's mind, a part not involved in managing the ribbons, contemplated why he had acted so rashly. Four months ago…before Papa…he never would have behaved like this, liquor or not. His barriers were gone. In shyness aggravated by his cousin's absence with the embassy in Vienna, Darcy had fallen back on the familiar, if despised, figure of George Wickham. I have always sought out those with whom I am acquainted. Wickham is another with whom I have history. Would that Bingley had found a way to free himself of his family these past three months. I would not have had to be on my guard with him. Darcy had rationalized compromising his integrity—my good regard, once lost, is lost forever—by arguing that as long as Wickham was imbibing brandy in Pemberley's parlor, he could not be victimizing Lambton's town folk. Darcy had also applied Wickham's favorite lubricant, guineas, to purchase a congenial drinking partner. At no point in the past three months had Darcy decided to alter his self-destructive behavior, not even when the Ear and Countess appeared at Pemberley's door demanding to take Georgiana to "visit her cousins." He realized, of course, that he could not manage the upbringing of a girl-child, not in the state he was in. Thus, her removal struck him as a wise course of action, doing that which he himself could not, admit that the family was broken by his father's death. He had, though, found a way to put a good face upon the bad situation, to pull himself together and bid his sister a happy farewell. Ten-year-old Georgie, filled with innocent excitement at a sojourn in Matlock, was none-the wiser. Once the door had closed behind the Matlocks and his sister, Darcy had crawled deeper into a wine bottle. There was a part of him that wished to destroy a world that had taken his father before his time, and, failing that, himself. He had not been ready to bid farewell to George Darcy. And, as for taking over the gigantic estate… Now, in the dark of a Derbyshire frosty night, Darcy was in the middle of his most foolhardy effort to throw off responsibility's heavy yoke. Wickham's curricle, while Pemberley's second-best, responded agilely to its masters more experienced driving. Since leaving Cambridge, Wickham had been lining his pockets with the ready so easily gambled away by the ton's dissolute sons. His edge over Darcy grew from dozens of races just like this. On top of that, he well-knew the Derby Pike. He had also been forced, from time-to-time, to use shank's mare to get from the village to the estate. This was but five miles of good road—regularly graded and graveled—thanks to the Darcys. Wickham depended upon Darcy's unfamiliarity with the thoroughfare to help him recoup the ten lengths separating his team's noses from the lacquered platform on the back of the leading carriage. And, his faith in his own reconnoitering gradually began to pay off. As the two curricles approached the bottleneck where Lambton's High Street looped off the turnpike, Wickham began to draw even. Darcy over-steered on the hard-left turn which allowed George to slide by on the right and gain a full length. However, the Master of Pemberley was not to be outdone by his old playmate. Once the road straightened out between the shops and stores, Darcy whipped the greys into a final burst of speed. He pulled even with Wickham. At that moment, George looked over and first flashed a toothy grin before throwing his head back and laughing at Darcy. That was a fatal error. As he turned his attention once again to the dirt fairway stretching out in front of him, a look of horror reshaped Wickham's features. There in the byway was a solitary figure of a man struggling to get out of the way of the speeding vehicles. Tomkins did not have a chance. Neither did Darcy nor Wickham. Wickham instinctively hauled his team's heads hard left. However, the die had been cast. The most Wickham succeeded in doing was sparing Tomkins sure death beneath his horses' hooves. However, the steel rim of the right wheel was sure to catch the one-legged man who lay sprawled in the dirt, clawing hand-over-hand trying to escape. He screamed as the wheel slashed across his living leg. George's turn, however, also doomed the two curricles. In a flash, and before Darcy could react, Wickham's swerving carriage veered into his lane. Wheels clashed and locked together. Spokes splintered. Over a ton of equine flesh slammed into one another. As the equipage jumbled together, pieces of coachwork flew up and over, vaulting above the bleeding mass that had been four horses just seconds before. Neither driver could protect himself from the impact or the oaken javelins that broke free as the curricles disintegrated. Darcy climbed out of the darkness into a world through which the faces of a milling crowd flickered. At some level, he became aware of an angry murmuring, but the dampness that seeped into his eyes prevented any deeper understanding. What he knew was that the vacant eyes staring back at him from a face that rested upon bleeding torso bent at an impossible angle had lately belonged to George Wickham. What Darcy did not apprehend at this moment was that Wickham had, through the expedient of breaking his neck, escaped the fate awaiting Darcy. Chapter III Derby Assizes, December 15, 1806 The trial of Crown v Fitzwilliam Darcy had been swift. The mob had clamored to see one of Derbyshire's leading citizens in the dock if only to receive the oft-given slap-on-the-wrist. Such treatment was the norm for betters while lessers could only pray to be sent to the other side of the world rather than be handed over to dance the Tyburn hornpipe. Authorities who twenty years before might have been inclined to severely admonish Darcy for his reckless behavior now decided that an example was needed to tamp down dangerous dreams enflamed by the successful revolution cross the Channel. The prisoner was brought into the dock showing little evidence of his month-old injuries. His wounds had been, for the most part, superficial, unlike those that had proved fatal to his confederate. Despite his advocates' best efforts, Darcy's physical condition was too hale to keep him out of the dock. From his opening salvo, the prosecutor played to both the jury and the High Court judge who had been dispatched from London specifically for this case. The older man's lean face reminded the audience of one of Wesley's more ardent preachers or maybe another of Cromwell's puritanical roundheads. Mr. Justice Wilson seemed a man who found nothing endearing in the antics of wealthy young men, especially when those hijinks threatened the hierarchical order. His grumpy responses to counsels' objections…either from the prosecution or defense…and his sonorous threats issued to the sometimes-boisterous galleries bore testament to the man's stern views of the proceedings. Darcy's personal shame had been so profound that he had refused to mount any sort of defense. His uncle's barrister made desultory attempts to cast blame upon the rake who had led astray Pemberley's heir. In florid prose, the silk sought to paint Darcy as a man sorely burdened by his father's death and the massive responsibilities his position entailed. He also expostulated that Darcy could not have injured Tomkins if he had been allowed to continue unimpeded down the High Street. The fault lay with Wickham, a man known for reckless and less-than-savory behavior. If Wickham had not been racing Darcy's curricle, there would have been no accident, no maiming, and no death. But Charlie Tomkins, his truncated stumps drawing every eye, sat in his bath chair off the well of the court. His wife and children occupied the gallery's front bench and faced the jury. Of Wickham, there was nothing. He was dead. The King's Counsel, himself a veteran of Lincoln's Inn's wars, knew his craft. He chose to highlight Darcy's solitary drinking rather than the more benign—if one could suggest an innocent motive to inebriation—sharing of bottles with Wickham. Pemberley's highly-respected housekeeper, Mrs. Adelaide Reynolds, supplied the coup de grace on that charge when she testified to the fact that her staff daily disposed of several empty brandy bottles found in the Master's chambers, his study, the parlors, and the library. Holding the courtroom in the palm of his hand, the prosecutor then threw red meat in front of the jury. He called the shire's First Coroner to testify. The man, Devonshire's own physician, much to the spectators' glee, had described in vivid detail the grievous violation of the person of Mr. George P. Wickham by both the carriage wreckage and the hardpan surface of Lambton's High Street. According to his autopsy's conclusion, Wickham had already been dead before his neck had been snapped. The doctor had counted six piercing wounds in the man's torso where three large splinters had transfixed him. One had severed his spine while another had punctured his heart. Spinning away from the gruesome to the poignantly obvious. The prosecutor called the Earl of Matlock to the stand. Darcy's uncle, usually an outgoing man, looked positively dyspeptic. Justice Wilson frequently had to intercede in counsel's questioning to draw out the reticent aristocrat. Prompted and prodded by Wilson, the Earl added another black mark against Darcy: the fact that the Fitzwilliams had intervened to protect Georgiana from his descent into an alcoholic stupor. The defense capitulated at that point. Calling no witnesses, Darcy's barrister meekly highlighted that Tomkins had not perished in the wreck. The jury, all property owners themselves found that to be a saving grace: more palatable than the stark accusation that the Master of Pemberley would have been a would-be murderer but for Fate's intervention. So, not homicide, but rather grievous bodily harm. A mere footnote in the verdict was his acquittal in Wickham's death. His conviction in Tomkins' crippling transfixed the crowd. What came next, though, caused that action to pale by comparison. While the Earl could not protect his nephew from condemnation, he did exercise his connections to convince the Red Judge overseeing the Assizes to exercise discretion in sentencing. While many worried that such advice might be construed as interfering with a judge's prerogatives, Wilson was acknowledged to be a fair man. To their everlasting tribute, Matlock and his friends did not seek leniency but rather suggested both reparation as well as some form of servitude. That settled Wilson's choler before it began to rise. Mr. Justice Wilson leaned across the bench, his sky-blue eyes piecing Darcy's breast in ill-concealed fury. "You, Fitzwilliam Darcy, in your indifference, have squandered the patrimonial goodwill earned over so many years by your much-beloved father. You mother, my family's dear friend, would have been sorely pained to see the depths to which her son has fallen. "You, sir, know better…or so I thought. I never expected to have a Darcy before me, much less one found guilty of the crimes which a Derbyshire jury have judged you to be. "It has been your good fortune that Mr. Tomkins survived the affray. "However, that is the only mitigating factor which I can lay to your account, for even though it was your confederate's carriage that injured Tomkins, none of this would have happened if you had kept the stopper in the brandy flask and had not debased yourself. "I have been petitioned, particularly by your relations for whom I hold the highest regard, to show some modicum of mercy given your aggrieved circumstances. Their arguments have been persuasive. "I find myself agreeing that dispatching you to Botany Bay would not serve the interests of the Crown." The very air in the chamber shivered as the audience thought it sniffed one of the betters preparing to let another off-the-hook. Wilson nipped that disquiet in the bud. Flashing a quelling glare over the galleries, he continued, "I also find, however, that I must make an example of you to remind other young men that privilege cannot protect them from justice. Remember that we are fighting a war because the damned French Aristocrats refused to recognize that riding roughshod over their peoples' crops and homes was a sure path to revolution." The judge paused, adjusted his scarlet robe, and straightened behind his bench. "I will first address compensation for those you have harmed: Mr. Charles Tomkins and his family. "Fitzwilliam Darcy…I fine you £10,000 pounds to be placed in a trust administered by Baron Rothchild's bank in the City for the care of Mr. Charles Tomkins, his wife, and their children." The crowd murmured knowing as it did that the best way to hurt a rich man was to attack his purse. "However, your crime rises from that notion that because you won the birth lottery you were better than those beneath you. I know that you parents taught you better than that. However, you allowed your wealth and pride to overwhelm those lessons. "Thus, I am resolved to bring good from this terrible situation by proving that any Englishman can rise from his station if given a fair opportunity. "I cannot strip you of your title to Pemberley's lands. That was granted to the Darcys in perpetuity by monarchs centuries ago. Only His Majesty can rescind that grant. I am not remotely suggesting that I would beggar your sister or, for that matter, you, by petitioning the Lord Chancellor. "However, I can force you to relinquish property that was purchased by your forebearers. "Thus, in addition to the fine, I am ordering that you, through your solicitors, transfer the Derbyshire estate known as Hedgebrook to the ownership of Mr. Charles Tomkins." Wilson turned on his bench and addressed Tomkins, "Mr. Tomkins, this next is not intended to be any reflection upon you, however I am aware that you have spent your life as farmer, sailor, and, only in recent months, business owner. I fear that managing an estate will be beyond your capabilities. Most men of my acquaintance take years to learn the operation of a large agricultural enterprise with several tenant farms. Thus, I will be adding several conditions to this settlement. "First, Fitzwilliam Darcy will deposit a further £2,100 into Baron Rothchild's bank for the employment of a competent steward for the next seven years. I would expect that the Earl of Matlock, Lord Fitzwilliam, would interview the current steward who had been hired by the late Mr. George Darcy to ascertain if he is the type of man who would be useful to a novice landowner such as yourself, Mr. Tomkins." Tomkins dipped his head and said, "M' Lord, whut'ere you think best." The judge continued, "I am also designating the Earl of Matlock as a supervising trustee of Hedgebrook to assist you in your dealings with your land steward. This will be complicated by Lord Fitzwilliam's responsibilities to the state. Likewise, he now also must assume the guardianship of the minor Miss Darcy which he will share with his second son, Major Fitzwilliam. That is a situation I will address in a moment. "However, I expect the Earl to soldier on. "If this bequest is to serve to elevate the Tomkins family in perpetuity, the next generation must be trained to assume the helm, if I may be permitted a nautical term, Mr. Tomkins. Your eldest son is now your heir. As of this moment, Hedgebrook is worth some £1,500-a-year. That is a significant figure, one that will promote your family into the minor gentry. Given the rising cost of grain and the need to feed our military, I can foresee even more income. "Your son must be educated, Mr. Tomkins, so that he can assume his rightful place amongst the area's landowners. "Thus, I am laying one more task upon the shoulders of Lord Matlock. "Take the Tomkins boy under your wing, my Lord. Educate him. Our Dissenter friends have established several schools where their children, so foolishly barred from our public schools, are learning the skills they need to move our country into this new century. The inmates of these institutions will not scorn young Tomkins' roots for their own are equally as humble. "These schools also hew closely to the morals followed by the Wesleys. That will only be to the young man's benefit as he may not fall prey to the baser impulses of today's younger members of the ton: gambling, whoremongering, and other rakish and rattling behavior. "Lord Fitzwilliam, I will expect you to pay for the young man's education from Pemberley's resources, for you will be responsible for the administration of that estate whilst your nephew is paying his debt to our society. You will also stand as in loco parentis alongside Mr. and Mrs. Tomkins. "A dowry for the young Miss Tomkinses also would be useful." Matlock dipped his head. Wilson now focused his attention on the prisoner standing before him. "Darcy, I have not forgotten you. Have you anything to say before I pronounce the balance of your sentence?" Darcy bestirred himself from the trance which had held him captive over the past two days. His shoulders squared and his chin lifted. "Only that I do regret the shame I have brought upon my family and the pain I have visited upon the Tomkinses," he croaked, "Would that I could make this Fitzwilliam Darcy disappear from the face of the Earth. The dishonor is unbearable, My Lord. "I make no other appeal for mercy as I cannot see how it is deserved." A hush dampened the chamber. The crowd had expected that the rich man's son would make one last effort to wriggle out of punishment. A flicker of sadness crossed Wilson's face to be quickly replaced by a stony visage, one which had sent hundreds to the gallows over the years. His manner hardened as he began, "Fitzwilliam Darcy, I sentence you to a term of seven years internal transportation. You will relinquish your guardianship over the minor girl, Georgiana Darcy. Your co-guardian, Major Richard Fitzwilliam and his father, Reginald Fitzwilliam, Earl of Matlock, will assume your responsibilities over Miss Darcy and the estate for the duration of your sentence. Your rights will revert to you upon the completion of your punishment. If you do not survive your term, Richard Fitzwilliam will become de facto proprietor of Pemberley until Georgiana Darcy marries and her eldest son attains his majority. "Miss Darcy will be considered a femme sole to prevent her spouse from ever assuming ownership of the estate. At the most, the dowry established by her father will pass into her husband's control. Task whatever legal scribblers you will, Matlock, to ensure this is memorialized before the festive season. "In addition, Major Richard Fitzwilliam will resign his commission in His Majesty's Army to assume proprietorship of the estate known as Pemberley. He will be responsible for all decision concerning the property and its wealth. "You, Fitzwilliam Darcy, will be taken from this place and turned over to a penal labor contractor. He will decide your final fate, its only limitations to be that you will not be removed from Great Britain nor will you be allowed the freedom of joining either military branch. That is a sentence I reserve for others who have not thrown their honor into the gutter. How and where you work off your sentence will be of no concern to this court. "The only knowledge this court and your family will have of you will be an annual report from the solicitors Wilson and Hunters who will advise if you live or not. "Per your request, you will no longer be known by your birth name. Rather, you will be granted the liberty to select a suitable alias that will be the only legal record of your existence. You will live under this name and, if God wills it, you will die under it. "During the course of your servitude, you may not reveal your true identity to anyone to gain preference or sympathy. Do that and you will be transported to Botany Bay to rot. You will, in addition, forfeit all rights to Pemberley: those will devolve unto your sister and her sons. "As of this moment, the man known as Fitzwilliam Darcy will cease to exist. His name will not be known to any. I would urge you to take the next seven years to consider what sort of man will rise from the ashes of your old self."
Chapter IV St. Albans Road near Meryton, August 15, 1811 The inside of the stolid-looking carriage had assumed furnace-like qualities with the windows pulled up against the clouds of dried manure and powdered clay kicked up by the eight hooves of the team straining into leather harnesses. The panes, though, did little to keep the dust at bay. The old wood frames rattled in the tracks and allowed in countless specks and grains while not promoting any airflow that would relieve the unbearable heat that sought to stifle the coach's three occupants. The ladies, for such they were, had divested themselves of bonnets, pelisses, and gloves to avoid a portion of the invisible Hades within which they traveled. The elder was furiously fanning herself as beads of sweat speckled her brow. The two younger women leaning back against the worn squabs had simply ceased moving in the belief that immobility might be a better course of action rather than flapping about like their mother. Rather, eyes closed, they held handkerchiefs over their noses and mouths seeking to filter out the worst of motes that hazed the cabin's interior. "Oh, my Lord," Fanny Bennet wailed, "when your Father agreed that we should carry my sister to St. Albans to join your uncle whilst he is trying cases at the Assizes, I had no idea that Beelzebub himself would adjust the temperature to his liking!" Elizabeth cracked her lids and glanced sideways at Mary who sat stock-still, damp ringlets of light brown hair plastered to her forehead. Mary's eyes were closed, and her face was flushed. As Lizzy watched, a rivulet freed itself from the near-invisible down on her younger sister's cheek and raced down her neck to hide itself beneath her gown's collar. She also caught movement beneath Mary's right eyelid that told her that Mary had heard her mother and was rolling her eyes. 'Tis so hot that even my ever-proper sister has undone her collar's fastenings…at least the top one…to search for some relief. I ought to feel some guilt at having caused Mama to drag Mary from her pianoforte. As far as Lizzy was concerned, a trip to St. Albans or not was of no consequence. Over the course of several earlier expeditions to the cathedral town, Lizzy never had discovered how its shops were more fashionable or offered a selection more to her taste than Meryton's draper, milliner, and haberdasher. Yet, for Mama, any mercantile found further than five miles from Longbourn secreted the treasures of the world just waiting for Fanny Bennet to sweep away the dunes that had drifted over them. However, once her mother began leveraging her aunt's need as a pretext for another assault on St. Albans' stores… Why, Mr. Bennet, should my sister be forced to ride post from Meryton to St. Albans when we possess a perfectly serviceable, while somewhat outdated, coach is beyond my comprehension… As are many items in this world, my dear, growled Mr. Bennet… Lizzy rapidly concluded that she would be dragooned as an unwilling accomplice. Mama's companion would be thoroughly ignored on the outbound journey: juicy gossip between Gardiner girls replacing sensible conversation. The return trip would have been another matter entirely once Mrs. Philips had been deposited with her husband. Mrs. Bennet would require an audience. Her effusions about the fashions of the shire's capital would have to be met with suitable affirmation. No conversation would be required, just a listening ear. This, though, was a labor worthy of Hercules if undertaken alone. Lydia was off in Brighton with the Forsters and, thus, unavailable. Kitty's frequent coughing, enhanced by her sulk at being denied sea bathing, disqualified her from Mama's company. The most logical acolyte would have been Jane: compliant, graceful, never-say-no Jane. Lizzy gladly would have endured Mama's company if accompanied by her elder sister. Their unspoken communication would have been amusing. However, Jane was touring the Lake District with the Gardiners. As travel plans were being finalized, Lizzy could see the writing on the wall. Thinking on her feet, she dripped a few words in her mother's ear about how Mary might be placed in front of some of the younger solicitors at Uncle Philips' St. Albans' chambers where he himself had read the law. Fanny's sudden reassessment of her middle daughter's marriage prospects earned impertinent Elizabeth a harsh glare from her younger sister. The Bennet coach rattled its way toward the first bend of the Mimram as the river wound its way through Meryton's outer reaches. Mrs. Bennet's babble receded into the background as the lady tired of her daughters' non-responses. Elizabeth focused on the verdant barley fields interspersed with leafy patches of turnips and swedes. She felt the carriage slowing as Tom Coachman pulled back on the team's heads. We must be coming up on the bridge over the Thames Canal cut. She leaned closer to the glass to catch sight of the marvel that was the dark scar slashing across the two mile-wide neck of land that jutted between the channels of the meandering stream. Work had been finished on this segment which began in the millpond behind Watson's Textiles: five manufacturing stories towering above the rude canvas shantytown that had sprung up around its feet. The masters of Meryton's four-and-twenty gentle families along with Mr. Watson and Uncle Edward Gardiner had formed the Thames-Mimram Canal Company.i Construction on the canal paralleling the Mimram, a shallow stream even in the spring, had begun in the spring of 1810 after rights-of-way had been negotiated and a bill chartering the company had been passed through a Parliament occupied with fighting the Tyrant. Both Watson and Gardiner had professed amazement that their outlay to secure a favorable vote was barely north of £1,000. The next step was to impress upon investors the lucrative nature of the enterprise. Meryton's notoriously conservative squires were swayed not by the commercial arguments posed by the two men in trade, but rather those made by Mr. Bennet. The old Cambridge don quietly suggested that the estates would enjoy expanded profits with the opening of the London market to the full output of their holdings. They, along with the owners of the grist mills that for centuries had ground the grains that sprung from the valley's rich soil, lined up in Longbourn's parlor to buy the shares that capitalized the Company. Now, eighteen months later, the venture was a daily reminder of that modernity was imposing itself on the sleepy market town. The carriage tipped upward as it rolled over the high-arch bridge across the twenty-odd feet that was to become the canal. As the coach crested the span, Lizzy looked down the watercourse's stone-lined dry bed. Her father had told her that the coffer dams guarding the Meryton and Longbourn ends of the excavation would not be breached until the lock workings had been installed. With the barrages gone, the lock vents would be opened to allow the water to fill the cut. Until that time, however, only brackish puddles that grew and shrunk in Hertfordshire's summer climes hinted at the excavation's purpose. While this portion of the canal had been completed, there was yet another mile of digging to be done before the locks could be constructed by the pool above Johnson's Granary on the far side of Longbourn's holdings. Loggers had already cleared a path through Longbourn Woods. The windfall from the timber had fueled Mama's shopping sprees throughout the summer months and had garbed both Lydia and Jane for their adventures in opposite ends of the country. Lizzy smiled as the coach rumbled along, coming closer to Longbourn's great granite gateposts. The extra cash in the form of expanded allowances also had been welcomed by the Bennet women relegated to remain in Meryton. Mary had prevailed upon the bookseller to send for a copy of Mæstro Bach's Well-Tempered Clavier.ii Kitty had assuaged some of her anger at being denied Brighton with a portable easel and a set of oil paints and brushes. Lizzy, for her part, after purchasing a pair of half-boots from Mr. Angelo, Meryton's cobbler, had added to her personal library of English poets with new, richly-bound editions of Blake, Wordsworth, and—scandalously—Byron. Mama, on one of her infrequent forays into Lizzy's bedchamber, had commented that young Miss Lizzy was going to have to choose between storing more books on the window ledge and living in a space fit only for cultivating mushrooms. When Lizzy related this bon mot to her father, the two of them shared a chuckle at Mrs. Bennet's unusual verbal cleverness. A week later, a new bookcase fashioned by Longbourn's carpenter appeared in her room. The interior of the cabin gradually assumed a red-orange hue—Kitty would call it 'titian'—as the sun began to drop closer to the ridges of the Chiltern Uplift just to the west of town. Longbourn was just ahead. The carriage veered slightly toward the other side of the road as Tom came upon a line of navvies trudging back to their barracks from their worksite where the Mimram skirted Longbourn's lands. Tired from the day-long trip and the afternoon heat, Lizzy's eyes began to drift shut as they passed by the weary men shuffling along the shoulder. She did not see their bowed backs nor the overseers on horseback who were armed with truncheons and whips. Chapter V Smith had collected young Wilson's shovel and stood at the back of the line by the pump head to rinse the mud off that tool along with his own broad-bladed mattock. Wilson, for his part, had dashed back into the shed to grab their bowls and spoons and stake out an early spot near where the turnkeys would deposit the vat of burgoo that was the daily hot meal for the 40-man levy. Smith and Wilson, like most of the men in the crew, had struck a Spartan warrior partnership where a younger man and an older combined their forces to survive their servitude as best they could. William Smith had spent the past five years laconically working anyplace where Soames' string of convict laborers had been sent. Early on he had worked on extending the jetty at Newcastle-on-Tyne to allow the Channel fleet on the northern blockade a deeper harbor when storms howled up the Channel on their way to the North Sea. Then they were sent across the country to improve the main roadway between Liverpool and Derby. That tasking was especially difficult for him. Now, however, he had been in sunnier Hertfordshire since the summer of the Year Ten. Several months ago, he had remarked to himself how January in this southernly shire felt more like October in his childhood home. The men still needed warm clothing, an indifferent prospect, but they had made quick work of the deep alluvial deposits laid down adjacent to the Mimram once the shallow frostline had been conquered. Dig they did, making the most of the eleven hours of winter's watery daylight. Then they returned to the barracks, a dilapidated barn found on the Meryton side of one of the areas larger estates, a place called Netherfield. The unremitting monotony of Smith's life had allowed his well-educated mind to examine his situation and the causes leading to it while his hands, arms, and back performed repetitive tasks: usually swinging a pickax or hefting a groaning wheelbarrow. His mind never stopped its ceaseless scanning even when the coffle was shackled together twice a day—shortly before both dawn and sunset—to march to and from confinement. He slung his tool over his shoulder and concentrated on the swaying shoulders of the man in front of him, unconsciously avoiding tripping over the chains between his ankles as they dragged in the dust. He amused himself at times, although no change in his expression betrayed any engagement with the outside world, by observing how Soames and his underlings mismanaged the workers. Smith cataloged their inability to force their chattel to work any faster than what the men wished. He listed their petty cruelties, usually no more than seeking to squeeze more work from unwilling hands. He filed imaginary reports with the managers of the Thames-Mimram Canal Company suggested alterations that would ensure increased efficiency. Smith did not, however, share his observations with anyone, having concluded early on that his status as a convict was lower even than that of field hands working on tenant farms sprinkled across the landscape. And, Thaddeus Soames clearly was not interested in completing his portion of the canal project ahead of schedule. That would have cut into the daily head bounty he received from the Company's Managing Director. Every extra week of work employing his forty convicts meant another £12 in his pocket on top of his contracted amount to excavate five miles of canal. Soames would not allow anyone to suggest the sort of improvements that would dent his expectations. And, as Smith well-knew, Soames was not above sending his bully boys out in the dark of night to cause "unfortunate" ditch collapses that set back work from time-to-time. Blame for improper shoring of the trench walls was always laid against the gang's account with one or two unfortunates, usually the smaller, weaker men, being singled out for special treatment ranging from denial of rations to flogging. Will Smith swallowed his prideful impulses at the unfairness of it all, dipped his head, and moved his barrow from cut floor to bank and back again like a metronome…and had done so for months. In the end, the agendas of both the contractor and the prisoners slowed progress south toward the Thames to a snail's pace. The chain gang—although no such tangible bonds could be permitted because of the nature of their work—had remained static with some new faces arriving and old ones departing over the years since Smith had been pulled from the Derby gaol and installed as a shell, the lowest of the low, hauling boulders from quarry wagons onto the Newcastle jetty. Eventually the fit six-footer' body hardened, calluses thickened, and newer men were assigned the most menial, mindless tasks. Through it all, he had never complained. He simply followed the overseers' orders, averted his eyes, and did the work assigned him. By two years into his term, Smith could be counted upon to make certain that the foremen understood that, with a modicum of care, the forty backs would deliver what was expected without encouragement from starters pounding weary spines.iii He used subtle suggestion rather than outspoken direction as would have been earlier his wont and place. He would undertake a task but would choreograph his movements so that his fellows began to mimic him in his efficiency. At the far end of a day, men who had been on the gang for years longer than he marveled at having a bit more energy and a little less soreness. Smith's stoic nature in the face of any challenge led Soames' men to put him in charge of drafts of new men. Yet, Smith never demanded any special preference even though his platoon usually accomplished more than others with more experienced men behind the tools and barrows. No, he did not demand new shoes. Nor did he cry out for fine jerseys and pantaloons, although old hands remembered his arrival nearly five years ago. T'was clear that luxury had likely been his expectation and due. The charity of a kindly rector's poor box was sufficient for Soames' convicts...and when it arrived, Smith was the last to go through the pile. This was not a gesture of humility but rather as if he was convinced that it was all he deserved. This man had clearly shed all his elevated antecedents and, having passed through the fires of initiation into this new world, had adapted to become kin to his confederates as if he had been born in a hovel Merseyside. Smith's speech became clipped and terse. He found as much opportunity as the others to suffer unfortunate tool breakage sufficient to be forced to leave the jobsite to retrieve another. In this manner, he had negotiated his space within the penal gang. The only noticeable difference that set him apart from the others were his eyes…ice-blue beneath near-black hair, wavy when untied, but held back in a naval club. Those orbs glinted and glittered as he watched and drank in everything, filling a soul denied the stimulation of even one book in the past several years. Only the saving grace of a vicar without living, a man whose ministry was the workers clustered in the warrens around Watson's Mill, who read the liturgy to the convicts on Sunday afternoons offered Smith the succor of the written word, the poetry of King James. Now, as the heat of the day had been broken, Smith stood holding the two tools, shuffling forward every few moments to replace those who had come closer to the water trough, its liquid clouded by gouts of muck. This was a part of the day he enjoyed. No longer was he required to meet the overseer's schedule. As close to free time as he was likely to get before Soames' people bolted the barn's doors for the night, Smith closed his eyes and tipped his head back into the setting sun. A fire charged through his entire body as if the sun's rays had entered his face and vivified every nerve that had been stunted by mindless labor. He inhaled deeply, catching the scent of lavender that had colored the air coursing over the rolling meadow that cascaded away from the barn, down a hillside, ending at a hedge. Lavender soothed away many of his concerns, still felt, if never spoken. Before the leaves had come in last Spring, Smith had seen the rambling brick manor house of a neighboring estate. A latent portion of his psyche had offered an estimate of the worth of the lands supporting: about £2,000-a-year. The glint of taxable glass bespoke of some prosperity, and well-ordered hedgerows, even observed from a distance, bespoke of an estate that had been under one family for generations. His turn at the pump finished, Smith stowed the tools in a shed and passed through the barn's double doors. His eyes adjusted to the dim light and he sighted Wilson standing near one end of the trestle table from which the stew would be served. The young fellow's narrow shoulders were hunched around his ears and his brows were tightly knit in a fierce look. He clutched their bowls to his chest. Every moment or so, Wilson drew in a great breath, puffing up like a succulent hen trying to avoid an overly-attentive rooster. The youth's ire was part of their daily ritual. He was not angry with Smith, in whose shadow Wilson avoided the depredations of other convicts who would have victimized him. Wilson assumed his fiercest mein to guard their place in line, to ensure first choice from the great vat of soup and bag of coarse dark bread. Smith would have laughed except that such jovial explosions would have led his fellow convicts to conclude that a wheel finally may have come loose behind his broad forehead. Resident snitches would have gleefully let their warders know that Smith was a candidate for Bedlam. Wilson visibly relaxed as he saw Smith moving across the packed dirt. Most of the time, Wilson reminded Smith of a nervous coney, starting at every noise. Likely his age, no more than seven-and-ten, contributed to this. Wilson was a bookish boy and looked best suited to be wearing a curate's dog-collar. If not for Smith, he may not have survived a twelve-month beneath Soames' bootheel. Wilson had had little experience before the law's grasp had gathered him in. His green nature had, according to what the boy had related when the guards had dropped him into Smith's crew, led him to fall in with a bad crowd of schoolmates. One night of debauchery at a house that featured adult entertainment brought him a-cropper. The watch had been summoned to unravel a case involving a gentleman's missing purse. That victim had been far too inebriated to recall anything beyond the fact that he had played whist with Wilson and two of the boy's comrades and had removed his purse full of coin to settle his losings as all good gentlemen do. That, he vowed, was the last time he had seen his money. When they had been searched, shillings and crowns had tumbled from the three men's pockets. "Cours'n, we had ample blunt," Wilson had explained, "The doxies don't give it for free. And, that cove was an uncommonly bad whist player. He was too embarrassed to admit that he had lost his cash to three schoolboys. He probably burned the bag and cried for the law." Unfortunately for Wilson, the other two accused were younger sons of well-known local squires. He, on the other hand, was the first in his family, a tradesman's son, to be sent for a gentleman's education. His friends quickly pointed their fingers at him as having bragged that he, like his father, specialized in sharp practices. The judge had found their families' gilt-edged submissions compelling and had dismissed all charges against the two young gentlemen. However, society demanded recompense, and justice needed to be served. Young Mr. Wilson would provide a suitable example. The King's Counsel offered a case full of inference and allusion. The jurymen were outraged at the violation of the sacred concept of private property. However, Wilson's lawyer threw enough dust and ash into their eyes. They did convict him of theft but begged His Lordship to consider his youth and unblemished record. More jingling submissions, this time of a mill's profits rather than rentish gold, were made. The local bishop wrote a letter to the Red Judge. The King's Counsel wrote another. In the end, Wilson was given a fiver. Smith elbowed his way in front of another small man without so much as a by-your-leave. This smallish prisoner, like Wilson, was holding a place for his own protector. The man gracefully accepted his demotion, or at least with little overt disquiet. The raw power of Smith's sinewy hands awed him. Himself the beneficiary of his own form of preferment, he had always chosen discretion as the most prudent survival strategy. Within minutes of the toolshed being locked, two trustees lugged a cauldron of stew into the barn. They were followed by a third bearing a canvas sack bulging with loaves of indifferent bread. The forty men shuffled past. Some preyed upon others, demanding half of their bread rations as protection taxes. Others collected debts in the form of a few spoons of stew or a corner of a loaf. Within fifteen minutes, Wilson was washing bowls and utensils out in the horse trough. Then he and Smith sauntered downhill to the privy. By the time moonlight had asserted itself above Meryton, the convicts had been counted and were locked away to doss down for ten hours before the guards would roust them out for another day in the trench. Dear Friends, I have made three postings this week to allow readers to begin to get a taste for the story, "In Plain Sight." My plan is to now offer future chapters/multiple chapters on a weekly basis. DJ i I was inspired by the great canal building efforts across Great Britain which occupied much of the 18th Century. I also considered George Washington's Pawtomac Company in 1785 to open the back country of the Ohio River Valley to the Chesapeake as a model for an effort to facilitate the transport of Watson's Mills' output to London. I estimated the width of the excavations based upon a 14-foot maximum barge width. ii The Well-Tempered Clavier, BWV 846–893, a collection of 48 preludes and fugues by Johann Sebastian Bach, published in two books (1722 and 1742). iii A starter was a length of heavy rope with one ended knotted and was popular in the Royal Navy where petty officers would employ it to whip their charges into action. The device came up 'this short' of being a punishment device. Punishment could only be meted out by the ship's Captain.
Chapter VI Longbourn Estate, Meryton, Michaelmas, 1811 Elizabeth tried to focus on something commonplace: the embroidery in her lap. However, the circumstances around her were extraordinary. She ran the risk of sticking a finger and staining the white linen which she was hemming to form a handkerchief for her father. That estimable gentleman was being accosted by his middle child on this lazy afternoon after the family had returned from services at Longbourn Chapel. What was astonishing to Lizzy was that Mary was being so adamant about something…anything…that was not her prosy judgements of her sisters or the world around her. Mary's normal response would have been to fume at her father's assumed denial rather than to push herself forward, ask, and then be refused. Her subsequent glower could have been used to heat the parlor. Now, however, Mary Amelia Bennet had something she wanted and was willing to be seen as more like Lydia than Jane to get it. She was entreating her father to allow her to forego the family's Sunday dinner this Michaelmas to accompany the worker's vicar, Edward Benton, as he ministered to the convicts domiciled in one of Netherfield's barns located in a meadow on Longbourn's boundary. That Mr. Bennet chose to debate the point with Mary was another indication that the situation unfolding in the parlor was remarkable. Her father had endured his wife's fluttering attentions for the past fortnight ever since she had learned that Netherfield Park, long vacant, had been leased to a young single gentleman, reputedly worth at least £5,000-a-year. His suitability as a potential husband could only have been elevated in the good lady's eyes if she had proof that he was also in the possession of all his teeth, hair, and limbs. Elizabeth, jaded by her mother's matchmaking efforts, had japed that his simply having but one foot out of the grave was for Mama qualification enough on top of marital and monetary status. Mrs. Bennet's nerves invariably left Mr. Bennet in short temper and unwilling to poke his nose far out of his bookroom den. What Lizzy also knew—and her mother did not—was that Papa had paid the new master a call three days ago. Mr. Bingley, or so Papa named him, was a genial fellow who looked forward to becoming part of Meryton society once his unmarried sister, who would serve as his hostess, arrived on the morrow. She would be accompanied by Bingley's married sister, a Mrs. Hurst, that lady's husband, and another, as yet unnamed, gentleman who would advise Bingley on estate management. And now Netherfield once again had become the center of conversation in Longbourn's parlor. "I am uncomfortable, Mary, to think of you stepping into that nest of criminals. Every one of those forty men have been found guilty of serious infractions. Most of them barely escaped the gallows or transportation. Your Uncle Edward tells me that each is fortunate that they came before some of our more modern legal thinkers," Mr. Bennet argued. Mary squared her shoulders and sat straighter on the sofa, her hands primly folded in her lap. She speared her father with her light brown eyes, and replied, "Papa, you are most correct, at least in the essentials. These men have broken both our laws and God's. However, we have been tasked by our Lord to bring the Word to all men, rich and poor, saint and sinner, better and lesser. We know that they are fallen now. Yet, how will they have any hope of redemption if their souls are not fed the nurturing Word? Should Mr. Benton confine his efforts to those who are already following God's precepts? Who better to hear the church's liturgy and the Gospel than these prisoners? "I would not ask this of you except that I find myself drawn to that field. Please, I beg you, Papa, allow me to join Mr. Benton as he offers these sinners succor. James Footman can be by my side to protect me. I will have something from the kitchen when I return home." Thomas Bennet closely regarded his daughter. Mary's pious nature recently had become more ardent, assuming a near-missionary fervor rather than serving as a shield against the arrows slung her way by her sisters and the broader community. He also had crossed paths with Preacher Benton and wondered if, perhaps, his most withdrawn child might have found a man who roused her female interests. He turned over her appeal in his mind. Sighing, he dipped his head and said, "Child, if you were Kitty or, Heaven forbid, Lydia, my refusal would have disturbed Tom Coachman all the way out in the stables. However, you have recently begun to exhibit your older sisters' good sense. I am inclined…" Then he stopped and looked across the room at the petite brunette assiduously paying attention to her needlework. Bennet smiled and then addressed the curious young lady, "Yes, Elizabeth, I know you can hear us. You might as well join in this conversation. "Tell me, what do you think of Mary's request?" Lizzy looked up from her sewing and set it atop her workbasket. Her sister turned from their father and awaited Lizzy's thoughts, a beseeching look shaping her claret-stained features. Elizabeth's heart went out to her. She had long styled herself as someone skilled in sketching a person's character. Although she herself had never been skewered by Cupid's tender missiles, she also thought herself a student of the emotion that had captured poets' attentions since time immemorial. Lizzy could see Mary's heart straining to escape the bounds placed upon it by her life in the middle of the Bennet harem. Her younger sister was being buffeted by her own first love. Taking an extra beat to collect her thoughts, Lizzy answered, "This could be considered an unfair question, Papa. If I were of a cynical turn of mind, I would think that you are hoping that I will offer up arguments against Mary's attendance at the services this afternoon. "However, I have been your daughter long enough," she slyly continued, "to know that you would never shirk your responsibility to protect your daughters' reputations and safety." Bennet's lips thinned at this gibe, he long had been the recipient of Lizzy's multiple entreaties to take his wife and youngest daughters in hand before their behavior ruined everyone at Longbourn. He cared little for her reminder that he was widely seen as an indolent father at best. He harrumphed and tipped his chin at her telling her with a look if not words Get on with it! We'll discuss your impertinence later. Lizzy took the hint, "What Mary is asking for is your permission to do something more than a ramble to the top of Oakham Mount. She is acting upon an impulse that has a deeper meaning than taking advantage of today's glorious weather although Mrs. Hill has been complaining about aching joints, so rain is near at hand. "While I would never have begged this for myself, I can see that this means much to Mary. For too long the currents of her serious and devout nature have been channeled through the ancient and musty pontifications of that dour Reverend Fordyce. "In Netherfield's pasture she can see the practical application of faith and worship. "Lest we forget, this is a new world, one of canals and manufactories. And, that means that religious people, be they Anglican, Dissenter, or Papist, no longer can be content to ride in their gigs out to farms scattered across the countryside. Instead, they will find their ministries deep in warrens throughout growing cities, in the mews between textile mill buildings or, as in this case, jails and prisons. "We have always known that our Mary would be the one to march into the future putting her belief in the Lord's saving grace to good use. Perhaps this would be the first step on her journey. "You, Papa, have been attentive to our education. However, this one event might illuminate more than four years at Cambridge." Another veiled shot that shamed Thomas Bennet, a man who had previously only been able to tolerate one child's presence in his bookroom. "And, I cannot imagine that you would countenance her dashing across the fields on foot, let alone unescorted. "Thus, sir, I heartily endorse Mary's application to attend the convicts' liturgy that Mr. Benton will offer this afternoon. "The man is no stranger to us. Mr. Goulding introduced him around the neighborhood when he came to town last Spring. He seems a decent and honorable man, the youngest son of a gentleman from below the New Forest. Mr. Benton must have some sort of private income for he is neither dependent upon charity nor anyone's patronage. "All my sister will require is appropriate chaperonage and transport." Bennet wryly admitted to himself that he had been counting upon Lizzy's disapproval of the scheme so that he could direct Mary's ire at her sister rather than onto his shoulders. Now that Lizzy had been too clever to fall into his poorly-laid trap, he had been fairly hoisted with his own petard. Seeking to salvage a portion of his pride from his overplayed hand, Benet sagely nodded throughout Lizzy's dissertation. However, he said nothing, made not one sound. When she had concluded, he fell into a well-practiced deep study. After a minute, he rose from his chair and made a show of turning his back to the room, to stare out one of the windows overlooking Longbourn's white and grey river stone-graveled driveway. He stood thus for a good three minutes, one fist behind his back with a thumb making a great show of worrying the forefinger. Allow them to wonder over this for a bit. I will seem to be in the throes of solving a great conundrum. When I deliver my pronouncement, they will assume that I have weighed everything. Of course, I had already decided before I threw Lizzy in front of Mary. Bennet dropped his arm to his side, exhaled a great gust, shot his cuffs, and turned to face the two expectant ladies. He spoke in a sonorous voice, "Mary, your sister speaks with great wisdom, almost worthy of Solomon…well, perhaps, Queen Judith.I find myself convinced that this would be a worthwhile effort. You have my consent to attend services. "However, I have two conditions. "The first is that I shall accompany you to the meeting. I find that I am interested in hearing Mr. Benton speak." At Mary's concerned look, Thomas quickly added, "No, my dear, I am not sizing up his wedding clothes. I do have other responsibilities as Master of Longbourn. "Back to what I was saying: James Footman will accompany you in the wagon so that you can travel directly to-and-from the meadow. "My second requirement grows from Elizabeth's thoughts about the educational nature of this venture. As I told my students at Merton College, we learn more from first-hand observation rather than reading. "While one of my girls will be doing this afternoon, another will be watching the results of her ruminations. Since you were, as you most often are, Lizzy, quite trenchant in reply to my query, you will join us in our little hijra." Chapter VII Elizabeth schooled her features into impassivity as the wagon lurched its way toward Netherfield. She reminded herself that Papa had not taken her to task after she had tweaked his nose over his treatment of her sisters. Her penance was to forgo her pre-dinner ramble up the Mount. But I will be most interested to see how Mary and this Reverend Benton react to one another. And, I have never encountered convicted prisoners. The closest I have come to one was when a magistrate's wagon stopped at the coaching inn while the warders refreshed themselves. Even then, one of them always stood guard to shoo away neighborhood children. Mr. Bennet rode alongside the drayage astride his hunter, Pompey. As the afternoon was warm, Bennet had chosen to wear his long unbleached linen greatcoat and a broad-brimmed straw hat. He had borrowed the look from his college friend, Sir Thomas Bertram, an old Sugar Islands' hand. As he bounced along in her peripheral vision, Lizzy accounted him a typical gentleman, conceited enough to affect some eccentricities to set him apart from his neighbors, but also mature enough to know a country squire's sartorial limits.Her father's petty vanities made Lizzy love him all-the-more…despite his failings. James guided the wagon toward where the hedgerow that demarked the end of Longbourn and the beginning of Netherfield abutted Longbourn Lane. Over the centuries, wagons, horses, and people had worn a track on either side of the impenetrable hawthorn as they brought supplies and labor to the estates. While gates and stiles had been cut through and over the greenery, the well-defined ways offered the smoothest path from the main road onto the adjacent lands. Longbourn's plow horses made progress, albeit slowly, toward the junction. Bennet, feeling Pompey's impatience at his stablemates' pace, rode ahead to allow the stallion to stretch his legs. By the time the wagon bearing James and the ladies had rounded the last bend before the cutoff, he had dismounted and stood talking with a man wearing a parson's black shirtfront and topcoat. The young man's pate was exposed to the heavens because he had eschewed a vicar's headgear. Lizzy apprehended a well-featured young man with medium brown locks, trimmed neatly above his ear. At the sound of the jangling harnesses, he glanced their way. Then she heard a sharp intake of breath from beneath the deep-brimmed bonnet to her right. Before Mary demurely dropped her chin breaking eye contact, Lizzy caught a delicate blush flooding up her neck and onto her cheeks. She also saw Mary's hands nervously twisting her handkerchief. Papa called on me to observe. He did not say for what I was to be looking. Now I can hold my own when Papa pulls me into the bookroom. I am certain that he will find much diversion in hearing about Mary's reaction to the sight of Mr. Benton. Bennet waved James to a halt and brought his companion up to the wagon. As he introduced his daughters to Benton, he considered Mary's reaction. What he saw, and what he would later discuss with Elizabeth, was a marked preference on her part. While he had been accused of ignoring Mary's sentiments, he had been surrounded by women for two decades. He could recognize the signs. Whether she knew it or not, Mary Bennet was in the first stages of love. And, caring father that he was, Thomas Bennet would do nothing to stand in the way of either happiness or heartbreak. In the case of the first, she would be well-situated throughout her life. If the other was to be the order-of-the-day, Mary would have her sisters to comfort her. He had already decided that he would stop being an impediment to his daughters' happiness. He always had felt rather ham-handed when dealing with his girl-children. Usually he delegated their management to their mama, but, today, he resolved to try to foster Mary's prospects with a little matchmaking of his own. Telling Mary to hand him the grey lambswool throw from beneath the bench seat, Bennet spread it in the wagon's bed. Then he suggested, as they had a schedule to keep, that Reverend Benton clamber up and ride the rest of the way to the barnyard. Then he, himself, joined the young man. Pompey had to content himself with trailing the conveyance, his reins tied to the tailgate. The two men's discussion, bits of which floated forward to Lizzy and Mary's ears, seemed to revolve around a comparison between their respective universities and how both institutions seemed to struggle with preparing men to function in the modern world. The young ladies understood that this was the type of conversation for which their father had clearly been thirsting: a meeting of minds upon the intellectual battlefield. Mary and Lizzy enjoyed the new-found animation that colored their father's rejoinders to Benton's sallies. The young vicar held his own as the wagon crested the last rise before it began to descend into the natural bowl which housed the barn and other outbuildings. The men milled about the dusty expanse stretching away from the barn. They were hemmed in by several more bearing clubs. A few additional guards stood watch from atop wagon beds. These lookouts bore muskets and shotguns. The noise level rose and fell as if it were a case clock tolling the hours: regular and frequent. Between crescendos, an animal-like moan rose to be heard by those in the approaching wagon. That groan was cut off by a whistling sound that ended in a meaty twack. Bennet jumped to his feet and peered at the sight ahead from between his daughters' shoulders. "Stop the wagon. Now," Bennet shouted. Mary and Lizzy jumped at the sound of their father's urgency. Lizzy squinted ahead, the sunlight in her eyes, and asked, "Papa, what is it? I expected them to be organized for services." Bennet replied, "I have no idea, but I do not want either of you two anywhere near whatever is happening. There are armed men. Whether there is some sort of riot or not, I cannot say. "What I can say is that this is no place for my daughters. Do not move!" At that moment, a figure in black flew past the wagon and raced toward the barn. Edward Benton knew exactly what was going on. In the months after he had been ordained, he had served as chaplain to a distant cousin, an admiral, aboard his flagship, the Bellerophon. While the ship's captain was not known as a right tartar, the infrequently-administered floggings left an impression upon the young man's consciousness. Whenever the Master at Arms let the cat out of the bag, hardened seamen shuddered in the knowledge that backs would be flensed and blood would flow. The sounds of the cat o' nine tails and the victim on the grate were unmistakable and unforgettable. And, Benton refused to allow this travesty to mar the Sabbath! As he neared the mob, he sighted the crosstrees soaring above the massed heads and shoulders. A thin man, no, a boy, really, was bound arm and leg to the wooden members, themselves a mockery of Calvary's splinter. A beefy man in a canvas apron, wielded the scourge. Nobody noticed Benton's approach, so intent were they upon the blood sport playing out in front of them. The centurion, Wadkins, hauled back his arm to deliver another stroke. Benton roared his outrage and threw himself between the descending lashes and the boy's back. The knotted leather caught the priest full across the face and laid his cheek open down to the bone. He crumbled into the dust. Wadkins growled his displeasure at his work being interrupted, stepped forward, and fired a booted foot into Benton's ribs, tossing the defenseless man a foot off the hardpan. He was setting himself for another blow when a massive left hook was delivered to his liver. Vision tunneled to a point and his legs jellied; Wadkins joined Benton in the dirt. When the thug had pulled Wilson out of their Sunday make-and-mend circle, Smith knew that the boy was condemned to provide satisfaction to the sadists in charge of the work crew. As much as he hated what was to come, Smith also realized that the sentinels had both might in the form of muskets and shotguns and right as conferred by His Majesty's courts on their side. No group of convicts could venture to defeat that combination. Rather, he would hope that Wadkins would realize that a slight fellow like Wilson could bear only a half dozen strokes rather than the traditional dozen. Soames had no problem with his employees relieving their boredom by abusing the prisoners if they could return to work the following day. He also frowned upon killing any prisoner: a death which would have to be accounted for with the local magistrate and outraged gentle sensibilities soothed in the usual—and expensive—manner. Smith had given Wilson a piece of old belt to bite down upon as the blows landed. He also had quickly traded some tobacco for a pint of home brew, half to pour down Wilson's throat, the other half to sluice over his wounds once he had been freed from his torture. His advice to the terrified fellow was to transport his mind to a happier place than the barnyard. The flogging followed the usual script with the unfortunate being dragged out of his shelter to the sounds of jeers from his mates, relieved that they were not the ones being blamed for the trench collapse. They could howl at another's pain and forget their own for a while. Smith then placed himself directly in Henry's line of sight to give him strength in his coming ordeal. Wilson fainted after the fourth stroke, sagging into his bindings. Usually the floggings halted when the victim could not appreciate his punishment. Not this time. The depravity of the fifth stroke, thus, stunned Smith, when Wadkins expertly parted the rope Wilson had been using to hold up his trousers. The blood from his shredded back trickled down to stain Wilson's grimy and tattered smallclothes. Smith snarled and charged Wadkins. To be stymied when a man Smith recognized as the prisoner's vicar diverted Wadkins' attention. Events became hazy after Smith had flattened the guard. A muslin-clad blur raced into the mews and threw herself atop the supine holy man and shrieked, "Edward, no!" A musket-butt slammed into the back of Smith's head, turning out his lights. The sound of hooves rumbled up. A large equine shadow interposed itself between the crosstrees and the crowd as Mr. Bennet, astride Pompey, circled the figures laid low. He roared, "Enough! My name is Thomas Bennet of Longbourn, and I am the magistrate in these parts. "Send a man for Soames…now! Get those prisoners back into the barn." Looking above the milling men, he called out to James who had brought the wagon forward, "Cut that poor man down. Lay him in the wagon. Take him and the ladies back to Longbourn. Send for Jones to treat his injuries. I will wait here for Master Soames." By this point, Edward had stirred and had gently disengaged himself from Mary's protective embrace. He clutched her handkerchief, bloodstained now, to his bruised and battered face. He whispered comfort to her as she wept. First he pointedly looked up at Bennet and, loath to open his heart in front of strangers, then glanced down at the crown of Mary's bonnet where it vibrated emotionally against his shoulder. When he again locked eyes with her father he pursed his lips and raised his eyebrows. His features softening, Mr. Bennet gave Benton a firm nod which told of the need for a deeper conversation to confirm that which just had passed without words. Edward clambered to his feet and then helped Mary to rise. Arm-in-arm they followed James to the back of the wagon where they helped situate young Wilson. Throughout all of this, Lizzy did not say a word. The horror of what she had just observed had rendered her immobile, knuckles whitely clutching the front lip of the wagon's bench seat. So much activity swirled in front of her eyes, yet she was unable to drink in the broader view. Rather, Elizabeth's focus encompassed only the small crowd of bodies immediately in front of her. And, only one, the tall form stretched out motionless in the dust, transfixed her.
Chapter VIII When the farm wagon had pulled up in front of Longbourn's stables, Mr. Benton, his own bleeding stanched, and James Footman had carefully lifted the beaten man from the bed and had carried him into the into Tom Coachman's cubicle. They understood that even Mr. Bennet, known for his liberal attitudes—let alone Longbourn's Mistress—would be unwilling to countenance a convict being installed in one of Longbourn's guestrooms. Mary and Elizabeth—believing that discretion was the better part of valor—had conferred and decided to tell their mother nothing until Papa had returned from Netherfield. One of the grooms had saddled Jane's mare, Titania, and flew down Longbourn Lane to return with Mr. Jones. The apothecary had poured at least a half flagon of Mr. Bennet's middling brandy onto the poor fellow's torn back, drawing a few scream from young Wilson. Rubbing an herbal salve, a proven remedy used by local healing women for centuries, onto the weeping gashes, he tasked James to clean the injuries with salt water every morning, but not to cover them with anything that might stick to the scabs. Then Jones sat Mr. Benton on a mounting block to examine his face. Mary stationed herself behind the priest, her hand possessively resting upon his right shoulder, effectively declaring herself. Her quelling glare quieted Jones when he suggested that she and her sister might wish to remove themselves while he did his work. She did not move a muscle during the procedure except to gently squeeze her hand each time Benton hissed as Jones stitched his face. Mr. Jones departed with an injunction for Benton to avoid shaving until new skin began to grow. Whether he was heard or not remained unknown because Edward was tête-à-tête with Miss Mary. Lizzy saw her sister blush, smile, and nod. The three of them later had sipped tea in the parlor with Mama until Mr. Bennet had made his way first up to his chambers to freshen and then back down Longbourn's great central staircase. Poking his head around the doorjamb, he beckoned to Benton, commanding him to repair to the bookroom for their conference. Until that moment, Mrs. Bennet had prattled on about this and that, ignoring Benton's looks at her middle daughter When her husband spoke of the need to delay dinner for perhaps thirty minutes, the good lady tipped her head to one side, a perturbed expression reshaping her features. Lizzy recollected that her mother, in that instant, reminded her of one of Sir William's retrievers debating which tasty morsel offered by the children would be snapped up first. The matron's outrage over spoiled dishes had been mollified when her husband had let slip that she should expect another mouth to feed, especially after Mr. Benton's private meeting with him. Metaphorical wedding bells clanged, and comprehension dawned. Fanny Bennet exited the room to confer with Cook about adding an extra dish or two to the meal. Her cries for Kitty to attend her—Lizzy knew that the girl would be dispatched to eavesdrop in the hallway while Mama was in the kitchen—echoed through the house. While the two young ladies waited, Lizzy begged Mary for her version of events leading up to the stand-off in Netherfield's barnyard. "You have always been one to keep your counsel, Mary," Lizzy began, "But, I cannot believe that your feelings for Mr. Benton came into full flower over the course of two hours this afternoon." Mary turned toward her elder sister until their knees almost touched before kindly replying, "I have always been the one in the middle. You had your Jane. Kitty and Lydia had each other. To whom was I to apply when exploring my feelings? Mama? Aunt Philips? "Please do not think me shrewish, Lizzy, but I have spent every day since I understood what love and marriage meant having to find my way, much like old Mr. Wheatley after he lost his sight. I was tapping my way, all alone." She chuckled and continued with an endearing grin, "I think I have done rather well for myself, no? Mr. Benton is intelligent and caring. He is, do you not agree, also easy on the eyes. While my life has not been the stuff upon which Mrs. Radcliffe declaims—yes, I have read novels—it has, none-the-less unfolded in a manner I have found welcome. "Since Edward, Mr. Benton, arrived in Meryton after Easter, I crossed paths with him several times. "Before you tweak my nose, dear sister, I was properly introduced to Mr. Benton by none other than Sir William when we chanced to be in the booksellers at the same time. You were off ensuring that Lydia did not overspend her pin money at the milliners. "Since then, I will admit, I have managed to place myself in front of him—do not look so outraged, Lizzy—usually at one of Aunt Philip's entertainments. Edward, I assure you, was there only to appeal for alms in support his small chapel by the mill before the officers had lost all of their generous inclinations at the whist tables. I also did find ways to make myself useful when Lady Lucas, Charlotte, and Maria brought clothing to the workers' encampment. "I suspect that Lady Lucas considers Mr. Benton suitable husband material, probably for Charlotte. She reminded me so of Mama when it came her probes of his antecedents. I think she is convinced that she can persuade him to pursue a more traditional path in the church, to use his family's connections, and to drop his advocacy of the workers' plight. And, like our mother, Lady Lucas does not see me as a threat to anyone's marital prospects. "You may recall when Mr. Wallace had his spell in June that Mr. Benton stood in for him at Longbourn Chapel. Until Edward led the services, I had no idea of the beauty of the liturgies for Matins, Vespers, and Compline. You may not know it, but, in spite of his enlightened social opinions, Mr. Benton is a traditionalist when it comes to the Canonical orders. That you chose to accompany me to the Chapel on those nights is something for which I will always be grateful. "Edward's devotion to the Word, to service, and to his ministry over this past summer proved to me that you could be Godly without also being a judgemental, hectoring, and disapproving harpy." Lizzy looked at Mary, pushing aside long-held prejudices, and reappraised her sister before softly saying, "Oh my…how blind I have been. You have been growing up before our very eyes. None of us noticed, so wrapped up were we in our own little worlds, that you were changing. It was Mr. Benton who was the catalyst!" "Yes, Lizzy," Mary replied, "When I listened to him speak on the verse 'Love your neighbor as yourself,' I realized that until I found a way to love myself, I could never, ever fulfil the Great Commandment.i I never could be worthy of anyone's love, let alone Edward's, until I let go my anger, forgave myself, and worked to become the best version of the woman I want to be.ii "I have spent months in self-examination." Lizzy dipped her head in shame and tears bejeweled her long lashes. Mary reached out her hand and gently caressed Lizzy's saying, "Dearest Lizzy, please do not cry. 'Tis not as if I ran around the parlor shouting my epiphany. As with all things, these deep alterations are incrementally small. I did not appear before you with my hair shorn to the skull and wearing saffron-colored robes like one of Siam's nuns. You could not have known. "But, Lizzy, some knowledge is like a thunderstroke…swift, violent, and deafening. That is what happened today. "When I saw dear Edward dive between the whip and that poor man's back, I realized that I needed to be with him. The bands that have been wound around my heart broke apart in that instant. All I knew was that if he was to be struck again, I would share the blow." Mary Bennet glowed, and Lizzy found it irresistible. Words proved insufficient in the face of such happiness. Only the deepest embrace could celebrate Mary's discovery of Nature's most wondrous gift. The increasing noise level from Papa's bookroom, accompanied by the scurrying of slippered feet as Mrs. Bennet and Kitty retreated from that bastion's doorway and into the parlor, inspired Lizzy to play Mary's lady's maid. Fichu adjusted, coiffure repaired, and cheeks pinched, Mary Bennet looked expectantly at the doorway where her—yes, her—two men were to appear. When they did, Thomas summoned Mary to join them. Mrs. Bennet bounced in her seat. She knew what was coming…one daughter comfortably situated and only four to go. The announcement made, the three other Bennet women—Kitty had joined the assembly by this time—mobbed the newly-betrothed couple, Mr. Bennet stepping back in preparation for his orderly retreat to his bookroom. At first, Edward seemed amused by how his Mary had become overcome with giggles and blushes as her Mama and sisters exulted over her new situation. Then an unaccountable disquiet trending toward outright terror began to overwhelm him when the distaff crowd began to circle and whirl around the pair reminding him of Ottoman Dervishes. He was elbowed to one side by an overheated Miss Kitty as she bobbed and weaved around Mary's bright star. An urgent throat clearing caused him to seek out the source; his future father was standing in the library's doorway waving him over. Casting a look at his fiancée who was ignorant of his existence, he made his break. Standing in the library, seeking to regain his composure, Benton nervously laughed as he looked to Mr. Bennet for solace. The older man chuckled and regarded the earnest young parson. "While I would never imagine you asking it, I would not scorn you if you begged leave to abandon Aphrodite's field," Bennet chortled, "I will admit that seeing your wide-eyed expression just now did my heart good and will warm me on many this coming winter's night. I had not thought that a man of the cloth could offer me quite so much sport. "I doubt if Oxford gave much instruction in matters of the female heart and mind. Nor did they, I would wager, provide many monographs about wedding clothes, breakfasts, or, dare I say the word, lace. "You, young sir, have embarked upon life's longest trek, one which each married man, happily or otherwise, has endured. "A good hunter can help. A city club or even a decent tavern may serve. Of course, a man in your position might not find those fitting. "Thus, I will offer you two items that will help you in your new status as my daughter's husband and my wife's son. "First, some rules to live by when you cannot escape to your study: "Rule Number One: She is most assuredly always correct in her assertions and assumptions." Bennet then fell silent and turned his back on the young man to look out the window behind the great oak worktable. Edward did not disappoint. He took the bait left dangling so enticingly in front of his eyes even though he skeptically poked it a few times before biting. He waited nearly a minute before he asked, "And the next Rule, sir? What is the second?" Mr. Bennet whirled around and with wide grin replied, "There are no other rules, boy. None! "You will learn that even a sensible woman like Mary has an irrational certitude about how a man should act even when he is enjoying the company of other gentlemen with nary a female around. And, although a pair of womanly eyes are lacking, all ladies are thoroughly convinced that their men are up to the worst sorts of shenanigans when moving outside hymenical ken. They will enforce their opinions! "And, when you find yourself alone by your lady wife's side, she will unintentionally lob a grenado into the middle of your life. She will saunter into the breakfast room or parlor wearing a day dress which you have seen three or four times before. "First, you must never suggest that the gown is not a la mode, even with Mary! A woman will read a hundred different implications into an innocent comment like that. Keep your compliments general. Say that she looks refreshed and radiant. Most ladies will let it rest at that. "If she persists and asks you what you think of the gown, flattery should work, but do not overlard the pudding! You will arouse her suspicions, and that could lead to the most dangerous question of all!" Bennet lowered his fisted hands to the desktop and rested his weight on extended arms as he speared Edward with a withering glare. "Does—this—gown—make—me—look—heavy?" "There is absolutely no correct answer to this question. Whatever your response, she always will ask her sisters or mama the same, and their reply will be the one she believes. "You must learn to affect male deafness in this, although I have become a proponent of choking on my coffee or feigning an apoplexy." Thomas began laughing at Edward's horrified look. He bade Edward to sit. The two of them quaffed a congenial port before the Master of Longbourn spoke again. "I do hope that you understand that it is an old man's place to offer sage counsel even if it is couched in satire. As with all divers matters dealing with human nature, there will be more than one nugget of truth buried therein. "Allow me to reassure you, Mary is my one daughter most unlike her Mama, although, as with Lizzy, I imagine if you scratch beneath the surface deeply enough, you will uncover bedrock laid down by my wife," Bennet stated. He continued, "I must remind you that our Mary has deep feelings. The past few hours have surely shown us that. However, as today has also revealed, she holds them tightly until she cannot. Watch her moods closely and never treat her lack of display as complacency or, worse, agreement. You would do well to rely upon her introspective nature and seek out her counsel as you move forward in this life. "Under no circumstances must you repeat my own spousal errors made over twenty years and ascribe her manners to feminine flightiness. Of all my girls, Mary, even more so than Lizzy, will rarely act without good reason. If she speaks, listen to her, debate with her, or seek to convince her to change her mind. But, do not ignore her. "Now I must turn to practicalities without japes and comedy. He flowed around the worktable and motioned Benton to sit in one of the leather-covered wingbacks near the fireplace where a coal-fed fire blazed cheerfully, cutting the late afternoon's autumn chill. He refreshed their tumblers abandoned earlier on the small table between the seats and adjacent to Lizzy's stool. Bennet continued, "You may have been surprised that I did not ask you about your financial prospects when you begged for my consent and blessing. That is because I knew then what I offer now. "You recall that Mr. Wallace is not in the best of health. After his spell—Jones did account it as a true apoplectic fit—Wallace told me that he wished to retire to Oxford where he would tutor younger sons deficient in Greek and Latin. His wife died years ago. His daughter, who keeps house for him now, would move with him. His only other child, a son, emigrated back in the Nineties. "Wallace is an old friend, first installed by my father. He does not hold with the idea of starving a curate while he makes his own way to Atropos' shears.iii I have granted him a lifetime pension in keeping with my father's promise made forty years ago. "This is a bit of a long way around for me to say that the Longbourn Chapel pulpit shortly will be vacant. There is a snug rectory attached to the sanctuary and a pretty kitchen garden. The lesser tithe is not overwhelming, but you should be able to clear about £300 a year, more than enough to keep you, Mary, and your children comfortably and allow for a cook and maid-of-all-work. "I would have you be Mr. Wallace's replacement. It is in my gift. The Bishop is fully aware of my desire to nominate you despite what he terms your egalitarian leanings." Bennet looked at him over the rim of his glass before he replied, a smile creasing his lips, "Lest you think that I am offering you some familial sinecure, know that I had planned to have you installed in Longbourn before today's events accelerated my plans. "The Bishop has already acceded to my expedited request and has approved your appointment a fortnight ago. I scanned that you could always refuse me, but I sensed that you would consent." Benton mused, talking less to Mr. Bennet and more to himself, "And, I do have my Grandfather's bequest invested in the Three Percents. That brings in another £150." Bennet looked expectantly at Edward. The preacher held him in a steady gaze, "I assume that you still hold to your commitment to allow me to continue my ministry with the mill hands." Bennet nodded. "Then, I am happy to accept! "This will give Mary the comfort of her own home yet near enough to the main house for her to be helpful with her mother and sisters as needed." "You, Edward Benton, prove yet again that are the right man for Longbourn and Meryton. Your concern for my daughter and your future parishioners does you credit and confirms my faith in you. "Of course, I did not want our little chapel to be without a shepherd for very long. I could have waited, to be sure, but events beyond our immediate sphere recently conspired to rouse me from my normal indolent posture." He turned in his chair and fished a document from his desk. Waving it in explanation, Bennet continued, "I have received a letter, an amusing missive to be sure, but one fraught with portent. "Unfortunately, as you know, Longbourn is entailed away from the female line. This correspondence is from my heir…a clergyman with a living in Kent and in the mold of the corrupt churchmen George Whitfield found so distasteful. "If he arrives here…," Bennet said as he read the letter, "tomorrow afternoon to discover a £300 vacancy 100 rods from his inheritance, he would have spent a sennight hectoring me to grant him the living. "I would rather laugh at his pretensions and pomposity than insist that we meet in the meadow for grass for breakfast after I find that I can no longer bear his imprecations. "As such, I want to have this particular cannon well-spiked." He stood and lifted a well-sealed parchment packet from a ledge beneath a bookshelf. "Please, Mr. Benton, accept your commission confirming the granting of the living. Then I suggest that you spirit your betrothed away for a refreshing stroll through Mrs. Bennet's pretty little wilderness before the good lady calls us to table." Dear Friends: As with most of my books, the first chapters offer readers insights into the nature of the characters who will be important to the larger story. Those familiar with my other variations understand that I use the characters Miss Austen created as a starting point. The Mary/Benton binary has been useful to allow me to fill in the sketch of the Elizabeth you will meet in upcoming chapters. More chapters will be posted every several days. i Matthew 22:39 and Galatians 5:14 to name two references. ii Exagoras Agapis, The Fifth Love, the one which redeems, as expounded by Mrs. F.L. Bennet in The Avenger: Thomas Bennet and a Father's Lament and Nicholas Higgins in Cinders and Smoke. iii Curates could be paid as little as £50-a-year. For more, see Maria Grace's exploration of Regency church livings. /portfolio/vicars-curates-and-church-livings/ Atropos is one of three Greek goddesses of fate and destiny. She determined the length of one's life thread. wiki/Atropos .
Dear Friends: A review asked a question about the meaning of 'grass for breakfast' found in Chapter 8. That is a phrase used by gentlemen when speaking of meeting for a duel. The encounters traditionally were set for the pre-dawn twilight hours in a meadow or commons, hence the term 'grass for breakfast.' See . Chapter IX On Oakham Mount, October 1, 1811 Usually her morning rambles settled her nerves and calmed her mind. The shocking events in front of Netherfield's barn had left Lizzy confused, anxious, and out-of-spirits. The trek up the knob did little to change her mood. Her stomach was still in knots. The sheer brutality she had witnessed was unlike any human behavior she had ever known. While she objected on principle to gentlemen treating ladies like they were a different sort of rare and fragile porcelain, Elizabeth was thankful that she had been shielded from such images for her first twenty years. Even after two days, the memory of the blood streaming down the young man's back curdled Lizzy's insides. She never would unsee the watery crimson rivulets pulsing out of the weals in time with Wilson's—they had learned his name when Soames sold his contract to Papa—beating heart. Today was the first time she had been able to undertake her traditional climb up Oakham's gentle slopes. Elizabeth used cross-country jaunts to burn off excess energy and quiet the perturbations rattling her person, something which had been more common as of late. While she never had been one to become overset by the world, her dissatisfaction with her lot in life had left a rising tide that burdened her. Perhaps she was more of her mother's daughter than she wished to admit. Lizzy had been forced to mull over Michaelmas' dreadful visions in the company of her extended family because the heavens had opened late Sunday evening shortly after Mr. Benton had bowed his way out the front door to return to his lodgings. The rumbling of thunder echoing off the Chiltern's slopes saw Mr. Bennet dashing out to the stable to order the grooms to prepare Cato. Then Bennet had vaulted into Pompey's saddle to lead Longbourn's old gelding down Longbourn Lane until reached Benton trudging along. As Papa wryly related after-the-fact, Mrs. Bennet would be insufferable if I permitted the first man to offer for Mary to succumb to a trifling cold because I was too indolent to offer him a horse. The first of Hertfordshire's autumnal downpours had consigned clan Bennet to Longbourn's warm and dry environs throughout the remainder of Sunday and the entirety of Monday. The tumult besieging her soul, thus, had been unescapable as the estate's grounds had disappeared into the deluge. Even the most ardent solace-seeker could not have braved the unremitting cloudburst. On top of that, there always had been safety in numbers which had allowed Lizzy to conceal herself behind her sisters' and mother's idiosyncrasies even in a crowded room. She could ignore or condemn their behavior as she desired. Now, however, a preternatural calm descended upon the estate. What had been the norm—a prevailing undercurrent of adolescent female emotions exacerbated by parental behavior—vanished. The continued absence of Jane and Lydia combined with Mary's and Kitty's altered conduct. This left Lizzy in an exposed position. No longer could she slide beneath the horizon. Papa had vanished, as was his usual wont, into his bookroom with the door firmly shut. Mary had undergone a miraculous transformation in a single afternoon and had kept to her chamber after Benton's departure rather than descend to torture the pianoforte. Before she slipped into the lion's den once more, Lizzy had peered around the corner of Mary's door to spy her sitting in front of the window tracing designs in the condensation while humming an unidentifiable tune. Below in the parlor, Kitty had quietly in a corner seat fiddling with her sketchbook. From time-to-time she consoled herself with envious soliloquies centered on the idea that the rains likely had washed out Lydia's plans. Mama had prattled on about weddings and lace as she began making lists of what needed to be accomplished before Mary could be successfully launched as Mrs. Benton. As the only available pair of sensible ears, Lizzy affirmed her mother's queries and exclamations with innocent mumbles and one-word responses. Her father's well-thumbed copy of Mr. Johnson's A Journey to the Western Isles of Scotland lay open but unread upon her lap while she contemplated the barnyard's events. Time, as measured by the great casement clock, moved at a Biblically-slow pace throughout the public rooms. Her nerves also were raw because she had spent all of Monday afternoon and evening avoiding the attentions of her cousin, Mr. Collins: he was the extended part of the unhappy familial assembly. Papa had given the four Bennet ladies exactly three hours-notice of his cousin's expected arrival from his parsonage in Kent. The subtext of the man's pompous missive advising of his impending visit was that he wished to mend fences by marrying one of the Bennet daughters. Insufferable man. And, he clearly knows little of proper hygiene! How any woman could bind herself to such a creature is utterly beyond my comprehension. Collins did not appear overly disappointed that Mary had been betrothed just the afternoon before. In fact, he seemed more upset to learn that Miss Mary had been affianced to a clergyman who had been gifted Longbourn's living. His contention had been that, despite the newly-established familial connection with a Bennet daughter, Mr. Benton's commission as Longbourn Chapel's rector predated the engagement and he, as Longbourn's heir, should have been consulted. Mr. Bennet had snappily rejoined that he had imagined that Collins would be willing to hire Benton as his curate to maintain the Longbourn tenancy. In his blind avarice, Collins enthusiastically agreed…and seemed aggrieved that Mr. Bennet would not immediately contact the bishop to vacate Benton's living in his favor. Bennet slammed the door on Collins' expectations saying, "I am not gone from this earth yet, Mr. Collins. Longbourn Chapel is in my gift, and I have offered it to my daughter's fiancé. I will see my girl situated and protected before, God forbid, I do pass on." William Collins, disappointed in his pecuniary designs, swiftly launched his matrimonial ones. He laid them broadly before a receptive Mrs. Bennet and a horrified Lizzy. His first candidate, Jane, was protected from the importuner by several intervening shires. Mary had been spoken for and Kitty was accounted as being too too young to meet his patroness' strict regulations for her rector's wife. Lydia's name never crossed his lips. Lizzy sensed the trap being laid for her the moment her mother began to speak of her accomplishments in a favorable light. Her wide-ranging reading habits were reduced to consulting and annotating the King James Bible. Her cross-country treks now were limited to her calls upon Longbourn and Netherfield tenants. Every sentence seemed another diagonal trench being dug toward her heart's bastion. She barely made an unscathed getaway by claiming the onset of an intolerable headache. Her allusion to further, albeit unspecified, feminine complaints silenced Collins' request for a private conference. Elizabeth had feigned restorative sleep when Mama tapped on her door before the family gathered for the evening meal. Later, Lizzy had connived with Sarah, the maid-of-all-work, to spirit a dinner tray from the kitchen up the back stairs. Tuesday had dawned clear. Heaving a great sigh of relief, Lizzy had made good her escape from the house as the sky pinked above the eastern pasture. Pacing around the meadow atop the hill, Lizzy's thoughts were turned entirely inward. She was oblivious to the brightening of the browned fields filled with unharvested grain that stretched out below her feet as dawn began to assert itself. Her hands wound around themselves, a physical manifestation of her disequilibration. Her disquiet was such that her reminiscences came in brief, somewhat disconnected bursts. How Mary must have felt to see Mr. Benton throw himself into the midst of that violent fray! What did the young man do to earn a flogging? And, why did Papa insist on bringing him to Longbourn? What did Papa say to Mr. Soames to win Wilson's transfer? Who was the man who leapt in to protect Mr. Benton? Her perambulations gradually did what the climb itself could not: layer weariness atop her worry. As the Sun's limb broke the horizon above the dark smudge that was London, Lizzy found herself sitting quietly atop the oak trunk that had served as her bench since the first time she had scaled Oakham. She folded her hands in her lap, closed her eyes, and slowed her breathing, concentrating on her other senses, focusing each to its finest point. The swish of the wind through the grasses, the scent of drying leaves, and the zephyrs kissing her flushed cheeks allowed her self to escape its ties. She became weightless in the brightening day and floated free of ruder claims upon her corporeal being. This profound awareness brought her peace. For the first time since Sunday afternoon, Elizabeth Bennet could pause and reflect upon the events of that day and the changes they had wrought in the Bennet family circle. Lizzy's reverie was not dreamlike, but rather a crystalline manifestation as she dropped through the layers of her consciousness to see and understand. She held each memory in invisible hands, turning it to understand its context and how it fit in with everything else. Cloaked in that glorious freedom of dreamtime, Lizzy envisioned herself flying above the setting that had encompassed the drama in front of the barn. Flashes of reality blended with phantasms to create a compelling and vibrant image, fraught with meaning, much like Mr. Turner's work. If only she could untangle the layers of emotion that colored all that she recalled. Some she could easily dismiss from further assessment as being patently obvious predecessors of what now existed. Elizabeth saw herself atop the wagon, hands grasping the front edge of the bench seat. She was leaning toward James to secret herself behind his protective shoulder, yet her body was taut and alert, so enthralled was she by the scene stretched out before her. Papa flew toward the mêlée astride Pompey. Reverend Benton was hidden beneath Mary's muslin skirts and broadcloth pelisse. Wilson hung limp on the crosstrees, pink serum staining his breeches. Day and nighttime visions of that other man had shaken her and disturbed her reveries as she had stared out onto Longbourn's rain-soaked lawns or tossed in her bed until she was nearly bound by the bedclothes. Something drew her mind, unbidden, toward his presence like iron filings to a lodestone. Inarticulate, inchoate feelings coursed throughout the primordial clay from which she had sprung, the very foundations that held up the edifice known as Elizabeth Rose Bennet. These wraiths called upon uncounted generations of instinct to rise into her consciousness to demand their due. The invisible cord that stretched from behind her breastbone to deep into her hips' chalice hummed its tune with each assault made by his likeness upon her core. Where the other images seemed to be mere impressions of that which had happened, his presence was undeniably crystalline and commanded her attention. In her minds eye he stood towering above the prostrate bullyboy. A picture of utter male power, he dominated the tableau, his legs spread with fisted hands on sinewy arms vee-ing away from his narrow hips. A claret-colored birthmark glowed on his right forearm where the cuff had parted after the brutal punch which had dropped the enforcer. His breath thrummed deep and regular, tenting his chemise with an undeniable power. A look of disgust reshaped his features, not in an ugly way, but rather akin to that of a man who had come upon a slimy parasite. In some unaccountable manner, Elizabeth understood that they had communed that afternoon: she on the wagon and he on the ground. Not in words, no, but rather in an exchange of energy that had fired only for a moment when he had glanced toward her. His eyes had widened in shock as the floodwaters unleashed threatened to engulf him. Only to crumble into the dust, laid low by the brutal ministrations of another warder wielding a musket. She grieved at that sudden shearing of the umbilical that had blessed her with a glimpse of what could be. No longer was she shackled by puerile visions of novelized romance. While she could not name what she had sensed in that instant, she knew that she would always seek to win it anew as the benchmark for her own happiness whenever she was tasked to measure it.
