Then, she instantly dispelled such thoughts, guilty of thinking so little of her sister.
It could just be a coincidence that his letter had shown up just the day before, right?
), but it was totally worth it!
He hadn't had his name registered for such a school; his aunt had made it abundantly clear he was to attend Stonewall High, the local comprehensive, and had reiterated many, many times how lucky he was that she was going out of her way to dye his clothes the correct color, for which he was expectedly grateful.
Petunia stood to the side, radiating clear loathing for the couple who stood in front of her, her horse like features bared in something akin to a snarl.
Harry now had names to the solitary figures that he'd unconditionally, irrevocably loved without fail despite what was being said about them.
Blinking away excess water in his eyes, he willed for a small ball of light to appear above him, grinning slightly as it did.
We did what we had to, what was best for Liam, and it's not as though we left him in an orphanage!
I'll have none of your funny business, child!"
Petunia had went to Vernon, who'd promised to protect her, and Dudley...well, truth be told, Harry rather pitied Dudley.
Head spinning in sheer bafflement and questions filling his head, Harry carried on reading, his eyebrows furrowed in thought.
He'd ran to the place where little Harry and Liam were kept, and upon seeing they were alive, well, as much as Sirius would've liked to stop and shed a few tears, offer Lily and James his- Condolences?
His heart sped up as he caught sight of the strangers… At the forefront was a handsome, dark haired man, his messy hair long and untamed, his features sharp and his warm hazel eyes wide beneath wiry spectacles.
Though his mind was not completely engrossed with the task, he knew better than to let it distract him and ruin the food.
Harry gave an apprehensive nod, shifting from foot to foot, as he himself was ready to say farewell to the blasted half-life he'd lived 'till now.
And as his Uncle brought the cane down on him countless times, bruising his bones as Harry curled into a fetal position, silent tears of pain falling down his gaunt face, whilst his Uncle listed his many faults, his cousin simultaneously eating his third breakfast, guffawing at him in sheer delight, and his aunts eyes gleaming in wicked approval...Inside, Harry felt victorious as he felt the thick letter press into him, because he knew that there would be something life changing in it, and that the Dursleys didn't know he had it, and he was going against them yet again.
"Harry, great!… Go 'n get your things, we'll be leaving soon!"
Clutching his rather meager knapsack tightly with white knuckles, Harry made his way towards the sparkly silver car that was parked in the driveway of the perfectly made lawns of the Dursley residence, courtesy of himself, naturally.
He timidly walked back to the kitchen, where Lily and James stood, almost awkwardly, as they were waiting for him.
He'd've had plenty of company, plus we didn't know that he'd be a wizard, it would've been outright cruel to raise him as the squib brother of the Boy-Who-Lived, you know it would've, I mean just look at your sister.
