RABBIT' engraved upon it.
'Come, there's no use in crying like that!'
'You're thinking about something, my dear, and that makes you forget to talk.
'I'm glad they've begun asking riddles.--I believe I can guess that,' she added aloud.
Don't go splashing paint over me like that!'
'Once upon a time there were three little sisters,' the Dormouse began in a great hurry; 'and their names were Elsie, Lacie, and Tillie; and they lived at the bottom of a well--' 'What did they live on?'
'The trial cannot proceed,' said the King in a very grave voice, 'until all the jurymen are back in their proper places--ALL,' he repeated with great emphasis, looking hard at Alice as he said do.
'Well, it's got no business there, at any rate: go and take it away!'
'I should like it very much,' said Alice, 'but I haven't been invited yet.'
'How queer it seems,' Alice said to herself, 'to be going messages for a rabbit!
This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear: she got up in great disgust, and walked off; the Dormouse fell asleep instantly, and neither of the others took the least notice of her going, though she looked back once or twice, half hoping that they would call after her: the last time she saw them, they were trying to put the Dormouse into the teapot.
'And who is Dinah, if I might venture to ask the question?'
cried Alice, quite forgetting in the flurry of the moment how large she had grown in the last few minutes, and she jumped up in such a hurry that she tipped over the jury-box with the edge of her skirt, upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads of the crowd below, and there they lay sprawling about, reminding her very much of a globe of goldfish she had accidentally upset the week before.
'Hand it over here,' said the Dodo.
'As if I would talk on such a subject!
'Oh, as to the whiting,' said the Mock Turtle, 'they--you've seen them, of course?'
'That's the most important piece of evidence we've heard yet,' said the King, rubbing his hands; 'so now let the jury--' 'If any one of them can explain it,' said Alice, (she had grown so large in the last few minutes that she wasn't a bit afraid of interrupting him,) 'I'll give him sixpence.
the King added in an offended tone, and everybody laughed, 'Let the jury consider their verdict,' the King said, for about the twentieth time that day.
'Don't you mean "purpose"?'
'I thought it would,' said the Cat, and vanished again.
She was moving them about as she spoke, but no result seemed to follow, except a little shaking among the distant green leaves.
'Now at OURS they had at the end of the bill, "French, music, AND WASHING--extra."'
'No,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice said to herself, as well as she could for sneezing.
The first witness was the Hatter.
And Alice was so much frightened that she ran off at once in the direction it pointed to, without trying to explain the mistake it had made.
'Repeat, "YOU ARE OLD, FATHER WILLIAM,"' said the Caterpillar.
Then they all crowded round her once more, while the Dodo solemnly presented the thimble, saying 'We beg your acceptance of this elegant thimble'; and, when it had finished this short speech, they all cheered.
So she set to work, and very soon finished off the cake.
She soon got it out again, and put it right; 'not that it signifies much,' she said to herself; 'I should think it would be QUITE as much use in the trial one way up as the other.'
The three soldiers wandered about for a minute or two, looking for them, and then quietly marched off after the others.
'I haven't the slightest idea,' said the Hatter.
So she began again: 'Ou est ma chatte?'
I do wonder what CAN have happened to me!
She is such a dear quiet thing,' Alice went on, half to herself, as she swam lazily about in the pool, 'and she sits purring so nicely by the fire, licking her paws and washing her face--and she is such a nice soft thing to nurse--and she's such a capital one for catching mice--oh, I beg your pardon!'
the little door was shut again, and the little golden key was lying on the glass table as before, 'and things are worse than ever,' thought the poor child, 'for I never was so small as this before, never!
'Thank you,' said Alice, 'it's very interesting.
'Right, as usual,' said the Duchess: 'what a clear way you have of putting things!'
said the Mock Turtle to the Gryphon.
As there seemed to be no chance of getting her hands up to her head, she tried to get her head down to them, and was delighted to find that her neck would bend about easily in any direction, like a serpent.
I wouldn't be in Bill's place for a good deal: this fireplace is narrow, to be sure; but I THINK I can kick a little!'
"William the Conqueror, whose cause was favoured by the pope, was soon submitted to by the English, who wanted leaders, and had been of late much accustomed to usurpation and conquest.
I almost wish I'd gone to see the Hatter instead!'
'I DON'T know,' said the Caterpillar.
The King laid his hand upon her arm, and timidly said 'Consider, my dear: she is only a child!'
asked Alice again, in a louder tone.
'Boots and shoes under the sea,' the Gryphon went on in a deep voice, 'are done with a whiting.
So she swallowed one of the cakes, and was delighted to find that she began shrinking directly.
--you advance twice--' 'Each with a lobster as a partner!'
She ate a little bit, and said anxiously to herself, 'Which way?
Alice did not much like keeping so close to her: first, because the Duchess was VERY ugly; and secondly, because she was exactly the right height to rest her chin upon Alice's shoulder, and it was an uncomfortably sharp chin.
'Just think of what work it would make with the day and night!
I suppose you'll be telling me next that you never tasted an egg!'
When the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped and looked at her, and the Queen said severely 'Who is this?'
The only things in the kitchen that did not sneeze, were the cook, and a large cat which was sitting on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear.
said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone.
After a while, finding that nothing more happened, she decided on going into the garden at once; but, alas for poor Alice!
'I can't explain MYSELF, I'm afraid, sir' said Alice, 'because I'm not myself, you see.'
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
Alice thought the whole thing very absurd, but they all looked so grave that she did not dare to laugh; and, as she could not think of anything to say, she simply bowed, and took the thimble, looking as solemn as she could.
So she began: 'O Mouse, do you know the way out of this pool?
"I'll be judge, I'll be jury," Said cunning old Fury: "I'll try the whole cause, and condemn you to death."'
So Bill's got to come down the chimney, has he?'
For some minutes the whole court was in confusion, getting the Dormouse turned out, and, by the time they had settled down again, the cook had disappeared.
'I beg your pardon,' said Alice very humbly: 'you had got to the fifth bend, I think?'
'Come, that finished the guinea-pigs!'
CHAPTER XII Alice's Evidence 'Here!'
I must have been changed for Mabel!
and read out from his book, 'Rule Forty-two.
he added, turning to the Knave.
They had not gone far before they saw the Mock Turtle in the distance, sitting sad and lonely on a little ledge of rock, and, as they came nearer, Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart would break.
Alice laughed so much at this, that she had to run back into the wood for fear of their hearing her; and when she next peeped out the Fish-Footman was gone, and the other was sitting on the ground near the door, staring stupidly up into the sky.
shouted the Queen in a voice of thunder, and people began running about in all directions, tumbling up against each other; however, they got settled down in a minute or two, and the game began.
Alice looked all round the table, but there was nothing on it but tea.
The Hatter was the only one who got any advantage from the change: and Alice was a good deal worse off than before, as the March Hare had just upset the milk-jug into his plate.
Pig and Pepper For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, and wondering what to do next, when suddenly a footman in livery came running out of the wood--(she considered him to be a footman because he was in livery: otherwise, judging by his face only, she would have called him a fish)--and rapped loudly at the door with his knuckles.
'IF I don't take this child away with me,' thought Alice, 'they're sure to kill it in a day or two: wouldn't it be murder to leave it behind?'
said the Queen, in a shrill, loud voice, and the three gardeners instantly jumped up, and began bowing to the King, the Queen, the royal children, and everybody else.
it was too late to wish that!
After these came the royal children; there were ten of them, and the little dears came jumping merrily along hand in hand, in couples: they were all ornamented with hearts.
said Five, 'and I'll tell him--it was for bringing the cook tulip-roots instead of onions.'
'Well, I never heard it before,' said the Mock Turtle; 'but it sounds uncommon nonsense.'
Just as she said this, she noticed that one of the trees had a door leading right into it.
So they couldn't get them out again.
But they HAVE their tails in their mouths; and the reason is--' here the Mock Turtle yawned and shut his eyes.--'Tell her about the reason and all that,' he said to the Gryphon.
There was a long silence after this, and Alice could only hear whispers now and then; such as, 'Sure, I don't like it, yer honour, at all, at all!'
It's by far the most confusing thing I ever heard!'
'ARE you to get in at all?'
'That I can't remember,' said the Hatter.
Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, as she went hunting about, and called out to her in an angry tone, 'Why, Mary Ann, what ARE you doing out here?
'Of course it is,' said the Duchess, who seemed ready to agree to everything that Alice said; 'there's a large mustard-mine near here.
'Now, I'll manage better this time,' she said to herself, and began by taking the little golden key, and unlocking the door that led into the garden.
'Why, SHE, of course,' said the Dodo, pointing to Alice with one finger; and the whole party at once crowded round her, calling out in a confused way, 'Prizes!
'Then the eleventh day must have been a holiday?'
'As wet as ever,' said Alice in a melancholy tone: 'it doesn't seem to dry me at all.'
'I'm a poor man,' the Hatter went on, 'and most things twinkled after that--only the March Hare said--' 'I didn't!'
and she ran with all speed back to the little door: but, alas!
The miserable Hatter dropped his teacup and bread-and-butter, and went down on one knee.
While the Duchess sang the second verse of the song, she kept tossing the baby violently up and down, and the poor little thing howled so, that Alice could hardly hear the words:-- 'I speak severely to my boy, I beat him when he sneezes; For he can thoroughly enjoy The pepper when he pleases!'
Alice thought she had never seen such a curious croquet-ground in her life; it was all ridges and furrows; the balls were live hedgehogs, the mallets live flamingoes, and the soldiers had to double themselves up and to stand on their hands and feet, to make the arches.
