Their parents grasped their little hands closer, and cried, "Thank God!
And Mr. William Power, with a gloomy brow, appeared and walked up to his place at the head of the room.
cried everybody, eagerly.
"I shall say nothing about you, I promise you," said Frederick, with a look of contempt.
The company, who were all pleased with each other, and with the gardener's good fruit, which he produced in great abundance, did not think of separating till late.
Susan sat down upon the bank in silent sorrow; her little brothers ran up to the butcher, and demanded whether he was going to DO ANY HARM to the lamb.
Dr. Johnson mentions that Addison, while under the tuition of Mr. Shaw, master of the Lichfield Grammar School, led, and successfully conducted, "a plan for BARRING OUT his master.
The baker had scarcely finished speaking when Francisco, who was standing watching at the door, exclaimed, "Here comes Piedro!
Mr. Talbot, Lord John thanks you.
Hal stepped proudly, and felt as if the eyes of the whole universe were upon his epaulettes, or upon the facings of his uniform; whilst all the time he was considered only as part of a show.
is there anything strange in that?"
The day of the florist's feast arrived, and Oakly went with his son and the fine tulip to the place of meeting.
Rory (rubbing his hands).
The poor boy had no ambition to partake the triumph; he FELL BACK as soon as he understood the meaning of the lady's words.
I suppose I'm to be given up as a ringleader.
His copies, in time, surpassed the originals, and Carlo exclaimed, with astonishment:  "Why, Francisco, what an astonishing GENIUS you have for drawing!--Absolutely you draw plans better than my father!"
Francisco's modesty and gratitude, as they were perfectly sincere, attached his friends to him most powerfully; but there was one person who regretted our hero's frequent absences from his vineyard at Resina.
Miss, a good morrow to you, ma'am.
"Dear, how savoury it smells!
You are very good, miss; very good.
"Come, let us play at something else--at threading the needle," said she, holding out her hand.
Compliance in her seemed natural and graceful; yet notwithstanding the gentleness of her temper, she was in reality more independent than Cecilia.
All were fixed in delighted attention; and when the music ceased, the silence for some moments continued.
I've got the tailor's bag full, which is three times as large as yours, and I've changed clothes with the tailor's boy; so nobody took notice of me as I came down the street."
"Should you know any one of your pieces of wood again if you were to see them?"
Townsend, delighted with the bustle, rubbed his hands, and capered about the room, whilst the preparations for the feast were hurried forward.
Your name shall not appear in it at all.
All eyes were fixed upon the wreck.
Obedience, it seems, is necessary, even from rebels to their ringleaders; not reasonable, but implicit obedience.
"What good can any lamb do?
"You are going to give information against me?
"To be sure I may, madam," said Frederick, colouring from that species of emotion which is justly called false shame, and which often conquers real shame; "to be sure, ma'am, I may do as I please."
"God bless him--that's right.
Take it; for it has made me sick, and I don't care what becomes of it."
He desires that you'll give me the guinea."
"I'm beginning to be exceeding tired or sick or something," said Hal; "and as there is a stand of coaches somewhere hereabouts, had not we better take a coach, instead of walking all the way to Bristol?"
He is a bankrupt in honesty."
"Mr. Ripley, rose-colour; helmet.
He produced a note in her own handwriting, the purport of which was to request her cousin's acceptance of "some DELICATE COLD TURKEY," and to beg she would send her, by the return of the bearer, a little of her cherry-brandy.
Enter RORY O'RYAN and another Eton lad, carrying TALBOT in a chair, followed by a crowd of Eton lads.
You have nothing to do but to make over the lease to me.
and how shall I make my appearance at the Montem, or any WARE else?
Ben asked what ACCIDENT he meant; and the lad told him that, but a few weeks ago, he had lost the sight of his eye by the stroke of a stone, which reached him as he was passing under the rocks at Clifton unluckily when the workmen were blasting.
"Your son," concluded he, "will quickly put off his dirty dress.
"Shut the gate," said Barbara, "you have no business in our garden; and as for your hen, I shall keep it; it is always flying in here, and plaguing us, and my father says it is a trespasser; and he told me I might catch it and keep it the next time it got in, and it is in now."
Now, ma'am, that lantern could not come without hands; and I could not forget about that, you know; for Franklin says, he's sure he left the lantern out."
"Did you ever try to push him back?
They crowded round Jem to hear the story.
Mr. Pembroke came; and as soon as he heard what had happened, he desired the waiter to show him to the room where his servant was at supper.
She was "delighted" they were come, and "grieved" not to see Miss Sophy along with them.
"And were these shells the cause of the tears?"
Gone!--gone, indeed, in my house!
"Nor I, either," said the time serving Fisher, sidling up to the manager, and picking the ice off a piece of plum-cake, "nor I either; I hate puns.
"Here I've made a great discovery:  I've found out in this book, little as it looks, father, a most curious way of making a fortune; and I hope it will make your fortune, father; and if you'll sit down, I'll tell it to you."
To which the carpenter readily assented, and added, that "gentlemen of spirit never looked to the EXPENSE, but always to the EFFECT."
The butcher was feeling whether the lamb was fat.
(Finsbury bows and exit.)
Farmer Price sat down in his own chair, for he could not read entirely to his satisfaction in any other, and read as follows:-- "MY WORTHY FRIEND,--I am sure you will be glad to hear that I have had good success this night.
As she was sitting at the window in the morning, exerting herself to entertain Louisa, she heard the voice of an old peddler who often used to come to the house.
"This is so like you--but I'm sorry that Miss Bab must keep your guinea-hen.
It was Saturday night when he finished, and he carried, at three journeys, his eighteen mats to his mistress' house; piled them all up in the hall, and stood with his hat off, with a look of proud humility, beside the pile, waiting for his mistress' appearance.
He went over to Archer, who, considering him as a partisan deserting from the enemy, received him with open arms, and translated his whole lesson without expressing MUCH contempt for his stupidity.
"Oh, that would not comfort me at all," said Rosamond; "besides, we are not sure that she did it, and if--"  A single knock at the door was heard at this instant.
he!--a choice electioneerer, as you say.
The boy's mad, or drunk."
You can do very well without me.
The answer which Oakly's wife brought to him was that Mr. Grant had not a raspberry-plant in the world to give him, and that if he had ever so many, he would not give one away, except to his own son.
Nor were the bumpers of port the only unlawful rewards which Felix received:  his aunt, the cook, had occasion for his assistance, and she had many delicious douceurs in her gift.
I never heard of such a thing--to make a STRONG BOX of a tobacco-box.
After a hot walk through several streets, he overtook Carlo, who had just reached the door of his own house.
I have a very good coat, and I think it would be waste."
A gloom overspread Tarlton's brow when he began to speak on the subject, and he always returned a peremptory refusal, accompanied with some such taunting expression as this--"I wish we had nothing to do with such a sneaking fellow; he'll betray us all, I see, before we have done with him."
The servant came with his mistress' compliments, to let the young ladies and Mr. Frederick know that she was waiting tea for them.
That's well done, Wheeler; fight the by-battle there with Bursal.
I hope--I am sure I never shall."
The two foremost candidates for this prize were Cecilia and Leonora.
Francisco; oh, Francisco!
I saw one hanging out of a shop the day I went last to Dunstable."
In a beautiful and retired part of England lived Mrs. Villars, a lady whose accurate understanding, benevolent heart, and steady temper peculiarly fitted her for the most difficult, as well as most important, of all occupations--the education of youth.
"But, I suppose," said Hal, with a sigh, "that Stephen mistook, when he said the young GENTLEMEN; he only wants to see Ben, I daresay; I'm sure he has no reason to want to see me."
said Mr. Case, forgetting his own principles.
If you desire me to be your manager, you shall see what a theatre I will make for you.
She saw that she gained no belief, as her character was not known to this man, or to any of those who were present.
You will carry this letter to my sister, Mrs. Churchill, in Queen's Square.
Now, brother, read the newspaper like Counsellor Puff.
And when he saw the look of delight and gratitude with which the poor boy received the clothes which Ben gave him; and when he heard the mother and children thank him, he sighed, and said, "Well, I hope mamma will give me some more pocket money soon."
"Well, that's the last thing in the world I should have expected!
The walk appeared much shorter than usual, and he was extremely sorry that Lady Diana, when they were half-way up the hill leading to Prince's Place, mounted her horse, because the road was dirty, and all the gentlemen and ladies who accompanied her followed her example.
why, what put that into your head?"
"I'm sure I can do no more than buy her another, CAN I!"
Often had she sighed to be there, and often had she revolved in her mind schemes for introducing herself to some GENTEEL neighbours, who might take her to the ball IN THEIR CARRIAGE.
"It can't be helped," said Susan, with a sigh.
"He that would live in peace and rest, Must hear, and see, and say the best."
"But, oh, brother, look at this!"
"Pugh--never mind your breath."
repeated Franklin to himself; but, looking in the butler's face, which was a deeper scarlet than usual, he judged that he was far from sober, and did not doubt but that the next morning, when he came to the use of his reason, he would be sensible of his injustice, and apologize for his box of the ear.
She came in smiling, and soon made the old woman smile, too, by praising the neatness of everything in the house.
The little town of Somerville, in Ireland, has, within these few years, assumed the neat and cheerful appearance of an English village.
Now, the message which Grant really sent about the Brobdingnag raspberries was somewhat different from that which Mr. Oakly received.
"We did not hear you call," answered one.
