Fellow, come from the throng, look vpon Caesar Caes.
Whereon old Norwey, ouercome with ioy, Giues him three thousand Crownes in Annuall Fee, And his Commission to imploy those Soldiers So leuied as before, against the Poleak: With an intreaty heerein further shewne, That it might please you to giue quiet passe Through your Dominions, for his Enterprize, On such regards of safety and allowance, As therein are set downe King.
Haile to your Lordship Ham.
Come giue vs a tast of your quality: come, a passionate speech 1.Play.
Hye you Messala, And I will seeke for Pindarus the while: Why did'st thou send me forth braue Cassius?
Nature is fine in Loue, and where 'tis fine, It sends some precious instance of it selfe After the thing it loues Ophe.
Very like, very like: staid it long?
Run bare-foot vp and downe, Threatning the flame With Bisson Rheume: A clout about that head, Where late the Diadem stood, and for a Robe About her lanke and all ore-teamed Loines, A blanket in th' Alarum of feare caught vp.
Take you me for a Spundge, my Lord?
Therefore our sometimes Sister, now our Queene, Th' imperiall Ioyntresse of this warlike State, Haue we, as 'twere, with a defeated ioy, With one Auspicious, and one Dropping eye, With mirth in Funerall, and with Dirge in Marriage, In equall Scale weighing Delight and Dole Taken to Wife; nor haue we heerein barr'd Your better Wisedomes, which haue freely gone With this affaire along, for all our Thankes.
O my Propheticke soule: mine Vncle?
That you must teach me: but let mee coniure you by the rights of our fellowship, by the consonancy of our youth, by the Obligation of our euer-preserued loue, and by what more deare, a better proposer could charge you withall; be euen and direct with me, whether you were sent for or no Rosin.
I thinke their Inhibition comes by the meanes of the late Innouation?
It beckons you to goe away with it, As if it some impartment did desire To you alone Mar.
We pray you throw to earth This vnpreuayling woe, and thinke of vs As of a Father; For let the world take note, You are the most immediate to our Throne, And with no lesse Nobility of Loue, Then that which deerest Father beares his Sonne, Do I impart towards you.
Ile play this bout first, set by a-while.
I onely speake right on: I tell you that, which you your selues do know, Shew you sweet Caesars wounds, poor poor dum mouths And bid them speake for me: But were I Brutus, And Brutus Antony, there were an Antony Would ruffle vp your Spirits, and put a Tongue In euery Wound of Caesar, that should moue The stones of Rome, to rise and Mutiny All.
They were subborned, Malcolme, and Donalbaine the Kings two Sonnes Are stolne away and fled, which puts vpon them Suspition of the deed Rosse.
So is he now, in execution Of any bold, or Noble Enterprize, How-euer he puts on this tardie forme: This Rudenesse is a Sawce to his good Wit, Which giues men stomacke to disgest his words With better Appetite Brut.
But in these Cases, We still haue iudgement heere, that we but teach Bloody Instructions, which being taught, returne To plague th' Inuenter, this euen-handed Iustice Commends th' Ingredience of our poyson'd Challice To our owne lips.
With this I depart, that as I slewe my best Louer for the good of Rome, I haue the same Dagger for my selfe, when it shall please my Country to need my death All.
If I were dispos'd to stirre Your hearts and mindes to Mutiny and Rage, I should do Brutus wrong, and Cassius wrong: Who (you all know) are Honourable men.
Or, if thou hast vp-hoorded in thy life Extorted Treasure in the wombe of Earth, (For which, they say, you Spirits oft walke in death) Speake of it.
This Auarice stickes deeper: growes with more pernicious roote Then Summer-seeming Lust: and it hath bin The Sword of our slaine Kings: yet do not feare, Scotland hath Foysons, to fill vp your will Of your meere Owne.
Thinke it no more: For nature cressant does not grow alone, In thewes and Bulke: but as his Temple waxes, The inward seruice of the Minde and Soule Growes wide withall.
Now for our selfe, and for this time of meeting Thus much the businesse is.
A peeuish School-boy, worthles of such Honor Ioyn'd with a Masker, and a Reueller Ant.
Friends, Romans, Countrymen, lend me your ears: I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him: The euill that men do, liues after them, The good is oft enterred with their bones, So let it be with Caesar.
But soft, me thinkes I sent the Mornings Ayre; Briefe let me be: Sleeping within mine Orchard, My custome alwayes in the afternoone; Vpon my secure hower thy Vncle stole With iuyce of cursed Hebenon in a Violl, And in the Porches of mine eares did poure The leaperous Distilment; whose effect Holds such an enmity with bloud of Man, That swift as Quick-siluer, it courses through The naturall Gates and Allies of the body; And with a sodaine vigour it doth posset And curd, like Aygre droppings into Milke, The thin and wholsome blood: so did it mine; And a most instant Tetter bak'd about, Most Lazar-like, with vile and loathsome crust, All my smooth Body.
I am very glad to see you: good euen Sir.
My words flye vp, my thoughts remain below, Words without thoughts, neuer to Heauen go.
Thou maruell'st at my words: but hold thee still, Things bad begun, make strong themselues by ill: So prythee goe with me.
Was the Crowne offer'd him thrice?
I so, God buy'ye: Now I am alone.
It is but foolery; but it is such a kinde of gain-giuing as would perhaps trouble a woman Hor.
But as we often see against some storme, A silence in the Heauens, the Racke stand still, The bold windes speechlesse, and the Orbe below As hush as death: Anon the dreadfull Thunder Doth rend the Region.
How do'st thou Guildensterne?
Cure of that: Can'st thou not Minister to a minde diseas'd, Plucke from the Memory a rooted Sorrow, Raze out the written troubles of the Braine, And with some sweet Obliuious Antidote Cleanse the stufft bosome, of that perillous stuffe Which weighes vpon the heart?
The deepe of night is crept vpon our talke, And Nature must obey Necessitie, Which we will niggard with a little rest: There is no more to say Cassi.
Noble Banquo, That hast no lesse deseru'd, nor must be knowne No lesse to haue done so: Let me enfold thee, And hold thee to my Heart Banq.
O Cassius, you are yoaked with a Lambe That carries Anger, as the Flint beares fire, Who much inforced, shewes a hastie Sparke, And straite is cold agen Cassi.
Now o're the one halfe World Nature seemes dead, and wicked Dreames abuse The Curtain'd sleepe: Witchcraft celebrates Pale Heccats Offrings: and wither'd Murther, Alarum'd by his Centinell, the Wolfe, Whose howle's his Watch, thus with his stealthy pace, With Tarquins rauishing sides, towards his designe Moues like a Ghost.
But 'tis strange: And oftentimes, to winne vs to our harme, The Instruments of Darknesse tell vs Truths, Winne vs with honest Trifles, to betray's In deepest consequence.
Oh terrible woer, Fall ten times trebble, on that cursed head Whose wicked deed, thy most Ingenious sence Depriu'd thee of.
Mad let vs grant him then: and now remaines That we finde out the cause of this effect, Or rather say, the cause of this defect; For this effect defectiue, comes by cause, Thus it remaines, and the remainder thus.
Peace, silence, Brutus speakes 1.
Giue him his money, and these notes Reynoldo Reynol.
Since that the truest Issue of thy Throne By his owne Interdiction stands accust, And do's blaspheme his breed?
How many times shall Caesar bleed in sport, That now on Pompeyes Basis lye along, No worthier then the dust?
What diuell was't, That thus hath cousend you at hoodman-blinde?
I thanke you Gentlemen: This supernaturall solliciting Cannot be ill; cannot be good.
In my minds eye (Horatio) Hor.
For Hamlet, and the trifling of his fauours, Hold it a fashion and a toy in Bloude; A Violet in the youth of Primy Nature; Froward, not permanent; sweet not lasting The suppliance of a minute?
Peace there, heare the Noble Antony 2.
To night we hold a solemne Supper sir, And Ile request your presence Banq.
Rosincrance and Guildensterne, hold their course for England.
Feares and scruples shake vs: In the great Hand of God I stand, and thence, Against the vndivulg'd pretence, I fight Of Treasonous Mallice Macd.
The hart is sorely charg'd Gent.
We shall obey, were she ten times our Mother.
For this releefe much thankes: 'Tis bitter cold, And I am sicke at heart Barn.
Where, where Messala, doth his body lye?
But if the water come to him & drowne him; hee drownes not himselfe.
I that incestuous, that adulterate Beast With witchcraft of his wits, hath Traitorous guifts.
Come, begin, And you the Iudges beare a wary eye Ham.
Fellow, wilt thou bestow thy time with me?
the very Conueyances of his Lands will hardly lye in this Boxe; and must the Inheritor himselfe haue no more?
With all my heart, and it doth much content me To heare him so inclin'd.
Stand you directly in Antonio's way, When he doth run his course.
What, vrge you your Petitions in the street?
Enter Macbeths Wife alone with a Letter.
I haue done no more to Caesar, then you shall do to Brutus.
Me thought I heard a voyce cry, Sleep no more: Macbeth does murther Sleepe, the innocent Sleepe, Sleepe that knits vp the rauel'd Sleeue of Care, The death of each dayes Life, sore Labors Bath, Balme of hurt Mindes, great Natures second Course, Chiefe nourisher in Life's Feast Lady.
Why, because he was mad; hee shall recouer his wits there; or if he do not, it's no great matter there Ham.
Looke in the Calender, and bring me word Luc.
I feare there will a worse come in his place 4.
'Twere best not know my selfe.
That's two of his weapons; but well Osr.
But looke, Amazement on thy Mother sits; O step betweene her, and her fighting Soule, Conceit in weakest bodies, strongest workes.
Lucillius, do you the like, and let no man Come to our Tent, till we haue done our Conference.
Those of his Chamber, as it seem'd, had don't: Their Hands and Faces were all badg'd with blood, So were their Daggers, which vnwip'd, we found Vpon their Pillowes: they star'd, and were distracted, No mans Life was to be trusted with them Macb.
Let's briefely put on manly readinesse, And meet i'th' Hall together All.
Who then shall blame His pester'd Senses to recoyle, and start, When all that is within him, do's condemne It selfe, for being there Cath.
I thanke you Doctor Macd.
Fye, 'tis a fault to Heauen, A fault against the Dead, a fault to Nature, To Reason most absurd, whose common Theame Is death of Fathers, and who still hath cried, From the first Coarse, till he that dyed to day, This must be so.
You neede not tell vs, what Lord Hamlet saide, We heard it all.
Enter Brutus and Messala.
O pardon me, thou bleeding peece of Earth: That I am meeke and gentle with these Butchers.
The mighty Gods defend thee.
I am settled, and bend vp Each corporall Agent to this terrible Feat.
I, thou poore Ghost, while memory holds a seate In this distracted Globe: Remember thee?
Niggard of question, but of our demands Most free in his reply Qu.
'Faith here's an English Taylor come hither, for stealing out of a French Hose: Come in Taylor, here you may rost your Goose.
What is the cause Laertes, That thy Rebellion lookes so Gyant-like?
Come what come may, Time, and the Houre, runs through the roughest Day Banq.
I thinke it be thine indeed: for thou liest in't Clo.
I will be heere againe, euen with a thought.
A deed without a name Macb.
Oh Relation; too nice, and yet too true Malc.
Farewell to you, and you, and Volumnius.
You speake to Caska, and to such a man, That is no flearing Tell-tale.
