But there is only one thing that can make the hair on the head of Farmer Brown's boy rise, and as it isn't anger, of course it must be fear.
I'll eat you all up to the last hair on your tail!"
Blacky and Sammy Jay at once began to scream and make all the fuss they could.
Buster Bear's fishing was spoiled for that day.
He walked very softly so as not to make a sound.
No one ever likes to admit being afraid, least of all Little Joe Otter.
Besides, he didn't remember ever having known Billy to leave heads around that way.
But when his temper is aroused and gets away from him, then watch out!
You see, he knows that Shadow can go wherever he can go.
Now Farmer Brown's boy didn't know that Buster Bear had come down to the Green Forest to live.
But to have Sammy Jay call everybody within hearing to come and see him was more than he could stand.
Now if Chatterer had only known it, Buster Bear couldn't reach him way up there, because the tree was too small at the top for such a big fellow as Buster.
First had come the fright back there in the Old Pasture.
Perhaps he didn't know whose it was, and if he had he wouldn't have been afraid.
When he had first heard some one in the bushes where he had hidden his pail of berries, he had been very sure that it was one of the cows or young cattle who live in the Old Pasture during the summer.
Right then and there Buster Bear nearly had a fit.
And the worst part of it all was that all his neighbors of the Green Forest and a whole lot from the Green Meadows and the Smiling Pool were also there to see it.
He was so curious to know what it all meant that he couldn't wait another minute.
Everybody leaned forward to watch him.
Those who could climb, climbed.
said Buster in his deep, grumbly-rumbly voice.
There is something I ought to have at this time of year, and I haven't got it.
It takes a great deal to rouse his temper.
A few who could neither fly nor climb nor run fast, hid and lay shaking and trembling for fear that Buster would find them.
At first Little Joe didn't want to, but at last his curiosity got the better of his fear, and he agreed.
You see, he was jealous of Buster Bear, and at the same time he was afraid of him.
Billy Mink just had to laugh.
You're pretty smart, but there are other people who are smart too," said Buster Bear, and still chuckling, he went off to think up a plan to get the best of Little Joe Otter.
It never had happened before.
"You ought to know by this time that no good comes of stealing."
That is just how it came about that Little Joe Otter furnished Buster Bear with the best breakfast he had had for a long time.
He wouldn't have admitted that he was afraid of Buster Bear.
It seemed to him that never in all his life had he wanted berries as he did now.
Because Old Mr. Toad insists that I must write a book about his adventures, and Old Mr. Toad is such a good friend of all of us that I am going to do it.
Then he went on to another, and this was no better.
"Me," said Little Joe in a rather faint voice.
[Illustration: "You take my advice, Little Joe Otter," continued Grandfather Frog.
XVIII SOMEBODY ELSE GOES BERRYING Isn't it funny how two people will often think of the same thing at the same time, and neither one know that the other is thinking of it?
II LITTLE JOE OTTER GETS EVEN WITH BUSTER BEAR Little Joe Otter was in a terrible rage.
I'll swallow you whole, that's what I'll do.
If he runs away, I will be the first to admit that Buster Bear is as great a hero as some of you seem to think he is.
"I have an idea that something interesting may happen if Buster doesn't change his mind."
Makes my mouth water just to think of it.
If only he had known that Buster could climb a tree!
And he had a feeling that he was a great deal more likely to meet one of them in the Old Pasture than deep in the Green Forest.
Anyway, that is what he said when he told about it afterward.
Down, down, down he sailed and landed on his feet.
That is one reason that he is so often impudent and saucy.
It was the footprint of Buster Bear.
With a blow of a big paw he sent it clattering against a tree.
If you meet me at the Big Hickory-tree at sun-up to-morrow morning, and get everybody else to come that you can, perhaps I will tell you."
Then we'll see how many fish he will get!
"Ah wish Brer Bear would go up to Farmer Brown's henhouse and scare Farmer Brown's boy so that he would keep away from there.
You see, smart as he is and shrewd as he is, Blacky doesn't know anything about the meaning of duty, for he never has to work excepting to get enough to eat.
He was so still that he looked almost like the stump of an old tree.
Then he picked up one of the little heads and looked at it sharply.
This time he didn't take his eyes off it.
At least, Little Joe did.
It seemed to Buster as if everybody who lives in the Green Forest, on the Green Meadows, or around the Smiling Brook, was sitting around his hiding place, laughing and making fun of him.
"I say, let's wait and see for ourselves if it is all true."
Now having one's own way too much is a bad thing.
You see, they had all been afraid of Farmer Brown's boy for so long that they were tickled almost to pieces at the very thought of having some one in the Green Forest who could make Farmer Brown's boy feel fear as they had felt it.
He was sure that it had come from somewhere on the ground, so he peered behind bushes and peeped behind logs and stones, and then just as he had about given up hope of finding where it came from, he went around a little turn in the old cow-path, and there right in front of him was little Mr. Gartersnake, and what do you think he was doing?
He kept eating and eating and eating, and the more he ate the more he wanted.
He carried a big tin pail, and in the bottom of it, wrapped up in a piece of paper, was a lunch, for he meant to stay until he filled that pail, if it took all day.
Right in front of him was a shiny thing just full of the finest, biggest, bluest berries!
He gave one more frightened look down at those big teeth, then he shut his eyes and jumped--jumped straight out for the far-away ground.
Yes, Sir, I need a change.
cried Little Joe Otter, dancing about with excitement.
"I hope you'll always remember it."
Buster Bear tiptoed up very softly until he was right behind Little Joe Otter.
This was bad enough, but to make matters worse, just at that very minute he heard a shrill, angry voice shout, "Hi, there!
Then Little Joe gave a funny little gasp.
Blacky couldn't find a word to say.
He would grind his teeth and glare up at them, but that was all he could do.
"Can you tell me the difference between the fish that you haven't caught and the foolish green flies that I haven't caught?"
So Farmer Brown's boy made his lunch on blueberries and then rather sheepishly he started for home to tell of all the strange things that had happened to him in the Old Pasture.
XIV A SURPRISING THING HAPPENS Blacky the Crow and Sammy Jay, looking down from the top of a tall tree, held their breath.
When Farmer Brown's boy disappeared in the barn, Chatterer the Red Squirrel snickered right out loud.
But Chatterer didn't think of that.
He took that fat trout away from me and ate it just as if it belonged to him!
Then he had laughed some more, all of which goes to show how easy it is to be mistaken, and how foolish it is to laugh at things you really don't know about.
Both anger and fear make it do that.
And those who were swift of foot, ran.
Everything was still save for the laughter of the Laughing Brook.
Buster Bear _had_ come to live in the Green Forest, and Farmer Brown's boy _had_ seen his footprint.
Now here is my plan: "To-morrow morning, very early, Sammy Jay and I will make a great fuss near the edge of the Green Forest.
The truth is, he thought all the time that he was preventing Buster Bear from getting a breakfast.
But he did and was as grave and solemn as you please as he advised Little Joe always to make friends with any one who was bigger and stronger and smarter than he.
As long as he doesn't, he doesn't belong to any one.
Perhaps he wouldn't have been afraid this time if it hadn't been for the surprise of what he found.
Whenever they met one another, all they could talk about was the smartness and the greatness of Buster Bear.
Anyway, that is what his neighbors think.
Sammy Jay was screaming at the top of his lungs, as he followed Buster Bear across the Old Pasture towards the Green Forest.
He never had heard a cry just like it before.
Little Joe slipped into the water and chased all the fish out of the little pool, and stirred up the mud on the bottom so that the water was so muddy that the bottom couldn't be seen at all.
Perhaps that is what the fish thought he was, for pretty soon, two or three swam right in close to where he was sitting.
He took the pail, but he didn't mean to take it.
You see, big as he is and strong as he is, Buster Bear is very shy and bashful, and he has no desire to meet Farmer Brown, or Farmer Brown's boy, or any other of those two-legged creatures called men.
Farmer Brown's boy scowled down at them more puzzled than ever.
