Two Erin was standing still in front of a line of buildings made of grey and white bricks.
They all had three floors and a black door at the right.
It looked like a muggle neighbourhood but there was something odd about the flats.
The first block was number 11 and the second one was the number 13.
''What about number twelve?''
She asked Kingsley, who was by her side.
They had met there quite late, it was almost six o'clock and the day was horrendous compared to the previous day.
The sky was completely covered by black clouds; it was going to rain sooner or later.
''That's a good question. ''
Kingsley started to say.
''What I'm about to reveal, Erin, makes you a secondary keeper.
The number 12 of Grimmauld Place is hidden under the Fidelus charm.
This is the headquarters of the Order at the moment. ''
Erin's breathing stopped for a second.
The fidelus was an extremely difficult and powerful charm that was used to keep a location from the eyes of others, so it couldn't be found.
Now that the secret had been revealed she was also a keeper.
''How many people know about this?''
''Too many, I'm afraid.''
''Then the power of the charm will increase.
''Erin noted.
''It won't be safe for anyone if there are too many secondary keepers. ''
Kingsley turned around to look at her while he moved his head.
He seemed a bit annoyed.
''We don't have another choice.''
Then, he raised his wand and a third building appeared in the middle of the ones Erin had seen before.
They had seemed to be together but there was obviously a lot more to see.
The number 12 of Grimmauld Place was identical to the others although its facade was darker.
Erin had been staring the whole time with her mouth partially open, how powerful had the person who designed that for first time been?
Magic would never cease to impress her.
''Now that you've seen it you can go in and out on your own.
And of course, you mustn't tell anyone. ''
''Of course'' She was convinced.
''Am I going to stay here? ''
''Yes."
Erin picked up her bag from the floor and started to walk past him.
She had a lot of questions.
''Is someone living here already? ''
''You'll find out now. ''
The door opened and Erin saw a dark, large corridor.
She could only hear their steps echoing as they walked, Erin was behind Kingsley, looking at everything her eyes could reach.
There were a couple of paintings hanged and a lot of doors at one side and the other.
At the end, there was a big staircase and a frame at its right side with a curtain hiding whatever there was underneath it.
Undoubtedly, the place looked fancy but a bit strange at the same time.
Everything was decorated with carpets and tapestries; it looked nothing like her tiny flat or her parents' house.
''This looks so Slytherin. ''
Erin said when they were reaching the end of the corridor.
''That's because it belonged to a family of Slytherins.''
Erin turned around immediately, raising her head to see where the voice had come from.
It was pretty clear it hadn't been Kingsley who had spoken because the voice sounded deeper than his.
She wasn't able to recognise who the voice belonged to until she saw a tall and skinny man coming down the staircase.
His hair was long enough to reach his shoulders, he had a beard and his eyes had the same colour as his hair, she could see that.
Erin knew that face but it took her a moment to process it.
That man was Sirius Black.
It made sense she hadn't recognised him at first because he looked quite different from the pictures.
The last time Erin had seen him in the newspapers he had looked wasted away, with his eyes sunken and his skin totally pale.
However, that man walked with elegance and his eyes were shining full of life.
She had never had the chance to see him in person until that day.
''Erin, this is Sirius Black owner of this house and member of the Order. ''
Her boss introduced him.
''Sirius, this is Erin Hardy, our last incorporation. ''
Sirius finished walking down the stairs and stopped next to Erin.
She extended her hand to stretch his, as she always did when she was introduced to someone.
''Nice to meet you.''
He stretched her hand without looking away, more intensely than Erin expected.
''Nice to meet you too.''
He said in return and then looked to Kingsley.
''You didn't tell me she was that young.''
Erin blushed even though she had no reason to.
She was about to say she was there and listening as well, but Kingsley spoke first.
''Dumbledore recommended her.
She had been working for the ministry for a few years, she is a good Auror and a good girl.
She is friends with the Weasley family, we can trust her. ''
He said trying to convince Sirius.
Erin was speechless.
What had he said about Dumbledore?
''He didn't say a thing to me.''
She murmured.
''I don't doubt her skills, I respect that Dumbledore considered her right for the Order.
''Sirius clarified.
''But I don't want problems of loyalty, Kingsley.
This is my house and our only safe place.
Snape might've comprimised us already. ''
The girl felt her stomach sank and she wasn't able to look at either of them.
Did she look like a traitor?
On the one hand, she understood what Sirius was saying bearing in mind what he had been through.
Suddenly she realised something he had mentioned.
''Snape was a keeper as well. ''
She interrupted.
''Merlin's beard, how many people know?"
Sirius stared at Kingsley and even though he had look pissed, he laughed.
Erin was surprised to see him laughing like that.
''At least we agree.''
They all stopped talking and Kingsley and Erin followed Sirius to another room.
It was a big space, with a kitchen and a living room with more fancy furniture.
Erin would've been impressed if the house didn't seem so old.
She followed them without saying a word, she was still processing she was going to live with Sirius Black.
Who would've though?
''Are you willing to die to keep the secret?
''Sirius inquiered.
He stared at her, solemny.
Next to Erin, Kingsley had frozen.
''Sirius.''
He tried to say.
''No.
''He cut him off by raising his hand.
''This is between her and me.
You've chosen the person, I choose whether she joins or not.''
Erin's heart was beating so fast she thought they'd be able to hear it as well.
She understood again his suspiciousness but if he was talking about what she thought... Sirius' eyes were piercing her soul.
''Are you refering to the Unbreakable?''
When he nodded it felt to her that her whole body had been shaken.
Sirius Black had been betrayed by one of his best friends, how could he trust her if she said no?
Erin swallowed before grabbing his arm; she knew how it was done.
Both of them grabbed their arms while one of them asked the question and the other answered.
Another person had to pronounce the words.
They were three.
The situation couldn't be any better and Erin thought Sirius had it planned since the beginning.
He'd been very clever.
She took his arm and spoke, trying not to show how her lips were trembling.
Erin didn't dare to look away either.
''I'm not a Gryffindor but I can be brave.''
That sentence had become her personal motto.
She always calmed herself down by thinking about it.
Then, when Kingsley had already raised his wand with disapproval showing in his eyes, Sirius Black loosened a little and Erin's arm fell.
''I just wanted to know if you'd be willing.''
Erin sighed.
''You've passed the test so you stay.''
''Damn you, Sirius Black.''
Kingsley spoke, already smiling.
He still had his wand in his hand.
''You almost gave me a heart attack.''
''I almost had a heart attack.''
Erin added.
She had her hand on her chest.
Her heart was beating fast again.
Sirius didn't say anything else but he was also smiling a bit when he sat on an armchair next to where they were standing.
''I have two requests.
The first one: Harry's birthday.''
It was almost impossible not to see how his face lightened when mentioning his godson.
''And the second one, the following day, if this lady is a friend of the Weasley family, I believe we have a wedding to attend.''
Bill and Fleur!
She suddenly remembered the wedding.
''It'd be very nice if we could go.''
She supported the idea.
If she was going to be trapped the whole summer, at least she wanted to enjoy a happy day with her friends.
It'd be a spark of light between all the darkness.
She couldn't feel better when Kingsley fell for it.
''You can go together as long as you don't leave the house for a long time, understood?
''Three Kingsley leaved almost immediately after presentations, leaving Erin in the hall again with a rather curious Sirius Black staring at her.
''Don't you need to go and pack your things?''
''I have it all here.''
She explained showing her small purse.
''It's an extension charm, of course.
Hermione Granger taught me how to do it.''
''Hermione Granger.''
Sirius repeated while moving along the corridor.
''A smart girl.''
An uncomfortable silence followed and Erin felt awkward as she had nothing to say.
What were they supposed to do until Kingsley gave them instructions?
He must have had something for both of them.
''You can stay in any room you like, but I recommend the last one to the right on the third floor.
It's next to the bathroom and it has pretty good views.''
''Then that will do.''
She answered.
''Thank you.''
She didn't think she would like the decoration but that wasn't really important.
It was surely way bigger that the one she had at her own place.
''I let you settle down.
If you need anything look for me, and if you can't just scream.''
Erin raised her eyebrows and her lips curved up a little.
Funny.
''Okay.
See you for dinner?''
Sirius just shrugged.
''Sure.''
Having said that he left to some part of the house Erin obviously didn't know so she went upstairs looking for her new room.
Some steps cracked when Erin stepped on them, making even more evident that the house was old.
It wasn't that bad, it was definitely not falling apart, but it looked inhabited.
The corridor on the third floor was a short one, so Erin found it easy to spot the room Sirius had talked about.
It was big, as she had imagined.
There was a king-size bed with a headboard craved in wood, a chest of drawers to its right and a wardrobe bigger than she needed at the corner of the room.
In addition, there was a window to the left side and even a small bench to sit down next to it.
The room seemed gloomy but it was really pretty.
There was nothing a couple of charms and a bit of skill with colours couldn't fix.
Erin spent the rest of the evening organising her clothes in the wardrobe and putting the important things inside the drawers.
She had also taken with her a picture with her parents and some books.
That was going a good place for reading, she thought, next to the window.
Time passed so quickly that she only realised it was already dark outside when she saw lights in the street.
She then went downstairs hoping Sirius was already there.
She just wanted to spend some time with him, considering there were going to stay together.
She went to the room she had been before with Kingsley and just as she had wished, Sirius was already there.
Erin could hear another voice which she thought belonged to someone else but when she got to the living room she realised it was a house-elf.
Sirius was sitting at the head of the table, holding a newspaper between his hands.
He put it down when he saw Erin entering the room.
''Come here Kreacher. ''
He called the elf.
The creature obeyed but it walked slowly, mumbling things.
''Miss Hardy will stay in this house for some time, you will serve her as you serve me.
Or better, I hope.''
''Yes, master.''
Kreacher replied.
He turned one second to look at Erin and she saw he had blue eyes and a really pale and wrinkled face.
A chill went down her spine.
''More blood traitors in the Black's House, what would Kreacher's mistress say!''
Erin sat next to Sirius and still looked at the elf leaving to the kitchen.
She had never had a house-elf, she didn't plan to have one but if all were like that one she surely didn't want to get near one ever again.
''He is a grouchy all the time.''
Sirius told her.
''He's a bit round the bend and he barely listens to me.''
''Why is he still here, then?
If you don't mind me asking.''
''He doesn't want to leave; he has always been loyal to my family.
He is a good cook and I am a disaster with that, I assure you.''
Sirius stood up to leave his newspaper aside and made Kreacher served them dinner, then the elf left.
Erin was literally starving and looking at the dish in front of her, it looked like Sirius was right.
It smelled nice.
''Tell me, Erin.''
Sirius said once they had started eating.
''Has Kingsley told you to keep an eye on me?''
She stopped eating and took a sip of water.
That sounded stupid.
''No.''
She replied putting the glass down.
''I don't think you need a babysitter.''
Sirius smiled at it and wrinkled formed around his eyes.
Then he looked back to Erin.
''I don't think you need one either.''
He stayed silent for a moment as if he was thinking about something.
''You said you weren't in Gryffindor, was it Ravenclaw?''
Erin shook his head.
No one ever expected an Auror to be a Hufflepuff but she didn't feel offended or upset.
She was used to it.
''Actually it was Hufflepuff.
Isn't it obvious?''
She took a glance at her clothes.
She was wearing a plaid yellow and black t-shirt but she hadn't done it on purpose.
''I don't know, maybe you just liked yellow.''
Sirius added.
They kept eating in silence.
Erin was happy to be there but she felt out of place in a house that wasn't hers with someone she barely knew.
''I'm sorry for what I said earlier.''
Sirius began to speak.
Erin already knew what she was talking about.
''I wasn't going to make you swear an Unbreakable.''
''It's alright.''
Erin said with honesty.
She understood it.
She always accepted apologies and Sirius had sounded honest as well so nothing was wrong for her.
It was better to let it go and focus on what she should focus.
When they were both done, they ate the dessert: apple pie.
Erin loved anything sweet and even thought that wasn't chocolate, it was more than delicious.
Then, they sat in the living room, each one of them in the corner of a long sofa.
''So you have been an Auror for two years?''
Sirius asked.
''Almost three.''
She corrected.
''My parents almost died when I told them during sixth year I wanted to be one.
I was quite sure about it.''
Erin believed they should knew about each other so she talked to see what happened.
The best way to know someone was to be known, that's why she was saying that.
She wanted Sirius to trust her.
''They would've loved to have me at the shop one day when they retired, I'm sure of that. ''
She commented.
''My parents are herbologists, you see, but I don't really want to bore you with those stories.''
She had suddenly blushed but Sirius encouraged her to continue.
''No, it's alright.
I like to listen.''
Erin nodded.
That man had spent more than ten years at Azkaban, with no one's company.
Of course he likes to listen, you idiot, she thought.
She couldn't understand how he had managed to bare loneliness.
''They were very supportive. ''
She went on.
''That's all I can ask from them.
I know they suffer a lot because of my job and they will continue to do so.''
After Erin had said everything she felt very comfortable.
A full belly, a warm room and a bit of conversation had been just enough to calm her somehow.
''Then you can't complain.''
Sirius said.
''My mother was a pure blood supremacist who went crazy the moment she knew I had been put in Gryffindor.
The best thing that's happened to me, no doubt.''
Erin did not know a thing about that.
Actually, she didn't know much about Sirius apart from the things the newspapers published and she was aware that she couldn't trust half of what they wrote.
She kept listening, eager to know more.
''Everyone in the Black family had been in Slytherin so they didn't like it.
They didn't like anyone who opposed their ideology, anyway.''
Sirius put his head down for a moment as if the subject affected him.
Erin decided to pick up the Prophet and change the topic of the conversation.
It was better than being silent.
She looked at the cover, a full page devoted to Dumbledore with a picture in its centre.
''What are we supposed to do now?''
She asked grabbing the newspaper.
Sirius had stood up.
''Have a meeting with the whole Order to begin with.
Then we can decide.''
''Should I write them?''
''We can deal with that tomorrow.''
Sirius said, leaning against the sofa.
''Don't worry.''
Erin stood up too, she had caught the message.
She left The Prophet on the table and took a few steps to be closer to Sirius.
''I hope we can get along.''
It had been a nice dinner and a nice chat.
She was trying to do her best; loyalty and friendship were the most important thing for her.
She wanted to please Kingsley, yes, but she wanted to have a new friend too.
And Sirius?
He was someone to be admired, at least for what she knew.
''I'm sure we will.
''Four The first thing Sirius noticed about Erin Hardy was that she was an efficient witch.
He hadn't heard a thing coming from downstair and yet she had been awake for a long time when Sirius walked into the living room.
It felt weird to find her there in one of his armchairs while she worked.
When Kinglsey had told him someone would act as a spokesperson for the Order he had imagined and old Auror, bored of his job and the Ministry.
Instead, now he had a kind and polite young woman as a partner.
At least, that was all he had seen so far.
It had been a long time since Sirius had shared his house with anyone and it had been even longer since he had talked to someone he hadn't known before Azkaban.
Except for Harry's friends, of course.
Erin had her long blond hair pulled back in a bun and was holding a pen.
She had placed her papers on the table in front of her, in two piles to be exact and she was still writing.
Sirius had told her they could handle the meeting that morning but he hadn't expected her to finish so soon.
Erin was so focused on what she was doing, her green eyes jumping from page to page, that she did not notice his presence.
"Morning."
Sirius said.
Surprised, Erin had almost jumped.
"Have you had breakfast?"
"Yes."
She answered putting the pen down.
"I hope you don't mind."
Sirius shook his head.
"My house is your house."
He entered the kitchen without seeing Kreacher around though he didn't need him in that moment anyway.
A coffee was more than enough for that morning.
Had it not been for Erin not so far from him and for the promise he had made to Remus, he would've probably filled it with something else.
It was not like he was turning into an alcoholic but he did drink.
He had a godson now to take care about, a house and a whole life to enjoy but it was not easy trying to win back the twelve years he had lost.
Having Harry had helped but some days he barely felt like leaving his room.
The only thing nobody could deny was that he was trying.
Some days were better than other, he thought while he sipped his coffee.
He would try to make this a good day for everybody's sake.
He didn't want the meeting to be a complete disaster; he didn't want to worry anyone else.
Above all, he wanted to prove himself he could overcome everything he had been through.
"Is Mundungus Fletcher a member of the Order?"
He heard Erin asked.
He turned to her and nodded.
"If I am not mistaken, we investigated him for robbery."
The young woman stoop up with a paper in her hand.
Sirius knew what she was talking about and by the expression in Erin's face, she didn't trust him very much either.
She was frowning now.
"That's true."
Sirius confirmed.
"He took some things from this house."
Erin tucked a strand of hair behind her ear as she posed the list on the table where Sirius was.
"I don't get it.
Are we supposed to tell him too?"
Sirius picked up the list and looked at it.
Mundugus's name was written just like his.
"He is here."
He said pointing at his name.
"If Kingsley has made this list we should."
"It's not Kingsley's."
She corrected Sirius.
"Dumbledore did it shortly before passing away.
I think you should look at it."
Then Sirius went on to read the sheet more closely.
The first face was almost mostly composed of members of the Weasley family: Molly, Arthur, the twins, Bill and his fiancée Fleur; then there were Remus, Tonks and Alastar Moody.
On the next side it was true that Mundungus, Sirius and Erin herself appeared among others and at the end of everything Harry, Hermione and Ron.
"They are supposed to be members of the Order.
I had not looked a lot into it until I started writing the letters, for being the spokeswoman you know."
She explained.
"Do not you think there's something strange?
Sirius still had the list in his hands.
He looked back at her out of the corner of his eye, that was Dumbledore's handwriting.
The curvature of the letters and the tiny spaces between the words made it clear.
"Harry and his friends are still minors."
Sirius thought that they had not acted with the Order either before Dumbledore died.
At least officially.
"We did not accept you and Fleur until recently."
"That's true.
But I'm more worried about the fact that Dumbledore did not include himself on the list.
Snape is not there either, as if it were something he had prepared for the future."
Sirius had not realized that, it had seemed obvious to him that the professor was part of the Order because he had founded it.
In addition to being efficient, Erin also seemed very observant.
After what she had said to Sirius another thought crossed his mind.
"It's almost like he had known what was going to happen to him."
Said Sirius in a low voice, maybe not enough because Erin had listened to him.
He saw her look down, while she pressed her lips tightly.
She sighed and went back to pick up the list from the table.
"I'll send the letter to Mundungus, too, then. "
She had changed the subject completely.
"Do you think we could have the meeting is this afternoon?"
Sirius barely had to think about it.
That was very urgent, the longer it took for them to get together, the easier it would be for the Death Eaters to find them.
They had to act.
"Alright, yes."
Erin sat back in the chair while nodding her head.
Sirius watched her as she finished writing the letters and closed them, when suddenly Erin made half of them rise in the air.
With a simple wand movement and some whispered words, the letters disappeared by means of an enchantment.
"Apparition."
Sirius commented.
"Very skillful."
Erin's eyes lit up and a big smile appeared in her face.
"And very fast."
It also required a lot of concentration and precision, Sirius thought, but she had used it as if it were another simple basic enchantment.
She was an Auror and a good one.
The rest of the day went very slowly, with both of them awaiting the arrival of the rest.
Neither talked anymore about what they could have discovered about Dumbledore's death.
The first person who arrived was Remus along with Tonks, followed by Molly and Arthur Weasley.
Sirius had expected a long line of redheads at his door, but it didn't happen.
He saw a sad smile spread across Erin's face as she talked to Molly, whom she had come out to meet.
She only changed his face a little when Ron and Hermione appeared later, with Harry at their side.
Sirius also approached then, rushing to embrace his godson.
They had not seen each other since the previous September and he hadn't expected him come.
"How are you, kid?"
He asked when they separated.
Harry shrugged a little.
"Still ...
impressed."
His godfather wanted to tell him that all of them were too, that it was normal but Harry seemed so hurt, with his green eyes so muffled that he knew there had to be something else.
It was true that they had spent only the last few years together, almost four summers to be exact, but Sirius always knew when something bothered him.
He was pretty obvious with his feelings, Harry, just like his father had been.
"Harry, do you want to tell me something?"
He put a hand on his shoulder and Harry looked back at him.
"I saw everything, Sirius."
He said lowering his voice, trying not to be heard by anyone else.
"Malfoy was supposed to kill him ..." He pressed his lips together for a moment, so much that they were just a thin line.
He was trying to contain myself.
"He had to kill Dumbledore, but he could not do it.
It was Snape."
"I know, Harry."
Sirius did not let go.
"Do you want us to talk about it later?"
Harry was hurt as Sirius was.
Neither of them had ever liked Snape but it was Harry who was the most surprised.
Sirius had always believed that Snape was not to be trusted and that had confirmed it.
Besides, Sirius wanted to know everything Harry had seen to see if what he and Erin suspected could be true.
"Sure.
"Harry said trying to smile a little.
The meeting was short but intense because they had different ideas of what to do with Harry after his birthday.
They only agreed that they had to get him out of Privet Drive, send him somewhere safe, either the Burrow or right there.
In the end, they decided they would move him to the Burrow for the wedding and then he would stay at Grimmauld Place.
Another topic of discussion and even more controversial had been what to do with Hogwarts.
It was full of Death Eaters and Snape would be the new director.
This was not a safe place for children, Remus had said.
Sirius had agreed with him, knowing that if they did not go there, they would fight.
Things got worse at that moment.
Harry and his friends said they were not going to hide so they were not going to come back either.
Molly Weasley was very far from Sirius at the table but he could still see how she was frowning.
"And what are you supposed to do, fight?
You're sixteen!"
Ron was looking at Hermione out of the corner of his eye, trying not to turn to Molly.
She was probably waiting for the girl to say something reasonable to make Harry and his son come to his senses, just as she always did.
The rest of them were silent, even Sirius was.
He was almost biting his tongue because he remembered the last time he had argued with Molly.
He did not want to have any more discussions with that woman, they already had enough differences.
It was Erin, coughing a little, who interrupted the discussion.
She had barely spoken, just to introduce himself to Moody and again when McGonagall had asked her a question.
From what Sirius had seen, he had spent the entire meeting writing down what they were discussing so she could tell Kingsley.
A couple of times, when Dumbledore had been mentioned, Erin had looked at Sirius as if she expected him to say something.
It was clear that she didn't dare to say anything (because she had barely been in the Order for a day) but Sirius did not want to say anything either before talking to Harry.
Erin set her pen aside and looked at Molly, who was two seats to the right of the girl.
"They are already involved."
She said, very calm.
"All of us will be sooner or later."
Molly was watching her with her eyes widely open, Erin was not expected to contradict her, but she quickly recovered herself.
"You are involved because you are an Auror, Erin."
She answered.
"Ron hasn't even finished school and if he doesn't go Ginny won't want to go either."
Erin picked up her pen again as she bit her lip.
Then Remus spoke again, supporting her and the boys.
"We were approximately his age when we first joined the Order."
He explained.
"We need people just like we needed them the first time."
They kept arguing until Arthur said it was okay for him if that was what they wanted to do and Molly was looking daggers at him.
When everyone had left and there were only Harry, Arthur and Molly in the house, Erin called the latter before she left.
She had the impression she had disappointed her for not being on her side but she really believed that Molly was saying no for no reason.
They were no longer children and the things that had happened to them were very different from the ones that other kids their age had experienced.
The battle in the Department of the Mysteries of the previous summer was a very good example.
"Molly."
She called her to get his attention.
"I didn't mean to bother you."
"I could never get mad at you, Erin."
She answered.
"But you're angry."
Molly shook her head.
"I don't want anything to happen to any of them.
I don't want anyone to be in danger."
Erin knew how that felt, that's why she dedicated herself to what she did.
"But I guess one day I'll have to let them go. "
She added.
"You do not have to let them go, just ... give them more space."
She said, thinking about her own mother and herself.
The woman smiled a little and Erin relaxed.
Molly was like family and she didn't want it to change for a silly discussion.
"Say hi to Fred and George for me."
Said Erin.
"And to Ginny too."
Arthur and Molly left using the Flu powders and although Erin did not want to continue feeling guilty, the knot in the stomach did not disappear.
So, it's been a very long time since I uploaded.
Yep.
I don't want to make excuses but it's been a pretty crazy year for me.
I went abroad to study in England for some months, came back home, felt a rush of inspiration and started writing again.
Sadly, then my grandmother passed away a bit suddenly and I didn't feel like writing at all.
It's been better lately and I'm not going anywhere any time soon.
I also uploaded the story in Spanish twice very recently so I'll try to catch up and translate the eleven chapters of difference as soon as possible.
As you know it's a lot of work and I don't recommend you to try and read the story in Spanish with the google translator, it's shitty, trust me.
I hope you enjoy it!
JuliaFive Sometime between five and six in the morning, Erin woke up feeling startled.
She hadn't had a nightmare or anything like that, but once she woke up she wasn't able to fall sleep again.
It was very early but it was so hot that the sheets were stuck to her.
She pushed her hair back from her face and stood up to go to the bathroom.
She would go back to bed later again because she had spent the night contacting Kingsley after the meeting and she felt exhausted.
The house was in total silence.
Erin moved slowly to the door next to her room, which was the bathroom, yawning.
Her hands were already on the doorknob and she was about to enter when, to her surprise, the door opened from the other side.
She almost collided with who she thought was Sirius, until she saw that he had shorter hair and was certainly shorter and younger than him.
It could not be Sirius, as far as Erin had seen, there was a bathroom on each floor.
"Harry?"
She asked hesitantly.
The boy leaned back when he saw Erin, looking scared.
His hair was uncombed and he was not wearing his glasses.
"Merlin, Erin."
He wrinkled his nose a little, as if he could not see her properly.
"I almost forgot that you were here."
"I didn't know you had stayed either."
She defended herself.
"I had to talk to Sirius and in the end I was quite late."
Erin nodded a little.
Harry still hadn't moved from the door.
"Oh."
He said when he saw that Erin was not moving either.
"You were going to the bathroom, of course."
The two blushed, it was a somewhat embarrassing situation although it was not the first time they had both seen each other in their pajamas.
Not after all the nights they had spent at the Burrow.
"See you for your birthday, Harry."
Erin said.
"Don't get into trouble."
Harry smiled a little as he walked down the hall.
It was ironic that someone who was only a few years older than him was telling him that, but Harry liked Erin.
"Trouble usually finds me."
After that fortuitous encounter, the first week for Erin in the Black mansion passed in the blink of an eye.
She spent most of her time reading the reports she had brought about the most dangerous Death Eaters, or potential ones.
Setting patterns about their movements was essential to stop them even though she would've liked to do this more directly than dealing with paperwork.
She was almost all the time in her room and only saw Sirius while eating or once in a while in the stairs going from one floor to another.
In one of those moments, without thinking it through, she dared to ask if she could change the decoration of the room.
It didn't bother her a lot but she was going to spend so much time there ... She had thought his answer would have been bad but Sirius had laughed and told her that he hated that bloody house and that she could do anything she wanted.
Literally.
By the end of the week she was done with it.
While looking at the final result, she thought about calling Sirius.
It had been a few days since they had had a real conversation and she didn't want to look at more reports that day.
She had no idea what he could be doing at the time, if he could be busy or not but she remembered what he had mentioned once and decided to just scream and see if it worked.
"Sirius!"
She didn't have to repeat it or shout louder because she immediately heard him climbing the stairs.
When he reached the door of the room, he didn't even have to ask why she had called him.
The walls were painted in a light blue tone, the bed no longer had that bulky canopy and there were no dark-coloured carpets on the floor either.
The space seemed much bigger and brighter.
There was more life.
Sirius walked around the room looking at the shelves until he reached the window and the small seat in front of it.
He extended his arm to touch some plants that Erin had put hanging over the window; they had white and blue flowers.
"Do you like it?"
Erin asked behind him.
"I think I should reform everything."
Sirius started to say.
"And I'd let you do it."
Erin smiled although he couldn't see her.
A comforting feeling grew in her chest as she listened to his words.
Then, Sirius turned around.
"Any suggestions?"
"A couple of plants in the living room?"
Sirius sat down by the window, still looking at everything.
"Reasonable, coming from you."
He replied as he remembered that Erin's parents had a store dedicated to herbology .
"I've had some, but they always die."
"A cactus, then.
You don't really have to water them."
Erin had also sat on the edge of her bed, facing Sirius.
"So what's so interesting about having plants if you don't have to water them?"
She tilted her head a little, he was right.
"I don't know.
I don't like them too much."
Erin preferred roses or just nice-looking flowers, anything that was colourful and smelled good.
Sirius stared at the stack of papers Erin had on the desk and pointed at it.
"Is that what you've been doing?"
"Yes."
Erin sighed.
"I won't to touch them again in a long time."
Sirius looked at her throwing her head back as she sighed.
Erin had big dark circles under her eyes too.
She looked tired.
"If you want something more appealing to read, you can go to the library."
"Of course you have a library."
She said, making Sirius smile a little.
Erin followed him downstairs after Sirius got up.
They went down to the first floor, passed the living room door and turned left.
She had hardly seen anything of the house, but Erin was already impressed by how big it was.
She suspected that she would still see more things that would surprise her.
The library had at least four rows of shelves on each side of the room with chairs in the middle and a table.
There were shelves that almost reached the ceiling of the room.
Now it was Erin who was impressed, as Sirius had been before.
"There are Muggle books on this side."
Sirius said, pointing to the first row in front.
"The rest are all about magic."
Erin went to the shelf that were Muggle books and thought it was like being in heaven.
"Oh."
Sirius remembered something.
"I haven't been able to get rid of all the books about black magic.
I wouldn't look too much into the shelves at the back If I were you."
Erin muttered a yes while thinking that she would never do.
She hadn't dared to enter the forbidden area of the library at Hogwarts, so there was no way she would look at its equivalent in that house.
She turned around and thanked Sirius.
She had something to do for the rest of the day: find a book she liked.
"Can I ask you a favour?"
Sirius asked.
"Sure."
She had answered with no hesitation.
"I'm having dinner with Remus tonight.
Can I trust you to take care of the house?"
Sirius's tone of voice had sounded more like the one he had used the first day they had met.
He was more serious but he also seemed to be hesitating.
Of course he was not referring to the house at all, it was more a hint that shouted, can you be trusted at all?
"Yes."
Erin answered.
She knew her responsabilities very well.
In fact, that was the reason why she was there: stay in the house, take her notes ... Sirius had already spent plenty of time locked up there and someone had to stay as a precaution, in case Snape revealed that place to someone else.
Remus had invited Sirius to his house couple of days ago but Sirius had been thinking about it.
His instinct told him that Erin could be trusted.
She was quiet, polite; she seemed extremely hardworking and loyal.
He had been told so but he had seen it too.
However, a part of his mind told him that Peter Pettigrew had also been quiet, polite and loyal.
It seemed foolish not to trust Erin after those first days in which he had get to know her.
He decided to shut that part of his mind as quickly as possible.
Someone had betrayed him once, but it didn't mean it would happen to him all again and again.
When Sirius returned home, late at night, he saw a light on coming from the third floor, from Erin's room.
He leaned out a little at the door and saw her with a book in her hands, curled up in the armchair.
She hadn't seen him but Sirius smiled anyway as he went down the stairs.
The house had not exploded nor was it full of Death Eaters.
Erin Hardy was nothing like Peter Pettigre.
ix While Sirius looked at the newspaper that morning he experienced a feeling of déjà vu.
A little more than ten years ago, he had gone through similar situations, with the difference that at that time, he was younger and more arrogant and he had not suffered the worst years of his life.
However, he still felt the same impulse inside that called him to do something; the same anger ran him up and down.
He dropped the pages he was reading and clenched his fists without realizing it.
Erin did see it and started to wonder what he was reading.
"Something has happened?"
She said raising her voice.
Sirius didn't take his eyes off the newspaper while answering.
"There has been an attack in a muggle town.
Six dead and three injured."
He paused and almost murmured.
"Two were children."
Erin had paled.
Sirius got up with the newspaper in his hands to show her while he was still talking.
"They say it was a fire."
Then he shook his head.
"Anyone would know it's a lie."
Death Eaters, Erin thought.
Her eyes flew quickly to the news, searching for the name of the town.
Her heart was cramped.
She let out a big sigh when she saw that she didn't know the place where it had happened.
"My grandparents are Muggles."
She explained to Sirius.
It may have seemed strange to him that she was relieved.
It was not her family but Erin felt as hurt as if it had been hers.
"My father is the only one in the family who does magic."
Sirius nodded, still with the Prophet in his hands and frowning.
Erin looked away for a moment.
Kingsley had not warned him, nor any of her partners.
Now she was in the Order and yet nobody warned her of anything.
She felt disappointed and frustrated, stuck in that house where there was nothing she could do to help anyone.
She looked back at Sirius.
He didn't look like the kind of man who hid while someone needed help.
"We must go."
Erin said.
"I want to know what happened."
Sirius stared back, and watched as the girl's eyes gleamed.
He hadn't heard her speak so decisively so far.
She hadn't even doubted or said that she had to go, she was the Auror anyway, but she had included Sirius immediately.
We must go.
Neither of them hesitated.
The sidewalk tiles were as black as Sirius's shoes.
They were still cleaning the street around the houses that had burned but the ash was difficult to wash away.
They had been pretty fast, Erin and Sirius, although they had appeared outside of the town.
Erin had moved closer to one of the houses along with a group of people watching, surely more Muggle neighbours.
Sirius stayed behind, seeing how the sidewalks watered and returned to their original colour.
A police tape surrounded the area, waving in the wind.
Sirius was having a hard time not thinking about James and Lily.
After so many years, so many long nights with the moment repeating itself in his head, the scene would never be erased from his mind.
Unlike what had happened before, those Muggles were side effects of a fight that wasn't theirs.
Sirius was furious again because what the Death Eaters had intended was exactly that: kill innocents to scare them and make them angry.
And they had succeeded.
Two houses were reduced to nothing; all that remained was ash and part of the foundations.
There were no more houses around until a couple of streets to the right, so the area was deserted.
Sirius moved forward to look for Erin, who seemed to be talking to a woman.
As he approached he realized they were indeed talking.
The woman couldn't be more than forty years old and held a handkerchief while gesturing with her hands.
"It was very fast."
That was the first thing Sirius heard.
"About half past eleven someone saw the smoke and approached.
A couple of hours later everything had burned."
Erin observed the woman with a serious face although she turned a moment to look briefly at Sirius.
He was wondering what Erin had asked the woman to tell her that.
The woman wiped her tears with her handkerchief and blinked a couple of times while her gaze went from Sirius to Erin.
"I've never seen you in town."
Beside her, Erin tensed a little.
"Are you journalists?"
"No."
Erin replied quickly.
"This is my cousin.
Our great uncle lives here alone, you know?
We were afraid it had been him."
Sirius was surprised to see how the lie flowed so naturally from Erin's mouth.
Her voice had trembled a little but the woman seemed so distressed that she hadn't even noticed.
Still, they had been close.
"A tragedy."
Sirius spoke for the first time.
He didn't have to lie.
"Those poor children ..." The woman nodded vehemently while Erin had her eyes fixed on the house.
"It must've been the lightning."
The woman commented.
"The lightning?"
Sirius asked.
"Yes."
She answered.
"At eight o'clock my children went to bed.
The sky was so dark that it seemed that a storm was coming.
I heard a thunder but in the end it didn't rain."
Sirius knew exactly what he was referring to and looked for Erin, although she seemed to be focused on other things.
What the woman told him afterwards only confirmed it.
"It was so strange.
My little boy even said that there seemed to be a huge skull in the sky.
I did not think so ... but anyway, you know kids have a big imagination."
Sirius nodded a little.
The child had a lot of imagination as his mother said or he'd witnessed the mark of the Death Eaters appearing.
"I hope your uncle is well."
The woman said.
"Goodbye."
She turned to go to the sidewalk opposite and Sirius muttered a goodbye.
It was more than clear that this was the work of Voldemort's men.
He met with Erin in front of the second house, just as destroyed as the first one.
Erin didn't look good.
Judging by the way she squeezed her lips and her brows furrowed with sadness, the girl must've been thinking about what would've happened if that had been her family.
Or maybe she had some worse thoughts; maybe she believed they could be the next.
"What do you think?"
He asked, referring to what had happened.
"It was what we thought.
It's very likely they used incendio."
She answered lowering her voice.
"A normal fire does not consume a brick house so quickly."
Sirius nodded, wishing it hadn't happened.
They hadn't published anything in the Prophet about what had happened to the victims but he didn't want to imagine it.
They both left the village and returned to the same place where they had appeared to return to Grimmauld Place.
Neither of them said a word until after they appeared.
There was nothing pleasant to talk about.
It was Erin who broke the silence, already inside Sirius' house.
The first thing she had done hadd been to drink a glass of water and she still had it in her hands while she thought.
Sirius sat in the lounge chair.
He wasn't tired, but the incident had reminded him of things he didn't want to think about.
"I should visit my grandparents."
Erin said a few meters away from him, while she put the glass down.
It seemed more like a thought she had said out loud.
"Soon."
Sirius swallowed.
He knew well why she'd said it and sadly, it was true.
"You were that scared the first time?"
Now she had talked directly to Sirius.
Erin moved to sit in front of him and Sirius almost didn't even have to think about it.
"Yes."
He remembered what it was like to fall directly into a war when they had just finished their studies, all the separations, the need to hide and all the distrust they had felt about anyone.
"How old are you?"
Sirius asked, realizing that she might be the same age as him in the first war.
"Twenty one?"
Erin nodded while looking at him.
Sirius thought she had seemed older all morning, acting so serious.
Actually, Erin was no little girl anymore.
"I was scared to death with your age."
And with the same age they put me in Azkaban, he fell silent.
"And I still am now, with that I can't help you."
It was true, perhaps he was no longer afraid of what might happen to him but he was terrified to think about what could happen to Harry.
The war was panic, confusion and fear and that would never change.
Erin hadn't changed her face full of worry even though Sirius hadn't intended to disturb her any more than she already was.
"I'm not good at comforting anyone."
He recognised.
"I wish I could tell you that this will be over soon."
She smiled a little and got up ready to go up to her room.
They would have to make sure it ended as quickly as possible.
A bit short but I'm finally catching up.
Thank you to everyone that has followed or put this story in their favourites.
I'd love to hear your opinion, good or bad, comments are welcomed!Seven Fortunately for everyone, the following morning did not start with more bad news.
Erin had spent the whole afternoon with the thought of her family stuck in her mind and had ended up writing to her parents.
Still, that had not reassured her.
She was relieved that at least Kingsley had not contacted her about any other incident.
She'd been thinking about something she wanted to try for a few days but she didn't know if she would be able to carry out her idea.
She took her stack of papers, more paper and ink to write and headed for the library.
Maybe there she'd find some enchantment that would help her achieve what she wanted to do.
Erin came down the stairs carefully because she could hardly see if her feet reached each step with all the things she was carrying, and she did not want to spill all the ink on the floor.
She had already reached the last stretch when, as she lifted her head, something caught her attention and made her stop.
The painting she had seen on the stairs when she'd arrived was uncovered, unlike the rest of the days she had looked at it.
She retraced her steps holding everything as well as she could and leaned a little over the painting.
She'd barely had time to study it, to realize that it was a portrait, when the old woman who was painted began to scream at the top of her lungs.
The young woman jumped in the place and some of her papers escaped from her embrace.
She bent down to try to pick them up before they fell to the floor with her heart racing, and as she did so, the container with the ink also rushed down the stairs.
"Damn it."
She muttered annoyed.
The woman in the painting was still shouting.
"A half-blood in my house!
What a dishonour.
Shame on the house of my fathers!"
Erin's only desire was to cover her ears, or better, to quieten the horrible woman with gray hair and wild eyes at last.
She shouldn't have looked, she thought regretting it.
She went down the rest of the stairs and put her things on a step that was not stained with ink, to collect everything she'd thrown away.
She heard a noise to her left and when she turned her head, she saw Sirius approaching from the corridor that came from the library.
"I see you've met my dear mother, Walburga."
He spoke as he approached her.
Then he started to shout at the painting to shut up.
"Sorry about that, don't listen to her."
"She's charming."
Erin answered sarcastically.
Picking up her papers, she realized that some of them had become almost incomprehensible; so much ink stained them that she could hardly understood what it was written.
She'd made such a mess only because she'd been scared by a stupid painting.
Sirius had also bent down to help her and looked at her holding a paper.
"I hope it wasn't very important."
"I'm afraid it was."
Erin would have to find a way to return everything to its original state or else, she would have to find another copy.
"Were you going to the library?"
Sirius asked.
Erin nodded.
"Then I'll collect your things."
He said pointing to what Erin had left above, undamaged.
"I can take it, don't worry."
She didn't want to bother him.
"You haven't seen yourself, Erin."
Sirius began to say.
Suddenly he took a couple of steps towards her and reached out his hand.
He left it stretched out near her cheek.
What was he doing?
"But you have some ink in your hair."
Sirius had a small smile on his face and Erin found it impossible to get angry, it was better to laugh about having got so dirty.
"How much is some?"
"Well...quite a bit."
He said touching her hair.
Sirius retreated backwards and Erin noticed how her cheeks burned.
Why did she have to blush so easily?
"I'll leave everything in the library.
I'm going to have Kreacher clean all this up."
He frowned a bit but continued to look at Erin with kindness.
"I'm sure this has been his doing."
It did not seem very far-fetched that the elf had done so in order to annoy either of them.
Erin tried not to give her incident too much importance while washing her hair but wished with all her strength that when she went back down the woman would be quiet.
Luckily, she and although Kreacher was cleaning the stairs he didn't even look at her while she went to the library, her hair still wet.
"Was your mother like that while she lived?"
Erin asked Sirius once she got to sit in an armchair next to him.
She had her things on the table in the centre of the library and it seemed Sirius hadn't even touched them.
"Practically the same."
He answered.
"And the worst thing is that damn painting is fixed with magic."
Erin thought it must've been very difficult to have to put up with Walburga.
What kind of person chose to portray herself like that in order to torment those who step on her house?
She was starting to think the only decent person from the Black family was Sirius.
She looked at him out of the corner of her eye as he wrote something down in a kind of magazine and began to think about how close he had been to her when he had told her she was stained.
She couldn't deny that she had already noticed that Sirius was attractive, she was sure that most women with eyes considered him so, but she had not considered until that very morning what it was that made him look exactly like that.
He'd grown a beard during that week and it looked pretty good on him.
Even the old clothes he wore when he was at home suited him.
Erin shook her head lightly and looked away, thinking it was stupid to be distracting herself like that when she had so many things troubling her.
"Did I interrupt you before?"
She asked him.
"Were you doing something important?"
"If you consider doing crosswords important."
Sirius replied with a shrug.
He had turned a little to look at Erin and show her what he was doing.
"I love doing these".
He murmured as if he were speaking to himself.
Then he raised his voice again.
"By the way, I had forgotten to tell you two letters arrived for you earlier."
Having said that, Sirius got up from his seat, picked up the two letters from the table and handed them to Erin.
He sat back down while Erin turned all her attention to the letters.
Maybe her parents had answered her, or Fred and George had finally written to her.
She took one of the letters and opened it quickly to see that, as she had wished, Fred had written to her.
At the beginning of the letter he talked about how they were doing with the store and what they were planning next.
Erin smiled thinking how proud she was of her friends being able to maintain a business of that type in an era with such uncertainty.
Then, he asked her how she was doing and that comforted her.
She'd had a very bad time before becoming friends with the twins and since then, they had always cared so much for her ... She would have to let them know that she was perfectly fine.
Fred ended the letter saying hi in behalf of the whole family and asking her to write to Ginny.
Supposedly, she had spent all week wondering what Erin would be wearing for Bill and Fleur's wedding.
The latter almost made him laugh because Ginny always looked pretty, no matter what she wore.
She never cared too much about clothes, anyway.
Erin finished the letter with a smile on her lips which almost disappeared with the next letter.
It wasn't because it made her sad, but it did surprise her.
Nymphadora Tonks, or Tonks as everyone called her, had written her.
She was a little older than Erin and was also an Auror so they knew each other but Erin sould only recall having worked with her once.
They still had a lot in common as Tonks had also been a Hufflepuff at Hogwarts.
She remembered she had thought earlier that Sirius was the only decent Black but Tonks was as well.
She often forgot that they belonged to the same family.
The truth was that if Tonks had contacted her, it must've been for a serious issue.
And it was.
Dear Erin, You may be asking yourself why I'm writing you this letter.
I don't want you to worry but I thought you should know what is happening.
We have doubled the vigilance to Scrimgeour this week given the inactivity of the Death Eaters in regard to the Ministry.
We suspect that the attack on the Muggle people was just bait, a way to distract us while preparing for their true objective.
A trusted ally we have within the ministry affirms Umbridge is developing a project for the registration of half-blood people and muggle-borns among others.
Believing that it is the most intelligent thing to do now, I have presented my resignation as Auror (although that does not mean that I am going to leave the Order).
In this way, I hope that if the ministry does fall in the wrong hands both Remus and I will be safe.
I advise you to present your resignation, Erin although you are not obliged to do so.
The person I've mentioned is willing to give you your file or destroy it so that no one has information about you.
Please, think about it and contact me or Kingsley to plan it.
See you soon.
PD: I hope my cousin is treating you well xx.
Erin folded the letter in two and felt her stomach sinking.
She was grateful Tonks had warned her when she didn't have to and that she had remembered her father was muggle-born.
They were in potential danger.
She didn't know how to feel about it; was she going to throw all the work overboard and just give up?
After all the time she had struggled to get where she was, she was almost annoyed that she had to leave.
Still, wasn't it more important to protect herself and continue with the Order?
She hadn't wanted to think about what could happen if Voldemort took over the Ministry but it seemed that from that moment onwards she was going to.
She had a lot to mull ove.
ight Only two days passed when Erin made up her mind.
A simple message and a planned meeting was enough to end all the work of three years.
She did not know how she had been able to present herself at the Ministry to resign, what is more, her voice had trembled so much that she feared someone would think they were forcing her.
Actually, she felt as if it had been the case but it was a decision she had accepted on her own; she had not told her parents or friends and she had only shown Tonks's letter to Sirius because she did not want him to worry while she was away.
What she disliked most, she thought, lying on her bed, was not having to make the decision.
The thought that tormented her was that the first thing that had crossed her mind had been to ignore Tonks's warning.
She was disappointed with herself because her first choice would have been incredibly selfish.
Looking at her file, which she had been grateful to keep, she realised that she would have put at risk many people she cared about.
All her thoughts were interrupted by a couple of knocks on the door that made Erin breathe deeply.
She knew it was obviously Sirius, and although she expected it, she did not want to face anyone.
While the door opened, she just rolled to the other side of the bed, facing the door.
She sat up when she saw Sirius standing there but already inside of her room.
Erin's hair was loose and the white shirt that she liked so much was wrinkled completely due to the time she had been lying there.
She had not even bothered to change her clothes when she had got back from the Ministry.
"Hello."
It was Erin who first spoke in a thin voice.
"Hello."
He answered back.
"I've already had dinner, aren't you coming down?"
Erin shook her head and for a moment she noticed a trace of concern in Sirius' voice.
"I'm not really hungry."
"So, have you resigned?"
She nodded then as if it was something obvious and Sirius continued talking.
"It was for the best.
For your safety, above all."
Erin fell silent for a few seconds.
She turned her gaze to the floor and as she listened at Sirius' fingers drumming on the door frame, she realized that he had not understood it well.
It was clear that both knew each other better after almost twenty days alone in that house but they did not know all of each other.
"I didn't do it for me."
Erin clarified.
"I did it for them."
They looked into each other's eyes and seeing that he was nodding this time, she knew that she would not have to explain that she meant her family.
"I can understand that."
Erin did not want to talk to anyone, that was true, but it would not hurt her either, so she sighed and decided that she could try to explain it to him.
"I didn't want to do it."
She murmured.
"And now I feel so-" "Guilty or selfish?"
Sirius asked, interrupting her.
She was surprised that he had caught it so quickly.
"Both."
"There is nothing wrong with putting yourself first."
Sirius said.
"Sometimes it's easier to act like that."
If Erin had to choose between herself and someone she cared about, she knew she would never chose herself first.
Erin suspected that he was not that kind of person either, after everything he had suffered for his friends or for Harry, without going any further.
"I don't think either of us know how to do that."
She pointed.
"I guess we don't."
Sirius said with a slight smile.
After this he approached the door again and grabbed the knob to go back out.
"Some sleep will do you good."
After he spoke Erin got up from the bed to change her clothes.
When Sirius was leaving the room he looked at her with his mouth ajar, as if he wanted to say something else.
Nevertheless, he closed the door behind him and left Erin all alone with her doubts again.
It was a deafening scream, which would have been heard throughout the house, which put Erin on her feet.
She did not have time to check what time it was or if she had listened well because her first instinct had been to get out of bed and grab her wand.
"Lumos."
She whispered as she moved towards the door.
With the wand in hand, Erin thought that wandering into an old, dark house in the middle of the night was not her favourite pastime.
Still, someone had screamed with a heartrending pain that had caused her to shiver from head to toe.
The first thing that crossed her mind as she went down to the second floor was that it may have been the portrait again but she had only considered it to set aside the most logical option: it was Sirius who had shouted, that was almost certain.
Could it be possible that someone had entered the house while they were sleeping?
The prospect of Sirius being hurt made Erin walk more quickly to his room.
She knew where it was but she had never been inside and when she found herself facing the door, only in her nightgown and barefoot, feeling the cold ground, she felt paralysed.
"Sirius?"
She said at the same time as she opened the door slowly.
She did not know what she was going to find.
A part of her did not want to discover it, but to run back up the stairs to the warmth and tranquillity of her bed.
However, that part was not going to win that night.
Erin breathed a sigh of relief when the halo of light from her wand lit up the room and she only found Sirius.
The feeling lasted only a second and the worry replaced it.
Sirius was sitting on his bed with the sheets pushed aside.
That would have been normal, but his face was dishevelled, as if something had horrified him and Erin could hear him breathing rapidly from the entrance of the room.
She realised then, that it had simply been a nightmare, that she had been too paranoid and was violating his privacy right now.
She took a step back but bumped into the leg of a dresser she had not seen, crushing the smallest toe of her foot.
"Merlin!"
She shouted involuntarily, it had hurt so much that it had escaped from her lips.
Sirius turned his head to her then, squinting, because she was pointing directly at him with her wand.
"Erin?"
He asked confused.
"What are you doing?"
She lowered her wand so as not to dazzle him and realized that Sirius was wearing only shorts and a sleeveless top.
Had she not been so terrified up until that moment, she would have blushed more than ever.
"You were screaming."
She said steadily.
"I thought something had happened to you or that someone had come in so ...
I went down."
"I'm fine."
He spoke, running his hand through his hair.
"It was a nightmare."
"I don't know what you were dreaming."
Erin began to say.
"But you scared me, are you really okay?"
Sirius turned his back on her as he leaned toward the small table beside his bed to pick up his wand.
"I don't know."
He admitted lighting up a small lamp.
"It felt very real."
Erin stood without knowing what else to do while Sirius sat on the carpet and leaned back on the bed with his hand on his chest.
She could tell he was still affected by whatever he had seen.
She thought that perhaps she should not stay there any longer, feeling quite embarrased but Sirius kept talking and then she found herself sitting next to him.
"We were in the Department of Mysteries, as if it were the battle of last year again.
Do you know what I'm talking about?"
Erin nodded.
She remembered that but she had not been there.
"Everything happened in the same way, but in the end Bellatrix reached Harry and he fell down the Veil."
Erin swallowed.
Nobody knew what the Veil was exactly, only that it was related to death and that was enough to give her goosebumps.
"Remus was holding me tight and I could only scream and scream while Harry-" Sirius stopped talking suddenly and looked away.
He did not seem to be able to say anything else.
She understood perfectly then why he was so scared.
She asked herself if this happen to him often.
Sometimes it seemed like he did not rest at all so maybe he had nightmares more usually than she was aware of.
"But it was just a dream."
Erin said.
A frightening one, after all.
"Yes."
Sirius answered.
Then he turned to look at her.
"I 'm sorry I woke you up like that."
Erin shrugged a little and wrapped her arms around her knees.
"It's alright."
She said.
"At least you know I'm going to run like a madwoman every time you scream to see what's wrong with you."
Sirius smiled a little and Erin felt satisfied.
Her poor attempt to cheer him up had worked.
"And you will not hesitate to sneak into my room."
He said it with a grin on his face that made it sound like he meant something else.
Erin felt the need to defend herself but could not help but laugh.
"Of course I had my doubts.
You can always do the same and we are even."
Sirius did not look away from Erin and she felt her cheeks burn when he answered her.
Both were just playing along.
"If I didn't know you I'd think you were proposing something indecent."
She muttered something under her breath as she shook her head and Sirius looked away laughing.
He seemed to have calmed down already.
"Erin."
He turned serious again.
"I didn't want to bother you, but it's good to know someone cares about me."
"It's the least I can do."
She thought about how Sirius had welcomed her after the first few days, making her feel like she was in her own house, letting her do everything she wanted and asking her if she was okay when things went wrong.
Like that afternoon.
She did not feel obligated at all, because her appreciation was growing little by little within her.
"I was worried before you arrived because I thought I wouldn't get used to seeing someone else in this house, every day.
I truly detest this place because for me it represents what my family was.
I always wanted to get away from it as much as possible.
Being here I feel that everything turns against me again."
Erin looked at Sirius without saying a word but as he seemed to be taking a weight off his shoulders she listened.
"But suddenly you come with your good ideas, your flowers and all your joy.
Harry and all his friends arrive, full of life, of energy; Remus and Tonks just as vital and in love as well ... and it's impossible for me not to be happy.
You all are helping me a lot.
Solitude is a very nice word, you know?
but not what it implies."
He paused a moment to breathe and Erin realised, while she felt her shoulders rubbing, that she had run out of words.
Did he just include her with them people he loved so much?
This was not what was expected at all, but it was more than comforting to hear it.
Erin had stopped breathing.
"What I'm trying to say is that I'm glad you're here and that I can count on you.
I wanted to tell you before, when I went to your room, I thought you'd like to hear it but I didn't know if it was the right time."
"Sirius."
Erin laid her hand carefully on his shoulder.
"If you really feel everything you've said, it's always the right time."
There was someone she could try to make happy, someone she was really helping, Erin thought.
That alone was enough to make her feel a little better about herself after having spent the whole afternoon punishing herself with rather negative thoughts.
Sirius did not miss how Erin's green eyes shone as he listened to her words.
It was exactly what he had intended because he just wanted her to be fine, just as she had rushed to see if he was as well.
Erin got up with a smile from ear to ear and Sirius did the same, to return to bed.
She walked to the door, pulling down her nightgown.
She turned around before leaving and she dared to speak, not as he had done that afternoon.
"I know it's not my place to say and that I didn't experience what you did here.
But something as material as a house, only has the value that you want to give it."
Erin closed the door after Sirius responded by nodding and smiled to herself, with a sense of relief in her chest.
She was also more than happy to be there.
As usual thanks for reading and a shoutout to the new followers!
Once again, I'd love to hear your thoughts, I'll update soo.
ine Sirius was frowning completely.
Unable to believe what he was hearing, he shook his head a little.
"How can you not like dogs?"
Erin was looking at him as if it were nothing special and shrugged.
Sirius let his head rest on the chair he was sitting on and kept talking.
They had agreed to work on something that she had come up with a few days ago but it kept being postponed; first it had been her almost falling down the stairs and then the visit of Kingsley a few days before to make sure everything was still in order.
"I don't think I want to know what your patronus is."
The enchantment always took shape from the animal the person had more affinity with but Sirius was not sure which one would be compatible with Erin.
He imagined something soft, perhaps a little innocent but equally strong.
"It's not a cat, if that's what you're thinking" She answered.
"It's a hedgehog."
A hedgehog?
The truth was it seemed an unusual patronus.
Sirius wondered for a moment what it might have to do with Erin.
"Yes, I know it's strange."
She added before Sirius could say anything.
He must have seemed surprised.
"Well, hedgehogs are pretty ...
cute."
Erin smiled weakly and Sirius realized he was distracting her from what she really should be doing.
"Thanks?"
She said, considering the spell was an extension of herself.
"But they mean other things too.
They are much more than they seem and they can defend themselves perfectly."
"It seems so."
He murmured.
Erin leaned over the table and began sorting her things to work.
Sirius sat up too, though he did not feel like doing much on that day.
He had promised Erin he would help her.
He kept Erin's words in his head and thought he would like to know how she was not exactly what she looked like.
"So what did you have in mind?"
He knew it was about death eaters and ways to locate them because he had watched Erin reading reports and consulting maps for days and days with no rest.
Trying to stop them before they could plan something was intelligent but, just as the Order was good at hiding, Voldemort's followers were good at hiding as well.
"I've tried to find out where they can attack.
Hogwarts will be mostly occupied by death eaters, although we have McGonagall , but we can't do anything there.
We can't go on either if they plan another attack in some muggle town again."
Sirius nodded as he listened.
"If they took the Ministry we'd obviously find out, same with St Mungo's so I can only think of a place where they could attack and be really harmful."
It was clear she had prepared it well and thought it through, taking into account how Erin talked without stopping or doubting.
Such frequented places would already be protected, they were not supposed to worry about them.
"Diagon Alley and its surroundings.
I know it sounds a bit stupid, maybe even predictable, but we don't have any Auror in the area, at least that I know of."
Erin looked at him expectantly, seeking approval from Sirius, as if what she had said was truly stupid.
Sirius did not think so at all.
"Is there really no surveillance?"
He received a nod as an answer and Sirius crossed his arms.
Hundreds of people passed through Diagon Alley every day, to their jobs, to their parallel streets, to Gringotts ...
It was a place worth protecting.
"You have a plan, right?
Because we can't just spend all the day watching it over alone."
"Yes, although I don't know very well how to carry it out."
Erin sighed and Sirius thought she was going to say again that it was something silly.
It seemed she did not have a single drop of confidence in herself that day.
He nodded to encourage her to keep talking.
"When I was at Hogwarts, I don't remember exactly in what year or how they got it, the twins took a map of the entire castle.
"She explained.
"Every floor, every class, every hall of the castle appeared there.
Some we didn't even know.
All the people that were there were reflected on the map so I was thinking that perhaps with the right spells ..." Erin was speaking very seriously but Sirius could not stop a smile from bursting into his face.
He had to interrupt her.
The map he was describing was his map.
"The marauders map?"
He had not touched it in years; he did not even know what had happened with it.
Erin crossing paths with it and then telling him about it was a matter of fate more than a coincidence.
He was fascinated.
However, Erin looked at him strangely nott understanding why he was so excited suddenly.
"Yes.
Have you seen it before too?"
Sirius almost laughed and knew he was going to tell her the truth even though he was probably being very impulsive.
"Erin, you know two creators."
"I don't."
She answered with her arms crossed.
"They had some weird aliases, that I remember, Moony, Wormtail , Badfoot..." "Padfoot, it's Padfoot".
He corrected her.
"And you do know them.
You have one in front of you".
Taken aback, Erin opened her mouth a little, and to Sirius's surprise, she laughed while shaking her head.
"Seriously?
If you are one, then I bet Remus is another one."
"Yes."
Sirius replied, also smiling.
"Remus is Moony, I'm Padfoot, James was Prongs and Wormtail, you know who."
He did not need to mention it because Erin already knew who he was referring to.
She was still looking at him as if he were raving, frowning with a faint smile on her face.
She seemed to be entertained with the situation.
"Where did you get those names?
I can understand Moony and well, Wormtail for the rat."
She was talking and reflecting on it at the same time.
"Padfoot and Prongs?
"They came from our patronus" Sirius answered.
"And from the shapes we adopted to help Remus during his transformations."
"I didn't know you were an Animagus.
"Erin said.
"Very few people know it.
I am not registered, neither none of us were."
Erin raised her eyebrows immediately but softened her expression again quickly.
"Remus is lucky to have such good friends."
She did not speak in the past and Sirius almost thanked her for that, because he did not want to remember that now there were only two of them.
"Have you ever seen anyone transforming?"
He asked as he rose up.
"Don't tell me you're going to do that in front of me."
He laughed but didn't answer because he wanted her to really believe him.
She had covered her face with her hands but was still looking between her fingers, ashamed but curious.
Before she could even say a word there was a big black dog in front of her and she understood why Sirius had chosen Padfoot (and why he had been so offended that he did not like dogs).
Erin got up slowly.
Sirius had just transformed in front of her so easily that it was incredible that the animal in front of her was him.
She extended her hand hesitating and the dog moved towards her with grace, almost without making a noise.
Erin found herself running her fingers through his fur and caressed him.
Then she turned around and from one moment to another Sirius reappeared, then Erin did seem astonished.
"That was awesome "She spoke.
"And weird."
Sirius smoothed his hair and sat down again.
Erin was still watching him with her face resting on one of her hands.
"How old were you when you made the map?
You must've used higly advanced spells."
"We were still at Hogwarts."
Sirius thought it had to have been a few years before finishing school, perhaps fourth or fifth grade.
He couldn't remember it exactly.
"Remus made the drawings, James and I handle the spells and track the areas.
It was easier for us."
Erin listened carefully.
They had been great wizards since they were very young that could not be denied, nor that they really wanted to help Remus.
She was glad to know he had had someone there to help him.
Sirius Black had seemed a mystery to her ever since it had been proved he had not been guilty, and at that moment he was only confirming it.
Every day that passed she learned something else about him that surprised her.
"If you really believe that a map of Diagon Alley could work then I'm in.
I hope that Remus wants to help us, because I am a terrible at drawing."
Sirius said.
"It's fine by me."
Erin said without thinking, she had a big amount of respect for Remus.
"It's a good idea, Erin."
Sirius assured her.
He wanted to let her know because it really was, and she had been beating around the bush for too long.
"We've done it once, so it won't be that difficult.
You just have to trust this old dog, for once.
"Ten A woman, a man and a dog stood by the Leaky Cauldron early on a Thursday morning.
Those who saw them would find nothing shocking about them, but Erin felt nervous, expecting to be recognised at any moment.
Remus had assured her again and again that no one knew that Sirius was an animagus, and it did not seem odd to see them both at Diagon Alley.
At first the plan had been different; Erin was going to show up with Sirius only.
Then, Remus offered to accompany her in case something happened so that Sirius would not be forced to reveal himself.
The truth was Erin felt safer with Remus there as well.
She looked down for a moment, observing Sirius in his animagus form.
"It still seems very strange to me."
She commented out loud.
"Is he comfortable like that?"
Remus shrugged.
"He always says that the only thing that bothers him about being a dog is fleas."
Erin grimaced, she never wanted to know how it felt like to have them.
Remus spoke again.
"Shall we start?"
"Sure."
Erin took out her wand and used the sleeves of the jacket she was wearing to cover her hands, so people would not realise she was using it.
It was not cold, but she had to hide it somehow.
They both began to walk muttering the spells to avoid being heard although there was almost no one in the street at that time.
The sun was already starting to rise so they had to hurry up.
Sirius was ahead of them, but not too far from their sight.
They had agreed Erin would take care of the spell that allowed to track and locate the people who passed through the street.
Remus had already traced the base of the drawing in order to adhere the power of the spells to the paper, and Sirius would cover all the possible corners he could get into.
Until halfway down the alley, everything went smoothly but when they reached the crossroads between Gringotts, which was on the right, and Knockout, the street next to the Alley, Sirius took a turn and Erin stopped dead.
She had a horrible memory from a day she escaped from his parents' store because she was bored and ended up going down that street without realising it.
It had been traumatizing for a ten-year-old girl to see a shop window full of small heads piercing her eyes.
"Erin?"
She heard Remus calling her.
"I'm coming."
She replied and squeezed her wand harder.
They had to include that street on the map whether they liked it or not because Death Eaters usually arrives at the Diagon Alley entering from there.
Besides, it was childish to fear something like that at her age.
Wasn't she an Auror?
Erin walked again more quickly to reach Sirius and Remus while looking sideways at both sides of the street, waiting for something to happen.
Nothing did in the end, nor was there any reduced head that made her get goose bumps.
She just kept walking, though closer to Remus than she had been before.
If he noticed she was afraid he did not say a word and Erin doubted very much that Sirius would have noticed.
Even as a dog he still had the same bearing as in person, he moved with elegance and his black hair shone.
The journey through Knockout barely lasted a few minutes and they were once again back in Diagon Alley.
They passed in front of all the closed stores without a soul crossing with them, without anyone noticing what they were doing.
Erin was relieved because if it really worked, they were going to have a huge advantage, and what was more important: they could save a lot of people in the event of an attack.
The days she had spent feeling useless had been worth it only for that moment.
Once they had almost finished walking the entire street, Sirius stopped in the middle of another intersection and Erin stood just as she had done before but this time it was not because of fear.
She knew that street by heart, she could almost see the green door of her parents' shop from where she was and pictured her mother humming to herself while pacing around the shop.
"Are we done?"
Remus asked.
They had reviewed the routes and streets they were going to follow before leaving the house and they all believed they had to stick the plan as much as possible.
"Yes."
She replied.
"Let's go, then."
It would have been very easy to follow just a couple more streets and get where she wanted to be.
However, Erin did not wish to have any special treatment.
They could not add all the places the members of the Order frequented because that would be impossible.
She herself would have to make sure her parents were safe if something happened there, that was all she could do.
The three of them returned to Grimmauld Place and Erin did not mention her thoughts.
They went straight to the library, aiming to finish what they had started.
Erin was still half asleep after having woken up so early and thought that nothing was going to make her concentrate more than a coffee.
She was completely wrong.
As soon as Remus placed the map on the table and Sirius laid his wand on it, Erin could no longer look away.
She understood perfectly what Remus had referred to by fixing the spells on the paper.
Rays of light spread over the parchment and new lines which followed the drawing Remus had made suddenly appeared.
She had been surrounded by magic all her life, but she was still surprised by the most remarkable things.
When it was her turn Erin couldn't believe she had taken part in it.
"I never imagined I would do this again."
Remus said as he revised the map.
"This is crazy."
Erin added.
"Are you sure you were only fifteen when you made the map?"
Remus did not stop working while answering Erin, but a laugh escaped from his lips.
"Don't flatter us too much, it could go to Sirius' head."
Erin laughed too when he heard Sirius protest.
They had been great wizards since a young age and that was one more evidence.
"To be honest, I don't know anyone else who has escaped from Azkaban."
Erin pointed out.
"And you, Remus, were by far our best Professor of Defence against the Dark Arts."
He pushed his wand away and smiled at Erin, who was sitting next to him.
"Well, thank you very much.
You were already a great student then, Erin, and look at you now."
The truth was that she could feel proud of herself; Hufflepuffs had always been underestimated.
"You should think of a nickname."
Sirius said.
"To sign on the map, unless you want to use your name."
"Yes, I should."
Erin admitted.
They were Padfoot and Moony for obvious reasons and even if she didn't find anything special to distinguish herself with, using her real name next to their nicknames would have stand out.
"You have a couple of days to decide.
I think I should revise it properly before Harry's birthday, but we can't delay it more than that."
Remus spoke.
Erin nodded.
The time to take Harry to the burrow was approaching and so was Bill's wedding.
There were barely three days left for the weekend.
"I'll think of something."
She assured them.
After that Remus announced he would take the scroll to finish it and left the house, so Erin and Sirius were left alone again.
"I'm going to have a bath."
He said.
"I don't feel fully awake."
Erin understood it well and left the room to go the kitchen.
She made coffee and then picked up a couple of biscuit to eat while reading something.
She wanted to return to the library and wait for inspiration to come for her nickname.
However, when she was about to turn in the hall, while taking a bite of a biscuit, she noticed a door partly open to the left.
She had never seen it like that before and did not know what was inside.
Erin did not consider herself a nosy person but at that moment, curiosity overcame the rational voice that told her it was none of her business.
Hadn't Sirius told her to feel at home?It's me, your favourite I'm an official disaster favourite writer!
Anyways, this is not my best but the following chapters are my absolute favs so.
Please enjoy and feel free to roast me, xx.
Eleven Erin had not even had time to form an idea of what she might found, but when she pushed the ajar door she thought that wouldn't have occurred to her.
It was a space big enough to be a bedroom but there was not a single piece of furniture, which was rare compared to the pompous rooms in the rest of the house.
Erin entered feeling an intruder, contemplating the dark green walls.
She had barely taken a couple of steps when she saw what the room was supposed to be keeping.
There was a large drawing on the wall to the left that occupied it entirely.
It was a tree with stretched branches on the same green background as the rest of the walls, although the colour seemed duller, as if it were worn.
In each branch there were rounds containing names and on top of them a portrait of the person it named, Erin assumed.
Then it hit her, it was a family tree of the Black family.
Her eyes passed from one name to another trying to find one familiar to her and then in the middle of the tree, at the top, she spotted Wallburga Black, Sirius' mother.
The weirdest thing was that beneath her name there was some Regulus Arcturus Black and next to it a black blur.
Erin ran her fingers through the aging tapestry in that space.
She could still feel the relief of the letters of the name, something feeling like an s, later the letter r. There must have been Sirius' name and portrait, she thought.
If both branches came out of Wallburga, then it could only mean that Sirius had a brother or at least, he had had a one once.
Regulus.
She had never heard a word about him.
Her stomach was in knots seeing more blurs in the tree, She couldn't help but think about a thousand absurd reasons why some Black had been erased from memory.
Somewhere between revulsion and surprise, she walked away from the tapestry in order to leave before she could be discovered.
As if she had provoked it herself with her thoughts, Erin found Sirius walking by when she was closing the door behind her.
Sirius' hair was wet, as he had just come out of the bathroom, and Erin stood there, not knowing what to do and simply stared at him.
Why had he had to be so fast?
Or worse, why was she dumb enough to do something she knew she shouldn't do?
Whatever happened next, she thought bitterly, it was only her fault.
"What are you doing?"
Sirius asked.
He had barely spoken, and Erin already knew that he was angry.
He had sounded sharper than ever, almost like the Sirius who had challenged her on the first day, with his dark eyes nailed to her own.
"I was, I was..." Erin noticed her tongue getting stuck.
"The door was open."
She continued standing, talking like a fool.
A scared fool.
She wasn't afraid of Sirius, that much was clear, but she was afraid of betraying the trust they had.
"That doesn't mean you can come in."
Erin heard every word, noticing how her face lit up.
She tried to open her mouth to say something, but nothing meaningful crossed her mind, not even an apology.
The first reaction that followed was her moving her legs.
Was she going to leave without a word?
It sounded much better than making the situation even worse than it already was.
Erin hurried upstairs leaving Sirius confused, frowning and with a hint of anger reflected in her eyes.
He called her while she was leaving but Erin was no longer listening, the shame she was feeling was too strong to stay a second longer.
Everything would have stayed like this had it not been for the fact that they lived in the same house; at some point they were going to bump into each other again and Erin would have to apologize.
For the moment, she would get away with it, especially thanks to Kreacher who, to her surprise, obeyed her and brought her food during the day.
However, the following day they had to accompany Harry from his home to the Burrow so she could no longer avoid it.
It wasn't as hard as Erin had thought.
She began the day by keeping Kingsley posted on how things were going, even though he was also going to be present too due to the importance of the mission.
When it was time to leave during the afternoon, she decided to go down to the ground floor, from where different voices came.
Erin assumed it would be Remus and Tonks and she was right.
They were already in the hallway ready to go, just like Sirius.
She smiled at them both and being cautious, avoided a certain person's eyes.
As they left the house to teleport to number 4 of Privet Drive, Remus continued going over the plan that Erin already knew by heart: some of them would go in pairs and as Mad-eye had suggested, they would take the Polyjuice Potion to distract the Death Eaters in case they attacked so they couldn't recognise Harry.
Specifically, Remus and Tonks were going to escort them along with Bill, Arthur or Sirius without having to drink it.
Erin would.
Sirius had not even crossed his gaze with her yet.
Sirius did not consider himself an intimidating person, at least when he was not angry, but he was almost certain he had scared Erin the day before.
To be fair, she had frightened him first and had not let him say a word after she ran away.
Yes, he had been angry at first, because the least he expected was to see her in that room.
He did not quite know why it bothered him so much.
He had blamed it on tiredness and having to be in that house, being locked up.
However, after a whole day without seeing her again and having heard Kreacher bring up Erin's food, all his anger had vanished and it had given way to shame.
Hadn't she told him that a house was just a house?
He was making a mountain out of a molehill.
He had not had a chance to tell her anything in all day, they had left home with Remus and Tonks, and Sirius' only concern had become Harry.
Then, there had been too many people in front of them to have that kind of conversation and Erin had not tried to approach him at any time.
He had frightened her, indeed, and because of it she would not speak to him.
He could not deny he had been tempted to at least tell her everything would be fine after everyone had taken the Polyjuice Potion, but Erin looked better after seeing Fred and George and Sirius had had to leave before she did.
In that moment, he was already in the Burrow and his restlessness made him go around the house again and again, seeing that only him, Arthur and Fred had arrived.
Molly was still inside the house and Sirius knew how worried she must be about her children, just like he was about Harry.
It was a very risky move, but they had to make sure he was safe anyway.
After another round nearby the house Sirius found endless, he saw a broom approaching and his heart flipped.
Being so far he could only distinguish a person with blond hair and for a moment he thought of Fleur, who was flying with Bill of course, but then remembered that they were going in a Thestral and realized that it could only be Erin.
He approached the door of the house, where Arthur was watching, a huge relief spreading on his chest.
He would never have forgiven himself if something had happened to Erin after he had behaved like an asshole.
The relief disappeared as fast as it had arrived when Erin got off her broom paler than Sirius had ever seen her, breathing heavily.
"Erin".
He called her.
"Are you alright?"
The girl approached the door and all the Weasleys who were at home appeared.
She said nothing and shook her head.
"There were Death Eaters everywhere."
She announced with a thread of voice.
"That's not possible."
He heard Arthur say.
"No one outside the Order knew we were going to move Harry."
Then Erin uttered what none of them wanted to admit aloud: "Then someone has betrayed us."
Molly and Arthur began to argue and Fred embraced Erin, who seemed to be catching her breath.
Sirius did not want to listen to any more of it.
It boiled his blood to think that something like this might be happening, once again.
Perhaps he was the one who brought his bad luck everywhere.
Unexpectedly, he felt a hand on his arm squeezing him without much energy.
He turned around and saw Erin, her eyes half watery.
"There is no use going out there now."
Sirius nearly told her that was not what he wanted to do, but it was exactly the first thing that had crossed his mind.
Harry and his friends were still out there, and so were Tonks and Remus.
He did not want anything to happen to them.
"Am I so predictable?"
Erin looked at him and gave a weak-half smile even though it had not been Sirius' intention.
"It's what I'd like to do too, but it's not the best idea."
Erin was right but had he been alone, Sirius would have gone himself without thinking to rescue the rest, especially for Harry.
Maybe all he needed from time to time was a person to make him stop and think for a secon.
've uploaded, make a wish.
Or better, leave a review!
Thanks to everyone who reads.
Twelve Erin was still shaking when she entered the house with Molly, Arthur and Fred.
Sirius had stayed outside waiting for the rest but as soon as they entered the small hall, he appeared followed by Remus and Tonks.
"Someone has betrayed us."
It was the first thing she heard Remus say.
Erin would not have imagined in his life what happened next, the former professor took out his wand and pointed it at Sirius who raised his hands in defence.
Erin looked at Tonks, who looked back at her with the same confusion.
"Remus, there's no time for jokes."
Sirius replied, with a slight tone of impatience reflected in his voice.
"It's not a joke.
"Remus continued with his wand still high.
"I don't say it was you, nor any of us, but what if there's an imposter among us?
We have to be sure. "
Erin turned around breathing deeply.
Her head hurt, not even half of them had returned and now they were worried about a possible imposter.
Remus and Sirius continued their conversation, but Erin didn't hear anything they were saying until she heard her name mentioned and turned again.
Tonks, Remus and Sirius were watching her.
"It's your turn."
Erin had to resist not to roll her eyes.
She knew it was a very serious situation, but didn't she look like herself?
"You do it, Sirius."
Remus spoke.
He stared at her raising his wand, though with little spirit, as if the whole situation seemed ridiculous to him.
"It seems obvious to me this is Erin."
Sirius muttered.
"Come on, Sirius just ask her anything."
Tonks intervened.
Sirius and Erin stared at each other and Erin's only thought was she had to apologize.
And what would Sirius ask her?
"Something only us know."
Sirius said turning to look at Remus.
He nodded and Sirius began to explain himself.
"I woke Erin up one night, I was screaming without realizing it because I had a nightmare and she ran down as she thought someone was attacking us.
What was I dreaming about?"
Tonks and Remus were in total silence and Erin could see Arthur and Molly out of the corner of her eye by the window.
They seemed to be paying attention too.
"It was Harry."
She answered.
"Harry falling down the Veil."
"I told you so. "
Sirius commented, settling the discussion.
"It wasn't personal, Erin."
Remus told her.
She replied with a small smile and Remus and Tonks went outside again.
She was alone with Sirius again.
He was just a few meters away, the closest they had been that day except for when Erin had arrived a few minutes ago.
"Look, Erin."
She turned to look at him.
"I want to talk to you later, once everyone is back. "
"Sure."
She answered.
Was he feeling guilty too?
It was clear that it had been a silly argument, but Erin felt responsible.
She also wanted to solve it at last.
"We should go out with the others."
The two headed off to join Tonks and Remus, Erin also left but stayed next to Fred.
The wait was the worst in those moments of uncertainty without knowing when they would return, what might have happened to them.
Or worse, Erin thought with goosebumps, if all of them would return.
If they weren't even able to move Harry from one place to another without anything happening, how would they defeat Voldemort?
Harry was among the first to appear, next to Hagrid, pale as a ghost.
He was confused to see that only a few had returned, but he knew the Death Eaters had been waiting for them.
In choppy phrases he also confessed that Hedwig had been killed because he had used expelliarmus, although Sirius insisted immediately that it was not his fault.
They didn't even have them time to see if everyone was who they said they were, because the worst nightmares of everyone present became true.
Remus had left and when he came back in, followed by Ron and Hermione, he was carrying a person by his side.
Before Erin had time to assimilate what was happening, without being able to realize who it was, she shivered.
There was so much blood on that person's face she thought he was about to die.
Ginny screamed, Harry rushed to lift the legs of the person that Remus could not lift completely and then Erin saw his face.
She also had to repress herself so as not to scream.
It was George.
George, with his bloody hair and barely conscious.
Molly practically pounced on her son while carefully laying him on the couch.
After her, Arthur, Ginny, Fred and Ron had also rushed to approach him, and Erin had to step aside to make room for them.
She had seen enough to realise that George had lost his ear and after stepping aside, she didn't know what to do.
She thought she couldn't even move.
"He's losing a lot of blood."
She heard Arthur say.
Molly had already taken out her wand to try to cure her son.
On the other hand, Fred seemed still shocked and hadn't said a word, just like Harry.
Erin turned around unable to look at George for much longer, lying on that couch trying to hold on to his life, and watched Harry.
His lips were tight, and his brow furrowed.
He was most likely blaming himself for everything again.
When Bill, Fleur and Kingsley finally appeared in the Burrow, Molly had made George regain consciousness, but the atmosphere remained tense and almost everyone had shed tears.
All without exception did so after Bill announced that they had lost Mad-Eye.
Tonks broke into tears and Remus tried to comfort her even knowing it was useless.
Everyone knew what he meant to her.
Erin did no longer knew where to look.
The girl sat at the Weasley's kitchen table, next to Hagrid.
That afternoon was becoming so long and painful that it was unbearable.
The lump that had been in her stomach since she had arrived at the house had not yet disappeared.
Little by little the kitchen was filled in silently, with the exception of the Weasleys who stood beside George.
Bill came in suddenly, took a bottle of fire whiskey from a closet and a few glasses and began pouring shots.
"To Mad-Eye."
He said raising his glass.
Erin took a glass and even saw Harry and Hermione do the same; Arthur, Remus and Sirius, Fleur-only Tonks, who was already calmer, had refused one.
Everyone raised their glasses and put them together in a final toast for the friend and companion they had lost.
After the alcohol burned her throat, Erin thought that apart from Mad-Eye, George and the betrayal they had suffered, what could sink them the most was it could end all their hopes.
The hope of facing Voldemort was what had united them, they would be lost without it.
Erin got up from her chair and went to the living room, trying to control her nervousness.
She sat at one end of the couch, watching George.
He had fallen asleep.
They had already bandaged his head and the part where his ear had been before.
His face was clean, and Molly had also taken off his bloody clothes.
"How is he?"
She asked.
"I can't replace it."
She began to explain.
"It's Dark Magic."
Erin had imagined it.
"He has already made Fred laugh.
And he told me that now I can differentiate them."
Molly laughed nervously and Erin laid her hand gently on her shoulder.
"Then he's still our George."
"At least-at least he's alive."
She answered.
Erin could only nod because she didn't think she was able to say anything else.
The whole situation was surreal.
Erin had known the twins at a bad time in her life, they had defended and encouraged her for years and had practically made her one of their family.
She could not conceive how anyone might want to harm either of them.
"I don't want to bother you too much, but I think someone should stand guard tonight."
Erin said.
"You need to rest."
"Merlin, you don't bother Erin at all."
Molly sat up.
"Of course you can stay, it's a good idea but you also have to rest later, alright?"
She nodded and hugged the woman.
She was much calmer than Erin would have expected, although she knew Molly was a very strong woman.
She would know how to face it.
Dinner with the Weasleys and the others who had also decided to stay was full of tension.
The guesses about who had betrayed them were the main discussion, although Erin would have preferred not to hear a word about it.
It had been Mundugus without any doubt and Erin knew that everyone would feeling as stupid as herself for not realising it before.
Harry was the quietest of all and when he finished dinner, he just followed Ron and Hermione, all three with long faces.
Erin had expected him to explode at any moment or get up from the table and out to the door.
That's when Erin took the opportunity to get up too and talk.
"I'll take the first guard."
"We'll replace you later then."
Tonks said, referring to herself and Remus.
"And I'll stay with you."
Sirius announced.
Erin nodded at him.
It was exactly what she had been looking for.
The girl put on a sweatshirt and saw Sirius fasten his jacket too, before going outside.
Molly thanked both of them and when Erin was going out the door, she saw Sirius hugging her.
The girl smiled, that was a good sign.
When she met Sirius outside Erin had already forgotten everything she had intended to tell him that afternoon.
At least they were finally alone.
"Do you think Harry is fine?"
She asked.
"He's angry at himself, for no reason, but I understand it.
It would make me angry too. "
Sirius explained.
They had begun to walk around the house, using their wands to illuminate the way.
"George's fine.
I mean, Molly couldn't do anything to save his ear but at least he's safe."
"It shouldn't have happened.
It wouldn't have happened if it hadn't been for Mundungus-" Sirius did not finish the sentence.
Erin was also distraught and angry at the situation, but it was not her fault.
"I've never really trusted him, but I thought he was just a thief.
Perhaps a liar, but that's different from being a traitor."
Erin nodded silently.
It would be Harry's birthday in two days and Bill and Fleur's wedding a day after that.
None of that should be happening.
It was supposed to be a couple of peaceful days, or as close as possible to that.
The night seemed calm although the wind began to stir a little.
There was no sign of anyone in the surroundings of the house but still they decided to go to the pond next to the Burrow to take a look.
"I wanted to apologize for yelling at you yesterday."
Sirius suddenly said, taking her by surprise.
Erin stopped to talk to him.
"I should be the one apologising.
I had no right to invade your privacy like that."
"It doesn't matter, Erin, it was really silly.
I've been thinking about it all day, I didn't mean to upset you at all."
She extended her hand, smiling, and Sirius took it.
"We are fine."
Thanks to the light of their wands, Erin could see that Sirius was smiling a little too.
She was still curious sobefore they continued with their round, she tried to find out more cautiously.
"You have a brother, right? "
She asked.
"Yes, Regulus.
He was one year younger than me."
Sirius had answered without hesitation, although he had looked away from her for a moment.
Erin noticed he talked about him in the past and a thought invaded him, his brother was dead.
"When we were kids we always get along even though he was my parents' favourite.
It was like that until I entered Hogwarts or so, you know about Gryffindor.
Ever since then I distanced myself from everyone in my family, including him.
When it was time for him to enter, I also wanted him to be anywhere except Slytherin.
I don't know, I thought that perhaps someone else in my family would do something right."
Sirius stared at nowhere, looking absorbed in his thoughts.
"I missed my brother."
He admitted with a shaky voice.
"But what I wanted didn't happen.
He entered Slytherin and I left home, lived with the Potters.
I hardly saw him again.
He began to surround himself with more Slytherins, pureblood families and eventually joined the Death Eaters.
Like everyone else did."
There was a hint of disappointment in Sirius's voice.
Erin had the impression he hadn't told that story to many people.
"What happened to him?"
"I don't know.
I know he died but they never found his body.
I never knew what happened to him."
It was hard for Erin to look at him in the face, she didn't know what to say.
"I'm sorry."
Sirius cleared his throat and turned to look at her.
"It was a long time ago."
It may had been a long time ago but if it still bothered him it was because it still hurt.
Erin did not want to open old wounds so she proposed to approach the house again.
There was no one there and the thought comforted her.
They had had enough emotions for one day.
They made a second round around the Burrow to make sure everything was fine and when they finished Erin sat on the floor in the back of the house.
She told herself that it would only be a moment, because she still had a few hours ahead of her.
She had promised to stay awake until dawn arrived so as not to disturb Remus and Tonks.
Then, she would rest.
Sirius looked tired too and sat next to her sighing.
They were still holding their wands.
"I don't think anyone has followed us here."
Erin said.
"I hope not. "
Sirius spoke."
I'm tired."
"You should have gone to rest for a while."
Sirius shook his head.
"No way.
I didn't want to leave you alone. "
Erin felt a reassuring feeling in her chest.
"Besides, I've barely seen you all day."
"Did you miss me already? "
She asked laughing.
"Don't be so full of yourself."
Sirius pushed her, laughing too but then admitted it.
"Only a little."
"I'm glad you did."
She joked.
Erin felt that she was finally calm.
Although the night would be long and she would rest little, George would recover, and Harry was safe for the moment.
Things with Sirius were fine.
Tomorrow would be another da.
ell, that was quick.
This is also a fave of mine, enjoy!
Thirteen As usual, Erin was one of the first people to wake up the next morning.
It happened to her since she was little without aiming to do it, but now that she was an adult she was almost looking for waking up early.
She did not feel as calm at any other time of the day as when night fell, or day began.
She had had a strange feeling when she woke up and found herself in the Burrow.
When she had opened her eyes for a moment, she thought she was at Grimmauld Place, it seemed that she had almost gotten used to that old house that was becoming less and less creepy.
Then she had seen Hermione and Ginny sleeping peacefully in the same room and the memories of last night came upon her.
It must have been around eight or nine o'clock, so Erin removed the sheets trying to make as little noise as possible, got dressed quickly, did a quick bun and left the room.
Nothing else could be heard from where she was on the stairs although she was almost certain that Arthur and Molly were already taking care of something in the house or outside, or perhaps watching George.
She went downstairs and headed for the kitchen while yawning.
It didn't matter if she was in the Burrow or in Grimmauld Place, there were things that didn't change.
Sirius was already in the kitchen, with his back turned and a cup in his hand as he looked out the window.
"Good morning."
Erin said softly.
She didn't want to startle him or bother anyone else.
Sirius turned around, looking unsurprised.
"Good Morning."
He said also quietly.
"Do you want coffee?"
Erin nodded and stood beside the counter.
"Have you slept well? "
She asked.
"Yes. "
He replied as he sipped his coffee.
"And you?"
"Actually, I did."
Erin doubted that Sirius had really rested, unlike her, because he had huge dark circles under his eyes and messier hair than usual.
Apparently, Sirius was a light sleeper, even more so than her.
Maybe he was having nightmares again, she thought.
Sirius poured her a cup of coffee and also gave her a couple of biscuits.
Erin thanked him and moved closer to him, their arms brushing, to see what he was watching through the window.
Arthur was outside along with other people that Erin did not know, setting up a big tent with their wands.
They had already begun making preparations for the wedding.
Erin was glad that, at least, they had something good to celebrate, something that encouraged and distracted them a little.
Then, she turned away from the window and sat at the table, while Sirius remained standing but turned around so as not to turn his back on Erin.
"Do you know who I saw last night?"
Sirius asked.
"No."
They were talking almost in whispers but still Erin could notice some joy in his tone of voice.
"Harry and Ginny."
A cocked smile had made its way into Sirius's face.
"Where? "
She asked, wanting to know more.
"On the landing on the stairs in front of Ginny's room."
Erin could swear the girl was in the room when she had gone to sleep although she could have slipped away while she slept.
"They were talking, and they kissed, nothing strange."
He continued.
"I was only surprised because I didn't know Ginny really liked Harry."
"Ginny has liked Harry for a long time."
Erin added.
"So you know more than I do."
"Probably."
She answered.
"But I didn't know they were dating right now."
Ginny told her practically everything and she knew she had dated Dean Thomas even though she liked Harry.
Then he had told her they couldn't be together because he did not want to put her in danger, which sounded like something very typical of Harry.
"Should I talk to him about it?"
"No offense, Sirius, but if he hasn't told you anything yet, maybe he's ashamed."
She answered while chewing a biscuit.
She thought about asking him if he had talked to his parents about girls when he was young, but it was a bad example.
"The last time I dated someone, it took me months to tell my parents.
I would rather die than face it, to be honest. "
" That's a bit dramatic, isn't it?"
Erin nodded and felt her cheeks flush.
"I guess I've never been very brave, not even for that."
It was quite obvious it had also taken months for her to dare date her last boyfriend.
At that moment, she understood Harry.
"If you talk to him, I'd drop it subtly.
I'm sure he'll eventually tell you."
"I can try."
He said with a shrug.
"I guess there are things worrying him more than this."
Erin was certain too.
She ended up eating more biscuits while Sirius had breakfast in silence, as if he were thinking about approaching Harry and she didn't want to push him anymore.
She was already on her fourth cookie when Sirius left to help Arthur and Erin was left alone.
Most likely, everyone would spend the day there and the next night they would celebrate Harry's birthday at Grimmauld Place and return to the Burrow for the wedding.
Erin didn't do much that day, apart from hanging out with the Weasleys and trying to help around.
She did have time to talk to Bill and his future wife, Fleur Delacour.
Erin had not seen him in for a long time even though he was now in England with Fleur and they had both found a job at Gringotts.
If she was not mistaken, they had only been at one meeting of the Order without counting the previous day.
She had never been as close to Bill as she was to the rest of his brothers, although she was closer to him than to Charlie or Percy.
Besides, she knew that Molly had not liked Fleur at first, so she wasn't surprised she didn't spend so much time with his family.
The next day was a busy one.
Harry arrived at Grimmauld Place sooner than ever, with an immense smile that didn't even falter when Sirius pulled his ears so hard that they later turned red.
Erin had not seen many of his birthdays, but she was sure he would not forget it for many reasons.
The first was the amount of people who had gathered at Sirius' house.
For once it was for a good reason.
Half of them were the Weasleys, by the way, and the other half were members of the Order.
Even Kingsley had managed to escape and congratulate Harry in person.
The same scenes of hugs, kisses on the cheek and more ear pulls were repeated during the afternoon.
Erin had tried to greet everyone, stop to talk to her boss and help prepare dinner with such effort that she almost forgot she also had to finish the Alley map issue with Remus.
It took her only a second to tell Remus the nickname she had thought and he went to the other side of the room where Sirius was sitting and whispered in his ear.
Sirius looked at Erin, gestured with his thumb up and she kept talking to Ginny as if nothing had happened.
No one asked about it.
After dinner, Harry opened his presents while Arthur kept taking pictures of everything.
He had made the boy sit at the head of the dining room table and every time someone gave him a gift, Arthur ordered the person to sit next to Harry and pose to immortalize the moment.
"After today and tomorrow my father will have enough pictures to fill an entire album."
Ron said laughing.
Erin, who was standing around the table with the others, considered it funny but at the same time, it was also very kind of him.
"Let him be, he's so happy."
"That's because I know how to have a party. "
Sirius said to her right.
"And without a drop of alcohol."
"We'll see if you say the same thing tomorrow."
Remus said with a smile.
"I doubt it.
A wedding is a wedding.
"Sirius answered.
"But always with moderation, my friend."
Remus continued speaking to Erin.
"The last time Sirius got drunk at a party was last summer.
He started singing a Christmas carol about a hippogriff at the top of his lungs but making up every word."
Sirius started laughing out loud, followed by Remus and Erin let a grin escape.
"Well, I'd have liked to see it."
She added.
She had never heard Sirius sing and although it must have been disaster, she was sure he had done it because he was happy.
The gifts were followed by the most important thing above all, the chocolate cakes Erin had helped to make and also the coffees, teas or whatever they wanted to have the cake with.
Harry was sitting in the living room surrounded by his friends, with Sirius sitting next to him and Erin was at the dining room table, near Remus and Tonks, eating her piece of cake and thinking about having another portion.
In that moment, Hermione got up from the living room and sat in an empty place to Erin's left, putting her steaming cup of tea on the table.
"Hello."
"Hi.
Do you want another piece of cake?"
Erin offered.
"No, thanks.
I wanted to talk with you. "
Hermione had lowered her voice.
"Is everything okay?"
Erin turned and brought her chair a little closer to Hermione's.
The girl was staring at her cup of tea, surrounded with both her hands.
"It's Harry.
Last night he wanted to leave."
"Leave?"
Erin didn't know what she was referring to.
"Where?"
"Ron and I convinced him to wait or Molly would get upset.
He wanted to leave alone.
"Hermione continued.
"Hermione, I don't know what you're talking about."
Erin said, feeling utterly confused.
The girl began to make a very quick summary of what had happened, starting with Dumbledore who had entrusted Harry with a task of vital importance to end the Dark Lord.
It had to do with very dark magic, so dark Erin had barely heard of it.
Lord Voldemort had made seven Horcruxes and to it six lives had been lost and six pieces of his soul had been chained to them.
Suddenly, Erin did no longer felt like eating a second piece of cake.
"Why would he go look for them alone?
"She asked.
Hermione still had her head down and looked distraught.
"It's the worst idea I've ever heard."
"You know how Harry gets when something gets in his head.
We're not going to let him do it, we need help, of course.
We don't even know where to start looking. "
Erin was silent for a moment and looked sideways at Remus who seemed too absorbed with Tonks to realize what the two were talking about.
"Harry told Sirius about the Horcruxes but he didn't say anything about the search."
Hermione sighted.
"And I don't know how to tell him, to be honest."
Erin didn't remember having ever got mad at Harry, but at that moment she really felt hurt even if it had not to do with her.
She did not think Sirius would to react well.
"Can you talk to him?"
Hermione asked.
Erin had already expected it.
"You spend much more time with Sirius, he'll listen to you.
I'm afraid to go see Harry one of these days and find him gone Merlin knows where without saying a word."
From where they both were, Harry could be seen with Sirius with Ron, Fred and George, laughing while looking at some photos that Arthur had surely taken before.
"It's going to hurt him a lot "Erin said without looking away from the two of them.
Why wouldn't Harry tell his godfather?
Could it be guilt what he was be feeling so perhaps he did not want to involve anyone else?
Erin did not understand it.
The previous morning Sirius had already had the impression that Harry did not tell him enough, so she did not know how he would react then.
"I know.
Harry-I don't know what he's thinking."
Erin was relieved that at least Hermione was on the ball and had told her the truth.
"Thank you for telling me, Hermione.
I'll do it."
"I'm going back with them."
She said.
Erin nodded and Hermione left.
Erin also got up but left for the kitchen, taking her dish and a few more to the kitchen.
She thought that as soon as she found Sirius alone, she would tell him, though it would ruin the night for him.
She did not want him to be mad at Harry, but he had the right to know.
She felt proud of herself seeing that others could entrust her their problems but on the other hand, she would have liked to remain ignorant and not have to upset anyone else.
When she returned to the living room, she found Sirius joking with Tonks and Sirius sitting at the table where she had been with Hermione before; the girl, Harry and Ron were still with the others on the sofas.
Erin took it as an opportunity and approached Sirius.
"Does anyone want to have a coffee?"
She asked.
"I'm going to prepare one for me."
"I do."
Sirius answered."
Erin was surprised to see how well it had worked.
"Tonks?"
"Yes, with milk."
Sirius nodded and Remus passed with a discreet no thanks.
In the kitchen, Erin watched Sirius prepare the coffee as she had seen him do a thousand times before, without even knowing how to start explaining herself.
"You might want to drink something else.
There's something I want you to know, but maybe it's not the right time."
Shee said trying not to seem too blunt.
Erin turned around leaning her arm on the kitchen counter and turned to talk to him.
"Is it bad?"
He asked.
"You are not going to like it."
She admitted.
"But it would be better if you didn't get angry."
"I think you are just making it worse saying that, Erin."
She searched for his hands and squeezed them in an attempt to comfort him.
"They can see the kitchen from your living room."
"And what does it have to do with anything?"
Sirius said almost irritated, but did not let go.
"That you can start laughing like I'm telling you something funny.
They may be watching us."
She didn't know because she was facing the other direction.
"It's about Harry."
Sirius laughed a little and Erin did not notice any gesture of concern on his face.
"Why isn't it surprising?"
"Hermione just talked to me, she is worried about Harry.
She thinks she is going to escape to look for, I don't know what, Horcruxes or whatever.
I did not get it."
Erin said.
"You know something about it, she said.
Yesterday, Ron and she stopped him from leaving alone."
Sirius released his grip immediately and stood there for a moment.
He looked around the room and smiled to himself as if he had seen someone watching them.
Erin was sure of it, because at that moment, he would not want to smile at all.
"He hasn't said a thing to me."
Sirius had spoken quietly, so much that Erin had hardly heard him.
"I don't think he meant to hurt anyone."
She told him sincerely.
"I hope so too."
Sirius continued with what he was doing without saying a word and Erin waited in silence for him to finish.
She could easily see how he pressed his lips, he only needed to say one or two swear words for his annoyance to be totally visible.
"Does he think he cannot count on anyone?"
He said, without waiting for an answer."
Because he can, and he knows it well.
He's as stubborn as James."
Erin regretted not having waited for the next day to talk to him.
Sirius was angry, as expected.
"I know I'm not his father."
"Alright, that's it."
She interrupted him and they both looked at each other.
"I shouldn't have told you."
Sirius stopped, biting his lip as if he were holding back and shook his head.
"He wouldn't have told me anything."
"Don't talk to him about this now."
She pleaded.
"Hermione and Ron are with him and tomorrow he won't have time to try."
He nodded and Erin began to take out some cups, some spoons and sugar.
"It's one headache after another with Harry."
He groaned.
Erin knew that he didn't mean it, he was just angry.
"What is he thinking?"
She shrugged her shoulders.
"He is too young for everything happening to him."
She knew Sirius knew it well, but she still had to say it.
"Do you think he'd have really left without telling me?"
Looking into his eyes, Erin realised she couldn't lie to him, especially when he was feeling like that, no matter how much the truth might hurt.
"I don't think so.
And if he did, he would leave without telling anyone anything."
"Everything I've done has been for Harry.
I would do anything for him."
Erin could only nod.
It was more than clear that the person who mattered most in the world to Sirius was his godson.
Everyone who was there that night cared about him, it had been more than proved the day before they were willing to risk their lives.
"I know.
He knows it too, Sirius.
I'm sorry I told you so bluntly."
"It's fine.
If it weren't for you and Hermione I'd be completely in the dark."
He served the three coffees and stared at Erin.
She thought he would take his coffee and her cousin's and leave but to her surprise, Sirius approached her and leaning a little, put his hand on Erin's cheek and gave her a quick kiss on the other.
Erin only had time to see a fleeting smile on Sirius's lips as he turned and picked up the coffees.
Her cheeks flushed with the unexpected affection and Erin picked up her coffee too, still shocked.
From there she could hear Tonks complaining to Sirius loudly.
"What's up with you, have you gone all the way to America for that coffee?
"Fourteen At four o'clock in the afternoon of the following day, Erin and Sirius Apparated in the Burrow.
Harry was already there with Ron, Hermione, Fred and George, standing next to a marquee decorated with white flowers at the back of the house.
Half of the guests had already arrived: Bill and Fleur's relatives, other people Erin knew from the Ministry and many more that she did not know.
"Erin. "
Hermione greeted her.
"You look gorgeous!"
She hugged her and looked at herself.
She had put on a red dress, with thin straps and her back uncovered.
She had let her hair down and only had a little makeup on her cheeks and eyes.
"You too. "
She replied smiling.
Hermione was wearing the same colour although her dress was shorter and darker in colour, with rhinestones on her shoulders.
Sirius greeted everyone and went on to talk to Harry.
Hermione looked at him sideways and turned to Erin, raising her eyebrows.
"You're matching."
"It wasn't on purpose."
Erin said.
Hermione just smiled although it seemed she wanted to add something else.
It had come as a surprise for Erin too that same morning.
As she went down the stairs, she found Sirius in a suit with a tie the same colour as her dress.
He had assured her that he did not know, Erin had not told him the same.
It was a coincidence, nothing more, although Erin feared that the scene would be repeated more than once during the day.
As if she had provoked it herself just before entering the tent to sit at the ceremony, while walking with Hermione, Arthur appeared camera in hand.
"Erin!"
He called her. "
Come quick for a photo."
The girl was placed next to a floral arrangement where Arthur indicated and posed.
After taking the picture, Arthur saw Sirius enter the hall and stopped him.
"You too, Sirius.
Yes, you two."
Sirius shrugged and smiled at Erin who stayed where she was.
She laid her hand on his back and Sirius did the same but grabbed her by the waist.
Erin smiled and when Arthur was about to take the picture he commented: "Have you done it on purpose?
You are matching."
Sirius laughed immediately, making Erin laugh too, shaking her head.
Then, Arthur gave them the photo and the one he had taken of Erin and ran away to take more photos.
Erin held the rectangle in her hand, with Sirius at her side also observing the photo of the two of them.
They were both laughing, and Sirius smiled as he looked at her sideways.
Erin passed the picture to Sirius and he stared at it for a moment.
"I want a copy."
He said smiling.
"I love it."
Sirius took out his wand and another identical photo appeared a minute later.
"Can you keep it for me and give it to me later?"
He asked.
Erin nodded, keeping everything in her black bag, matching her shoes.
It was small but enough to carry some pictures.
Afterwards, Erin sat next to Hermione, a few rows behind Bill and Fleur's family, with Sirius and Harry just behind them.
The ceremony was not very long but emotional and by the time Bill and Fleur were proclaimed united for life, Erin had shed more than one tear.
Hermione also had tears in her eyes when everyone rose at the end to applaud the bride and groom.
Ginny and Gabrielle, Fleur's sister, were the bridesmaids.
The two wore the same golden dress, but the colour of it contrasted with Ginny's hair.
They were beautiful but nobody in the whole wedding could compare to the bride.
Fleur was dazzling with her white dress, tulle tail and a of black phoenix in the front making the shape of a heart.
In addition, she wore a tiara made by elves that had belonged to the Weasley family for years.
Erin thought no one could deny that Fleur was part Veela that day.
Bill, on the other hand, was the personification of happiness, unable to get away from whom was now his wife.
Erin congratulated them before everyone sat down to have dinner and celebrate.
Then, waiters kept passing with trays and trays of food, wine, champagne, butterbeer ... Erin ate so much that she thought she would explode.
After dinner, she got up to look for Ginny but on the way there she bumped into a nephew of Arthur who was her age and she had been trying to avoid all day.
At that moment, she did not find any familiar face to talk to or had the chance to pretend she had not seen him.
There was nothing else she could do but dance with him, as much as she hated dancing.
They hardly danced two songs, although it seemed to Erin that an eternity had passed, until George suddenly appeared at her side to save her.
Erin sighed with relief and thanked George, who winked and continued walking towards a girl with silver hair, no doubt a Delacour.
Erin took a drink from a passing waiter's tray, had a long sip and escaped from the dance floor to the tables.
She saw no sign of Ginny, Hermione or Ron.
Then she realized that she had not seen Sirius anymore since the ceremony was over, he had dined at another table.
She looked for him until she found him sitting at an empty table, like her with a cup in his hand.
"Hi there."
Erin said while sitting.
"Are you alright?"
"Hi.
Remus just abandoned me for Tonks."
Erin put the glass to her lips and smiled.
"Are they dancing?"
Sirius nodded and turned his chair to be in front of Erin.
"Harry was dancing too, with Ginny.
He seems more relaxed.
Hopefully, he has already put aside that stupid idea he had yesterday."
"I haven't seen them."
Erin commented.
"I think you were dancing too."
It made sense; Erin had been more worried about finding a way to sneak out than about what was going on around her.
"I would say I was being forced to dance."
She corrected him.
"I had been avoiding Barny Weasley all day.
Besides, I hate dancing."
"You also danced with George."
There was something in Sirius' voice that Erin could not decipher.
"I feel ofended."
"I won't dance anymore."
Erin said, looking into his eyes.
"Why not?"
"I'm terrible at it."
Erin complained.
"That's because you haven't had a good dance partner.
Today is your lucky day."
Erin laughed shaking hwe head while a cocked smile appeared on Sirius's face.
"Come on, Erin."
"I'm sure some woman will want to dance with you.
Fleur has a pretty young aunt.
And she's half vela."
"I know."
Sirius replied after drinking.
"Actually, she wanted to dance with me, but I told her I wasn't interested."
Erin looked away for a moment, thinking.
Why would he say no?
And if it had annoyed him to see Erin dance before, was he jealous?
From there she could see Luna Lovegood dancing in a strange way, Viktor Krum with a girl she did not know; even Ron and Hermione were dancing together.
The prospect of dancing with Sirius was appealing and perhaps that's why she was trying so hard to avoid it.
Feeling his gaze on her, Erin was almost certain she would have already blushed.
"I'm not leaving until you dance with me."
She heard him say.
"Alright.
"Erin murmured.
Sirius could be very insistent.
"Are you going to finish that?"
She looked at Sirius' glass, hers was almost empty.
Sirius looked at her and finished all that was left of the drink.
"I'm ready."
He stood up and Erin did the same, leaving her bag on the table.
Sirius extended his hand, Erin took it and the two walked, leaving the tables behind.
Erin did not know if she was imagining it or there were really people looking at them as they made their way to the dancefloor.
Just when they arrived, the band finished playing and started another slower song.
"Couldn't you have chosen any other song?
"Erin complained.
Actually, it excited her more than annoy her, but she wanted to hide it.
Sirius saw her only as a friend, didn't he?
She laid her hands on Sirius's shoulders and he on her waist.
They were so close that Erin feared he could hear how fast her heart was beating.
"You are as red as your dress."
Sirius said, suppressing a smile.
"I hate you right now."
Erin murmured.
"I don't believe a word you say."
Before that day, She would not have imagined dancing like this with him.
Many people were around them but Erin almost forgot it wasn't just the two of them.
Sirius knew how to move, much better than her, and also how to lead her and where.
Erin surprised herself thinking that the song was going to end faster than she wanted.
When it did, Sirius looked at her without letting go.
"Was it so horrible?"
"I guess I can tolerate another song."
She confessed.
"Didn't I tell you I'm an excellent dance partner?"
The song was followed by another, not as slow as the previous one, and Erin just left a hand on his shoulder.
They held each other's hands, their fingers entwined.
It was delicate but it also felt like something intimate for her.
While dancing, Erin felt more relaxed and Sirius even spun her more than once.
She couldn't help smiling and when they finished again, Erin watched as Sirius's gaze passed from her eyes, all over her face, until she swore he had stopped to look at her lips.
She felt a mixture of sensations, unable to understand if it was really happening.
If he dared to kiss her around so many people, Erin was going to kill him.
Maybe later…Suddenly, Sirius raised his head and looked past Erin.
"Harry? "
He asked surprised.
"Are you okay?"
She turned around and saw Harry with his hands on his knees, Hermione beside him and Ron also watching him.
Something was not right.
She was about to say something when a silver lynx appeared throughout the room.
Erin was shaken by a chill and before she had time to say that this was Kingsley's patronus ,his deep voice rang out.
"The Ministry has fallen.
Scrimgeour is dead.
They are coming."
A collective gasp was heard and everything that followed happened too quickly.
Erin let go of Sirius's grip, ran to the table where she had left her bag and managed to get her wand out without shaking.
There were people screaming, running from one place to another.
As soon as the patronus disappeared, figures dressed in black appeared.
Death Eaters.
The protective barriers around the Burrow would have fallen and the most sensible thing then was to disappear as quickly as possible and find a safe place.
Somewhere, Erin heard Tonks shout Protego and Hermione call Ron loudly.
She didn't know where to go, until she saw Sirius running towards her.
"Erin!"
He screamed.
She tried to get closer to him, she still had at least a few meters to reach him, when a man with dark hair appeared between the two and raised his wand at Erin without giving her time to react.
"Expulso!
"The stranger pronounced.
Erin fell to the ground, hitting her head.
Dazed, she tried to stand up before she was attacked again, but Sirius was faster and appeared behind the Death Eater.
"Petrificus totalus."
The man fell at a very short distance from Erin, who watched everything breathing heavily.
Sirius was finally at her side, Erin reached out to grab him and suddenly the darkness plunged her.
All he felt was the hand of Sirius squeezing hers so as not to let it go while they appeared and the next second, when she opened her eyes she found himself in the middle of Grimmauld Place.
Sirius had landed beside her, not falling like her.
Sirius' eyes reflected the same horror that Erin felt inside.
The Ministry had fallen.
Erin with anyone: I fucking hate dancing Erin with Sirius: idk I've suddenly changed my mind
