A/N: Thanks for all the feedback already!
I'll try to post chapters regularly, seeing as this story is already finished, it's just the matter of editing and revising.
As always—enjoy, and feel free to message me or follow me on tumblr: rcgulus-bllack.
The door to the cottage opens before Darcy reaches it.
At the sight of him in the threshold, leaning against the crooked door frame—looking effortlessly cool and making her weak in the knees—Darcy comes to an abrupt halt.
A relieved sort of smile spreads on her face, her heart beating very fast and she thinks possibly skipping a few beats in the process, and Lupin gives her a small smile in return before walking towards her.
She admires, for a moment, how casual he looks, how natural and relaxed he looks instead of being dressed in semi-professional wear or robes.
Part of her misses him dressed nicely—a loosened tie around his neck, pulling down the collar of his shirt to place a chaste kiss on his neck.
Even in the warm summer air, Lupin wears a thin shirt with sleeves that cover much of his scarred arms, the long sleeves bunched up halfway up his forearms, barely concealing the bite Darcy knows is there.
Before she even has the chance to offer him a breathless greeting, Lupin wraps his arms around her and pulls her right to his chest.
"I'm so glad you're all right," he murmurs into her hair.
Darcy slowly wraps her arms around his neck, slightly perplexed, but smiling all the same, feeling rather pleased with herself for coercing such a reaction out of him.
"Of course I'm all right," she answers, pulling away from him and letting her hands linger upon his broad shoulders before lowering them to her sides.
She continues to smile up at him dreamily.
"Why wouldn't I be?"
"Here, let me help you with this."
She expects Lupin to pick her trunk up himself, waiting to admire the strain and muscle in his forearms, but instead he takes his wand out and waves it almost lazily.
This surprises Darcy, as being at Privet Drive and having to hide her magic from the Dursleys has sometimes made her forget she's old enough to even use magic whenever she wants over the summer.
Darcy's trunk floats behind them as they walk back to the cottage, shoulder to shoulder.
As Darcy and Lupin cross over the threshold inside, she's hit with an overwhelming smell of food—of real food, more food than she's likely eaten all summer.
Sure enough, he's prepared food just as she's asked him to, and many of the foods she's been dreaming about—she can distinctly smell the savory smell of bacon and hears it sizzling in a pan, a carton of eggshells still sits on the counter, and the smell of coffee is the thing that almost sets her over the edge.
Darcy feels a rush of gratitude towards Lupin for this gesture, wanting to kiss him so much, right now, but she's far too embarrassed and nervous to kiss him not five minutes into her stay.
The inside of the cottage is very different from the outside.
While the outside is crumbling and dirty and dilapidated, the inside is warm and in a state of repair, it seems.
A large fireplace big enough for both Darcy and Lupin to stand in relatively comfortably (being so tall, the both of them would have to duck) is the first thing Darcy notices, and the warmth from the fireplace washes over her.
Set in front of the hearth is a long, aged sofa, angled to face the streaked window and—to Darcy's surprise—a television, which is tuned to a news station at low volume.
There's another squashy looking armchair in the corner of the room, not at all matching with the sofa.
The few windows let in a generous amount of light, and Darcy is glad to see Lupin still relies on electricity instead of candles and oil lamps like at Hogwarts.
She turns around to view the small kitchenette, complete with sink, stove, refrigerator, and oven—bacon and sausages cook in pans on the stove, the source of the delicious smell, and opposite the counters against the wall is a decent-sized island with three mismatched stools pushed against it.
Beyond the living area is another room, presumably leading the bedroom and bathroom.
Darcy looks around the room once more, and then turns to Lupin, who rubs the back of his neck and clears his throat, not meeting her eyes.
There's shame written all over his face.
"Like I said, it's .
.
.
it's not a whole lot, but I was able to fix it a bit with the salary Dumbledore was paying me.
He was quite generous—unnecessarily so, I think, but .
.
.
it's home."
"I love it," she says breathlessly, not looking away from him.
Darcy's eyes then take in Lupin's appearance.
His hair is different—that's the first thing she notices.
Usually rather shaggy, it has grown out a little in the time since they've last seen each other.
It falls into his eyes in earnest now, and Lupin continues to push it back out of his face, giving his head a shake to get it out of his eyes, the gray streaks especially pronounced in the sunlight that shines through the window.
Coarse hair, light brown and also flecked with gray, covers his face, trimmed and even compared to the usually patchy beard he typically wore over the last year due to tiredness.
Finally, Lupin looks at her in the face again, his shame seemingly evaporated by Darcy's warm sentiment.
His eyes sweep over her, and Darcy is suddenly very conscious of how she must look to him.
She forces her hand to remain at her side in order not to give anything too obvious away, almost instinctively raising it to her left cheek, where there's still some light bruising.
Her fingers are a little bruised, and Darcy curses herself for wearing a dress that reveals the back of her thighs, where welts are still present from a caning just a few days prior.
She's also very aware that she must look severely underfed—she normally does after every summer, just not as badly as this—and sickly.
Darcy blushes thinking about her appearance, and finds herself inwardly hoping her embarrassment will at least put some color back into her face.
"You look .
.
."
Lupin stops himself, clenching his jaw, his eyes settling on her bruised cheek.
"Why didn't you tell me?
Why didn't you say anything in any of your letters?"
His fingertips brush lightly against the bruise on her cheek, but Darcy stops him.
Lupin frowns, lowering his hand and taking the hint.
"It isn't as bad as it usually is," Darcy admits sheepishly, her stomach growling.
"It doesn't matter, anyway.
I'm here now."
"And Harry?"
"What about Harry?"
she asks, hoping Lupin will forego the current topic for something more interesting—like the large amount of food currently waiting to be eaten.
"Is he covered in bruises and hurts, as well?"
Lupin says again, his voice lower, almost a growl.
"No," Darcy replies quickly and sternly.
"No, Vernon doesn't usually hit Harry."
When Lupin opens his mouth in answer, Darcy adds, "I'd rather not talk about this right now."
Lupin hesitates, but closes his mouth.
When Darcy's stomach roars again, this time louder than ever, he seems to remember the food he's been cooking.
"You must be hungry.
Your letters had me worried.
Have you had breakfast?"
"I'm starving, actually," Darcy sighs loudly and contently.
Lupin smiles at her as she takes a seat at one of the stools at the island.
Lupin loads her plate with all kinds of food—eggs, bacon, sausages, toast, fruit (however, tired of fruit for breakfast, she shakes her head and Lupin dumps it back into a bowl with a laugh).
They sit together at the island, and between mouthfuls of food, Darcy tells Lupin all about the diet Dudley had been put on, how she and Harry had only kept from starving by eating mostly candy leftover from their time at Hogwarts.
Darcy eats three platefuls of food, still eating long after Lupin is done and eating until her stomach rolls violently, yet he sits patiently until she's finished, listening all the while with both amused and angry expressions, switching back and forth.
"I would have sent you food had you asked," Lupin finally says, taking her empty plate to the sink rinsing it off.
"Why didn't you?"
Darcy waves an impatient hand, feeling very full and tired.
"It wasn't a big deal."
Her stomach begins to ache, not having eaten so much for a little while now.
Darcy tries to remember when her last real, true meal had been that hadn't left her feeling hungrier.
All she can think of is the end of the year feast—but here, sitting with Lupin and eating food that he'd cooked for her, is better than any feast she's ever had at Hogwarts.
Lupin looks at her, shaking his head.
"It's a big deal to me, Darcy."
He suddenly looks around wildly, startling her.
"You didn't bring Max?"
"No," she says.
"I thought it would be kinder to leave him with Harry.
You know, just to save your fingers and all that."
Darcy yawns, rubbing her face with her palms.
"Can we sit on something more comfortable?"
Nodding eagerly, Lupin gets to his feet.
Darcy follows him to the sofa and as soon as she sits down, she melts into it, not having realized how exhausted she is.
He picks up the day's newspaper and Darcy recognizes Fudge on the front page, seemingly yelling, though the photograph is silent.
The thought of Fudge's disbelief when Sirius had escaped just a few weeks ago makes her smile.
She wonders where her godfather is now.
"I'm glad you're here, Darcy," Lupin says, looking sideways at her, a pink tint to his cheekbones.
"Me too.
I missed you."
Darcy makes herself more comfortable, draping her legs over Lupin's lap, and within seconds, she's asleep.
Darcy sleeps most of the first day, occasionally opening her eyes just a tiny bit whenever she hears a noise.
Lupin moves around the house quite a bit—she wakes once to find a warm blanket draped over her, and she wakes again a little while later when Lupin fumbles with some soapy plates in the sink.
Each time her eyes flutter open, the sun is lower and lower in the sky, but Lupin never shakes her awake or speaks to her or disturbs her—he allows her to sleep as long as she wants, until dinner, that is, and Darcy wakes again when he whispers into her ear.
"Are you hungry, love?"
Darcy opens her eyes, looking into his face, so close to hers.
His lips so close to her skin makes her blush, his whispered voice sending shivers down her spine.
She smiles at him, and he smiles back.
"Yes," she says.
"Very."
Lupin fills a plate with pork chops and thick, brown gravy, roasted red potatoes, and string beans, letting her eat on the sofa in front of the television.
He joins her, and they eat in silence, watching a sitcom with a laugh track that Darcy's never seen before in her life.
It's a comfortable silence, and there's a sort of freedom present that slightly unsettles her.
At Privet Drive, Darcy would never be allowed to eat such copious amounts of food while watching the television, nor would she be allowed to sleep on the sofa as long as she pleased.
Even at Emily's home, Mr. and Mrs. Duncan are always around—one or the other—checking in on Darcy and Emily and making sure they're doing something.
While Mr. Duncan had always been perfectly satisfied with the two of them sitting in front of the television all day, Mrs. Duncan had always preferred the girls to go do something, get out of the house and take advantage of the outdoors.
"I forgot to ask," Lupin says suddenly, breaking Darcy's train of thought and lowering his fork from his mouth.
"How did your .
..
.
's turn out?"
"Three Outstandings—Defense Against the Dark Arts—" "—sleeping with your Professor helped, then?"
"Shut up," Darcy chuckles, flushing crimson.
"I earned that Outstanding."
"You did," he confirms, inclining his head slightly.
"Go on.
What other subjects did you pass with flying colors?"
"Potions and Charms, both Outstandings.
Exceeds Expectations for Transfiguration and Herbology, and an Acceptable for Ancient Runes."
"Your mother was exceptionally good at Charms," Lupin grins, returning to his dinner.
"Did you know that?"
"No," Darcy shrugs, stuffing her mouth with string beans.
"Almost everything I know about my parents, I know from you."
Then she remembers something, and Darcy puts her plate on the table, turning in her seat to face him.
Lupin raises his eyebrows at such an abrupt movement.
"Aunt Petunia showed me a picture at the beginning of the summer, when I first got back from Hogwarts."
"Of what?"
"She said it was the last picture my mother ever sent to her," Darcy explains, remembering it fondly, wishing she'd brought it with her to show him.
"It was of my parents, and you're in it, and Sirius, and .
.
.
Peter was in it."
"He was?"
"I tore the picture so he isn't in it anymore.
I have it hanging on my wall and didn't like the idea of Peter's picture being just above my head," Darcy replies quickly, feeling the need to explain herself.
"And I'm in it, too.
I'm laying in Sirius' lap, just a little girl."
She runs a hand through her hair.
"I miss him so much.
I didn't know how much I'd miss him."
"I know you miss him, and I'm sure, wherever he is, that he's thinking of you."
Darcy falls asleep on the sofa again after dinner.
It's nice to sleep, even if her dreams are invaded by Peter Pettigrew, the one face that she hates even more than Snape's.
But this time, Lupin wakes her close to midnight, running his fingers through her hair gently to do so.
Darcy wakes almost immediately, nuzzling into his palm when he touches her cheek with one of the lightest touches he's ever given her.
"Come on, love," he breathes, taking her hand and attempting to pull her off the sofa.
"Come sleep in the bed."
Drowsy and groggy, and still—incredibly—sleepy, Darcy allows Lupin to pull her into the back bedroom.
She barely has time to register the room and what's inside of it, climbing into the bed without getting undressed.
Lupin covers her with the blankets and, for a split second, Darcy's heart begins to race, thinking Lupin will slide into bed beside her, to hold her and to kiss her, but he only places a very soft kiss to her temple and leaves the room, and when she wakes again come morning, bleary-eyed and disoriented, it doesn't seem as if the other side of the bed has been disturbed at all.
Lupin's waiting for her outside the bedroom, already fully dressed, the smell of coffee lingering in the air.
Darcy walks dreamily towards him and the delicious smell at the kitchen counter, taking a steaming mug from Lupin's outstretched hand.
"Sleep well?"
"Did you?"
she asks, glancing towards the sofa, where there isn't any evidence he's slept there, either.
"Did you even come to bed last night?"
Lupin considers her, eyes traveling up and down her body, the corner of his mouth twitching very slightly.
He looks at her over the rim of his coffee mug, and doesn't speak until he sets it back on the counter.
"Did you want me to?"
Darcy blushes, clearing her throat loudly.
"Can we go to Diagon Alley today?"
she asks, avoiding Lupin's intense gaze and sly grin.
"I need to go to Gringotts."
"Of course.
Let me know when you're ready."
Darcy takes her sweet time getting ready.
Without the impatient tapping of Aunt Petunia's foot, it's very relaxing to be able to move at her own pace.
Lupin waits patiently for her, and doesn't ask her once to hurry up—in fact, he doesn't pester her at all, except once, when he sticks his head into the bathroom while she's in the shower, asking if she wants breakfast (Darcy doesn't really count this as pestering, considering it very sweet—so much so that she nearly swoons).
Privately, Darcy wishes he would join her in the shower, but part of her is glad he doesn't.
Completely naked, Darcy notices more old, partially healed bruises that have been hiding under her clothes that she'd rather he not see.
Another part of her doesn't know if she could handle such intimacy first thing in the morning, glad he isn't here to see the blushing mess just the thought of showering with him makes her.
Upon exiting the bathroom, Darcy dresses quickly and takes advantage of being shut inside Lupin's bedroom by herself.
She looks around the room, careful not to rifle through anything that may be too personal or private.
His bedroom is just a little bigger than his bedroom at Hogwarts had been, and much more decorated with personal effects.
There are several photographs on the dresser—some in frames, and a very small stack beside them—and Darcy smiles at a few well-worn Gryffindor items hanging on one of the blank walls.
It reminds her very much of she and Harry's bedrooms back in Privet Drive.
Darcy picks up one of the framed photographs, an old and yellowing thing—this particular picture is of four boys, arms thrown around each other's shoulders, shuffling awkwardly together and flashing winning smiles at the camera and up at Darcy.
The boy on the end looks so much like Harry it takes her breath away momentarily.
Their hair is exactly the same—untidy, dark, and thick, and his glasses occasionally slide down the bridge of his nose, but he pushes them up with his free hand nonchalantly and casually.
Beside James is Sirius, just as he looks in all the old photos she's seen of him—handsome to a fault and haughty looking, high cheekbones and a straight nose and a smirk on his lips.
Sirius's arm is wrapped right around Lupin's neck—shaggy, sandy colored hair desperately in need of a comb, smiling broadly.
And beside Lupin is Pettigrew—fleshy and blond, nervous looking and very small when compared with the three others boys, reminding Darcy forcibly of Neville Longbottom, but much less cute.
"Darcy, love, are you dressed?"
Darcy jumps at the sound of Lupin's muffled voice.
Still looking at the photograph, Darcy answers, "Yes."
Lupin opens the door and almost immediately spots Darcy looking at the photograph.
She replaces it on the dresser and picks up another loose picture to busy herself.
This one is just of Lupin, no more than sixteen, seated in what looks to be the Gryffindor common room, homework and books spread out on the table, reminding Darcy very much of Hermione.
Every so often, the Lupin in the photograph looks up at the camera, offering a weak and tired smile before going back to his parchment, writing very quickly.
The adult Lupin appears at Darcy's shoulder, looking at the photograph.
"You were very handsome," Darcy notes, smiling up at him before looking back at the picture.
Lupin laughs, snatching the picture from her hands.
"You'd better stick to that story," he teases, examining the picture closely with a fond look upon his face.
"Seventh year.
Peter took that one."
"Let me see it again."
Lupin holds it out of her reach, raising his eyebrows.
"You're looking at the real thing," he says with a toothy grin.
"Am I suddenly not good enough for you now that you've seen a picture of me at my prime?"
"Your prime?
You don't even have any facial hair in that picture."
Darcy stops grabbing for the picture, throwing her wet hair over her shoulder.
"It'll just be something to think about when I fall asleep tonight."
"Cheeky."
Lupin shakes his head.
"Come have breakfast, love."
They eat a quick breakfast; Darcy shovels food into her mouth, not leaving much room for conversation.
As she continues to eat as much as she can, Darcy finds her thoughts wandering to Harry.
She wonders what breakfast was at Privet Drive this morning, wonders if Harry is starving, dreaming of a breakfast such as she is eating.
Darcy lowers her silverware and pushes her plate away, suddenly very disgusted with herself.
Lupin notices her half-empty plate, however, and tilts his head.
"Was it all right?"
"Do you think Harry's all right?"
A crease appears between Lupin's eyebrows and he combs his hair back with his fingers.
"I'm sure he's fine," Lupin answers slowly.
"He'd send you a letter if he needed you.
He knows you're here, doesn't he?"
"Yes, I know—he does, but—I've never done anything like this before and I—I don't want him to think that, well—" "Darcy," Lupin interrupts, looking apologetic and hurt.
"You don't have to be here, you know that, right?
You're not my hostage .
.
.
if you want to go back to Harry, I won't stop you.
But I want you to know that I'd miss you terribly."
"No—!
No, I just—this is so wonderful, and you're so wonderful.
I want to be here .
.
.
with you."
Darcy sighs heavily, looking down at her plate, but it only makes her nauseous.
She looks back up at Lupin, but his back is to her as he cleans up the mess he's made while making breakfast.
"I know you asked him if it was all right to see me.
He told me, you know."
Lupin looks over his shoulder at her just long enough for Darcy to see the faint blush that's crept up his face, making his cheeks pink.
She smiles, her heart melting, knowing that she has the ability to make a grown man flush.
"I thought it would be easier to ask Harry for permission than Sirius," he admits finally.
This gives Darcy pause.
"What do you think Sirius would say?"
she asks quietly, and Lupin stops cleaning, turning around again and leaning against the counter.
"I haven't told him, not that I've really had the time."
"Nor have I, though we haven't been writing regularly as I'm sure you are," Lupin sighs.
He digs his hands deep into his pockets, thinking hard for a moment.
"I don't see a reason why Sirius should know about, er—what we've done, until things are a little more .
.
.
ah .
.
.
decided between us.
Though, I think he noticed our .
.
.
closeness .
.
when we were all in the Shrieking Shack."
"He suspects something, I'm sure of it," Darcy says indifferently, remembering their conversation as they had all walked through the tunnel towards the base of the Whomping Willow a few weeks ago.
"He mentioned something about us being close, and then the first letter he sent me, it said—" It's Darcy's turn to blush now.
"Nothing, it's nothing.
Never mind."
"He said nothing?"
Lupin smiles nervously.
"He said something, but it's .
.
.
can we just go now?"
Darcy feels very hot and uncomfortable, despite the light clothing she has on.
"Of course," he chuckles.
"We can Apparate, or if you're more comfortable with Floo Powder, we—" "No!"
Darcy interjects quickly, remembering her first time using Floo Powder.
It had been at the Burrow, incidentally, and Darcy had gone just after watching Mr. Weasley and Ron.
The entire Weasley family had assured her that she was going to be all right, but Darcy hated the feeling of being licked by strangely cool flame, hated the feeling of being spun around and around and around, and especially hated being shot out of the Leaky Cauldron's fireplace without warning with soot in her mouth and eyes and her elbows hurting from knocking into the walls of the fireplace.
Darcy had swallowed enough ash that day to last her a lifetime, and when Harry had missed the correct fireplace, Darcy had lost control of herself.
"We can just Apparate.
I have my license."
"Good," Lupin shrugs, clearly happy with this choice.
"Much cleaner."
Fifteen minutes later, Darcy clutches onto Lupin's arm as they turn on the spot just outside of the cottage.
Still not used to it, despite having her license, the sensation makes her dizzy and unsteady once their feet meet the cobbled ground of Diagon Alley.
Lupin holds onto her for a moment, his hands pumping heat through her skin and into her very veins and being, and when Darcy regains her balance, they walk up to Gringotts.
So early in the summer, Diagon Alley doesn't seem as busy as it normally does.
Without students hustling and bustling up and down the streets, blocking shop window displays and doorways and arguing over broomsticks and where to take lunch, its quite nice, despite the overcast, gray, London sky.
Even the goblins at Gringotts get her down to her vault reasonably quickly, and after a few strange looks regarding her unusual request to trade some Galleons for Muggle money, the goblin obliges her, greedily grabbing at the golden coins from her upturned palm during the exchange.
With food in her stomach, money in her pocket, and Lupin's hand in hers, Darcy drags him from shop to shop.
They spend hours window shopping, prowling through the apothecary, buying candy they've never tried before.
They laugh together—Darcy can't remember laughing so easily while at Privet Drive—and share shy smiles and enjoy each other's company.
Darcy hardly lets go of his hand all day, relishing the feeling of his fingers occasionally lacing with hers.
For weeks she had craved his touch, had felt it only in dreams, and Darcy suddenly realizes how little contact they've had.
She makes it a point to hold onto his arm or squeeze his hand as much as she can, and she gives him little distracted touches every so often.
After a while, Lupin insists on stopping for Florean Fortescue's for ice cream when it begins to drizzle.
Even the sight of Florean lifts her spirits, and he brings Darcy her favorite ice cream sundae.
"Where's your brother today, Miss Potter?"
Florean asks with a smile, returning with Lupin's ice cream.
"Home, sir," Darcy tells him, digging into her own ice cream sundae.
"You'll see us both again at the end of the summer, I'm sure."
"All right," Florean says, and before turning he adds, "Make sure to keep all four legs on the ground, Potter."
Everything goes well the rest of the day—the sprinkling rain stops falling and the gloomy clouds keep the hot sun from beating on them.
It's freeing to be with Lupin and not have to worry about anyone seeing them, freeing to know she can touch him however she'd like.
So far, Darcy hasn't seen anyone she knows, but she doesn't care anymore.
Let others see them—let them see how much she cares about him, how much he cares about her.
Let them see the way Lupin puts ugly and ridiculous sunglasses onto her face and laughs at her, let them see the way Lupin laughs loudly when Darcy makes jokes, laughing as if he is no more than a boy again.
She wants people to see how happy this man makes her, and eventually, they get the chance while they're looking at a cart full of books.
"We could read one," Darcy suggests, pulling out a dark green book.
The cover has a very handsome man on it with long hair, and a beautiful woman at his feet, her hair blowing in the wind.
She turns it over, reading the back.
"This seems promising."
She raises her eyebrows.
"And very erotic."
Lupin, in turn, holds up a book with a werewolf on the front, but Darcy has a feeling whoever drew the picture has never seen a werewolf in their life.
He reads the back outloud.
"'A love story for the ages.'"
Lupin eyes scan the rest of the synopsis and he chuckles, placing it back where he'd found it.
"Also very erotic."
"How fitting," Darcy mumbles absentmindedly, pulling out another book without a title on it.
She opens it to the middle of the book and something squirts from the pages, hitting her in the forehead.
"Christ—what the hell was that?"
The man behind the cart apologizes profusely, looking harassed and red-faced.
"I'm sorry—I should have warned you—" Lupin waves his wand quickly, making the gooey liquid disappear from her face.
He laughs, putting his wand away.
"Do I want to know what that was?"
she asks the man warily.
He frowns.
"Probably not."
Darcy looks back at Lupin, brushing her hair out of her face and smiling at him.
She takes his hand in her's again and he gives it a gentle squeeze.
"Is it gone?
Do I look all right?"
"Beautiful as—" "Potter!"
Both Darcy and Lupin turn around quickly, and at the sight of Professor McGonagall, Darcy is so surprised that she only lets go of Lupin's hand when McGonagall's eyes flick down to them.
Darcy feels her face turn red, and even Lupin has the decency and grace to look slightly abashed.
Professor McGonagall smiles curtly at them both, approaching a little closer.
"What are you doing here, Professor?"
Darcy asks casually, trying her hardest not to look too ashamed.
"I, like you, enjoy spending the summer out and about, Potter," Professor McGonagall replies with a very small smile.
"Believe it or not, we teachers have lives outside of Hogwarts."
She glances at Lupin.
"Remus, how have you been?
I am sorry about what happened, truly."
Lupin shrugs, grimacing.
"The truth would have come out eventually.
Might as well have been at the end of the year."
"Regardless, I think all three of us can admit that it was handled poorly."
McGonagall looks from Lupin to Darcy and back again, eyes glancing down to their hands again to see the backs of their fingers brushing.
Darcy puts a little distance between them.
"Congratulations, by the way, Potter.
Your grades were just as excellent as I thought they would be.
.
..
.
level Transfiguration is some of the most advanced magic that is taught at Hogwarts.
An E is very admirable."
Darcy smiles, flushing with pride.
"It's not an O," she jests.
"But I suppose my Transfiguration grade won't matter where I'm headed."
"You can still get very far in a career with an E," Professor McGonagall says, not unkindly, seeming a little prideful, as well.
"Remus got an E in .
..
.
Transfiguration, as well.
Had he been a little less busy pulling pranks with his friends and kissing girls in broom closets, perhaps he could have scraped an O."
To Darcy's surprise, Lupin laughs outloud, seemingly ten years younger.
"I don't think it matters much," he teases, grinning down at Darcy, sounding only a little bitter.
"Not a single job I've ever held has been determined by my Transfiguration .
..
.
Like you said, an E is very admirable."
The three make small talk for a few more minutes before Professor McGonagall checks a pocket watch and insists she needs to get on with her shopping.
Lupin suggests they leave soon, as well, if they want plenty of time to eat dinner.
Darcy watches after McGonagall, wishing she had the ability to read minds, if only to know what she'd really been thinking upon seeing them holding hands.
She wonders if McGonagall is racing off to tell Dumbledore right away.
Lupin takes her hand again, laces their fingers together, and brings Darcy back to her senses.
She looks up at him, waiting for him to take the lead and Disapparate.
"Did you hear me, Darcy?"
he asks, chuckling.
"Where are you?"
"I'm here.
What did you say?"
"Nothing," he says, but Darcy doesn't quite believe him.
Though, by his sly smile, she doesn't think he's going to repeat himself.
"Are you ready, love?"
Darcy nods, and within seconds, feels her feet leave Diagon Alley, traveling through space and time towards the cottage she feels is hom.
arcy has a hard time remembering the last time she's done normal things.
Emily had always thought Darcy a little strange for getting excited about going places—the theater, the library, the grocery, the lake—but Emily never understood.
Years of being cooped up at Privet Drive without being able to go out and do things—primarily because of a lack of Muggle money and a suspicious uncle—leaves Darcy feelings restless.
But now, here with Lupin, who is more than willing to do whatever Darcy pleases whenever she wants, it's exciting.
The first place Darcy takes him is the market she'd visited with Aunt Petunia.
It's just as she remembers it—smelling of spices and flowers and perfume-like scents.
It's not as busy as it had been on that Sunday she'd gone with Aunt Petunia, but a distracted Darcy is still jostled around by hurried shoppers, their arms full of bags, pulling along young children with wide eyes or otherwise struggling under the weight of all their shopping.
All around, the building is full of colors and a nearby baker calls out to no one in particular as he displays fresh baguettes on his cart.
Darcy sees the kindly butcher, where Aunt Petunia had bought some lamb, and a leathery-skinned man replenishing his corn display with large, tough hands.
Darcy buys all kinds of fresh food for dinner—she purchases meat from the butcher, bread from the baker, vegetables from the cheapest stand she can find.
She buys a cookbook simply because the juicy steak on the cover looks so appealing.
They peruse the antiques, looking at old clocks and tea sets, and Lupin buys Darcy some sunflowers after the young florist surprisingly remembers her.
Darcy flushes a deep crimson as Lupin hands her the bouquet, but he hardly seems abashed, a smile on his face.
"No one's ever bought me flowers before," she confesses sheepishly, admiring the sunflowers.
They're almost half as tall as she is, but very beautiful.
"Thank you."
"No?"
Lupin asks innocently, slightly swinging one of Darcy's bags of vegetables at his side.
"You can't have known many decent men, then."
Darcy looks down at her feet, burning with embarrassment.
"You know I haven't."
"Oliver Wood never bought you flowers?"
Lupin teases, earning him a playful swat to the arm.
They both laugh and Darcy loops her arm through his as they continue to peruse the market.
At one of the stalls, Darcy finds an old instant camera that the older gentleman selling it promises still works—he urges her to try it out to prove it, likely eager to earn some money.
Darcy can't resist; she holds the camera up to her face, looking at Lupin.
She presses the button and it flashes brightly in his face.
Immediately, a photograph emerges, and Lupin grabs it before she gets the chance, shaking it roughly and smiling down at it.
After he looks at it, he shows her, and Darcy beams at the photograph of Lupin—hair mussed up, a toothy grin on his face, cheekbones slightly tinted pink.
For a moment, the adult Lupin in the picture reminds her of the teenage Lupin in the other pictures she's seen, and Darcy snatches it from his hand, putting the camera down and digging in her pocket for some money.
The man explains how to use and care for the camera, showing her what film to use, how to clean it, and Lupin watches on from behind, still smiling all the while.
Laden with trinkets and bags of food, Darcy decides to visit one last stall before leaving.
It takes her a few minutes to find the right area, but once she does, Darcy runs to it.
The woman recognizes her immediately from behind her gossip magazine, and her deep blue eyes flick from Darcy to Lupin and back again.
"You're back," the woman says, getting to her feet from a picnic chair behind a small table.
"You're the one that liked that purple one, didn't you?"
"Yes," Darcy answers breathlessly, her heart racing for some reason.
Her eyes follow the woman as she picks out the same necklace Darcy had been eyeing with Aunt Petunia.
She suddenly feels almost rebellious—even though it's a stupid feeling—for returning to buy something Petunia had refused her.
"I love it.
Can I buy it?
How much is it?"
The woman nods, but doesn't move back to the counter.
"Was that your mum that was with you?"
she asks bluntly, and Darcy blushes, not wanting to have this conversation in front of Lupin.
"No," Darcy says softly.
"My aunt."
The woman looks Darcy up and down.
"Not a very nice woman, is she?"
Darcy blushes harder.
"No, not really."
"Take it," the woman sighs.
"Go on—I can make another.
Besides, you said it was lovely, and that's payment enough."
"Oh!"
Darcy gasps, already pulling out money for the woman.
"No—I couldn't possibly—I'm more than happy to pay for it—" "Please, I insist—" "I'll pay for it," says Lupin suddenly.
Both Darcy and the woman look at him with very different expressions—Darcy is sure her feelings of gratitude manifest onto her face as a sort of dreamily smile to match her wide doe eyes, but the middle-aged woman is looking quite satisfied, as if this is the perfect solution.
"Here—how much?"
Darcy leaves the market feeling incredibly light on her feet, the purple necklace hanging around her neck, clashing horribly with her outfit, but beautiful all the same.
That night, Darcy and Lupin find a complicated recipe in her new cookbook and attempt to work through it without magic.
It's tricky, and they find they're missing several ingredients, and Lupin cuts his finger accidentally while chopping carrots.
Darcy bandages it up for him, scolding him for watching her and not what he's cutting, but they laugh all the while, bumping into each other constantly and muttering apologies, hiding their flushed faces from each other.
The finished dish looks nothing like the picture in the cookbook, but Darcy and Lupin eat it anyway, seated on the sofa watching the television, their legs tangled together, in a comfortable silence.
Darcy hopes that night, Lupin will finally crawl into bed with her, wrap his arms around her and fall asleep with her nuzzled against his chest.
She had known, however, when they had said goodnight, that Lupin was waiting for her to ask, judging by his sly smile.
But Darcy had only blushed madly, unable to ask such a simple question, unable to utter a single request, no matter how badly she wants it.
It hits her, as she lays in Lupin's bed tonight, how strange it is to be here, in his own home, to be so close to him without a wall between them, without having to worry about consequences.
Darcy can't help but to wonder why there seems to be an even bigger wall now—why hasn't he kissed her?
Why hasn't he come to bed with her?
But she can't blame him—she hasn't exactly made a move either, unless clinging to his hand for the better part of a day counts, and she doesn't think it does.
But why hasn't she?
Is that what Lupin is waiting for?
A sign that she wants something to happen?
Darcy thinks she's been perfectly clear—she's come to visit him, she's held his hand, they've flirted with each other shamelessly (at this thought, butterflies erupt in Darcy's stomach).
But Lupin has usually waited for some sign from Darcy.
He had only kissed her in earnest after she had kissed him first, had only slept with her after she'd made it clear she wanted it—after she had initiated it.
Now that she thinks about it, Lupin has always been slightly hesitant with her, and she knows that he has good reason.
She can't imagine Sirius would take it well, the knowledge that one of his best and oldest friends is involved with his goddaughter, especially when he learns about the filthy things they've done, even if it was only two times.
But Darcy knows that when she wakes in the morning, Lupin will still be here, so she allows herself to drift off to sleep, knowing there will be another day to work up the courage to hint to him that she wants to be touched by him in less innocent ways.
The next day is just as exciting—even if it's not really.
Darcy brings Lupin to a theater in London, near Emily's home (though she doesn't mention that to Lupin), where she and Emily used to see movies with the pocket change Emily's father would give them.
Darcy falls asleep on his shoulder not fifteen minutes into it, her hands wrapped loosely around his bicep.
He wakes her after the credits finish and the cramped theater lightens again and everyone has left, and he pulls her out by the hand, grinning at her.
It's a dark, gray, and dismal day in London—nothing new, but Darcy prefers the sunshine.
It drizzles on and off as they walk the streets and window shop.
Darcy shows him all of the places she and Emily would go as young kids—all the places Mr. Duncan took them for anything they wanted when he had the time.
In turn, Lupin shows Darcy places he's familiar with, places his mother would take him as a child when he was in need of some cheering up and a good time.
He shows her where one of his favorite restaurants used to be, until the owners of the building ran out of money and it was bulldozed to make room for an expensive fashion boutique.
The mannequins in the windows are clad in clothes that Darcy doesn't think she's quite beautiful enough to pull off, clothes that are slightly revealing and so expensive looking she doesn't think she'd even want to eat in them.
Darcy loops her arm around Lupin's, and they slow their pace as it begins to sprinkle again.
Darcy tucks her damp hair behind her ears.
"Can I see you again?"
she asks him after a few minutes' silence.
"Before I go back to Hogwarts?
A week doesn't seem long enough.
I want more time with you."
"You know I would never turn down an opportunity to see you," Lupin answers, giving her a reassuring smile and giving his head a quick shake to keep his wet and graying hair out of his eyes.
"You can come see me anytime you like."
"Really?
Anytime?"
Lupin chuckles.
"Really.
Anytime.
Maybe except during nights where the moon is full.
But immediately after the moon wanes, yes, you can see me again."
Darcy smiles up at him, and a sudden thought occurs to her, something she hasn't thought of while she's been distracted by Lupin's company.
"Can I ask you something?"
"Anything, love.
Is it filthy?
Something you should ask me in private?"
"Stop it, you're making me blush."
Darcy avoids the eyes of a stranger who passes them.
"That's the idea."
He gives her a sideways look and smiles.
"Go on, Darcy, ask away."
"Have you given any thought to Gemma's offer?"
Darcy says, looking up at him, trying to watch for a reaction.
He doesn't give much of one, only looks straight ahead, thoughtful, pensive.
"I hope she hasn't been bothering you on my account," he jokes.
Darcy shakes her head slowly and shrugs her shoulders.
"I've thought about it, yes.
Briefly.
Now, let me ask you something."
"Anything, even if it's filthy."
This makes Lupin laugh.
"You trust Gemma?
Completely?"
Darcy looks into Lupin's face, meeting his eyes before looking back at the street.
"I trust Gemma with my life," Darcy replies honestly.
"I know she would never hurt you if she could help it.
She kept your secret all those months—she didn't even tell me.
And she kept our secret after I—well, I mean—" "How much did you tell her?"
Lupin interrupts, narrowing his eyes at Darcy, but putting on a good natured smile.
"Hopefully nothing embarrassing about me?"
"I told her enough," Darcy answers shortly.
"Anyway, I think you should talk to Gemma more about it.
It could be really good for you, if you end up finding something to alleviate everything."
"I greatly appreciate your advice, Darcy, and I do trust your judgement."
Lupin heaves a great sigh.
"But I can only promise I'll think about it some more for right now.
Is that all right?"
"It's your decision in the end," Darcy says flatly, looking through a shop window at three more mannequins dressed in the latest fashion.
Darcy looks down at her own outfit, something Aunt Petunia had given her years ago—it had needed darned and the color is slightly faded, but Darcy has always been partial to the blouse and skirt.
A particularly large and cold raindrop falls on the top of Darcy's long nose.
She wipes it off quickly, but more begin to fall, and when she looks up to the gray sky, the drizzle has begun to turn into a downpour.
The rain comes hard and fast, flattening Darcy's red hair and making it stick to her cheeks and forehead.
Lupin pushes his soaked hair back, laughing and holding his hands over his head as if that will keep him dry.
Darcy looks up at him, as he watches the Muggles sharing the street around them opening umbrellas, holding their raincoats over their head, and darting into nearby buildings, or else ignoring the rain completely, as if this is such a typical thing, not worth their attention in the slightest.
When Lupin's hair falls in his face again, he combs it back once more with his fingers to no avail.
Darcy watches him endearingly, smiling crookedly at him, as the rain continues to soak her clothes and chill her bones.
She moves closer to him, snaking an arm around his middle, making to continue down the street; Lupin wraps an arm around her shoulders, pulling her to him, unable to keep his smile at bay.
He doesn't step with her, however; the two of them hesitate in the middle of the sidewalk, looking at each other through the rain.
Retracting his arm from around her shoulders, Lupin slowly raises a hand to her face, trying to dry her cheeks with no success.
Darcy nuzzles into his warm palm, closing her eyes at the feel of his skin against hers.
And without warning—without knowing it was going to happen now, of all places, in this weather—Lupin kisses her hard, one hand tangled in her hair, holding the nape of her neck to keep her from pulling away, his other hand brushing some of her hair off her cheek.
Darcy nearly melts at his touch, kissing him back with a deep-seated hunger, relishing the taste of his lips on hers.
Lupin kisses her for a long time in the center of several onlookers who try very hard to avoid looking at them, and then he finally pulls away, breathless and flushed and wet, looking into Darcy's face for some kind of reaction.
She only smiles, swaying on her feet for a few seconds, her chest heaving and eyes flicking from Lupin's own eyes to his lips, desperate for more.
Lupin takes her hand in his, squeezing tight.
They splash through already deep puddles that soak their shoes and feet, down a deserted alleyway between two crowded restaurants, and Lupin pulls her behind a foul-smelling dumpster.
He kisses her again, this time hurriedly and eagerly, pressing her back unconsciously against the slimy brick wall as she threads her fingers through his hair, and Darcy barely has time to register how un-romantic it is when Lupin whispers in her ear.
"Hold onto me."
Darcy does as she's told and feels herself almost immediately leave the alleyway, still clutching Lupin's hand.
The sensation of traveling through time and space is nothing compared to the hammering of her heart, the churning in her stomach, her pulse pounding in her ears.
Before she can make sure all of her body parts have arrived with her to Lupin's home, he's kissing her again and she completely forgets to even check.
Without separating, they both stumble over the threshold, laughing and nervous and bumping teeth and giving each other sloppy and wet and excited kisses all over, everywhere they can reach.
As Darcy's lips travel down his jaw, Lupin smiles, closing his eyes as a low grown escapes his lips.
"Why don't we change into something more dry?"
It's then that Darcy realizes how cold she is.
Goosebumps run up and down her arms, and her hair is as soaked as if she's just stepped out of the bath.
Lupin raises his eyebrows and Darcy nods weakly.
Lupin quickly grabs a traveling cloak, hanging on a nearby coat rack.
He returns to Darcy, waiting at the door, soaking wet with her arms around herself.
Her auburn hair looks dark, stuck to her damp and flushed face.
She smiles weakly at him, and Lupin's face softens.
Lupin drapes the traveling cloak around her shoulders, and Darcy holds it tightly around her.
She wonders, for a brief moment, why he hasn't just dried them off with magic—but then she remembers how intimate it had been before, when Lupin had the chance to clean the wine off of her blouse, but chose to put her in his own clothes instead.
Darcy certainly doesn't want to lose that intimacy now, and she reaches out for his hand.
Lupin takes it, pulling her gently towards the back room.
Lupin doesn't seem to bother changing into something dry.
He stands off to the side as Darcy digs around in her trunk, trying to find something comfortable.
But even as she pulls out an outfit and gets back to her feet, slipping her shoes off, Darcy isn't quite sure she's ready to change yet.
She clutches her clothes, and Lupin clears his throat.
With a pink tint to his cheeks, he suddenly seems an awkward teenager.
"I can—I'll give you some space—I'll be just out here, if you need me .
.
.
not that you'd need me .
.
.
I'm sure you can dress yourself just fine."
"No," Darcy whispers, and Lupin freezes, looking her up and down.
She lays the traveling cloak on the bed.
"You can stay."
She's waited days for this—for a chance to love him, a chance to be with him, a chance to show him that she loves him.
Darcy isn't sure what she'd expected out of this trip, but her dreams had been full of obscene images of him between her legs, propped above her, lips touching places that make her damp between the legs.
And suddenly, Darcy finds herself craving his touch, his kisses, his love—Darcy has never before craved someone like this, so wholly and completely.
Just his company, just doing things with him, the little moments—eating dinner together, sitting in a comfortable silence, window shopping—have been enough to lift her spirits.
But now she can't seem to get close enough to him, and the simple intimacies aren't enough for her—instead of holding his hand or having breakfast together or sharing shy smiles, she wants him.
Lupin's eyes don't leave her as Darcy throws her clean clothes back into her open trunk and slowly unbuttons her blouse with trembling fingers, letting it fall to the ground and pool at her feet.
She slides her skirt down to her ankles and stands up straighter again, letting Lupin take in the appearance of her standing almost completely naked in front of him.
His eyes find the scars on her shoulder, but don't linger—eventually, Lupin's eyes move slowly down the rest of her body, and he rubs at the beard on his face, looking into her eyes again.
Telling herself to take it one step further, Darcy swallows, reaching behind her to undo the clasp of her bra, and she wriggles out of it.
Her skin still damp and the cottage relatively cold without a fire going, goosebumps cover her stomach and chest, and Darcy suddenly wraps her arms around herself, covering her bare breasts, blushing and making Lupin smile a weak smile.
Finally, he moves towards her, taking her wrists gently and lowering her hands from her chest.
"You are so beautiful, Darcy," he says, drinking in the sight of her once more.
Darcy looks up at him, drunk in love, and his fingertips whisper against her face before he kisses her deeply again.
He drags his fingers lazily down her arms, settling his hands on her hips, squeezing.
Lupin breaks the kiss far too soon.
"I keep thinking this is a dream," he whispers, giving the crook of her neck a tender kiss.
"That I'll wake up and you'll be gone—that none of this will have been real."
She smiles at him, kissing his lips again, allowing Lupin to back her towards the bed.
When the backs of her thighs meet the mattress, Lupin helps her onto it, propping himself above her.
"Remus?"
she rasps as he kisses down her throat, and Lupin chuckles against her skin.
"Yes, kitten?"
he asks, looking up at her with a smile that takes her breath away.
Darcy hesitates, running her hands through his hair.
"I love you."
He only continues to smile at her for a moment before returning to peppering her body with kisses, slowly, tantalizingly.
Every time she feels the tip of his tongue barely brush against her skin, it makes her squirm with pleasure, but he digs his fingers into her hips, keeping her still.
When he gingerly lowers her underwear, he exhales loudly, his hot breath only adding to the warmth between her legs.
Lupin places the softest kiss she's ever known on the inside of her thigh, nuzzling into the sensitive skin there.
"I'd be lying if I said I didn't dream about this," he breathes, chuckling in a very nervous sort of way.
"I've missed you, sweetheart."
It's better this time—not that it had been terrible the other two times they had done this.
But without the lingering fear of consequences or repercussions, it's almost freeing.
She remembers how quiet they had been, how every content sigh seemed loud enough to wake the entire castle, to alert someone to their wrongdoing.
They had touched each other with a slight sense of urgency and hesitancy, wanting to get it over with quickly without making it seem too rushed.
And even though Lupin had spent more time loving her body than Oliver Wood ever had, Darcy had thought it couldn't have been better—but she's wrong.
His kisses and touches seem to last for hours.
He relishes her body, worships it, does things to her that Darcy didn't know possible, makes her feel things she never knew she could feel.
Lupin could continue throughout the whole night, Darcy thinks, and he hasn't even taken his clothes off yet.
Darcy feels as if it's their first time all over again, and those feelings of inadequacy creep up in the back of her mind again.
Thoughts of how undeserving she is of him—of how young and inexperienced she is—but Lupin doesn't seem to care about any of those things.
Wanting to just be closer to him, Darcy tugs Lupin's shirt over his head and he crawls back up to her kiss her.
She starts on his belt, her hands still shaking violently, just like they had the first time.
She kisses his broad shoulders, tarnishing his neck and chest with love bites, making sure to leave no part of his upper body left untouched.
Almost an hour of nimble fingers and hot mouths and hungry kisses on every inch of skin, using each other's bodies in ways they hadn't been able to at Hogwarts, acting on their curiosities and impulses, testing each other hesitantly to see what feels good, what feels bad, what tickles and what makes them sigh—Darcy is sure that, after tonight, she'll be able to picture his body vividly in her dreams, exactly the way it really is.
Never has she felt so close to someone, never has she wanted to be closer.
Sweating slightly and very flushed, Lupin kisses Darcy hard on the mouth and she wraps an arm around his neck, holding him in place.
He tastes of her, of nothing but her, and when he lowers himself into her, Darcy breaks the kiss to sigh loudly, and Lupin's lips leave a trail of kisses up and down her neck.
He growls things in her ear that make her blush furiously in the darkness, things she never thought him capable of even saying, things she could never picture coming out of his mouth.
But when he kisses her on the mouth again, pounding in and out of her, Darcy is a woman in love—when their bodies press against each other and Lupin smiles at her, flicking his hair out of his eyes, leaning in to capture her lips in a bruising kiss, she is happy enough to die.
It's louder this time, the room full of groans and moans and laughter and the carnal slapping of flesh on flesh.
The bed creaks beneath them, and Darcy isn't concerned with anything beyond the bedroom, anything beyond this bed, and she she doesn't know if fucking him clouds her mind or clears it, but it is bliss, sweet bliss such as she has never known.
Lupin reads to her by the light of a flickering lamp on the nightstand.
Darcy, curled up next to him, her head on his chest and an arm draped across his middle, feels her eyelids grow heavier with each word he says outloud.
One of Lupin's arms is wrapped around her, holding her in place at his side, his thumb caressing the soft skin on her arm.
Every so often, Darcy places a soft kiss to his chest, making him smile in the middle of the sentence he's reading.
Darcy barely hears him, has barely listened to the last half a chapter he's been reading to her.
Her mind is buzzing with things she had been wanting to talk to him about—but after seeing him again, those thoughts had completely flown from her mind.
Darcy's been so engrossed by his company and companionship that it makes her feel utterly drunk—light-headed, giggly, and completely and utterly in love.
"Do you think I'm doing the right thing?"
she whispers, kissing his chest again.
"Going back to Hogwarts?"
Lupin glances at Darcy, marking his page and closing the book, placing it on the nightstand beside Darcy's new camera.
"You won't know if it's the right thing until you try it," he answers.
"I can't help but notice you've spent a lot of time feeling doubtful about this.
Having second thoughts?"
Darcy pauses, her cheeks turning pink, but unable to hide the small smile on her face.
"You're going to kill me."
"What have you done?"
But Lupin only has to take one good look at her face before he understands.
He lets out a loud sigh, chuckling for a moment, and then stopping himself.
Rubbing his eyes, he mutters, "What did you say to Severus, Darcy?
Didn't I tell you to leave him alone?
I did say that, didn't I?
I haven't just imagined it?"
"You should have known I wasn't going to just ignore what he did to you."
Darcy recounts the conversation she'd had with Snape at the end of the school year, as much as she can remember, telling Lupin the complete truth.
He sighs a lot during her retelling, sitting up straighter and pulling his arm back from Darcy's shoulders to rub furiously at his temples and mess up his already shaggy hair.
Darcy sits up, as well, holding the blanket to her chest and frowning.
Lupin takes a moment to think about his answer, looking to be choosing his words very carefully.
"You don't believe Severus, do you?"
he asks softly, and Darcy almost laughs at the fact that this is the first thing he's chosen to address.
"You don't think—Darcy, you can't truly believe that I would do that to you."
"I know," Darcy replies quickly.
"I know you wouldn't.
I know you've been honest with me, and I know what happened that night with Sirius.
I know you were telling the truth."
Lupin nods, kissing her forehead before continuing.
"You shouldn't have said those things, Darcy," he continues.
"You should have known better—you should have kept your mouth shut.
You know he'll tell Dumbledore everything you said?"
"So what?"
Darcy asks, having expected this reaction from him.
"He's the reason Sirius couldn't get his name cleared.
He's the reason the entire school knows you're a werewolf.
Doesn't that bother you?
Why didn't you say something to him?"
"Why does it bother you so much, Darcy?"
Lupin says, giving Darcy a very curious look, his eyebrows furrowed.
"Why are you so angry?"
Darcy looks at him, bewildered.
"Because it's not fair," she retorts, her voice rising several octaves.
"It's not fair that you were forced out of Hogwarts because of something you can't help—because Snape was feeling particularly cruel that morning.
It's not fair that you can't get the ingredients you need for your potion without having to resort to being a science experiment—it's not fair that people who've never met you, who've never spoken to you, who don't know how kind and gentle you are, will still think you're a—a .
.
.
monster."
Lupin opens his mouth to speak, but closes it again.
After a heavy silence, he rasps, "One look at your shoulder, and they'll know that's all I really am."
"No," Darcy breathes.
"I know who you truly are, and you are no monster, Remus."
He looks at her for a long time, his expression unreadable, but soft.
Lupin reaches for her hand, taking it in his and lifting it to his mouth; he kisses her knuckles lightly and lowers their hands without letting go.
"Stay," he whispers, and Darcy raises an eyebrow.
"Stay with me, please, just until you go back to Hogwarts."
Darcy's heart races in her chest—surely he can hear it.
All she wants to do is hug him, kiss him, fuck him, scream yes, yes, yes.
And yet, despite the joy his words bring her, Darcy shakes her head slowly, speaking so softly that it comes out as a squeak.
"Remus, I—" Darcy hesitates.
"I can't.
Harry needs me."
She isn't sure that's entirely true, but she wants to believe it.
What kind of sister would she be if she left Harry alone for a man?
What would Harry think of her if she up and left him to be with Lupin, someone who had only recently come back into her life?
"I want to," she says, tears welling up in her eyes.
"I want to, so badly, but—" Lupin cuts her off with a kiss on her swollen lips.
He runs his fingers through her hair, pulling away just barely, so that their lips still brush when he whispers, "Then stay."
He continues his argument by kissing her neck, and Darcy closes her eyes, willing herself not to give in—what she wouldn't give to have this every night, to fall asleep with him beside her, to wake up to his kisses, to his touch, to his smile.
"I can't," she says again, hating herself for it.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry—" "Don't be sorry," Lupin murmurs into her neck, kissing her skin over and over again.
"Just tell me you love me, kitten."
"I love you," Darcy mutters, tilting her head back as his lips graze her throat, and opening her legs as his fingers graze the inside of her thigh.
"I love you, I love you, I love you .
.
."CLICK!
A bright flash wakes her, but Darcy doesn't open her eyes yet.
With half her face still buried in the pillow, a few strands of loose hair tickling the tip of her nose, she lets out a muffled groan and smiles slightly.
"Don't take pictures of me while I'm sleeping," she murmurs, her tone playful, a blush creeping up the back of her neck.
"I couldn't help it, love," Lupin answers softly.
"You looked adorable."
Darcy's eyes flutter open to find Lupin sitting up in bed beside her, the blanket draped over his legs, holding her camera in one hand and vigorously shaking the newest photograph with his other hand.
He smiles at her when he sees that her eyes are open.
Darcy admires the sight of him shirtless for a moment, flesh littered with scars of all shapes and sizes that all know the feel of her lips.
She doesn't think she could ever grow tired of this sight, of waking next to him while he looks so vulnerable and disheveled, brown and gray hair tousled and falling into his face, a lopsided and rather aloof grin on his face, bleary-eyed.
Lupin puts her camera down, noticing her staring at him and smirking to himself, giving the photograph a few more shakes and looking down at it.
"Let me see it," she rasps, reaching out for the photograph.
Lupin gives it to her without protest and she examines it, still blushing furiously.
The photograph-Darcy's eyes are still shut, a few stray strands of hair falling across her face, a slight pout on her still swollen lips.
"Where are all the pictures I've taken of you?"
"Hidden somewhere no one will ever find them."
She chuckles, moving swiftly up from her place on the bed and placing a knee on either side of Lupin.
He looks up at Darcy as she leans over to the reach the nightstand, her chest pressing against his as she opens the drawer and pulls out a stack of photographs.
Lupin leans forward and kisses her exposed collarbone, his fingers brushing lightly over the scars on her shoulder.
Darcy shuffles through the photographs—there are quite a few now.
One shows Darcy sitting on the sofa with a glass of wine, smiling drunkenly; another is of the two of them, Darcy beaming and Lupin's face buried in her neck shyly; others of Darcy cooking breakfast and candid ones of her reading and ones of her smiling at the television and giving the camera a deadpan look, as if annoyed by his fascination with taking pictures of her (not that she's really annoyed, of course).
She eventually shows Lupin the one she'd taken of him at the market.
"I like this one," she says, and Lupin rests his forehead against her chest, giving the picture a sideways glance.
"I'm keeping it."
"Then I'm keeping .
.
."
Lupin quickly pulls one of the photographs from Darcy's hands before she can stop him.
"This one."
He raises his eyebrows, grinning, showing her the photograph only for a moment, but Darcy recognizes it immediately.
Lupin had taken it two days ago as she lay in bed—in it, Darcy is smiling sheepishly over the top of a book, clad in nothing except her underwear, her long legs stretched out and crossed in front of her.
Despite the embarrassment the photograph brings her (in the best way possible), Darcy has to admit that she looks a completely different person than when she'd arrived at Lupin's.
There's some color in her cheeks now, and eating so much food the past week has filled her out a little bit.
Darcy reaches for it, but Lupin pulls it out of her reach, holding it up above his head.
"Give it back," she says with a laugh, reaching for it again, the tips of her fingers just brushing against the corner of it.
"What are you going to do with it?"
Lupin teases, tossing the photograph onto the nightstand.
"I'll keep it safe for you."
He leans back on the headboard, sighing contently.
"Are you sure you won't stay?"
Darcy kisses his forehead.
"If you keep asking me that, I may start to think you're falling in love with me."
She smiles down into his face.
"Can you imagine?
Remus Lupin, falling in love with a Potter."
"And what if I am?"
Lupin asks flatly, closing his eyes as Darcy kisses his cheeks and down his throat, running her fingers through his hair.
"Are you?"
Lupin only smiles innocently, looking up into Darcy's face when she sits up straight again.
"You'll come see me, won't you?"
she whispers, resuming her kissing of his face.
Lupin closes his eyes again and continues to grin as Darcy's lips leave tender kisses on every inch of his face.
She drapes her arms around his neck.
"When I'm at Hogwarts?
Just like I'll come see you?"
"I'm sure I can arrange something," he says, his eyelashes fluttering against Darcy's cheek.
"But if you want to continue this, you need to tell Sirius."
Darcy stops kissing him, sitting up straighter in his lap, shifting awkwardly.
For some reason, talking about Sirius while wearing only her underwear makes her slightly uncomfortable.
Perhaps it's the conversation they're about to have, however, that unsettles her.
Of course she wants to continue this—whatever they have—but Darcy is being foolish if she thinks they could continue doing this in secret.
She knows that Sirius will have to know, that both she and Lupin owe Sirius the truth, but Darcy also knows that other people will need to know the truth—Emily won't be happy about it, and Darcy can't imagine Mr. Weasley will be, either.
She sighs and Lupin's fingers run up and down her sides distractedly.
But what does it matter?
Darcy asks herself.
They're not my parents—Sirius isn't my father, nor is Mr. Weasley, and what does it matter what Emily thinks about it?
She's never understood.
Harry's the only one that matters.
But Darcy isn't sure how she'd even bring up the topic to any of them—is she supposed to just write a letter to Sirius detailing how she'd slowly fallen in love with Lupin while she was his student?
Is she supposed to explain to Sirius how she'd stayed the week at his best friend's home, just the two of them, alone and in bed together?
Sirius is a grown man—he would know what had been going on, would know that they'd slept together, would likely be furious at the prospect.
But how does she know that?
She barely knows Sirius—in fact, the only thing that she knows for sure is that she loved him—loves him.
And he loves her, so why would he balk at the thought of them together?
Here is someone that Sirius knows, very well, and wouldn't he be relieved that Lupin has stepped in where others haven't?
Wouldn't he think—better Remus Lupin that some other prick?
Darcy can't pretend that she hasn't thought about others' reactions.
Professor McGonagall has already seen them out and about, has likely already told Dumbledore—and what will Dumbledore say when Darcy returns to Hogwarts?
She still has not forgotten Dumbledore's promise that the conversation would happen at a more opportune time.
But there is nothing he can do—she can no longer be expelled and Lupin can no longer be fired, and Dumbledore wouldn't really kick her out of Hogwarts for going against his wishes—would he?
"I'll tell him," Darcy promises, kissing him gently again on the lips.
"Just give me a little bit of time."
"Are you afraid of telling Sirius?"
Lupin jokes, nuzzling his face into the crook of her neck.
He laughs into her skin, his hands snaking around her waist.
"What's the worst he could do?
Chastise you via letter?
Send me a Howler?"
"It's not funny," Darcy whispers, lowering her arms to her sides and slipping off his lap.
Throwing the remaining photographs on the table, she rummages in her trunk for her last clean outfit, shimmying into jeans that are slightly too tight and putting one of Emily's old t-shirts on.
"Sirius's opinion means a lot to me."
Lupin doesn't answer, watching her get dressed.
"Darcy, I don't want you going back there."
Darcy smiles at him, her cheeks pink.
"I know," she replies, sneaking into the bathroom and leaving the door opened just a crack as she brushes her hair.
"You've asked me to stay a hundred times already and—" "No, Darcy," Lupin interrupts, and Darcy lowers her brush at the sound of his voice—low and serious and gravelly—and privately very glad she doesn't have to look him in the face.
"I don't want you to go back.
I don't want to have to worry more than I already do about you."
Darcy looks at herself in the mirror, her jaw clenched.
The bruise that had adorned her cheek when she'd arrived is mostly gone now—all that remains are two fingertip sized bruises just underneath her eye, fading and painless.
Her fingers are back to their normal, slender length instead of swollen and puffy, and the welts on her body from being hit with Vernon's cane have mostly gone, save for one on her back that Lupin had pointed out after waking with her for the first time.
But even as she looks at herself, she has to wonder—how long until I am back to the way I was?
How long until I am a canvas once more, colored with deep blues and purples and tinged with yellow?
"But I could come back here, couldn't I?"
Darcy asks through the door, listening to Lupin shifting in bed, fumbling with clothes on the ground.
"If it gets bad again?"
"You are always welcome here."
Lupin opens the bathroom door and she jumps.
He smiles weakly.
"Does it make me selfish?
Wanting you all to myself?"
Darcy wraps her arms around his middle, nuzzling into his chest.
"I'm Darcy Potter," she chuckles.
"You'll never be able to have me all to yourself.
I belong to the people—ever their public servant.
Or something like that."
"I saw an article about you a few years ago in the paper," Lupin says, looking curious.
"Naturally, I read it as soon as I saw your name—" "They said I was naive, distant, odd, and unable to come up with an original thought," Darcy replies bitterly, remembering the article.
Darcy and Emily had gone down to Hogsmeade, where they had met with some reporters at the Three Broomsticks completely by coincidence.
They had jumped at the opportunity to interview Darcy, wanting to hear what happened the night that her parents had died, but she had been so overwhelmed that Emily took it upon herself to answer shortly on Darcy's behalf, barely answering their questions.
Darcy had greatly appreciated her best friend's snappy retorts and passive aggressive insults, but the reporters hadn't been thrilled at the way a fourteen-year-old had spoken to them.
"Dumbledore told them never to return while I was at Hogwarts.
I remember.
How could I not?"
"They'll have a field day when they find out about us," Lupin tells her quietly, pushing her hair back out of her face.
"Are you sure you want that?
Don't think the public will take kindly to us."
Darcy sighs.
"I'm not sure what I want," she admits carefully, leaning back into him.
"But I know that I love you."
Lupin smiles, as if completely disbelieving this statement—scoffing weakly as if the idea of Darcy loving him is completely ridiculous.
Darcy stands on her tiptoes, reaching out to kiss him softly on his lips.
"One last time," Lupin murmurs.
"I have to ask one last time—stay with me."
"You must know what my answer is going to be," Darcy frowns.
"I want to stay with you, but I can't."
Lupin is quiet for a long time and Darcy pulls away from him, beginning to clean all of her things and placing them back in her trunk.
As she kneels down to fold some dirty clothes that had been unceremoniously thrown to the floor the previous night in a fit of passion, Lupin waves his wand and everything soars perfectly inside of her trunk.
Darcy blushes, glad her back is facing him.
Her camera is tucked on top of her clothes, the photographs beneath it, safely in place.
"Harry will be fine, you know," Lupin says as Darcy shuts her trunk and gets to her feet.
"You're not the only one looking after him."
Darcy hesitates, turning around to face him.
"You sound like Emily."
"Maybe she's right."
"Do mine ears deceive me?"
Darcy teases, trying to shake the conversation before it actually starts.
"Or have you actually said that outloud?
She'll be pleased when I tell her you two have finally found something to agree on."
But Lupin doesn't seem to think her comment is funny at all.
On the contrary, he stands stock still, his arms folded over her chest.
"Darcy, maybe .
.
.
maybe it's time to let him go.
He's fourteen, and you are not obligated to be his mother forever."
Darcy looks down at her feet.
"I'd rather not talk about this right now."
He obliges and, thankfully, doesn't say anything more about it for the rest of the day.
He does load her up with food for herself and Harry to take back from Privet Drive—leftovers from what Darcy had bought at the market, snacks and fresh fruit and vegetables she'll be able to store in her bedroom without needing to refrigerate.
He tries for a few minutes to convince her stay again, peppering her face with sweet kisses and whispering in her ear sweet words, but finally gives up when Darcy tells him for the thousandth time she can't, but Darcy knows he doesn't understand how badly she wants to.
While Lupin voices his concerns about Darcy and Harry being starved, Darcy ignores him and takes the food while thanking him profusely.
Now, with not just her trunk, but with several shopping bags and a small bag stuffed with food, Darcy steps out into the sunshine and onto the front step.
Lupin walks with her, sighing heavily at the sight of her prepared to leave him.
"I had a good time this week, even if the week was far too short," he tells her, tucking her hair behind her ears.
Darcy smiles, her eyes falling to his neck, where the top of a dark love bite is still visible.
The urge to stay with him grows strong inside of her, but she fights it back, thinking of Harry—alone, hungry, and bored and Privet Drive.
"Come see me again whenever you like."
"I'll miss you."
"I know."
Lupin frowns.
"As will I."
"Are you going to kiss me before I leave?"
Lupin laughs at this, leaning in and kissing her for a long time.
When he pulls away, he suddenly looks very serious again.
"Write to me straight away if things get bad, or if you need more food, or anything—you and Harry both.
If there's trouble, I want to know about it.
Give him my best."
Darcy looks at him for a long time, her heart racing for no other reason other than her love for him—a love intensified knowing that he cares deeply for Harry, as well—that he cares for her brother's wellbeing.
For a brief moment, Darcy is reminded of she and Harry's conversation the previous year, about being a proper family.
"And one more thing before you leave, love," Lupin says with a faint smile, putting his hands on her shoulders and giving them a gentle squeeze.
"Tell Gemma I'm interested in her proposal."
Darcy smiles.
"Yeah?"
"Yeah."
"All right," Darcy answers.
"I'll write to her as soon as I get back.
I'll let you know what she says."
"Be safe, my love."
Lupin nods, kissing her once more and taking a few steps back.
He watches as Darcy prepares to Disapparate, and as she turns on the spot and the scene around her begins to turn into a swirl of color, she thinks she sees Lupin laughing sweetly, holding in his hands a photograph of a girl with long legs and dark red hair.
After being gone for a week, Darcy thinks that she'll feel something when she walks up the garden path to Privet Drive, but all she feels is a sense of foreboding and regret towards her decision not to stay with Lupin.
But then she remembers that Harry is inside, probably locked in his bedroom, and Max is in there, hopefully waiting for her to return to snuggle against her face and give her a few affectionate nips.
If she's lucky, she may have a few letters waiting for her, as well—Gemma had been the only one to know where Darcy was really going, so she doesn't expect a letter from her, but Darcy's heart jumps in her throat at the thought that a letter from Sirius may be sitting on her desk right now.
Darcy opens the door and struggles with all of her belongings.
She makes quite a bit of noise, but thankfully, no one seems to notice or care.
Harry, however, runs to the top of the stairs and before Darcy greets him, she tosses the bags of food up to him, mouthing, "Hide it!"
Harry does as he's told, disappearing into his bedroom with armfuls of food.
Darcy forces her trunk over the threshold and closes the front door, thankful to get out of the damp summer heat.
"Aunt Petunia, I'm home!"
she calls, poking her head into the living room.
The television is on, but no one is watching it.
Darcy goes back to the foyer, beginning to drag her trunk slowly up the stairs, but Petunia's sharp voice stops her halfway up.
Petunia is wearing her gardening gloves, her forehead slightly damp with sweat, her forearms very sunburnt.
"Come help with the garden after you unpack," she says, sniffling.
"And quickly!"
"Yes, Aunt Petunia."
When Darcy enters her bedroom, she sees one of the best sights she ever remembers seeing.
Harry's sitting on her bed, and when the door opens, his eyes flick to Darcy and a broad smile crosses his face.
Max hoots from inside his cage, trying desperately to get to Darcy.
Wrapping Harry in a one-armed hug, Darcy takes her wand out of her back pocket and waves it at Max's cage; the lock springs open and Max flies directly at her face, causing Darcy to stumble backwards as he rubs his feathers all over her face, clicking his beak and nipping Darcy's earlobes and the tip of her nose.
She wrestles with him for a moment before Max finally flutters onto the dresser, at first burying his face in his wing to fall asleep, but then turning his large, dark eyes upon Darcy's face, his head moving with every step that she takes.
"How was it?"
Harry asks, reminding Darcy forcibly of Gemma waiting for someone to reveal an incredibly juicy piece of gossip.
"What did you do?"
Darcy shrugs, her cheeks turning red.
"It was fun," she shrugs, trying to sound casual.
"We went to the market and Diagon Alley—which reminds me .
.
."
She kneels at her trunk and looks inside for a moment before retrieving what she's looking for.
Harry holds out his hand as Darcy places a heavy coin purse into it.
"I thought I'd take some out for you while I was there."
"Thanks," Harry grins, dropping his money bag on Darcy's bed.
"Are you going to go back this summer?"
"Dunno," Darcy replies, eyeing the two unopened letters on her desk.
Her fingers twitch, eager to open them.
"Maybe.
I'd like to, but .
.
."
"But .
.
.
?"
Harry urges, leaning forward.
"It doesn't matter."
Darcy moves towards her desk.
"Mr. Weasley wrote you," Harry says, eyeing the letters Darcy picks up.
He looks down at her open trunk and pulls out the camera on top, examining it closely and noticing the photographs that she's brought with her.
"His letter came with Ron's.
I didn't mean to read it, I swear, it just kind of .
.
.
fell out."
"Mr. Weasley wrote me?"
Darcy asks excitedly, flipping between the two letters.
She finds the envelope with his minuscule handwriting and tears it open as Harry looks through the pictures she's brought home.
At that moment, she's very thankful Lupin had decided to keep the photograph of herself in her underwear.
Darcy, I know that you've already made your decision, but I was wondering whether you'd like to accompany me to work in exactly two weeks.
I've already gotten the okay, and I think you'll be interested to see what's going on here lately—but I shouldn't say too much here.
Send your response as quickly as possible.
Should you accept my offer, I will arrive at your home in two weeks time to escort you to the Ministry.
With love, Mr. Weasley "He wants to bring me to the Ministry.
When did this arrive?"
Darcy asks, as Harry looks closely at another photograph.
"Few days ago," Harry says, looking up at Darcy over the picture.
"These are good pictures of you, Darcy.
This one's nice."
He holds up a picture of Darcy dressed in an oversized sweater, her eyes shut tight with a huge smile on her face.
Darcy blushes furiously, grabbing some parchment and a pen from her desk drawer.
She puts the point to the parchment before realizing she has no idea how to respond—it seems strange that Mr. Weasley would invite her to spend time with him at work instead of one of his own children.
But she's grateful for an excuse to get out of Privet Drive even just for a day, and Darcy has always nursed a soft spot for Mr. Weasley (and she feels that he nurses a soft spot for her, as well), so she writes: Yes.
I'll see you soon.
"Is Hedwig away?"
"She's sleeping."
"Can I use her to send this to Mr.
Weasley?"
"Sure.
I was waiting to send a letter back to Ron anyway."
Darcy hands Harry her reply to Mr. Weasley and looks back down at the other letter.
She tears into it, knowing it's from Sirius, and when she pulls out the parchment, she's slightly disappointed how short it is.
Darcy, I remember that day.
You were always climbing up in my lap—I'm glad you tore Wormtail out of the picture.
I'm sure it's much nicer without him showing his ugly, traitorous face.
Are you excited about returning to Hogwarts?
I can only hope, with Dumbledore being sympathetic towards me, I may be able to see you again sometime.
I wish we had gotten more time together, but life can be cruel.
I am glad that you have surrounded yourself with people who love and care about you.
As always, if you or Harry need anything, please let Remus know.
He'll be able to help you much faster than I will be able to.
Keep me posted on everything.
We have years to catch up on.
All of my love, Padfoot Darcy decides she'll have to write to him later, unsure if she's going to tell him where she's been this past week.
She remembers the internal struggle she had felt trying to decide whether or not to tell Lupin about Dumbledore's warning so many months ago.
But she can hear Aunt Petunia calling up the stairs for her and Darcy ties her hair into a ponytail and changes quickly into clothes she doesn't mind dirtying, leaving Harry to join her aunt in the sweltering summer sun—not before taking off the necklace she'd gotten from the market, however.
Aunt Petunia is outside by herself, Vernon in the sitting room watching television and flicking through the day's newspaper, grumbling under his breath his own version of commentary.
Dudley is nowhere to be seen, and Darcy's grateful for that much, at least.
Ignoring Vernon, Darcy settles herself at Aunt Petunia's side at the garden as she pulls some weeds.
Handing Darcy some gloves, Aunt Petunia moves closer, surprising Darcy.
Aunt Petunia quickly peers inside to make sure no one is listening, and then glances over each shoulder, looking for a sign of eavesdropping neighbors.
"I have a job lined up for you," Aunt Petunia mutters, and Darcy gives her aunt a sideways look before reaching for some weeds.
"But I already have a job," she whispers, uncertain why Dumbledore hadn't added that in his letter to Aunt Petunia.
Darcy keeps her eyes on the weeds.
"It just hasn't started yet.
I leave with Harry."
Aunt Petunia ignores her.
"A secretary—Mrs.
Willow has offered you a place at her husband's business.
Can you type?"
"Aunt Petunia, I've never touched a computer in my life.
Of course I can't type."
"Then you better learn quickly."
Darcy scowls, and knows that Aunt Petunia sees it.
Mrs. Willow had always been one to demand Darcy play the part of a lady—reading poems and cooking dinner and showing off table manners—and had always spoken of her son, around Darcy's age, who was a perfect gentleman, and always hinted at a marriage in the future.
Petunia had been half-delighted, half-cross about the idea, given that no one knows what Darcy really is.
"I don't want to work as a secretary," she whispers back.
"I'm going to be an assistant at school this fall."
Aunt Petunia gives her a withering glare.
"Her son, Henry, is willing to marry you, and he's a good boy.
It would be a good life for you, and the job would pay decently."
He's not a good boy, however, and Darcy knows it.
They'd met on several occasions, and one of them involved Henry trying to touch between her legs while they were thirteen and out of sight of his mother and Aunt Petunia, but Darcy doesn't think this the sort of thing Aunt Petunia should ever know.
"Aunt Petunia, I'm returning to school this fall.
Professor Snape is going to—" Aunt Petunia drops the shovel she's holding, looking horrified.
Very, very slowly, she turns to look at Darcy.
"What did you say?"
"Er—" Darcy's sure Aunt Petunia has heard her perfectly well.
"I'm going to be an assistant for one of the teachers at school."
"Who did you say?"
Darcy pauses.
"Professor Snape."
And from Aunt Petunia's look of horror and her scrunched nose and purses lips, Darcy has to ask, "Do you know him?"
"Know him?"
Aunt Petunia hisses angrily.
She seems to be fighting some internal conflict as to whether or not to tell Darcy something very important.
"Of course I knew him.
Nasty boy, always hanging around your mother.
In love with her, I expect.
Is he in love with you, as well?"
Her tone is accusing, and Darcy flushes.
"No, Aunt Petunia."
Darcy is quiet, hoping that Aunt Petunia will fill the silence.
Her heartbeat begins to quicken.
"Until you came along, and then instead of one nasty boy, we had four of them at our house all the time during the summer."
Darcy thinks that now is a good time to tell Aunt Petunia something, but thinks carefully about how to word it.
As casually as possible, Darcy's says, "Professor Lupin was a teacher at school last year.
Remus."
This gets Aunt Petunia's attention.
"I remember him," she murmurs bitterly.
"Good friends with your mother.
I'm sure he took to you quickly, didn't he?"
But her tone suggests that it's not a good thing he did.
Darcy suddenly feels sick at these words.
She stops fumbling with the weed she had been about to pull from the earth.
He admitted it himself he took to me quickly because I am James and Lily's daughter, she thinks, but he always made sure to let me know he saw me as Darcy.
Still, Darcy can't deny the effect Aunt Petunia's statement has on her.
But Aunt Petunia has no idea of what they have together—has no idea the love she and Lupin share.
Aunt Petunia doesn't think anyone could love me having known my mother—she doesn't think Darcy Potter could be loved.
She wants to tell Aunt Petunia then where she'd been instead of Emily's—wants to tell Aunt Petunia that she had fallen asleep curled up in Lupin's arms, had kissed him all over, had loved him in every way she could possibly think of.
But she doesn't.
She knows there will be consequences—knows that Vernon will likely find out, and the results won't be pretty.
Darcy doesn't think she's ever looked pretty with her face covered in bruises.
The memory of the last time he'd hit her in earnest still makes bile rise in her throat, and it's the only thing that stops her from admitting the truth to Aunt Petunia.
"Yes," Darcy rasps.
"He did."
"Men in that freak world of yours will always take an interest in you," Aunt Petunia frowns, eyebrows furrowed.
"Especially men who knew your freak mother."
When Darcy doesn't immediately answer, Aunt Petunia lets the silence hang over them for a minute.
Then, in a low voice, she says, "Go."
Darcy gets to her feet quickly, walking into the house and running up the stairs, feeling that she would have much rather Vernon hit her—at least then, after a few moments, the pain of it would subside.
Aunt Petunia's words haunt her for days, especially at night as she looks through the photographs she and Lupin had taken of each other.
They look so happy in them, as if they've been together for years—comfortable and relaxed with wide smiles and shy glances.
It makes her slightly sad to know the photographs represent their relationship—if that's what it is in the first place—in a much different light.
Without him by her side, without his smile and touch distracting her and stopping her from overthinking, Darcy is suddenly very wary about his feelings towards her.
She had thought, at the end of the school year, that their relationship would continue—that they would love each other completely and unrestrainedly, without reservation.
But Darcy had foolishly forgotten what the two of them are—Darcy Potter, sister of the Boy Who Lived and daughter of James and Lily Potter; no matter how much she wishes or dreams, that's all she'll ever be.
And then she thinks of him—Remus Lupin, werewolf, outcast, friend of her parents and godfather and twice her age.
She looks at the picture of Lupin smiling at the market, looking a young man again.
How many times has Darcy dreamt of another life?
One that isn't plagued by suffering and tragedy?
One that doesn't involve bearing so much responsibility at only eighteen.
It startles Darcy sometimes to remember how young she is—eighteen.
Surely she's older—surely she's lived longer than that—after all she's been through, it can't be possible that she's still so young.
Too young, she thinks.
Too young to have been through so much, to have lost so much—too young for him—I do look an awful like my mother when she was this age, when she was in school .
.
.
Don't be stupid, Darcy tells herself.
He loves you, not your mother.
You've had this conversation before.
And though Darcy knows the truth, and what Aunt Petunia has to say shouldn't matter, she can't help but to feel that if she's left alone, dwelling on these thoughts, they may eat her alive.
She glances up at the calendar, where she's been crossing off the days until Mr. Weasley will be coming to get her to take her to work.
Three days.
Darcy throws the photograph down on the bed and opens her desk drawer, pulling out a pen and some parchment.
Emily, Darcy pauses, wondering what will appeal to Emily most.
Surely the pleading, begging Darcy—that's always worked in the past when she needed to leave Privet Drive quickly.
But Darcy isn't feeling much in a pleading and begging mood.
She decides to take a different approach and lowers her pen to the parchment once more.
Get me the fuck out of her.
/N: Sorry about the delay!
I appreciate everyone's feedback, and will have the next chapter out soon!
Today, I am a Potter.
Today, I am my mother's daughter.
Darcy takes a long look at herself in the mirror while the rest of the house still sleeps.
Dawn light, pink and beautiful, seeps in through the tiny bathroom window near the ceiling.
She finds it hard to believe that she can look at a picture of her mother and think Lily the most beautiful woman in the world, and all the while not feel beautiful herself, despite the striking resemblance to Lily.
But up close, Darcy doesn't see the resemblance as much—they share the same red hair, the same vivid green eyes, the same milky skin.
From afar, she is certainly Lily's daughter.
But up close, Darcy's nose is wrong, her lips are wrong, her jawline is wrong, her body is wrong.
These minor differences between she and her mother are painfully obvious today, and Darcy wishes her mother was there to comfort her, to tell her that she's beautiful anyway—she wishes Sirius was there to hold her and tell her she's the prettiest girl in the world.
She wishes Lupin was there to kiss her—to prove that, even if she doesn't think she's beautiful, someone else does.
She wishes James were here.
She's sure her father could make her feel better, absolutely sure of it.
Darcy clips the purple necklace around her neck, admiring it.
Today, it feels like a crown upon her head.
A small comfort to her, remembering that Lupin had been the one to buy it.
It's as if he's here now, holding her hand, fingertips ghosting across the small of her back.
If things go south at the Ministry, she will still have Lupin to run to, to seek comfort from.
She knows what will happen when she arrives at the Ministry in a little while—knows that no matter how hard Mr. Weasley will try to hide her and keep away from the unwanted attention, it will come.
It is inescapable as a Potter and overwhelming, and Darcy suddenly is thankful she hasn't gone into the Ministry for a career.
How could she have forgotten who she is?
How could she have lost sight of that?
Going into the Ministry would have meant never having her own identity, never being able to just be Darcy, whoever that is.
She's never wanted to be her parents' legacy, but that's all she would have been, had she chosen to follow her dreams of working at the Ministry.
As soon as she sets foot inside the building, she knows people will flock to her, just as they always have.
People have always shaken her hand, wrapped her in uncomfortable hugs—when Cornelius Fudge had become Minister, frequenting Hogwarts to visit Dumbledore, reporters had been just as excited at glimpsing Darcy as Fudge.
Did she truly believe that, by going into the Ministry for a career, that would end?
Did I even want that?
Or was it just Emily?
I let her decide for me, even as children, what I wanted.
But that's all Darcy can remember—other people making choices for her, starting with strangers she'd never met deciding that she'd be better off with her aunt and uncle instead of Sirius.
What if I had been given the choice?
Would I have chosen Sirius over Harry?
Why wouldn't I have?
Why would I have chosen to live with strangers instead of someone who wanted me?
Darcy feels sick to her stomach.
Freedom is hard, she's learned.
Choices are hard.
Things are so much easier when other people make the decisions for her—Petunia had always decided what clothes Darcy had to wear, had structured her days to keep her busy, had chosen what Darcy would cook for meals; Emily had chosen where to go during summers, what they wanted to eat, what classes to continue taking at school, what Darcy wanted to be when they graduated.
Emily had chosen Darcy's goals and ambitions for her and picked out boys she thought Darcy would like, and sometimes Darcy feels that Emily has chosen certain personality traits for her, or maybe that's just a symptom of being so close to someone for so long.
She isn't sure how much of her personality is her own compared to how much of it has been carefully constructed by Emily.
Darcy has never been sure of many things.
But standing in front of the mirror, examining every little detail of her face, she's sure of one thing in particular—she's glad she has decided to return to Hogwarts.
She is thankful that she'll be with Harry, with Snape—someone who won't overwhelm her with infatuation and curiosity.
Someone who won't care who her parents are.
The anxiety that comes with a big day full of surprises gnaws at her as she waits upon the front step for Mr. Weasley.
Darcy tries to ease her anxiety with thoughts of spending the day away from Privet Drive, with Mr. Weasley, possibly being able to see Emily in the thick of it.
He arrives early, just as the sun begins to rise in earnest, and is surprised to see her already ready and outside waiting for him.
"Darcy .
.
.
you look beautiful," he whispers with a grin, looking her up and down with a bewildered kind of expression.
"I don't think I've ever seen you look so grown up before.
You've brushed your hair, anyway."
Darcy laughs and her heart races, and she knows she will never be able to express to Mr. Weasley how wonderful it is to hear those words from his mouth.
She touches her hair unconsciously, smoothing the stray hairs down.
Mr. Weasley approaches, greets her with a hug and a swift kiss to her forehead and they set off down the street, looking for a secluded place to Disapparate, far from prying eyes and early rising neighbors.
"I'm glad you're coming today—big day at the Ministry, big day, what with preparations for the Quidditch World Cup and the .
.
.
well, you'll find out soon enough, I think, and I'll tell you now, Darcy, you are in for a real treat once you get back to Hogwarts, you and Harry both."
Mr. Weasley sighs happily, his eyes seeming far off for a moment, and they settle into an awkward silence once again.
At once, he snaps out of it.
"I hope the Muggles have been good to you and Harry this summer."
Darcy smiles sheepishly.
"As good as they can be, I suppose," she shrugs, remembering vividly one of the sharp smacks to her face she'd received.
She rubs her right cheek.
"We're still alive, anyway."
"Here should be fine," Mr. Weasley suggests, not catching the bitterness in Darcy's answer, and he puts a hand on her elbow, leading her down a shady alleyway.
The cool air makes goosebumps rise on her arms, and in the process of adjusting the neckline on her dress, accidentally reveals just an inch of scar on her shoulder.
Mr. Weasley doesn't seem to notice as Darcy covers it once more, wishing she was in the safety of her own bed, feeling that today is going to go all wrong for reasons unknown to even herself.
"Hold onto me, Darcy."
She obeys as the world around her begins to spin, and within seconds, Darcy's feet hit solid ground.
Looking down at her feet first, Darcy notices the smooth, black wooden flooring upon which she stands—polished to look like a mirror, like completely still water.
She can see her blurred and pale reflection in it, and looks up around her in amazement.
Wizards and witches are just arriving at work, still moving in a sluggish manner, and the large Atrium is not yet full with bustling workers ready to start the day.
All around her, they Apparate quite routinely and regularly and lazily, or else exit from large fireplaces where green fire roars to life as someone appears in the hearth casually, sometimes hidden behind the morning's newspaper.
The employees wear robes of all different colors—navy blue, green, maroon, likely to signify their department or job—some with hats and some without.
Mr. Weasley smiles at the utterly blank look on her face and ushers her along, one hand firm upon her smooth shoulder.
Further along, Darcy stops again at a large, golden statue.
She looks up into the handsome wizard's face, reminded briefly of Sirius and his sharp-cut features, conventionally attractive almost to a fault; looking up dreamily at the wizard is an equally beautiful witch, long, stone hair blowing in a non-existent breeze.
Darcy's eyes fall upon the centaur next—she recalls the only time she had ever seen one, when she, Ron, and Harry had ventured into the Forbidden Forest for a detention.
Firenze, he was called, and Darcy had told her friends about the handsome centaur that allowed her to ride upon his back to safety (Emily hadn't believed her until Harry said something in passing about it the following day).
She remembers how Firenze had sensed her fear and worry after they'd encountered Voldemort, had spoken soothing words to her that she hadn't really understood, like he was speaking in riddles, but his tone had calmed her regardless.
Yet Firenze had never looked at her with such a sense of longing and admiration, as the statue-centaur looks at the statue-wizard and -witch.
In addition to this odd sight, a house-elf stands at the feet of the witch, water spraying from his ears, a dreamy look on his face, as well.
But the strangest thing of all is the goblin beside the house-elf, crudely sculpted to look angry and purposefully ugly.
Darcy catches sight of a sign around the base about donations made to St Mungo's, and thinking happily of Gemma, Darcy throws two Galleons into the water without hesitation.
High above them are windows, where the sun shines bright through them against a clear blue sky.
Darcy frowns.
"Mr. Weasley .
.
.
those windows .
.
.
that isn't the correct weather, is it?"
"Oh, no, not at all," Mr. Weasley explains.
"Remember, we're underground.
It's magic."
Darcy blushes.
"Oh.
Right."
"I want to introduce you to someone very important, who's been working very hard on the World Cup," Mr. Weasley continues after Darcy throws her coins into the fountain.
He checks his watch as they approach the security desk.
"By which time, I should have a surprise for you."
Darcy only smiles at him as the security wizard takes her wand and registers it quickly ("Ten inches, unicorn hair core, beech wood?"
"Yes, sir.
"), giving it back without grievance.
She thanks him and puts her wand back into her pocket (a pocket that she'd sewn on Aunt Petunia's old dress simply to have a place to put her wand).
Mr. Weasley continues to walk her through the Atrium, her footsteps echoing on the wooden floor, and they walk through a large, golden gate to a smaller room (equally as tall) full of lifts, bringing wizards and witches to their intended destination.
The two of them squeeze into a half-full lift, Mr. Weasley standing just behind her shoulder.
"Few stops to make before we go to my office, so just be patient, Darcy, all right?"
At the sound of his words, several people in the lift turn to look furtively at Darcy, but it doesn't go unnoticed.
Mr. Weasley seems to have realized his mistake, and Darcy's grateful that the lift empties within the first few floors.
It continues to carry them up several floors, until a disembodied, female voice says, "Level seven, Department of Magical Games and Sports, incorporating the British and Irish Quidditch League Headquarters, Official Gobstones Club, and Ludicrous Patents Office."
When Darcy exits the lift and enters the department's corridor, she has to smile.
It's an unorganized and untidy, but large office of sorts—cubicles are all around, several of them, each with posters of Quidditch teams and famous players.
Multi-colored papers litter the tops of desks and are stacked on overflowing waste bins and many of the workers are hurrying around and talking to each other excitedly, quills and parchment following after them.
Mr. Weasley takes her elbow, pushing her into the thick of it, craning his neck for a look around.
"Morning, Arthur."
"Good to see you, Arthur."
"Working hard?"
"Arthur Weasley!
And who is this delightful young woman you've brought with you?
Is it safe to assume she's one of yours?"
The man shakes Mr. Weasley's hand vigorously, his eyes fixed upon Darcy.
He takes in her red hair, her green eyes, and then releases Mr. Weasley's hand, taking a step back to take in Darcy's full appearance.
Darcy looks him up down, and thinks that—maybe—many, many years ago, the man would have been rather good-looking.
Broad shouldered and thick armed, his bright blue eyes rove Darcy's face for what seems like a long time.
His smile fades only for a moment, and then it's back, his face looking flushed and his eyes finding Mr. Weasley's again.
"Oho!"
the man exclaims, holding out an eager hand towards Darcy.
"I knew you looked familiar—just knew that I'd seen you somewhere before—you're not one of Arthur's!
You're Darcy, Darcy Potter, aren't you?"
Feeling the best thing to do in this case, with everyone's eyes now upon them, is turn up her charm, Darcy nods and puts on her best smile, shaking his hand.
"I am," she admits shyly.
"I'm Darcy Potter, yes."
This seems to delight the man, who's nearly bouncing on his heels.
"Darcy Potter," he repeats, chuckling to himself.
"Ludo Bagman, Head of Magical Games and Sports, lead organizer—or one of them, I suppose—of the Quidditch World Cup, which I do hope you'll be attending, my dear—and one of the organizers of the—" "I haven't told her yet, Ludo," Mr. Weasley interrupts with a small smile.
He turns to Darcy.
"Ludo was the one who got us such wonderful tickets for the World Cup."
Ludo waves an impatient hand, having eyes for no one but Darcy.
"I've heard rumors, of course, that you'll be returning to Hogwarts this coming fall.
Have I been hearing correct?"
"Oh," Darcy blushes, still smiling at him and holding her hands behind her back.
"I hadn't realized things moved so quickly in the Ministry.
Yes, I am returning to Hogwarts."
"You are in for a real treat, Darcy, once you return," Ludo says with raised eyebrows.
"An absolute treat."
"So I've heard," Darcy replies, looking at Mr. Weasley.
"Go on, Arthur—I won't ruin the surprise if you'd rather tell her yourself!"
Mr. Weasley clears his throat, and Darcy looks at him expectantly.
Holding his hands out in front of him and exhaling loudly, Mr. Weasley shrugs his shoulders.
"This year, Hogwarts will be hosting the Triwizard Tournament," he says, but noticing Darcy's blank expression, he elaborates.
"The Triwizard Tournament is—well, a contest of sorts, involving Hogwarts, and two other Wizarding schools.
A champion will be selected from each school and they will then compete in the tournament."
"Three different tasks have been selected for the champion to compete in," Ludo continues.
"Dangerous tasks, full of grueling challenges, forced to make the champions restless—but!
The winner will win, not only win eternal glory for the rest of their life, but a fat sack of Galleons, as well.
Now, people have died in the past, of course, but Barty and I have been—" "People have died?"
Darcy asks, rounding on Mr. Weasley.
"What do you mean people have died?"
"I know what you're thinking," Mr. Weasley mutters.
"And no one under the age of seventeen will be permitted to enter.
One of the new rules, given the circumstances of the tournament many, many years ago."
"Now, Darcy, all of this is top secret, understand, my dear?"
Ludo winks, taking Darcy's hands in his own.
She doesn't quite pull her hands away, but with his grip, Darcy doesn't think he's keen on letting go.
"We can't have these details leaking out before the tournament is officially announced!
Not even to your brother, Darcy!
Do you have time for a tour?
Arthur, let me take this lovely young woman off your hands for a little while, just while I show her the inner workings of my department!"
He puts a hand on the small of her back, and Darcy looks pleadingly at Mr. Weasley, who takes Darcy's wrist and pulls her away from Ludo.
"Sorry, Ludo, but we do have a busy day ahead of us," Mr. Weasley says, pulling Darcy behind him and smiling sweetly at Ludo.
"I've only got her here for the day, and there's so much to see and many other people to meet, I'm afraid."
"Ah, that's all right," Ludo sighs, not seeming very disappointed.
"I'm sure we'll see much, much more of each other this year, my dear!
Come, let me say goodbye to you for the time being!
It was such a pleasure to finally meet you!
Working at the Ministry, you hear all sorts of things about the Potters, but of course, you are far more beautiful than they've described you."
Darcy gives an embarrassed laugh and steps to Mr. Weasley's side.
Ludo takes her hand in his again and kisses her knuckles, making her flush a deep red.
"Goodbye, Mr. Bagman," she says hastily, pulling her hand away from his lips.
"Good luck with everything."
Mr. Weasley leads her rather quickly to the lifts again, looking quite flustered.
"I'm so sorry about that, Darcy," he tells her with a small smile.
"Ludo is, generally, quite friendly and—he's just over excited about everything.
Don't think anything of it.
You know, he hasn't been doing much in the past years, so having two things to work on at once has made him—" "It's all right, Mr. Weasley," Darcy answers, giving his forearm a reassuring squeeze.
"Truly.
He's lovely, just a little .
.
.
overbearing?"
"He was a Quidditch player himself back in the day.
It's a good place in the Ministry for him to be, and I wanted to have him there when I told you about the Triwizard Tournament.
He was right, however—it is strictly top secret and you shouldn't even know about it, really, but .
.
.
since when have I ever kept anything top secret from you?"
As people begin to enter the lift, shuffling Darcy and Mr. Weasley around, he checks his watch again.
"Nearly time.
I think you'll enjoy this next surprise much better."
After a few more people get on and off the lift, the female voice says again, "Level two, Department of Magical Law Enforcement, including the Improper Use of Magic Offices, Auror Headquarters, and Wizengamot Administration Services."
Mr. Weasley and Darcy push their way to the golden grilles gently, and he leads her down the bare stretch of corridor until they emerge into a large, open room full of cubicles, just as the last department had been.
However, instead of Quidditch posters decorating the walls, pictures full of Dark wizards, Sirius Black, Daily Prophet clippings, and pictures of family and friends.
"Welcome to the Auror Headquarters, Darcy," Mr. Weasley grins, and Darcy smiles.
She looks around the room, taking in the sights of Aurors chatting with friends, lazing at their desks with their feet up as they dictate a report to a quill that scribbles frantically, laughing and sending paper airplanes through the air that zoom past Darcy's head, talking in low voices at their desks over some official looking parchment.
"Come along this way.
I have something I want to show you."
Darcy obliges, following Mr. Weasley through the rows of cubicles—none of them seem to notice Darcy, a smile on her face as she looks around.
She imagines herself sitting at one of these cubicles, a few years older than she is now, with photographs of her and her friends and family at her desk, the photographs that she has stuck on the wall in her bedroom.
Mr. Weasley tugs at her arm again and Darcy turns, to see the backs of two young women huddled together, clearly gossiping and giggling.
But the scene makes Darcy's heart stop momentarily, her smile growing wider.
She recognizes one of these girls—recognizes the blonde hair and high-pitched laugh.
"Emily!"
Both women turn around, their smiles fading quickly and brows furrowing, but at the sight of Darcy, Emily grins again.
"Darcy!"
The two girls run towards each other and hug tightly.
"What are you doing here?
You didn't tell me you were coming to the Ministry!"
Still clutching each other's hands, Darcy shakes her head in disbelief.
"Well, you have Max still, I hope, and Hedwig's out delivering a letter—it was all very short notice, but Mr. Weasley's brought me here for the day!
I didn't realize you'd be here, I thought .
.
.
well, I'm so glad you're here!"
"Darcy, I'm so sorry I didn't reply to your letter."
Emily sighs happily, looking her friend over and smoothing Darcy's hair down.
It's a very welcome and familiar touch and she finds herself leaning into Emily's palm.
"I've been trying to get some time off of work, but it's just been so busy lately and they're putting me through the ringer—" "I understand," Darcy says quickly, smiling at Emily to indicate she's being honest.
"I'm so happy for you—is this what you've been doing?
Training to become an Auror?
You haven't told me any of that!"
"I wanted to," Emily explains.
"But I wanted to tell you in person—I couldn't just write this on a piece of parchment, I mean—this is my dream and it just seems so silly to see it in writing!
I was going to tell you when I saw you again, I promise!"
"Emily, this is wonderful!
I'm so happy for you!"
"Thank you so much!"
Emily replies, and she lowers her hands from Darcy to look over her shoulder at Mr. Weasley.
"Mr. Weasley, could I give Darcy a tour?
I swear I'll get her back to you on time!"
Darcy turns to see Mr. Weasley with a smile, nodding at them.
"Go on," he chuckles.
"I'll be in my office.
Don't be too long and no lingering.
Bring her straight back when you're done."
When Mr. Weasley waves and turns to leave, Darcy faces Emily again.
"I am so glad to see you," Emily says again, looping her arm around Darcy's.
"Anyway—sorry—this is Tonks.
She's been helping me prepare for my training.
I've been shadowing her—she'll be a fully fledged Auror next year, and—get this!—she was friends with Carla's sister!
Tonks, this is Darcy Potter."
Darcy now looks at the other young woman standing slightly behind Emily, and she smiles kindly at her, holding out a hand to shake Tonks's.
At once, Darcy recognizes her—a few years older than both she and Emily, Tonks is the same age as Carla's sister, Elena, and they'd both been in Hufflepuff.
It's hard not to remember someone with bright pink hair, and Darcy immediately takes to her, knowing that Aunt Petunia wouldn't be very happy with her choice of hair color.
When she smiles, it makes her cheeks slightly pink with the effort of mustering the biggest smile she can.
"It's wonderful to meet you," Darcy says.
"Likewise," Tonks smiles.
"Emily thinks very highly of you—talks about you all the time.
Any friend of Emily's is a friend of mine."
"Forgive my asking, I'm only curious," Darcy continues, releasing Tonks's hand and catching the slight pink tint on Emily's cheeks.
"You're a Metamorphmagus, aren't you?
I remember you at school."
"Yes," Tonks answers proudly, laughing.
"I am.
Dead useful as an Auror, too.
Do you want to see my party trick?"
"It's great," Emily assures her.
"Sure," Darcy says with a chuckle.
Tonks screws up her pretty face, eyes crossed in concentration, and before Darcy's very eyes, her small pixie nose is suddenly a pig's snout, doing nothing to enhance her beauty.
But Tonks laughs, and Darcy can't help but laugh with her.
"All right, that's a pretty good party trick," Darcy jokes, and Tonks adjusts her nose back to normal when a few Aurors poke their heads around the walls of their cubicles.
Emily clutches tighter onto Darcy's arm.
"Excuse us, Tonks, but I should give her the tour quickly before anyone notices that I've gone—not that many people do notice me at all here," she teases and Tonks snickers.
Emily leads her away, walking slowly, and keeps pace with Darcy's long strides.
She shows Darcy the cubicle she and Tonks share and Darcy can't help but think it's very like Emily's bedroom—there are a few pictures of her with her mother and father, along with a picture that had been taken only weeks ago in front of Hogwarts, with Emily, Darcy, Carla, and Gemma smiling, their arms thrown around each other.
There are a few other offices on the floor that Emily and Darcy pop their heads into, and they talk aimlessly of how their summers have been going among other things.
"So, tell me about training," Darcy says.
"Your .
..
.
's came back all right, then?"
"I did quite well, though I got an E in Potions—it made them rather wary, seeing as Potions is quite necessary to be an Auror—poisons and antidotes and what have you, but I proved that I know my stuff and they were happy to take me!
That, and when Moody heard that Professor Snape was teaching us, he vouched for me.
Not a Snape fan.
He's another Auror.
Wait until you meet him."
Emily smiles at a Ministry worker that walks past them.
To Darcy's surprise, he smiles back.
"What have you been doing this summer?
Your letter was so .
.
.
worrying, and I didn't know what to think."
"Oh, that—it's so stupid," Darcy explains with a slight chuckle.
"I was just overthinking—something Petunia told me, but it's nothing.
It's nothing—things have been fine.
Harry's fine.
I'm fine."
"No one who's really fine needs to say so about a hundred times," Emily jokes again as they weave through a few Aurors poring over a map of Britain.
"Though I don't see any bruises on you, which is always a good thing."
"Yeah," Darcy says.
"I mean, I did—it was a while and I had some when I—well—" Darcy clears her throat, suddenly very hot.
"I mean—I was—I went to—they got better after—I was at—Remus'."
Emily stops, narrowing her eyes at Darcy.
Darcy can tell she's battling an internal conflict, whether or not it's worth it right now to say something rude about their relationship.
Emily inhales deeply.
"How was it?
Did you have fun?"
Darcy looks at Emily sheepishly.
"It was good.
He took very good care of me.
I had a good time, and I think he did, too."
"Hm."
Emily reaches for a change of subject and her face quickly lights up again.
"Mum's here—we could go see her if you'd like?
She's working on this big piece about the Quidditch World Cup—you know how she's crazy about Quidditch—and she's been taking interviews from some people involved.
Come on, we'll go find her—she'll be so excited to see you again!"
Emily pulls Darcy towards the lifts again.
"Maybe we should stay up here," Darcy suggests, glancing around for a sign of Mr. Weasley.
"C'mon, Darcy," Emily groans, rolling her eyes.
"You're always up for a little adventure, I thought!
We'll be back in a little bit.
No one will even notice we've gone."
Darcy knows that Emily doesn't realize her wanting to stay close to Mr. Weasley is not so much a desire to stay out of trouble, but a desire to stay away from Ministry workers who may take a little too much interest in her.
After her encounter with Ludo Bagman, things are only bound to get worse, especially with the Ministry now jam-packed with witches and wizards.
Emily and Darcy squeeze into the full lift, riding it back down the same floor Darcy and Mr. Weasley had just been.
The two of them walk in silence down the familiar corridor, and when they reach the office, Emily hums, looking around.
"She must be here somewhere .
.
. "
But Darcy notices that the office is much busier and much fuller than it had been when she'd been down here, and not all of the people seem to be Ministry workers, lacking robes, and instead dressed in outrageously colored pantsuits and dresses.
Many of them have quills floating around their heads and are deep in conversation with many workers, and it's then that Darcy spots Ludo Bagman on the opposite side of the office, talking to a woman with tightly curled blonde hair, but the look on Ludo's face is completely different than the one he'd looked at Darcy with.
In fact, he seems annoyed and irritated by the woman, ready to be rid of her, and when he looks over to scan the room again, his eyes settle on Darcy, widening.
"Emily," Darcy whispers.
"Who is that woman with Ludo Bagman?"
"You know Ludo Bagman?"
Emily asks absently, turning to follow Darcy's line of vision.
"Oh no .
.
.
that's Rita Skeeter.
My mother goes on and on about her—she's a reporter for the Daily Prophet, but not a particularly kind one like my mother is.
Maybe we should get you out of here, quickly."
But Ludo is still staring at her, and he leaves Rita Skeeter mid-sentence, approaching Darcy and Emily quickly.
Rita follows him with her eyes, and Ludo is still grumbling when he claps a hand on Darcy's shoulder and attempts to lead her away from the crowd.
Emily follows, clutching Darcy's wrist.
"Couldn't stay away, could you?"
Ludo asks Darcy with a half-hearted smile.
"Something you find attractive about the department?
It's all about who you know, Darcy, and I could get you—" "Is this the Darcy Potter?"
The three of them spin around, and Ludo's face darkens again at the sight of Rita Skeeter.
Her hair barely bounces with each step that she takes, almost frozen into place, and the jeweled glasses perched on the tip of her nose glint in the bright overhead lights.
When she smiles innocently at Darcy, Darcy notices a small red smear of lipstick on her front tooth and a golden one near the back.
Neither Darcy, Emily, or Ludo answer, but they all scrunch their nose at Rita.
"My, my, my," Rita sighs, shaking her head with a smile.
"Aren't you something!
I do remember seeing a picture of you years ago, but you're quite the young woman now, aren't you?
Eighteen and fresh out of Hogwarts .
.
.
what have you been up to?"
"I don't think that's any of your business," Darcy says, attempting to keep her tone as level as possible.
She takes a step back, trodding on Ludo's toes and muttering a quiet apology, blushing.
"I'm not interested in giving an interview."
"Not even a little quote?
Something to appease the masses?"
Rita clears her throat, smiling her oily smile.
"How do you feel about no longer being a student?"
"Er—I should get back," Darcy answers hastily, speaking more to Ludo than to Rita, hoping he'll give her some good excuse to run off.
"Mr. Weasley is probably waiting for me—" "No, no!
Please!"
Rita grabs Darcy's wrist, her long, green fingernails clamping tight onto her.
"Freshly graduated, returning as an assistant to Hogwarts, and—if the rumors are correct—preparing to settle down with a certain someone?"
Darcy falters, her mouth suddenly very dry.
"I'm sorry?"
Rita takes a step closer, digging around in her handbag for something.
The three of them watch as she withdraws an acid green quill and a piece of parchment.
She sucks the end of the quill for a moment and puts the tip to the parchment, where they both float in midair, preparing to write.
"Witch Weekly loves a good forbidden romance story," Rita replies, looking at Darcy expectantly.
"And what better romance is there to write about than that of Darcy Potter and Remus Lupin—old friend of your parents', previously your professor, and—perhaps the most interesting part, a recently outed—" "That's enough," Emily snaps, quieting Rita immediately.
"Darcy doesn't want to give an interview about her possible romance, so drop it, would you?"
"And you are?"
Rita asks, looking Emily up and down.
"Emily Duncan."
"Duncan .
.
.
like Beth's daughter?"
Rita gives a high-pitched laugh, snorting dramatically.
"Sure, Beth's a mediocre journalist at best .
.
."
"My mother is an extraordinary journalist.
At least she doesn't depend on smear articles to get published."
"What are you going to do about it?"
Rita sneers.
"If an eighteen-year-old girl can force me out of the Ministry of Magic when all I'm searching for is a little information, then I've chosen the wrong career.
All I'm asking is—" "Now, see here!
This is my department that you're in!"
Ludo says suddenly, making Darcy jump, and she feels a sudden rush of affection for him.
He places a protective hand upon her shoulder again.
She supposes he would be more intimidating if he was taller than Darcy.
"Darcy is a swell girl, a sweet girl, and I won't have you treating her like—" "What's going on here?"
Darcy, Emily, and Ludo turn quickly to see Mr. Weasley hustling towards them.
He grabs Darcy's scarred shoulder roughly to pull her back to him, and Darcy knows that his fingers have felt them beneath her dress by the way his fingers align with them and tighten.
Her heart starts to hammer in her chest and other people are now becoming drawn to the scene—more reporters are listening, and the occasional camera flashes.
The buzz of conversation has quieted.
Mr. Weasley pulls her to him, looking Rita Skeeter up and down.
"They told me you were here," Mr. Weasley says quietly to Rita Skeeter.
"Leave this poor girl alone."
"Well, since you asked so nicely," Rita replies, still sneering, eyes fixed upon Darcy's face.
"It's a reporter's dream to interview Darcy Potter—you probably remember everything, don't you?
Tell me, Darcy—has Arthur Weasley become something of a father figure to you?
Are the rumors true that you and Remus Lupin were spotted in Diagon Alley together holding hands?
This blossoming romance of yours—what a scandal!—did it start before or after he was sacked from—" "He wasn't sacked," Darcy says, albeit quietly from Mr. Weasley's side, blushing furiously.
"He resigned, and he doesn't deserve this."
"But you don't deny—" "Leave her alone," Emily growls.
"Come on, Darcy, Emily—goodbye Ludo," Mr. Weasley says again, dragging Darcy away from the scene.
Rita watches them go, her quill writing quickly of its own accord.
He leads her wordlessly to the lifts again, Emily trailing behind them, looking very flushed and flustered.
"Mr. Weasley, I'm sorry—I didn't know that Rita Skeeter would be there," she says apologetically, squeezing through the grilles before they shut.
Emily elbows a heavier witch aside to make room for her.
"I only wanted to bring Darcy to see my mother—I had no idea—" "Emily, you of all people should have known—" "I'm sorry, I just wanted—!"
"Darcy," Mr. Weasley says as they reach the second level again, his voice so soft that it frightens Darcy.
Everyone else in the lift busies themselves by flipping through the newspaper or examining their fingernails, but Darcy knows they're all listening.
"I would like to speak to you in my office—alone.
Say goodbye to Emily."
Emily gives Darcy a sad look and speeds off the lift, back towards Auror Headquarters.
Mr. Weasley leads Darcy through the office, a hand still upon her shoulder.
Darcy spies Emily resuming her place at Tonks' side, their heads together again, and Darcy feels a jealous pang in her heart for a brief moment before looking away and rounding a corner towards Mr. Weasley's office.
That was supposed to be us, Darcy thinks, sighing heavily.
Mr. Weasley opens the door to his office, and Darcy is first surprised at how small it is.
It's a little larger than a broom closet with two desks crammed inside, a few filing cabinets pressed against the walls.
Someone is already inside the office, and as Mr. Weasley sits down behind his own desk, he murmurs, "Perkins—could you give us a minute?
We won't be long."
As Perkins stands, confused, and leaves the office, Mr. Weasley motions for her to sit at the now empty desk.
His ears are red, much like Ron's get during moments of embarrassment, and Darcy feels biles rise in her throat, much like it does before receiving a good smack from Vernon.
It takes a few minutes for Mr. Weasley to gather his thoughts.
Then, he clears his throat.
"I want to apologize to you first," he says.
"I should have known better than to let you wander the Ministry with so much happening, and I should have known that would happen.
I'm sorry."
"Mr. Weasley, it's—" He holds his hand up to indicate she be quiet.
Darcy shuts her mouth and Mr. Weasley takes his glasses off, rubbing his temples furiously.
Tears well up in Darcy's eyes and she purses her lips, waiting for him to shout.
"I don't even know what to say to you, Darcy," he sighs.
"Is it true?
You're involved with—you and him—your professor?"
She remains silent, and Mr. Weasley takes the silence to be her answer, correctly.
"If you were my daughter, you would never leave my house again, do you understand that?"
Darcy nods ever so slightly.
"As it happens, you are not my daughter, so I cannot enforce such punishment, but just know that I would—I absolutely would, no questions asked."
Mr. Weasley puts his glasses back on and stares at Darcy with a piercing gaze.
"However, the fact that you are not my daughter does not mean I cannot give you my honest advice, and I need you to heed my words, Darcy, do you hear me?"
"Yes, sir."
The look he gives her breaks her into a million pieces, and Darcy starts to cry in earnest, tears slipping down her cheeks.
"What were you thinking, Darcy?
Of all the things you have done, this has to be the stupidest," he continues, his voice still dangerously calm.
"You could have been expelled from Hogwarts, lost all of the opportunities that were offered to you—your reputation, your dignity—what were you thinking?"
Darcy feels the best thing to say is what he wants to hear.
"I wasn't thinking, sir."
"No, you weren't," Mr. Weasley agrees.
"No, you certainly were not.
I should not have to tell you how inappropriate whatever you think you have going on is.
You are eighteen-years-old, hardly an adult, and there is no reason for him to attempt to pursue something with you, graduated or not.
He is old enough to be your father—there are plenty of older women in this world that he is more than welcome to, and I'd like very much to know what his intentions are with an eighteen-year-old girl barely out of school."
Looking away, Darcy wipes her tears.
"He is not to touch you ever again," Mr. Weasley hisses, his face growing redder by the moment, making him look like a ripe tomato.
"He is not to look at you, touch you, think about touching you, think about you at all, or so help me, Darcy, I will handle this situation myself if I have to.
And the same goes for you.
If I hear that you've so much as glanced in his direction, you will see a side of me that I have no desire to show you.
Is that understood?"
Darcy pauses, knowing very well that despite Mr. Weasley's words, she cannot throw away what she and Lupin have.
"Yes, Mr.
Weasley."
Mr. Weasley gets to his feet, and the bile in Darcy's throat burns.
She flinches away, moving her chair back and pressing herself against the wall.
Mr. Weasley stops dead in his tracks, furrowing his brow.
His voice is suddenly soft and soothing.
"What are you—oh, Darcy, I would never hit you—" He sits back down in his chair and Darcy watches him warily.
His eyes scan Darcy's face, looking at the tears in her eyes and rolling down her cheeks.
"Are you hungry?"
Darcy shrugs her shoulders and Mr. Weasley gets to his feet again.
"Let's go get some lunch," he says, holding out a hand for Darcy.
She takes it and walks around the desk, approaching Mr. Weasley.
"My treat."
She looks him over, love for Mr. Weasley nearly making her heart burst.
Mr. Weasley, who upon finding out about she and Lupin, had not raised a single hand to her, had barely shouted or raised his voice, makes Darcy love him more and, at the same time, breaks her heart.
She wonders what life would be like if Mr. Weasley had been her father and she almost starts crying again.
Overwhelmed with affection, Darcy hugs Mr. Weasley tight around the middle.
He tenses for a second, and then hugs her back, kissing the top of her hea.
arcy and Mr. Weasley take lunch at the Leaky Cauldron, where much of the lunch rush has already passed.
There's a table near the back corner where they seat themselves and for a long time, they eat slowly in awkward silence.
Mr. Weasley tries for conversation every so often, asking about her .
..
's, Harry, or Hogwarts, but after receiving one word answers from Darcy, seems to decide to finally give it up.
Instead, he watches her push her food around—an overdone steak with dry mashed potatoes on the side.
It's not that Darcy is mad at Mr. Weasley or that she wants to be rude to him—in fact, her humiliation and extreme embarrassment has subsided much quicker than she'd expected—but her mind is racing with all kinds of nasty thoughts.
How long until Rita Skeeter tarnishes her reputation with a single stroke of her vile green quill?
How long until it's revealed to everyone she knows that she and Lupin had crossed a line while she had been his student?
How long until Sirius catches wind of these rumors?
How will he react?
What will he say—if anything?
Will he still want to speak to her?
Will he still love her?
Or will he see this as a betrayal of his trust on both she and Lupin's part?
Darcy feels foolish—weak.
The slightest bit of attention and she had become so overwhelmed, so childish, just a young girl again.
At Hogwarts at least, she had been safe from the outside world.
Dumbledore had made it so after she'd been harassed just the once.
At Privet Drive, she is safe, and the only person who dotes on her there is Mrs. Figg, one of the strangest people she's ever known, and even that isn't very often, as Darcy keeps her distance most of the time.
There are no Ludo Bagman's at either of those places, no Rita Skeeter's—but how many of these people will pester her now about petty details of her life?
"Mr. Weasley," she rasps, stabbing her steak moodily with her fork.
"Do you think I could tell you something?
Maybe get your opinion on it?"
"Certainly," Mr. Weasley says with a small smile, seemingly eager at her attempt to finally start a conversation.
Darcy smiles back weakly from behind her napkin, lowering it into her lap and looking blankly down at her plate.
"What is it?"
"It's something Aunt Petunia told me a little while ago and I haven't been able to stop thinking about it," she murmurs, pursing her lips.
Forcibly reminding herself of her aunt, Darcy relaxes her face and rearranges her expression, trying not to look as affected.
"She told me, when we were out in the garden together, that men would always take an interest in me in our world—the magical world—especially if they knew my mother."
Darcy pauses for a moment, toying with her fork again, but not eating.
"Do you think—do you think there's any truth to what she said?"
Mr. Weasley tenses suddenly, his fork halfway to his mouth.
He looks at Darcy for a long time before lowering it back to his plate.
"Yes," he answers quietly.
"I do think there's some truth to it.
And I think you should be wary of it, as well.
You're a pretty girl who survived a terrible tragedy—" "I'm not a survivor," Darcy mutters, looking down into her lap, examining her fingernails.
"Voldemort—" "—don't say his name, Darcy—" "—You-Know-Who never tried to kill me.
It was Harry.
Instead, I was hiding behind my baby brother, afraid and crying."
"You were barely five-years-old," Mr. Weasley replies firmly.
"No one would have expected you to jump in front of him, to sacrifice yourself for him.
And if you had, who's to say you wouldn't be the one wearing that scar?"
Darcy hesitates.
"I'd rather it be me," she states very matter of factly, set in her beliefs.
"Anything to take the burden off Harry's shoulders.
It should have been me.
I should have protected him."
"Maybe you would bear that scar, Darcy," he frowns.
"Maybe the curse would have done the same to you—we'll never know.
But it also could have killed you."
Darcy is quiet, resuming the pushing around of her food.
She remembers the scene—she's dreamed of it so many time before, it's hard not recall it so vividly—and remembers her mother falling limply to the ground, remembers the hooded Voldemort moving closer to Harry's crib, where Darcy had sat there and cried.
But she can't remember what had been going through her head at the time—but Mr. Weasley does raise a good point.
Darcy had only been five-years-old.
Is that too much to expect from a five-year-old?
To instinctively protect their little brother?
To shield their little brother from a curse that would likely kill both of them?
Isn't that the job of the older sibling—to protect, to sacrifice?
She thinks hard.
She can't really remember a time where she wouldn't have died for Harry.
Sure, she'd hated every fiber of his being for a long time until she stopped dwelling on her parents' death—but that wouldn't have stopped her from sacrificing herself for him without hesitation.
Harry is her brother—her family.
Their mother died for them, their father died for them—they made the ultimate sacrifice for their children.
What would my life be like now if I bore that scar upon my forehead instead of Harry?
Desperate to get her mind off of this depressing train of thought, Darcy looks back up at Mr. Weasley pleadingly.
"But surely people don't just like me because they think I'm pretty," she says, hoping Mr. Weasley will not tell her truth, but just comforting things she wants to hear.
"Why should people be concerned about who I—" Darcy blushes.
"—love—and why do they treat me like I'm—I don't know—" Mr. Weasley frowns.
"Because you are a pretty girl and you are a Potter.
And it will always be so."
He sits up a little straighter in his chair, clearing his throat quietly.
"Darcy, I believe, when you are a little older, the Ministry and the Daily Prophet are going to rely on you very much."
"Why me?"
Darcy asks gloomily.
"Why not Harry?
He's the Boy-Who-Lived.
I'm no one."
"You are older than Harry, much more articulate and well-spoken when you want to be, and a very charming girl.
Your words and opinions will be very important to them, I believe, because they'll see those words and opinions as Harry's, as well."
But Mr. Weasley notices that he isn't making things better and decides to try a different tack.
"Darcy, you cannot listen to what those people say about you.
They will write things that are true and they will write things that are not.
But the important thing is, you're the only one who knows the truth—you, and the people who love you.
That should be all you need.
You have nothing to prove to anyone."
You have nothing to prove to anyone.
How many times has Darcy said those words, or a variation of them, to Harry?
How many times had Harry approached her in the corridors at school, frustrated beyond belief, at what people were saying?
Snape thinks I'm arrogant and foolish like dad, he'd said.
They think I'm the Heir of Slytherin, he'd said.
They think I'm crazy, he'd said—multiple times.
Even at Privet Drive, Harry had become angry quickly at the Dursleys short retorts, rude jabs at their parents, especially Marge, who took pleasure in seeing Harry riled up.
Darcy had always told him the same thing: "You have nothing to prove to those people."
But their words had still stung her, still made her heart ache at night, despite the brave front she'd put on for her brother.
No matter how many times she had given Harry that advice with a smile, she'd never been able to apply it to herself.
All that had mattered was that Harry wasn't dwelling on it, wasn't lying in bed unable to sleep because of it.
Darcy leans back in her chair, looking at Mr. Weasley very intensely, as if seeing him for the first time.
She'd never asked him before, but now seems like a good time to, though Darcy isn't sure she's prepared to hear his answer.
Regardless, she plunges on.
"Why do you take such an interest in me, Mr.
Weasley?"
she asks, and Mr. Weasley looks surprised.
"Why do you bring me to your work instead of one of your own children?
Why do you visit me at Hogsmeade?
Why does it matter so much to you who I'm involved with?"
Darcy realizes her tone must sound rather accusing, and her expression softens.
She gives Mr. Weasley a slightly apologetic look.
"Darcy, my children are old enough to want some distance between themselves and anything that proves we love each other," Mr. Weasley smiles weakly.
"You were so frightened when I found you crying on Ginny's floor.
You were sixteen-years-old and I knew that no one had ever comforted you after a nightmare, and it broke my heart."
"How did you know?"
she asks quickly, feeling no older than ten-years-old again.
"How could you tell?"
"Because you responded so eagerly, in a way my own children never have.
You wanted to be held, didn't you?"
She pauses, nodding in spite of herself.
"Yes.
Very much so."
Mr. Weasley holds his hands out, as if to say 'I told you so'.
Darcy's cheeks turn pink again, and she has a hard time looking him in the eyes for a minute or two.
It embarrasses her, for a moment, that Mr. Weasley could tell straight away that she had never known—as far as she can remember— the loving embrace of such comforting arms.
But that was before Sirius—before she'd started dreaming of him again.
Darcy almost feels as if what she wants to say is more of a massive betrayal on her part towards Sirius than being with Lupin is, but she wants to say it anyway.
"Rita Skeeter was right, you know," Darcy whispers.
Thinking of Sirius, of the family she could have had, makes tears prickle painfully in her eyes again.
"You're the closest thing I've ever had to a real father.
I barely remember my own."
Mr. Weasley smiles, and Darcy thinks she sees his eyes shine wet with tears for the briefest moment.
"In another life, Darcy, you'd have been my daughter," Mr. Weasley says.
"You would have been loved and wanted, and none of this would ever have happened to you."
They finish their meals—Darcy not touching any of her food—in silence.
No story about Darcy is published in the Daily Prophet in the weeks that follow, and she makes sure to scour every page just in case.
July rolls into August, and with it comes letters that carry promises of an escape from Privet Drive.
Emily arranges to have the same days off as Mr. Weasley in order for Darcy to leave at the same time as her brother; Gemma, who's made plans to go to the World Cup with Gemma, promises to talk further with her about Lupin's decision to move forward with her offer; Carla sends Harry and Darcy some sweets that they both find slightly repulsive, and many, many photographs for them to sort through.
Darcy holds her breath when she receives a letter from Sirius, but there's no mention of her and Lupin in it, and he only makes empty promises of their being a family soon, how Darcy will have a place to go away from the Dursleys—but this doesn't make Darcy feel better.
It only makes her feel like a child—is she really supposed to live with her godfather for years, while her friends make their own way in the world, starting careers and moving out of their parents' house.
Each time she thinks about it, the gnawing sensation in Darcy's stomach gets worse as she thinks about the direction she's headed in life—stuck at Privet Drive, returning to Hogwarts to be with Harry under the pretense of being Snape's assistant.
Lupin writes her a few letters, as well, and these are always Darcy's favorites.
They're always full of the same things for the most part—he pleads for her to come back to him, if only just for a day, promises to take care of her, sends her reassuring words of comfort when she needs them.
She takes to reading them over and over again, and occasionally flipping through the photographs of themselves.
Looking down at the picture in her hands now, the first one Darcy had taken at the market, she smiles.
He's handsome, just as she's always thought him—his hair a soft brown color, streaked with gray, always tousled and falling across his forehead; with such a smile on his face, his eyes crinkling at the corners, it's hard to see the exact hazel of his eyes, but Darcy doesn't need to see them to know—of course she knows the exact shade of his eyes, just as she knows everything else without having to see.
She sets the picture on her bedside table, propping it against a framed picture of she and Harry on his first day at Hogwarts.
The next photograph is of both she and Lupin, his face buried in her neck, trying to avoid the camera.
Darcy can still feel his smile against her skin, the rough caress of his beard against flesh.
She props hat picture beside the one of just Lupin and puts the rest of them away.
Settling back down in her bed, she stares up at the ceiling, suddenly deciding to go one step further.
Darcy grabs the picture of her and Lupin and sticks it to the wall beside her other pictures, just above her bed.
Her eyes move to the picture of she and Harry, of she and her friends, and finally—to the torn photograph of herself in Sirius's lap, surrounded by her parents and Lupin's smiling faces.
Sirius is smiling up at her from the sofa, a wide smile across his still handsome face—a face that is much different than the one he wears now.
Guilt washes over her like a tidal wave, ashamed of saying what she'd said to Mr. Weasley.
But it's true—Mr.
Weasley has been good to her for the past two years—far better to her than she deserves.
And he's been good to Harry, and that in itself means a lot to Darcy.
And maybe, one day, she and Sirius will rebuild the relationship they could have had, and he'll be the father she always dreamed of having.
And so the days tick away, and with each morning, Darcy crosses off another day on her calendar.
Aunt Petunia keeps her busy, but doesn't mention anything in regards to the conversation they'd had weeks ago, and Darcy—when not doing chores for her aunt—spends her free time locked in her room with Max or else with Harry.
The two of them are quite good at keeping her smiling, between Max nibbling at her earlobes and nuzzling against her while he recovers from a journey, and Harry telling stories of his time at Hogwarts with Ron and Hermione.
One morning, Harry startles Darcy by bursting into her room before she's even awake.
She sits up straight, grabbing her wand from under her pillow and pointing it at him in the threshold, her heart hammering.
Harry freezes and Darcy lowers her wand, looking him over.
His hair is a mess, having just woken up, and he's sweating slightly—it drips down his ghostly white face, and his lightning bolt scar seems angry and almost inflamed this morning.
Darcy sits up quickly, rubbing her eyes and stuffing her wand back under her pillow.
"What's going on?"
she asks quickly, pulling her knees to her chest so Harry has room to sit down.
"You can't just barge in on me, by the way—I could have killed you."
"I have to tell you something, before I forget," Harry says quickly, ignoring her.
"I had a dream—it was—" A crease appears between his eyebrows and Darcy cocks one of hers.
"A dark room—" Harry closes his eyes and rubs his scar.
"Wormtail was there, and Voldemort .
.
.
and .
.
."
Darcy feels chills down her spine, the hairs on the back of her neck standing up.
"There was another—I don't know who—an old man," he continues, avoiding looking at Darcy's horrified expression.
"They were planning to .
.
."
For the first time, he meets Darcy's eyes, green into green.
"They were planning to kill me."
Even in the dawn darkness of her bedroom, Darcy and Harry register each other's looks of shock.
She gets to her feet and takes a look out the window at the dim street before closing the blinds ands and turning on the lamp on her desk.
"Harry, you should write to Sirius," she whispers, holding her arms around her.
"Or to Professor Dumbledore—if Peter actually managed to find Voldemort—" "Which he has," Harry interrupts, and Darcy gives him a withering stare.
"I haven't forgotten Trelawney's prediction."
Darcy feels her stomach churn.
"You're sure this was real?"
she asks softly.
"You sure it wasn't just a dream?"
"I'm sure."
Harry pauses, narrowing his eyes at his sister.
"You do believe me, don't you?"
"Of course I do."
Darcy knows the feeling of being doubted—after all, how many times had people told her last year that her dreams about Sirius were only that—just dreams?
It had felt better than anything to find out the truth, to know that they weren't only real, but that the love she'd felt afterwards had been real, too.
But Harry's dream is terrifying, to know that Voldemort may soon rise again is terrifying.
Anger bubbles inside of her at the thought of Peter Pettigrew.
He should have died on the floor of the Shrieking Shack.
I should have let Lupin and Sirius kill him.
But she doesn't want to voice this to Harry, not wanting to upset him.
"Look, Sirius might know some things about Voldemort after being in Azkaban for so long.
Did you see his face?
In your dream?"
Harry thinks hard again, his face screwed up in concentration.
"I think he was—small, or .
.
."
"He was small?"
"I woke up before I saw his face, just as he was turning around."
"He wasn't small when I saw him," Darcy says, more to herself.
She faces the window again, peering through the blinds.
Trying not to think of Voldemort plotting to kill her little brother, Darcy repeats herself.
"You should write to Sirius and Dumbledore."
"You're not freaking out," Harry replies flatly.
Darcy turns around again to face him, looking confused.
"Would you prefer I freak out?"
"No, but you not freaking out kind of makes me want to freak out.
You always freak out when I'm in danger.
Darcy, you cried at my first Quidditch match because you were worried I'd die, and I've just told you Voldemort is trying to kill me and you've barely batted an eye."
"That was an emotional day for me," Darcy snaps, and then she looks down at her hands, which are trembling very slightly.
Her mind races, and she wonders for a brief second—why isn't she more scared?
Harry has a point about her being so calm, but Darcy chalks it up to not being completely awake yet.
"Dumbledore knew something like this was going to happen."
"What?"
"Why else would he have wanted me back at Hogwarts?"
Darcy asks, her heart racing again.
"He knew that you would be in danger this year—I don't know how, but .
.
.
right?
Why else would he want me to come back?"
Harry doesn't seem very convinced.
"I don't know," he shrugs, shifting uncomfortably on Darcy's bed.
"I mean .
.
.
we don't even know if this was real .
.
.
maybe we should find out what's really going on before I write Dumbledore about my scar hurting."
"Harry, your scar hasn't hurt for a long time," she sighs impatiently, crossing her arms over her chest.
"Dumbledore would want to know.
And so would Sirius."
"I'll write to Sirius, and if he thinks that I should write to Dumbledore, then I will."
Harry waits for Darcy to reply, but she only nods slowly.
"Do you think Lupin would know anything?
Anything about cursed scars or—or what Wormtail is up to?"
"I don't know," Darcy says quietly.
"I can send a letter with Max if you'd like to ask."
"No, no—don't worry about it," Harry grumbles, his cheeks turning pink.
"I'll just write to Sirius .
.
.
but you know what's funny .
.
."
He gets to his feet and walks to the door of Darcy's bedroom.
With a hand on the doorknob, and a very distant expression on his face, he says, "I don't really remember the dream at all anymore .
.
."
"Harry," Darcy croaks, stopping him before he can open the door.
"You know, whatever it is, we'll handle it."
"I know.
We always have."
But as Harry slips out of her bedroom, Darcy quickly locks the door again, pressing her back against it and sighing heavily.
She rushes to the window and looks out at the street once more—surely they aren't being followed?
Surely Peter doesn't know where they are—or does he?
Darcy tears her eyes away from the window, afraid that she'll see something—someone—that she doesn't want to walking down the street towards their house.
Darcy digs through her desk drawer, finding a piece of old paper that's now slightly yellow instead of the white it had been, and finds a pencil.
It's only then she realizes how strange it is to hold a pencil after writing with a quill for so long when she attempts to dip the tip into an empty inkwell out of habit.
I think Peter found Voldemort.
We think Voldemort plotting to kill Harry.
Please write back right away.
Harry sending letter to Sirius.
Yours, Darcy Darcy opens Max's cage, where the owl has only just returned to, but coaxes him down onto her arm.
Max shifts to make himself more comfortable, ruffles his feather, and then jumps to Darcy's scarred shoulder, holding onto her tightly with his talons.
Darcy strokes his feathers once and then rolls up the letter, rummaging around for something to tie it to Max's leg with.
After checking her floors and in her drawers and under her bed, she find a broken ponytail holder and uses that, which works out quite well.
"To Remus, Max," she whispers, letting Max rub his beak all over her face.
"And quickly."
She opens the blinds and window for Max, and as he pushes off her shoulder and spreads his wings, she hisses after him, "And leave his fingers alone!"
There's a soft hoot that reminds Darcy of a child agreeing grudgingly to a parent, and Max soars out of sigh.
arcy, I appreciate you writing to me.
Unfortunately, I don't have much experienced with cursed scars, but I would suggest Harry write to Dumbledore immediately.
I'm sure he'd like to know.
I'm not sure there's much Padfoot would be able to do for Harry, anyway.
I won't deny that it's worrying, and we can only hope that it was only a dream, but all the same—you and Harry must keep your eyes open.
If anything out of the ordinary happens, let one of us know.
If it's true that Voldemort is gaining power again, the best thing to do is begin to fight back before he becomes powerful like he was before.
I'm sorry I don't have more answers for you.
I hope the World Cup will distract you for the time being—I'm sure you'll have fun.
Write me when you get back to Hogwarts—or before, if you find yourself missing me before then.
Yours, Remus .
.
My memory is slipping—I'm an old man after all.
A picture of you would be sweet.
I worry I may soon forget your face.
"Aunt Petunia, I'm leaving!"
Darcy lets her trunk fall noisily down the last few steps, and the noise attracts Petunia into the foyer from the kitchen.
She gives Darcy a dangerous look, her hands shielded by yellow cleaning gloves, dripping onto the newspaper she's placed all over the floors.
"Where are you going?"
Petunia hisses, glancing from the trunk to Darcy to the caged owl in her right hand with disgust.
"Are you coming back?"
"No, Aunt Petunia, I've told you," Darcy sighs, lifting her trunk and struggling under the weight of Max and her belongings.
"I'm going to Emily's for the World Cup, and then I'm staying at Harry's friend's house until I go back to—er—school."
"And what of the offer I made?"
Petunia asks, her voice lower.
She peels her gloves off and crosses her arms, trying to look menacing, but Petunia's bony face and slight figure does nothing to Darcy.
"I don't want that," Darcy says with full confidence.
"I want to go back to school with Harry."
"You leaving now, Darcy?"
Darcy glances up the stairs at Harry, standing on the second floor landing.
She smiles at him and nods.
"Yeah."
Looking once more back at Petunia, Darcy purses her lips.
"I don't want to work a job that I hate, or marry a boy I don't like.
I have friends at school.
I'm good at what I'll be helping with.
I want to go back.
I belong there."
Petunia purses her lips, glancing sideways at Harry, making his lazy way down the stairs.
She leaves the siblings alone in the foyer, likely not wanting to catch any of their conversation just in case magic is brought up.
Darcy puts Max's cage gently on the ground and releases her grip on her trunk as Harry jumps the last three steps and lands in front of her.
Harry looks over his shoulder to make sure Petunia is indeed gone, and then rocks back and forth on his feet.
"Why'd you tell Lupin about my scar?"
Harry hisses, a flush creeping up the back of his neck.
Darcy blushes, trying to act casual.
"How do you know I wrote to him?"
Harry looks sheepish and turns his gaze upon Max, ruffling his feathers.
"I saw the letter on your desk.
You might try to take better care with leaving things like that out in the open."
She doesn't answer or apologize—for one, she isn't sorry.
Max had returned within a day of delivering Darcy's letter, and while she had been disappointed by Lupin's lack of an answer, it was nice to see his handwriting again and his letter did leave a smile on her face.
"Look, Harry, have you thought about telling Emily?
I told you I'd tell her, and now is your last chance to let me know."
"What's Emily going to do?"
Harry asks with a shrug, rubbing his scar out of habit.
"Darcy, I told you, I don't know if they were really talking about the Cup .
.
.
I mean .
.
.
I can't really remember now .
.
.
it was only a dream, I'm sure."
"Emily could tell an Auror .
.
.
a real Auror," Darcy replies slightly desperate.
"And you know she'd do all she could to protect you—" "She doesn't need to know that I'm having dreams about Voldemort," Harry frowns.
Without anything else to say to her, Harry sighs.
"I'll see you there."
"All right.
I'll see you.
Put away Lupin's letter for me, would you?"
"Yeah, all right."
Darcy leaves the house, dragging her trunk down the street and deciding to Disapparate from the same narrow alleyway that Mr. Weasley had brought her just a few weeks ago.
The first time Darcy had visited Emily's house, it had been like walking into a dream.
They had picked her up in Mr. Duncan's car, and Vernon had turned red-faced at the sight of it, surely because it's so much nicer than the company car he was gifted—shiny in the sunlight, so clean Darcy could see her reflection perfectly in the black paint, luxurious on the outside and inside, where Darcy's thighs had stuck to the leather interior.
Emily had been there, sitting in the passenger seat and fiddling with the radio, her feet up on the dashboard as the wonderful sound of disorganized and messy rock music drifted from the speakers.
Mr. Duncan had sung along with his twelve-year-old daughter and occasionally threw Darcy a reassuring smile in the rearview mirror as they drove back to their home.
When Mr. Duncan had pulled into the driveway all those years ago, Darcy had been struck dumb at the sight of Emily's house.
Considering all Darcy really ever knew was Privet Drive, the sight of such a different style of housing had shocked her.
The Duncan house was easily three times the size of Petunia and Vernon's cramped home and unlike anything Darcy had ever seen before.
Even now, as Darcy rounds the corner of the street and the house comes into view, she's still rather impressed by it.
The lawn looks to be freshly mown, greener than Darcy has ever seen a lawn at Privet Drive, and vibrant colored flowers line the path to the front door—shades of purples and pinks and blues and yellows.
A large willow tree in the front yard casts the cobblestone walkway into shadow, protecting Darcy and the grass from the afternoon sun.
By the trunk of the tree, a few birds peck at the cool water in a stone birdbath, tweeting happily and flying away as Darcy approaches.
Before Darcy can knock on the door, someone calls her name, and when she turns around wildly, she sees Mr. Duncan jogging towards her from behind the house.
Darcy's always thought Mr. Duncan a good looking man, his yellow-blonde hair parted off to the side, big blue eyes, and a smile that reveals his straight, white teeth—very similar in looks to Emily.
Emily had once told her that Mr. Duncan was a star athlete when he was younger, a talented scrum half for his school's rugby team and was on the rowing team, as well.
It's clear to her that this is the truth, especially with his thick neck, shoulders, and arms.
When he approaches Darcy, he picks up her trunk with ease and allows Darcy to take care of Max's cage.
"We can go in the back door," he says, beckoning her to follow, leading her around the side of the house where he's just come from.
"Emily said you'd gotten an owl.
What's its name?"
"Max," Darcy answers and Max hoots softly at his name before tucking his beak in his feathers and falling asleep.
"You can keep him in the shed with Demeter.
She'll be thrilled with company," Mr. Duncan continues.
He chuckles, and Darcy smiles.
"You know .
.
.
magic, I've gotten used to.
There's still some surprises here and there, but I'm not as shocked when I see it.
I envy my wife sometimes, especially when it's my turn to cook dinner.
But owls .
.
.
I'll never get used to owls."
He looks sideways at Darcy as he opens the door to the shed, where an eagle owl is perched up in the corner.
Empty canvases and painting tools litter the inside—all Emily's.
"Dursleys been all right to you this summer?"
"Better than usual," she confesses, and Mr. Duncan gives her an almost too-understanding-look.
"How has work been?
I miss going to open houses with you" "Just last week I closed a sale on a beautiful house I know you would have loved.
The most beautiful french doors you've ever seen leading into the sitting room, and a pool in the backyard," Mr. Duncan says, grinning at the sight of Darcy's excited expression.
"If you're in the market for a home, now is a perfect time.
I've been telling Emily.
Prices are lower this time of year—and dropping steadily."
"When I'm ready, I'll give you a call.
You know just what I like."
"I appreciate it."
Darcy opens Max's cage and he nips at her fingers before flying up to join the family owl, Demeter.
She leaves his cage in a corner and then turns to follow Mr. Duncan through the backyard towards a screen door that leads into the kitchen.
"Is Mrs. Duncan here?"
she asks, peeking into the sitting room as she crosses the threshold.
"Beth's at work," he smiles.
"I'm sure you've heard the news about the tournament they're restarting at your school?
Beth's very well connected, you know, and she's been working very hard.
She's going to be the reporter for it, so she's been given lots of information, but she can't write anything yet.
It's a big secret, I'm told.
Truthfully, I don't understand much of it, but she's happy when I nod along to what she's saying.
I think she forgets sometimes that I'm not a wizard."
"Are you coming with us to the World Cup?"
"No," he laughs.
"I'm sure it'll be fun, but no.
Emily's in her room, Darcy.
You know the way."
Emily's room is the same as Darcy remembers it when she'd first visited.
Stationary and moving posters cover the walls—Muggle and magical musicians and movie stars, artwork that Darcy really doesn't find all that appealing and doesn't quite understand.
In one corner, more blank canvases rest against the wall, surrounded by finished paintings and drawings and paint in every color Darcy can think of.
In another corner, a large, white vanity with lights around the mirrors, the table covered with makeup and nail polish, brushes and smaller mirrors.
The room is very clean, in contrast to Darcy, who's bedroom is always fairly cluttered and less than half the size.
Emily's clothes and robes hang neatly in her large closet, and old newspapers are stacked neatly on her desk, beside a blank piece of paper and a pen.
Emily's sitting in bed on the other side of the room, her hair thrown up on the top of her head, thick-framed reading glasses perched on the bridge of her nose, watching television.
This is new to Darcy, as Emily's never had one in her room before.
"Hey!
I heard someone downstairs and thought it was mum."
Emily smiles.
"Come watch with me.
I'm so glad you're here."
They lay in bed for a long time, eating popcorn from a large bowl, shoulder to shoulder as the sun continues to lower in the sky.
Emily flips through the channels lazily, not with the remote, but with her wand.
They share small talk—Emily apologizes again for what happened at the Ministry and Darcy tells her what she and Mr. Weasley had discussed afterwards.
Emily laughs when Darcy tells her of Mr. Weasley chastising her for her relationship with Lupin, and instead of feeling angry about Emily's reaction, she feels hurt.
Feeling extremely resentful, Darcy thinks of Gemma—Gemma wouldn't laugh at her, Gemma would reassure her, would smile and tell her that Lupin is wonderful, that no one but they know the truth.
Even so, anger does begin to surge through her anyway after Darcy fails to control it.
"Don't laugh at me," she hisses at Emily.
"You don't know what it's like.
He's good to me."
"I'm laughing because Mr. Weasley yelled at you because of a boy," Emily says, chuckling still to herself.
"You're not his daughter.
He's not your father."
"But I love him like one," Darcy whispers.
"Is that strange?
Do you think Sirius would be hurt by that?"
Emily shrugs slightly.
"Do you write to Sirius?"
"Yes."
Darcy smiles at the thought of receiving another letter from her godfather.
Her smile quickly fades, however.
"I wish I could see him—talk to him.
Just hear his voice.
I wish I could hug him."
But Emily, not the hopeless romantic that Darcy has always been, only gives her a sideways glance, and Mr. Duncan, too tired to make dinner, brings them some food he's ordered.
Lying in bed watching television and eating cheap food from takeout boxes, Darcy suddenly feels at such peace with the world that she only half-forgets about wanting to tell Emily about Harry's scar.
Struggling with chopsticks, Darcy glances at the television.
"Too much dancing."
Emily replies with a mouthful of food.
"It's a musical."
She lowers her wand, letting the musical play out.
"We've seen this one.
With mum, remember?"
"It was better at the theater, but—" Darcy puts her chopsticks down and picks up a fork that had been resting on her thigh.
"—the songs are pretty good, I guess."
"How's Harry?
Did he get my present?"
"Yeah—clothes are always a good gift for him.
Saves me from fixing his old one."
Darcy puts her food down, looking over at Emily, who's fixated on the television.
"I rarely ever get to do this anymore," Emily sighs contently, expertly shoving rice into her mouth using chopsticks.
"The Ministry's been working my ass off, and I've been helping mum down at the office."
"What are the Aurors up to, anyway?"
Darcy wonders, trying to sound casual.
"Are they still trying to find Sirius?"
The idea has been plaguing her ever since seeing the wanted posters of him racked up at Auror's cubicles, and it angers her to know that Peter Pettigrew is still out there, breathing air, living, possibly at his master's side .
.
.
"A few are, I think," Emily shrugs.
"Most of what they do is hushed up and kept secret—that, or they just don't want a brand new recruit listening in."
Emily hesitates, raising a single eyebrow at Darcy.
"They've told you what's happening at Hogwarts this year, haven't they?"
"Yeah," Darcy replies warily.
"Mr. Weasley took me to meet Ludo Bagman and they told me about it.
You don't think it's dangerous, do you?"
"Ludo and I aren't really best friends, so he hasn't told me much about it," Emily admits.
"But they're supposed to be taking security and safety really seriously.
They aren't permitting anyone under seventeen, and you know Dumbledore wouldn't allow it if it wasn't safe."
Darcy gives Emily an incredulous look, sitting up straight and tucking her legs under her.
"Please tell me you're joking."
"What?"
Darcy counts on her fingers.
"Last year, Dumbledore allowed dementors to be stationed at Hogwarts, despite knowing how they affected Harry .
.
.
and me," she starts, and Emily listens with raised eyebrows.
"There are acromantulas in the Forbidden Forest—spiders that almost ate Harry, Ron, and I, by the way—there was a basilisk Petrifying people, there was a three-headed-dog in the school, one of our teachers had Voldemort on the back of his head—" "You're getting hysterical," Emily snaps.
"Would you calm down and let me get a damn word in?"
"Go on, then," Darcy growls, laying back on the pillow and watching the television again.
"There were dementors there to protect us from an—assumed—mass murderer," Emily reels off.
"Dumbledore told us every year that the Forbidden Forest was off limits, so that's on you—Dumbledore also got carted away after so many kids got Petrified, so what could he have done about the Chamber of Secrets?
He couldn't have done anything.
And all right—the Quirrel thing was weird, but he fooled all of us.
We were used to odd teachers, weren't we?"
Darcy looks Emily in the eyes, thinking hard for a minute.
But she stops herself quickly, knowing that she'll think her way out of telling Emily.
"I think Voldemort is planning something for the World Cup."
Emily looks bewildered.
"What are you talking about?"
she snorts.
"How could he possibly?
No one really knows what happened to him.
And besides, the Aurors would know."
"But you just said it yourself—they probably just don't want you to know about it!"
Darcy retorts, her heart beginning to race.
"Listen, Harry had a dream last night, and his scar was hurting afterwards .
.
."
She lowers her voice.
"He dreamt Peter Pettigrew found Voldemort—they were talking about killing Harry, and Harry thinks he remembers them mentioning Quidditch and he couldn't really remember much .
.
.
but things kept coming to him for a little while afterwards .
.
."
"Like Harry was misremembering it?"
"No—it was just .
.
.
I don't know .
.
.
disjointed.
Like every new memory filled in another gap."
"How do you know it wasn't just a dream?"
Emily asks with a slight crease between her eyebrows.
"As horrible as it was, it was probably just a dream."
"You said that about my dreams last year," Darcy reminds her, in a lower voice still.
"And they turned out to be real memories, remember?
And I told you—his scar hurt after it.
That's has to mean something, right?"
Emily looks at her for a long time, considering her.
Darcy hopes that Emily will believe her—why wouldn't she?
Harry had questioned Darcy relentlessly for twenty minutes at one point before she'd left for Emily's, and Darcy had kept up her hollow reassurances that everything would be okay.
Harry didn't wish Darcy to tell Emily, but if anything, she'd be able to help, wouldn't she?
She would be able to go straight to the Aurors with this tip, she could stop something from happening—and Emily could do that without mentioning Harry, couldn't she?
But Darcy has to admit, it would seem very suspicious for Emily to approach an Auror and give him this information without giving away a source.
"You really believe Harry?
You truly believe Voldemort is planning something for the World Cup?"
Emily whispers, narrowing her eyes.
"Yes," Darcy answers breathlessly.
"Then we have to tell someone," Emily says firmly, and Darcy nods.
"There may be a few Auror's who would hear me out—Kingsley night listen, but he would definitely want to know exactly how I knew that.
Oh—Darcy!
We should tell Tonks!"
Darcy pauses, pursing her lips in a very Aunt Petunia sort of way.
She remembers how it had felt to see Emily and Tonks giggling, heads together, working towards a career that Darcy always had tucked away in the back of her mind.
"Maybe .
.
.
maybe we could just keep it to ourselves."
Darcy chews on her lip.
"Maybe it was just a dream."
"If you think something is going to happen, we can't just let it," Emily insists.
"If we tell Tonks, she can tell Mad-Eye Moody and he'll listen!
I'm sure he won't ask too many questions of her—he'll take any lead he can get.
I'm sure she's at the Ministry—she's been working long hours .
.
.
we could send Demeter."
Emily glances at her alarm clock on her bedside table.
Darcy knows this is the right thing to do, but she doesn't want to do it.
"Maybe we could tell Mr. Weasley," Darcy suggests weakly.
"He'd believe us.
You know he would."
"No offense, but Mr. Weasley doesn't really have a whole lot of pull within the Auror office."
Emily sighs, looking apologetic.
"There's been no word of anything relating to Voldemort.
Are you absolutely sure about this?"
But Emily's doubts have already burrowed under Darcy's skin, and now she isn't sure.
On one hand, if she were to tell someone about Harry's dream, it could prevent very bad things happening at the World Cup—or could it?
The Quidditch World Cup is only a day away, and Darcy isn't sure how long it will take to bulk up security—and Darcy doesn't even know what security will be like.
She's never been to a large Wizarding gathering like this before.
Surely the Ministry of Magic will be able to handle something?
Yet on the other hand, if she does tell someone about Harry's dream and it turns out that a dream is all it is .
.
.
Harry would be furious that Darcy had revealed such private information, would be furious that Darcy chose to go to the Ministry of Magic—to the Aurors.
Darcy had already told Lupin after Harry asked her not to, but this is serious, isn't it?
At what point is Darcy obligated to run to someone else?
"Does Lupin know?
Has anyone told Sirius?
Dumbledore?"
Darcy snaps out of it and drags a hand through her hair.
"Harry wrote to Sirius and I wrote to Lupin, but—Harry didn't want to bother Dumbledore."
She sighs.
"But I wrote to Lupin before Harry mentioned that thing about Quidditch, and he doesn't know much about Harry's scar.
There wasn't anything he could do, or much for him to say."
Emily is quiet for a long time and they both watch the finishing number of the musical on the television.
The bright light starts to hurt Darcy's eyes in the growing darkness and she looks at Emily again, watching the actors and actresses dance in the reflection on Emily's glasses.
Finally, Emily says, "I'm sure it will be fine."
But Darcy has a feeling Emily doesn't truly believe that.
However, she persists.
"Look, the Quidditch World Cup is going to be under tight security already, and the Aurors will be there, as well.
If Voldemort was planning something, I'm sure he would know the World Cup is a bad target.
Everyone would know he's back."
Darcy doesn't reply, but Emily does have a point.
It would seem stupid for Voldemort to openly attack at the Quidditch World Cup, where not only British wizards and witches will be, but wizards from Bulgaria and who knows where else.
Voldemort isn't stupid, and he'd know better than to show himself to all of those people—to risk showing his face to the Aurors—if he even has a face.
Harry had admitted he hadn't really seen Voldemort, only that he was small, but Darcy isn't sure what that's supposed to mean.
Why would he be small?
Does that mean he's not as strong?
Thinking about Voldemort makes Darcy's head throb painfully.
She wonders how Harry is—the Weasleys were supposed to pick him up today to take him back to the Burrow.
He wonders if he's told Ron about his scar and dream, or if he's told Mr. Weasley.
She wonders if his scar still aches, and Darcy absentmindedly rubs her forehead, trying to ease the pain of her headache.
She puts all of her trash on the nightstand beside her, the leftover food she wasn't able to finish, her wand, her chopsticks and fork.
Darcy settles back on her pillow and Emily imitates her, taking her glasses off and turning the television to low volume, barely audible.
Darcy doesn't mind the flickering lights of whatever program is coming on next, and closes her eyes, one of her legs covered by Emily's, and their arms touching.
Until very recently, sleeping beside Emily had been more comforting than anyone could have imagined.
But now, Darcy tries to hide her disappointment, wishing that it was Lupin beside her—her Remus Lupin, with an arm around her, holding onto her as if she is the only real thing in the world, clutching at her hand as if letting go means losing her.
To have him beside her would be a blessing—a warm chest to nuzzle into, an exposed neck begging to be kissed, a tired smile playing on his lips when Darcy moves closer to him.
Upon waking the following morning, Darcy's groggy and still tired, having not slept well throughout the night.
With Mrs. Duncan poking her head into Emily's room announcing the time (far too early for Darcy), Darcy is overcome with feelings of dread, probably intensified by the fact that she'd awoken beside Emily instead of Lupin.
Emily talks her ear off, excited to watch a professional game of Quidditch, but Darcy barely hears her.
Plagued by images of last night's dreams—of flashes of green light, of Voldemort and Peter Pettigrew, of Harry lying motionless on the floor like their mother had been—Darcy showers and dresses in silence, her fingers flexing, itching for a hand to hold as she prepares to leave for the World Cup, unsure as to whether or not she and Harry will leave there aliv.
he campsite reserved for the Duncans is a perfect spot, in Darcy's opinion.
A few rustling trees surround the area, giving them enough shade to keep them cool and comfortable in the rippling grass just outside the tent, and they're close enough to the water pump to not have to worry about making a journey to and from every time they're in need.
When Mrs. Duncan and her friend from work, Faye, set up the tent with a few lazy motions with their wands and much laughter, Emily scouts the area for people they know and Darcy lounges in a camp chair, dark sunglasses on her face, long legs stretched out in front of her.
It's relaxing—the buzz of conversation all around, the smell of breakfasts cooking over fires, small demonstrations of magic (despite the rules stating clearly that magic should be kept to an absolute minimum).
"Come check out this tent, Darcy," Emily urges with raised eyebrows, disappearing through the flaps.
Darcy reluctantly gets to her feet and follows Emily inside, stopping with one foot over the tent's threshold.
Lowering her sunglasses, her eyebrows raised nearly to her hairline, Darcy looks around, dumbfounded.
The tent is much, much bigger on the inside and is much, much nicer.
Mrs. Duncan is in the kitchen—a full kitchen complete with a table to eat around and several dining chairs, one of which is taken by Faye, an older woman with gray hair and a young face.
To Darcy's left is another flap tied open for the moment, leading to a modest bathroom, and to her right, half concealed by more flaps of canvas, are three bunkbeds.
Behind the bunkbeds is yet another flap of canvas that leads to another small area where there's a much larger bed.
In the middle of the tent are several armchairs and an aged loveseat, a long and low wooden table, and a large and beautiful carpet underneath the furniture.
"You could pitch it in the Dursleys' backyard," Emily jokes, but Darcy seriously considers it for a moment.
"Or anywhere, really."
"What do you think?"
Mrs. Duncan asks, a playful smile upon her face as she looks over her shoulder at Darcy.
"My husband looked much like you, Darcy, when he first saw the inside.
It was adorable when he set it up without any magic."
"I think it's wonderful," Darcy says truthfully.
She turns to Emily.
"Why haven't we gone camping more often?
With a tent like this, I would have been a little more willing."
Emily laughs.
"Camping is vile.
All the dirt, you know?"
Glancing at her watch, Darcy looks back up at Emily.
"Let's go see if we can find Harry."
"Sure," Emily says, grabbing her own sunglasses off a nearby table and making for the tent entrance.
Darcy leads her back out into the bright sunlight.
"Gemma and Carla should be here somewhere.
They came together, and I think they took a Portkey.
Should've arrived by now."
At the entrance, she turns back towards the kitchen.
"We'll be back, mum!"
Mrs. Duncan waves a flippant hand at them, speaking to Faye without really hearing them.
They wander the area for a while, running into old friends and having quick conversations before moving on again.
They meet Robert, Gemma's ex-boyfriend, skulking around his extravagant tent a little ways away from Mrs. Duncan's ("Do you know if she's seeing anyone?
Tell her I've asked about her, all right?
"), their old roommates from Hogwarts (they end up all taking a shot of firewhisky in the comfort of Julia's tent), two Gryffindor boys in Harry's year—Dean Thomas and Seamus Finngean—who eagerly wave hello to Darcy, and even Oliver Wood, who seems positively thrilled to be at the World Cup.
"Well, it's official," he tells them excitedly.
"Just got signed to Puddlemere United reserve team a few weeks ago."
This means nothing to Darcy, who smiles enthusiastically all the same, but Emily seems to know exactly what he's talking about and looks mildly impressed.
They don't stay long to chat, but Darcy gives Oliver a half-hearted promise that they'll stop by to chat after the game ends.
When Darcy and Emily walk away, well out of earshot, they both giggle and weave a little faster through the large amount of people laughing with friends and family.
"Hey!
Darcy!
Emily!"
Darcy looks over quickly, her red hair flicking Emily across the face as she turns her head.
Sure enough, Gemma and Carla, typically inseparable, are running towards them, smiling as Gemma pulls Carla along by the hand.
Carla looks a different person without the stress of school weighing her down—traveling definitely suits her.
Her dark cheeks appear flushed in the best way possible, giving life to her face and smile and eyes, her curls bounce dramatically with each step she takes, and she seems much fitter and much more toned than the last time Darcy had seen her just a few weeks ago.
Gemma, while still beautiful and clever-looking, does look a bit more tired than usual, and a bit older.
Her dark hair is pulled back into a short ponytail, and she still walks with an elegance that has always inspired Darcy.
But up close, Darcy notes the shadows under Gemma's eyes that she usually associates with Lupin, a tiredness that Darcy's never seen Gemma wear before.
"Robert was asking about you," Emily tells Gemma, as they all exchange hugs.
"Ran into him just a little bit ago."
"What did he ask?"
Gemma inquired, cocking a thin eyebrow.
Before Emily can answer, Gemma quickly rearranges her features.
"Never mind, I don't really think I want to know."
"He wanted to know if you were seeing anyone," Emily says, looking around with her hand above her eyes to shield them from the sun.
"Darcy told him you were seeing some tall, strapping gentleman."
Gemma snickers.
"Rumor has it you've been quite successful with a certain boy this summer, Darcy," Carla adds, grinning from ear and ear and giving herself away by looking at Gemma.
"Did you really visit Professor Lupin?
At his own house?
How was it?
What was it like?
What did you do?"
"Yeah," Gemma teases, drawing out the word and looking at Darcy with a greedy expression, hungry for details.
"You never told me much about it.
Suppose your privacy speaks volumes.
Did you fuck like rabbits?
That's what I got out of it."
Emily chokes, her cheeks turning pinker than Darcy's.
"Gemma!"
"Look, I'm not getting any," Gemma replies calmly, placing a hand on Darcy's shoulder and looking at Emily, "so I have to live vicariously through Darcy until I am getting some.
Darcy's pretty and Lupin's good-looking enough .
.
.
it's not so bad to hear about."
Gemma lowers her voice, looking Darcy in the face with a small smile as Emily scoffs and starts talking to Carla, likely to distract herself.
"Did you though?
Fuck like rabbits?"
Darcy still blushes, smiling slyly, but doesn't answer.
"You naughty, naughty girl.
You'll tell me later, won't you?
After we get rid of Emily?"
Gemma laughs, and Darcy can't suppress her smile.
"Speaking of Lupin—when's the next time you'll see him?
I'm sorry I didn't answer your last letter, but I do have a lot to go over and I'd much rather do it in person.
Did he seem hesitant?
Reluctant at all?"
"Yes, but I told him I trust you," Darcy answers, and Gemma places a hand to her heart.
"And he was all right with that.
As long as I trust you, he trusts you.
You've done nothing to hurt him, so he's no reason to be suspicious."
"That's sweet of you," Gemma chuckles.
"I assumed he'd be a little nervous, and that's why I want to meet with you first, to go over everything.
It's only natural, his reservation, but I think he'll feel better about it once—" "Are you two done scheming over there?"
Carla asks suddenly, and both Darcy and Gemma jump.
Both Carla and Emily look slightly impatient, their arms crossed over their chests, waiting for their friends to rejoin the conversation.
"There's so much I want to tell you about Borneo—you wouldn't believe half of what we did there.
Elena knew where the bigger Wizarding communities are, seeing as she's bounced around them for a little while now.
You know the Wizarding population in Asia is more than triple the size of Britain's?"
"Oh—that reminds me," Emily interrupts, earning herself an annoyed look from Carla, whose mouth is still half-open, prepared to continue.
"Do you know a girl named Nymphadora Tonks?
We work together at the Ministry, and she said she was friends with your sister."
"Tonks?"
Carla repeats, her annoyance suddenly vanished from her face.
Instead, her face lights up, and Darcy feels a churning in her stomach, inching closer to Gemma.
"Yeah—Nymphadora Tonks!
She used to come round our house sometimes during the summers.
She was great fun.
She and Elena were always making mum and dad laugh.
Oh, she always did those funny faces—does she still do the different noses?
How is she?
I'll have to write Elena and tell her that you work with her!
She'll be delighted!"
"She's doing really well," Emily says.
"Almost done with her Auror training.
Another year, I think, and they're pushing her from the nest."
"Does she still have pink hair?"
"Yeah," Emily laughs.
"Most days.
Mad-Eye says it's too conspicuous, but he's got a soft spot for her, I think."
"I was always partial to her purple hair," Carla replies quietly, and Darcy narrows her eyes as she thinks she sees a faint blush creep up onto her face, coloring her cheeks.
"Not that she looks ugly with her pink hair, I just—I wish my hair was purple—" "Is this Darcy Potter?"
Darcy recognizes Ludo's voice without having to look at him.
She wishes in that moment, despite hating herself for it, that she was Nymphadora Tonks instead, able to change her appearance at will.
What a relief it would be to look incredibly plain—what a relief it would be for eyes to wash right over her, not even giving her a second look.
But she can feel Ludo's eyes on the back of her head now and her friends fall silent as Darcy turns on her heels and gives Ludo Bagman a charming smile, feeling foolish and embarrassed with her friends watching on.
Darcy falters at the sight of him wearing his old Quidditch robes, which seem to hang off his shoulders as if he was once much bigger and stockier.
It's a wonderful sight to see him so enthused, however, something that can't be said for many Ministry workers patrolling the area.
"I've just met your brother," Ludo smiles, and Darcy opens her mouth to speak, but he continues without letting her get a word in.
"We didn't necessarily speak much—not like you and I, Darcy!
I've been dying to ask you—what do you think of it all?"
He opens his arms wide and gestures towards all the tents and people.
Darcy smiles at him wider, glad he's asked her a question to which she can reply honestly.
"It's amazing," she gushes, looking around them at all of the campsites.
"I've never been to something like this."
"Well, the best part is yet to come!
Would you like to possibly place a wager on the game, Darcy?
You strike me as a Bulgarian supporter—fan of Viktor Krum's, are you?
I don't know .
.
.
you could be Irish .
.
.
green would suit you .
.
.
but the Irish don't have Krum!"
She blinks, gives him a blank look, and Gemma leans in, whispering in Darcy's ear, "Bulgarian Seeker.
Young, very handsome, very good."
"Oh—well, I don't really know who I'll be supporting," Darcy admits sheepishly, glancing at Gemma, who seems to be fingering her money bag, tucked away in her sweater pocket.
She looks desperately at Gemma for a hint.
Gemma smiles at her, and Ludo's eyes land on Gemma for a brief moment, looking her up and down.
"Friends of yours, Darcy?
Please—introduce us!
I would hate to be rude to friends of Darcy Potter's!"
Glad to get off the subject of the match, Darcy starts with Gemma, who's nearest.
"Everyone, this is Ludo Bagman.
He's the Head of Magical Games and Sports at the Ministry.
Mr. Weasley introduced us," she says, and Ludo nods eagerly in agreement with her.
"Mr. Bagman, this is Gemma—she's been working at St Mungo's since June—and Emily—she was at the Ministry with me the other day when we met, training to be an Auror—and this is Carla.
She's going back to Hogwarts for her seventh year this September."
Ludo gives Darcy a very knowing and excited look, and Darcy knows he's thinking of the Triwizard Tournament.
"Glad to meet you all," he tells them.
"Now Darcy, I must be off, but come and find me after the match and we can talk more, yes?"
"Mr. Bagman," Darcy starts before Ludo can walk away.
He turns around, looking very pleased with himself.
"Could you point us in the direction of Harry and the Weasleys?"
Winking at her, Ludo shows her the general direction of her brother and his friends, and Darcy leads her own friends towards the area after receiving a chaste kiss to her knuckles from Ludo himself.
Carla walks at Darcy's side while Emily and Gemma walk behind them.
"Since when are you on knuckle-kissing terms with Ludo Bagman?"
Carla asks, perplexed.
"Not that I'm jealous .
.
."
"Should we curtsey when you pass us?"
Gemma asks, bowing low.
Darcy turns and rolls her eyes.
"Your Majesty?"
"Shut up.
It's a long story," Darcy sighs, laughing nervously and slapping Gemma's shoulder as she pretends to grovel at their feet.
Gemma cackles and slows her pace, resuming her conversation with Emily.
"Mr. Weasley brought me to the Ministry a little while ago and I met him there .
.
.
he's all right, I think, just a little .
.
.
look, I'll tell you everything once we're alone again, yeah?"
"Plenty of time to update me come September," Carla says with a grin.
"You really stayed with Lupin this summer?
That's the truth?"
"Yeah, for a week," Darcy answers bashfully.
She sneaks a glance at Emily and Gemma, still deep in what seems a serious conversation.
"He didn't even kiss me until I'd been there a few days.
It was .
.
."
Darcy sighs happily at the memory of Lupin kissing her deeply in the pouring rain, kissing up and down her body, the scratch of beard against her thighs— "Hey, Darcy!"
Darcy clears her throat, looking sideways at Carla as a lanky red-headed boy runs up to her, followed by Harry and Hermione.
"Hi, Ron," Darcy says, wrapping an arm around his shoulders with one arm, and draping the other around Harry's.
"You guys get here okay?"
"Took a Portkey," Ron explains.
"How was it?"
Darcy asks both of them.
"I've never used one."
"Extremely suffocating, confusing, and it made me really dizzy," Harry answers for Ron, and the three of them laugh.
"Thought you'd seen the last of me, did you, Hermione?"
Gemma teases, giving Hermione a toothy grin.
Hermione gives a small shrug, looking slightly abashed.
"Did Darcy tell you what I'm going to be researching this year?"
Hermione narrows her eyes, and Gemma grins wickedly.
Fred and George, seemingly having appeared out of nowhere, are talking quietly with Emily and Carla, their heads bowed together.
The corner of Emily's lips quirk upwards, and Carla listens with her eyebrows furrowed.
Harry opens his mouth to speak to Darcy, but Hermione swats her arm hard, distracting Darcy completely.
"You volunteered Professor Lupin to be an experiment?"
Hermione snaps and Gemma howls with laughter, winking at Darcy over Hermione's bushy hair.
"I would have thought you, of all people, would know how werewolves are seen and treated already and to—" "I didn't volunteer him!"
Darcy retorts, giving Gemma a withering stare that has no effect on her.
"Gemma offered and he accepted—Gemma, what are you saying to Hermione?
You're going to get me in trouble."
"He's not an animal to be tested on!"
Hermione hisses.
"He's a human being that deserves better than to be treated as a guinea pig for your friend!"
Darcy can't help but to smile at Hermione.
"You don't have to tell me that, Hermione," she says kindly.
"I think I know very well that he's not an animal."
Darcy and Gemma meet eyes for a split second, and Gemma seems to be bursting to say something, her eyebrows raised, teeth bared in a wicked smile, but Darcy shakes her head.
"I know what you're going to say, and don't say it."
Gemma keeps quiet, but continues to beam at Darcy knowingly.
Harry, Hermione, and Ron all exchange looks and scrunch their noses.
Ron shakes his head.
"Ew."
"Shut up, Ron."
Darcy flushes a deep red.
"Is your dad around?"
"In the tent," Ron says, throwing his thumb over his shoulder at it.
"Hurry up.
We want to get some souvenirs before they sell out."
Darcy enters the Weasley's larger tent, grinning around at the inside.
This tent is just like Mrs. Duncan's—bigger on the inside, with a small kitchen, bathroom, and plenty of sleeping space for the boys.
Their rucksacks have been thrown unceremoniously onto the bunk beds, and there are a few empty or half-empty cups littering the small tables around the tent.
Mr. Weasley is talking with two other red-headed boys in the kitchen area—two red-headed boys that she doesn't recognize at first.
At the sight of Darcy approached, they break off their conversation, and Mr. Weasley pulls her into a tight hug.
"Darcy, these are my eldest sons," Mr. Weasley says, releasing Darcy and placing either of his hands on his sons' shoulders.
"This is Bill—my oldest.
You might remember him a little bit .
.
."
Bill reaches out for Darcy's hand and they shake.
His grip is firm, and Darcy looks him over, admiring his individuality, especially among a large family of boys.
Bill's hair is just as red as the rest of his siblings, but longer (Darcy wonders how he gets away with that around Mrs. Weasley), and it's tied back in a ponytail at the base of his neck.
Dangling from one of his ears is an earring that looks suspiciously like a fang.
Darcy briefly remembers seeing him around Hogwarts, but as he'd been much older, they hadn't been friends.
However, Darcy doesn't recall him having long hair or a fang earring while a student at Hogwarts.
"Nice to meet you—officially, I suppose," Bill says politely.
"Dad said you'd be here."
Mr. Weasley continues when Bill and Darcy let go of each other's hands.
"And Darcy, this is Charlie.
You probably saw each other around school more often."
Darcy and Charlie smile at each other and shake hands without saying much.
She does remember seeing him around Hogwarts when she was younger, but as she hadn't been introduced to the Weasleys, they hadn't really had a relationship between them.
His hands are calloused and burned—his arms scarred and freckled.
While she's never actually talked to Charlie, nor have they really corresponded directly, Darcy remembers back to her fifth year, when Charlie had helped them make arrangements to get Hagrid's baby dragon away from Hogwarts.
"Pleasure to formally meet you at last, Darcy," Charlie says after a moment's silence.
"You look much more grown up than the last time I saw you."
"Make the trip all right?"
Mr. Weasley asks, turning his back to her and tapping a kettle with his wand until it begins to screech.
"You didn't take a Portkey, did you?"
"No," Darcy answers.
"We Apparated with Emily's mum and her friend.
Mr. Weasley—could I talk to you?
In private?"
"Sure," Mr. Weasley says, frowning.
"Is everything all right?"
Darcy nods and Bill and Charlie take their leave quickly, leaving she and Mr. Weasley quite alone in the tent.
She hesitates for a moment, looking towards the entrance.
Everything has been going so well—surely something would have happened already?
But what if it's yet to come?
"Mr. Weasley, if I tell you this, I need you to promise that—" "Darcy, are you ready?"
She sighs and closes her eyes for a moment before turning around.
Harry's head is sticking through the tent's entrance flaps, and judging by the look on his face, Harry knows exactly what Darcy's up to.
"Yes, I'm coming."
As Darcy turns away, Mr. Weasley stops her, looking utterly confused.
"Wait—!
What did you want to tell me?"
Darcy looks from Harry to Mr. Weasley, clearing her throat as Harry narrows his eyes at her, his body following his head into the tent.
"I just wanted to tell you that—" She sighs heavily again.
"I saw Ludo Bagman."
"Did he weasel money out of you, as well?"
Mr. Weasley asks exasperatedly, punching the bridge of his nose.
"He already convinced Fred and George to hand over their entire savings to bet on the match."
"No, I—I didn't bet anything."
"Good girl.
Keep your money close."
As soon as Darcy reaches Harry's side and they exit the tent together, he hisses, "What were you going to tell Mr. Weasley for?"
"Because someone needs to know!"
Darcy hisses right back.
"If something happens tonight and people are hurt—" "Nothing is going to happen," Harry asserts, with a confidence that surprises Darcy.
"We don't even know if Voldemort is planning something—you just heard me say the word 'Quidditch' and your brain started turning.
I can almost hear it now."
"Harry, maybe it's nothing, but don't you think—" "I think you're overthinking—not like it's the first time—" "What is that supposed to mean?"
"It means that you—" "Years I've been hearing you two bicker, and you know what?"
Gemma's voice shuts both Harry and Darcy up immediately.
Their friends are all standing together, watching them carefully, almost amused.
"It makes me extremely glad that mum and dad didn't pop out another little shit like me.
""What is this game?
How am I supposed to get drunk if I don't understand the game?"
"Not understanding the game will likely get you drunker."
"You don't have to play!"
Gemma turns to Darcy, a blank expression on her face, almost exasperated.
"You know if I don't play, I'll never hear the end of it," she whispers, giving Carla a sweet, amused smile.
Gemma raises her voice, settling into a nearby chair.
Darcy mimics her, moving her chair closer to Gemma.
"Darcy and I will watch the first few rounds."
Emily shrugs as Carla empties a small bag full of Gobstones on the ground.
She sets them up on a blanket, sitting cross-legged across from Emily, clutching a cup in her hand full of amber liquor.
Emily drinks from a bottle of wine.
"And here I'd thought we'd be sober for this," she cackles, raising her eyebrows in approval at Gemma.
Gemma smiles.
"You thought I'd show up empty-handed?"
she teases, shaking her head in disbelief.
"It's like you don't even know me at all."
"Come on," Ron hisses in Darcy's ear, his eyes fixed on Darcy's cup full of firewhisky.
"Let me just have one sip—dad's not here!"
"Don't do it," George laughs, pushing Ron away from Darcy with a sharp elbow.
"Unless you're sharing with everyone," Fred adds quickly, giving Darcy a sly smile.
"Your father has already given me the disappointed-father speech once this summer," Darcy tells Ron, pushing him lightly away from her.
She adjusts the scarlet hat on her head and chuckles.
"I'm not keen on receiving another one for giving his underage son firewhisky.
Now, go sit with Harry and Hermione—I have important gossip to discuss with Gemma."
"Merlin, I've been waiting weeks for this."
Gemma takes a deep swig of the firewhisky and puts her cup down in the grass beside her, pulling a pack of cigarettes from the front of her shirt and offering one to Darcy.
Darcy takes it without question, grateful.
"You poor thing have probably been dying of stress without a cigarette, I'm sure."
"If Aunt Petunia ever found out I smoke, I truly think she'd kill me."
Darcy lights her cigarette with a quick flick of her wand.
Hermione scrunches her nose, looking over at them.
"Must you do that now?"
Gemma leans forward, looking past Darcy at Hermione and pointing a finger at her.
"Of course we have to do this now," Gemma says.
"I can't drink and not smoke a cigarette.
I'm really in my element now.
And no one is forcing you to sit by us, you know that, right?"
When Hermione doesn't answer, Gemma smiles wider.
"Or .
.
.
you think we're so cool, you don't want to leave because you want people to think you're cool by association—" "You're not funny," Hermione retorts.
"And you're not cool, either."
"Ouch," Gemma laughs.
"Hermione, no offense, but I'm a lot cooler than you are."
"If being cool means getting so drunk you can't walk right and stinking of cigarettes, then I don't think I want to be cool at all."
This makes Gemma laugh harder.
"Oh, Hermione .
.
.
you know that I love you, don't you?"
Hermione rolls her eyes, her attention caught by Emily and Carla both shouting and drinking deep from their cup and bottle.
Darcy and Gemma toast their friends and drink again, chasing it with a long drag of their cigarettes.
Darcy coughs, the liquid warm in her chest.
When Harry, Ron, and Hermione start their own conversation and Fred and George begin to chat up a couple of girls, Gemma leans into Darcy once more, elbowing her playfully.
Gemma holds her watch out in front of her.
"We've got about an hour.
Is that enough time?"
With a surge of affection for Gemma, Darcy plunges into the story of her week at Lupin's, starting from the very beginning.
When Darcy admits she'd slept alone for the first few days because she was too embarrassed to ask Lupin to join her, Gemma snorts and laughs kind-heartedly ("You guys are so gross, you know that?").
Darcy doesn't spare Gemma any details, even the ones that make her blush furiously, but Gemma listens carefully the whole time, chain-smoking cigarettes and drinking from her cup.
Unable to stop talking, Darcy then tells Gemma about her experience at the Ministry of Magic, and the conversation she and Mr. Weasley had in regards to Lupin.
When Darcy finishes, it's like a weight off her chest, and she sighs contently, her head buzzing with drink.
Darcy and Gemma are quiet for a few minutes, watching Emily and Carla grow drunker and drunker with each round of Gobstones they play.
Harry and Hermione watch Ron's miniature figure of Viktor Krum walk back and forth on his palm; Fred and George have disappeared, along with the girls they'd been talking to.
"I'm afraid to tell Sirius," Darcy whispers, glancing around at her friends once more.
"I don't think he's going to be happy."
"Why?"
"For all the same reasons Mr. Weasley wasn't happy, and then some."
"Darcy, Sirius has been in Azkaban for the better part of your life," Gemma says very seriously.
"No offense, but I don't really think that what he has to say about you and Lupin should matter very much to you.
After all the shit you've been through, you deserve this, and if he can't see that—well .
.
.
then fuck him."
"Don't say that, Gemma.
I love him," Darcy says quickly, feeling guilty for even entertaining such a thought.
"I love Sirius.
What he thinks matters very much to me."
Gemma doesn't seem to have much else to say about the subject, and it discourages Darcy slightly.
Gemma, who had been Darcy's steady and reliable source of comfort the previous year, who had kept her secrets and given her advice and listened to everything without asking too many questions .
.
.
Darcy needs decent advice, but she doesn't like the advice Gemma has given.
But she isn't given much time to think about it—within fifteen minutes, parents begin to arrive to collect their children.
Mr. Weasley comes first, decked in green to support Ireland along with his children and their friends—with Bill, Charlie, Percy, and Fred and George at his heels, he beckons to Harry, Ron, and Hermione.
They bid everyone good-bye and head towards the lantern lit path that will take them, presumably, to the stadium.
Carla's mother and father seem agitated at the fact that Carla and Gemma have been drinking, but escort them away with smile, clearly not wanting to dampen the high spirits of the Quidditch Cup.
When Emily's mother and her friend finally come to fetch Emily and Darcy, Darcy realizes they aren't the only ones who've been drinking, as Mrs. Duncan smells strongly of spiced wine, and her friend's eyes are bloodshot and heavy, a lopsided smile on her face as they follow the shuffling crowd between rows and rows of tents—small tents and large tents, tents with gardens out front and tents with weather vanes on top.
Eventually, the crowd leads them to a path lit by dim lights in the evening gloom, and Darcy hears raucous singing and drunken laughing, and Darcy smiles, walking slightly unsteadily on her feet along with the sea of green and scarlet.
The stadium is larger than Darcy could have ever imagined—her eyes light up, never having been to anything like this before.
Mrs. Duncan leads them to four seats that have been reserved for them, and Darcy sits on the end, Emily on her left.
All around her, thousands and thousands of spectators file into their seats, talking excitedly, wearing their support for either Ireland or Bulgaria.
Advertisements flicker on a large blackboard high above Darcy's head, and she pulls out the pair of Omnioculars, searching the stands dutifully for signs of her friends.
She sees the Weasleys, Harry, and Hermione in the Top Box talking with several important and flashy-looking wizards, including Cornelius Fudge.
At the sight of the Minister of Magic, Darcy's stomach begins to churn, but she can't take her eyes off him.
All she can think about is his inability to listen to reason—to even consider for one moment that Sirius may be innocent, that he hadn't done what all those witnesses thought they saw him do.
If Cornelius Fudge was a decent man, he would have listened to Darcy and set Aurors to hunting down Peter Pettigrew instead of her godfather.
Forcing herself to look anywhere else, Darcy moves her Omnioculars a little ways away to watch Ludo Bagman, looking cheerful and excited as ever, and Darcy watches Ludo put his wand to his throat, not expecting to hear his voice boom throughout the stadium and her head.
"Ladies and gentlemen .
.
.
welcome!
Welcome to the final of the four-hundred-and-twenty-second Quidditch World Cup!"
The spectators roar their approval and excitement, clapping and whistling and stamping their feet.
Mrs. Duncan and her friend cheer loudly and Emily wolf-whistles, waving her Irish flag in the air and peering through her own Omnioculars.
The match is already full of surprises and the game hasn't even started.
Ludo Bagman announces the Bulgarian mascots and Darcy watches on curiously as they file out onto the field—hundreds of young women, incredibly and unbelievably beautiful, with long, silvery hair and skin that appears to sparkle beneath the light.
Even though Darcy knows better (she doesn't need Emily to dig fingernails into her arm and hiss, "Veela!
"), she can't help but feel extremely self-conscious.
Suddenly, Darcy flattens her hair and looks down at her knees, feeling clumsy and plain and gawky.
But it seems that she isn't the only one affected by these women, and when they start dancing, chaos suddenly ensues—men everywhere around Darcy are watching the dancing with too much intensity, some of them hanging over the railing that keeps them from plummeting to their deaths, other standing on their seats with a hand held to their heart, a glazed look about them.
When the Veela finish their dance and begin to leave the field, Darcy is surprised at the amount of angry shouting, men calling them back, expressing their desire for the women to stay just in view.
But Darcy's privately glad they've gone, for her feelings of severe inadequacy (that so often come about when she's with Lupin) slowly begin to fade, pushed to the back of her mind again.
And they disappear completely when the Irish mascots come out, distracting Darcy.
Darcy watches the sky as what appears to be fireworks light up the stands and draw the attention of everyone who'd been watching the Veela.
Darcy grins up at the shamrock that appears against the dark sky and looks through her Omnioculars, zooming in as far as she's able, something hitting her hard on the top of the head.
Lowering her Omnioculars, Darcy looks around to find golden coins raining down upon the spectators, and upon closer inspection, finds that the fireworks aren't fireworks at all—but Leprechauns.
"Don't take any of the coins," Mrs. Duncan tells them both, watching them scoop some golden coins from the ground.
"It's all fake gold, you know—it'll disappear!"
Ludo Bagman introduces the players for each time, and when he calls Viktor Krum's name, the stands around her go absolutely wild.
Apparently, Krum is a favorite player of the Bulgarian supporters and Irish ones alike, and when Darcy looks into his face, she gets the impression that Krum doesn't particularly enjoy it—or maybe he does, but his face just looks like that.
He's young, maybe no older than her, with large, thick, dark eyebrows lacking any arch, making him look angry and sullen, and his curved nose reminds Darcy of a beak.
After the referee flies out onto the pitch, the game begins, and Darcy has a hard time keeping up.
Seven years of watching Quidditch being played at Hogwarts, three years of watching Harry play, but this is nothing like she's ever seen.
Despite being draped in scarlet, Darcy cheers along with Emily, Mrs. Duncan, and Mrs. Duncan's friend, Faye, when the Irish Chaser scores the first goal of the match, and Emily points out the dancing and teasing Leprechauns, who celebrate with the team.
The match is brutal, fast-paced, and Ludo can barely keep up with the Quaffle most times.
His enthusiastic nature does nothing but engage Darcy, and while she hadn't thought she'd ever find herself fond of Ludo, it's hard not to be.
Bulgaria scores eventually, and the Veela perform their dance again to the audiences' pleasure, and the Bludgers zoom around the pitch, hit by Beater after Beater towards any player near the Quaffle.
Viktor Krum, Darcy has to admit, is an excellent flyer.
She's always known that Harry has real talent on a broomstick, but Krum is something else entirely, and part of her wishes she was in the Top Box with her brother, exclaiming and chattering about the players clean techniques and executions and flying styles.
A little while into the match, the Irish Seeker follows Krum in a dive, crashing into the ground as Krum pulls up just in time, soaring away unhurt.
It's a moment before the medi-wizards tend to the injured and dazed Seeker, and then the game begins again, picking up right where it left off.
Players are injured, penalties are awarded, even the Veelas reveal their true selves halfway through the game, jeering at the dancing Leprechauns with bird-like features, angry and shrieking madly.
Ireland scores goal after goal, flying through the air with a kind of triumph as the Snitch continues to elude both Seekers.
Darcy feels her voice grow hoarse as she shouts incoherently with the rest of the crowd, and Emily is barely audible over the shouts of her mother and Faye.
Watching Krum through her Omnioculars, Darcy sees him dive again, blood spilling from a broken nose down his robes and through the air behind him, catching the attention of the Irish Seeker.
For a moment, Darcy expects Krum to lead the other Seeker into the ground again, hopefully earning himself a few more minutes to search for the Snitch without interruption, but .
.
.
"Ireland wins!"
Ludo's voice booms suddenly.
"Krum's caught the Snitch, but Ireland wins!
One-hundred-seventy to one-hundred-sixty!
Ireland wins the Cup!"
Darcy and Emily turn to each other, wide-eyed and panting and absolutely enthused.
She can feel her heart racing with adrenaline beneath her chest, threatening to burst right out of her.
As both team fly much slower towards the Top Box, Emily croaks, "How about that?"
"That was amazing," Darcy says breathlessly, unable to close her mouth.
"Why don't we go to more Quidditch games?"
"Don't let mum hear you say that," Emily laughs, nodding at her mother, who looks to be almost teary-eyed as she applauds the Ireland team.
Emily grins mischievously.
"I'm sure Oliver Wood would give you free tickets whenever you wanted."
Darcy laughs.
"I'm sure there's a price."
Despite the late hour, many people continue celebrating well into the night, including Darcy, Emily, Carla, and Gemma, who continue to drink and smoke, reliving the Quidditch match play-by-play.
Sitting together in an empty camping spot, surrounded by Irish supporters who set off massive and beautiful and colorful fireworks and sink loudly and drunkenly, setting the mood, Darcy can't think of anywhere else she'd rather be right now.
"How about that Viktor Krum?"
Gemma asks, looking around at all of her friends for approval with a raised eyebrow.
"Handsome, isn't he?
Do you think that I could seduce a famous Quidditch player?"
"Why does he always look so angry, though?"
Carla asks with a shrug, uninterested.
"He was probably angry because his team lost," Emily adds.
"Yeah, but Krum was the one who caught the Snitch," Darcy says.
"If I were Krum, I probably would have at least smiled once."
"So, what's the consensus?"
Gemma asks again impatiently.
"Am I going for it?
You think I could do it?"
"You and every other girl here," Emily snorts, cheering with Gemma, clinking her glass against Gemma's with a mocking smile.
"Good luck fighting your way through all of them."
Gemma bristles, offended and defensive.
"You're trying to tell me that Viktor Krum wouldn't pick me out of a crowd of—" There's a loud and sudden bang!, and the four of them quiet for a moment, uneasy.
Darcy's ears perk up as she looks around her, looking for some small sign of disturbance, of something wrong, and her heart starts to hammer again and she can feel sweat forming on her face—cold sweat at her hairline.
"What was that?"
she snaps, hoping for a reassuring answer.
"It's probably just fireworks," Carla replies with a smile.
"They've been setting them off every three minutes.
What are you so paranoid for?"
"Do you even know Darcy?"
Emily jokes, though Darcy can tell that her heart isn't really in it.
She checks her watch, her leg bouncing up and down.
Darcy stares at Emily, hoping she'll look up and understand Darcy's fervent desire to leave and find Harry.
When Emily meets her eyes, she clears her throat, and both she and Darcy put their cigarettes out.
"It's getting late.
Darcy, mum will probably be waiting for us."
"You're leaving now?"
Gemma frowns, getting to her feet as Darcy and Emily reach out for each other's hands.
"The party's just started!
Come on, at least help us finish this bottle of—" Before anyone can give answer, the tent beside their empty spot erupts into flames, and the small explosion from inside knocks all four of them backwards.
Darcy hits the ground hair, Emily falling on her legs with a yelp.
They scramble to their feet, pulling Carla and Gemma up by their hands.
By the light of the raging fire, Darcy sees the panic in her friends' faces, and as adrenaline courses through her veins, panic accompanying it, Darcy pushes Emily behind her as another tent goes up in flames.
"What's happening?"
Carla shrieks, shielding her eyes from the blinding light of the hot flames, looking Darcy in the face.
"What's going on?"
Darcy looks around as if searching for an answer right in front of her, but all she can hear is screaming, not singing.
The shouts and cries of wizards and witches, the wailing of children, names being called frantically in the dark, the sound of heavy footsteps all around her as people rush back and forth, searching for family members and friends.
It's hard to see through the dark, and now the smoke from the flames is clogging the clean air, but Darcy thinks she can see other people—hooded, their faces hidden, and suspended high above them are four people, clearly in pain and afraid, sobbing as the hooded figures make their bodies contort and writhe in the air.
Darcy shakes her head, her eyes falling upon Gemma, whose face is set and white as a ghost.
Gemma grabs onto Carla's hand, turning to Darcy.
Darcy swallows loudly, being shuffled around by the fleeing crowd as the hooded figures draw nearer.
Gemma's grave expression frightens Darcy—it's almost as if the incident has sobered Gemma up completely.
"Death Eaters," Gemma whispers.
She looks to Emily and gives her a slight nod before turning back to Darcy.
"You have to get out of here—we'll go check on Carla's parents, and we'll meet up afterwards."
Death Eaters.
So this is what Voldemort had planned—he wasn't going to show his face, he was going to have his servants do it for him.
When Darcy glances at the floating figures, her stomach lurches, recognizing them as the Muggles who had greeted them when they arrived at the campsite.
They dangle in the air like rag-dolls.
Darcy wonders very briefly if Gemma's parents are among the crowd—if Gemma had any idea that something was being planned, she's a very good actress.
Judging by her pale face and the fear in her eyes, Darcy doesn't think Gemma suspected anything at all.
Without a plan, without any other instructions, Gemma and Carla run one way, away from the Death Eaters now closing in on them.
Emily makes to run the opposite way, towards the campsite, and Darcy makes to run into the Death Eaters.
Still clutching onto each other's hands, they both stumble, facing each other.
"Where are you going?"
Emily screams, as a witch nearly runs her over attempting to flee the Death Eaters.
"Mum's tent is this way!"
"I have to find Harry!"
"You heard Gemma, you have to get out of here!
If they see you and realize who you are, they will kill you!"
Emily starts to panic and she takes a step backwards.
"I have to get to mum—please, Darcy, come with me and we can get out of here—" "I'm not leaving without Harry!"
Darcy and Emily both hesitate, give each other a pleading look, and at the same time, they both turn away from each other, pelting off in opposite directions, wands at the ready.
The Death Eaters are closing in now and Darcy is sure they've spotted her, sure that some of them recognize her—and sure enough, a jet of white light is shot towards her.
Darcy tries to side-step it, but it grazes her thigh, cutting through her jeans and breaking skin.
It stings, but the pain goes away just as quickly as it had come on, despite blood soaking the area.
Between the stampeding crowd, the Death Eaters, and Ministry workers and volunteers attempting to fight off the Death Eaters, Darcy can hardly tell up from down.
Jets of red, green, blue, and white fly in every direction, narrowly missing her some of the time, and several times she's knocked to the ground when a fleeing wizard or witch barrels into her.
She tries to find the area where the Weasleys had pitched their tents, but Darcy doesn't know where she is, and the only sound now is the pounding of her pulse in her ears, drowning out the screams and cries and jeers.
How is she supposed to find Harry like this?
She can't find a sign of red hair—the Weasleys are always easy to pick out of a crowd—and she can't find a sign of Harry or Hermione.
Even her own friends are lost to her; Carla and Gemma are likely already gone, Disapparated as soon as they'd returned to Carla's parents—and where is Emily?
Where was it that they'd set up the tent?
Hundreds of tents are on fire and any one of those could be the one that she seeks, but thick black smoke keeps her from spotting any small details that could alert her to the owner.
Darcy continues to push her way through the thinning crowd, coughing and hacking as the smoke burns her lungs and her chest.
"Harry!"
she rasps, coughing into her elbow, pushing a wide wizard out of her way.
"Harry!"
Between the excitement of the match and lots of drink, Darcy hadn't even been thinking about the possibility of an attack on the World Cup.
Everything had seemed, for lack of a better word, fine.
Security was everywhere, scouring the campground for signs of inappropriate magic, and now .
.
.
how many people are dead or injured already?
How many more frightened, trying to console their children?
And what of the Muggles being raised high in the sky by the Death Eaters?
Darcy continues to stagger through the burning tents, searching for a sign of someone she knows, hoping that her friends are safe and all right.
How many people could she have saved by telling someone about her concerns?
What would they have done?
Darcy hadn't been expecting this—not an assault on the campground by cowards hidden behind masks .
.
.
could any of this have been prevented?
Through the thick, black smoke, high in the night sky above Darcy, something floods the campground with light, and she looks up, momentarily frozen to the spot.
She can't remember ever seeing anything like it—green in color, the shape looks to be a giant skull, horrible and terrifying, and when it opens its mouth, the tongue slithers like a snake from it and Darcy recoils.
She doesn't know why—she can't explain it—but the sight of the skull in the sky inspires such fear in her heart, and Darcy continues moving, calling out Harry's name, stopping again when notices something off.
The appearance of this skull in the sky seems to have triggered something among the Death Eaters.
They begin to scatter and break ranks, Disapparating as the Ministry workers close in on them with their wands brandished.
Groups of Death Eaters disappear together, pointing at the sky, forgetting about destroying the campsites all around them.
With most of the fearful witches and wizards hiding in the woods or gone completely, the Death Eaters missing, and Ministry workers putting out the fires, Darcy looks around her again, able to see by the light of the skull in the sky.
The sight of the campsite takes Darcy's breath away; her knees buckle and she falls to the ground, unable to tear her eyes away from the scene of utter destruction.
Her chest heaves at the sight of bodies lying around her—dead or just Stunned, she can't be sure.
The smoldering remains of the tents are all that's left in the area, the grass scorched and blackened, the sky looking almost cloudy with all the billowing smoke.
Darcy looks to the tree line off to the side, wondering if it's possible Harry could be hiding in there—or had he wandered off to look for her?
Would he have done that?
Would Harry have needed to know his sister was all right?
"Darcy?
Darcy!
Oh, my—Merlin's beard .
.
.
all right, Darcy, up you get, here now .
.
."
A heavy hand clamps around Darcy's upper arm and pulls her to her feet.
She turns to find Ludo Bagman, his normally smiling face looking very white and very scared.
His eyes dart from burned tent to burned tent before gripping her arm tighter and looking right into her eyes.
Darcy watches as he examines her face, looking her quickly up and down.
"Are you all right?
What are you doing out here?"
he asks her urgently, as if she should know better.
Darcy only looks at him with a blank expression.
"Come .
.
.
come, Darcy .
.
.
let's get you away from here .
.
.
where are your friends, Darcy?"
"I .
.
.
I don't know," she replies, keeping her eyes fixed upon Ludo's face, not wanting to see anymore of the devastation around her.
Ludo grips her arm tighter and looks around.
"I was looking for Harry .
.
.
Emily and I got separated—" "You there!"
Ludo calls out, making Darcy jump.
"Are you a Weasley?
You look like a Weasley!"
"Charlie—!"
Relief washes over Darcy at the sight of just his face, and Darcy reaches out for him.
There's a large tear in his shirt and a few small cuts on his arms, but he seems otherwise all right, and wraps his arms around her in equal relief.
She breaks away from him, breathing heavily.
"Charlie, where's Harry?
I couldn't find him anywhere—" "Don't worry, I'm sure Harry's all right," Charlie answers, glancing down at her bleeding leg.
"Dad brought all of them to a safe place—the forest, I think, just over there—are you all right?
You're bleeding."
"I'm fine," Darcy replies, still not feeling any pain.
She looks towards the forest Charlie had mentioned.
"You?"
"I'm all right."
"Where's your tent?
I got all turned around and I couldn't find—" "This way," Charlie says, nodding in acknowledgement to Ludo before they take their leave of him.
They seem to have wandered some ways away from the Weasleys' tents, but Charlie finds his way easily enough, his jaw clenched and gripping his wand very tightly.
Darcy holds her arms around her as Charlie leads her into the untouched tent, and they both stop just inside of it upon realizing no one else is inside.
"They'll be back soon.
Let's just wait."
"I have to find Emily .
.
.
she went to go find her mum, and I went to find Harry and .
.
."
Darcy stops, looking up into Charlie's face and feeling about to explode.
Her thigh begins to throb.
"Why did they run?
Why did they just leave like that?"
"I think it was the Dark Mark," Charlie sighs, pulling out a chair for Darcy at the small kitchen table.
She sits and he rummages around quickly in the cabinets, pulling out a yellowing cloth and examining it for a moment.
"Here .
.
.
I'm sorry, I'm rubbish at healing spells."
Darcy accepts the cloth, pressing it to her thigh to staunch the bleeding, and it does feel slightly better with pressure applied to it.
When Charlie sits down across the table from her, she continues.
"The Dark Mark?
Is that what that skull was?"
"Yes," he replies grimly.
"The Dark Mark is You-Know-Who's sign of sorts.
Dad said that Death Eaters would put up the Dark Mark whenever they killed."
They look at each other for a moment, and are soon distracted by people stumbling through the tent flaps.
Darcy and Charlie get to their feet, and for a second, she forgets about the pain in her thigh.
Bill and Percy stop at the sight of them—Percy clutches a bleeding nose, and Bill's arm gushes blood onto the canvas floor.
Immediately, Darcy and Charlie work together in an attempt to help them, and Charlie suggests a bed sheet after finding nothing large enough.
It's only a few minutes later when Fred, George, and Ginny enter the tent, looking shaken.
Darcy strokes Ginny's flaming red hair as she settles in the chair beside her, but she addresses Fred and George.
"Where are the others?"
"We got separated," George answers, falling into the chair beside Bill.
"I'm sure they're fine."
For nearly fifteen minutes, they all sit in silence.
Darcy wants to talk more about what happened, wants to keep her brain from coming up with disgusting thoughts, but it doesn't seem right to talk about these things in front of Ginny, who already seems very frightened.
And then, Mr. Weasley bursts into the tent and everyone stands for him.
Behind him, Harry, Hermione, and Ron enter—Darcy runs at them, meaning to hug only Harry, but scooping the rest of them into her arms, as well.
"Are you all right?"
Darcy asks them, touching their faces and kissing the tops of their sweaty heads several times.
"I was so worried—" "We're all right," Harry says breathlessly.
"You?"
Darcy nods, but Harry looks nervously at her thigh.
"I'm fine, don't worry about me."
Clutching his shoulders, Darcy takes a look around the tent, her heart racing again.
"I have to get back to Emily.
I just had to make sure you were all right."
"I'll see you soon," Harry whispers.
Darcy nods again, exiting the tent and ignoring Mr. Weasley's faint protests, stepping out into the cool, smoky air.
Knowing exactly where she is now, it's easy to find her way back to Mrs. Duncan's tent.
But Darcy quickens her pace about halfway back—the tents here are all still smoking, torn and burned canvas blowing in the slight breeze, most of the campsites deserted, and an ominous silence over them.
No, no, no .
.
.
not Emily, not Emily .
.
.
And Darcy finds the tent easily enough.
What once was a beautiful spot is now ugly and dry—Mrs.
Duncan's tent is completely destroyed, nothing but a pile of ashes, some furniture still burning down to nothing.
Darcy sees a flash of blonde hair a little off in the distance, the same blonde as Emily's hair.
Darcy sprints to the treeline, panting as she reaches Emily, who's kneeling on the ground, hunched over something.
Relieved, Darcy asks, "Are you—?"
But the question dies in her throat.
Emily doesn't even look at her, doesn't turn around to see who it is that has appeared at her shoulder.
Darcy kneels down beside Emily and looks into the colorless face of Mrs. Duncan, as cold and lifeless as Lily Potter's is in Darcy's nightmare.
y fault, my fault, my fault.
"Emily .
.
."
"Don't touch me!"
My fault, my fault, my fault.
"Darcy?
Emily—Merlin's—they're over here!
We need help!"
My fault, my fault, my fault.
Arms wrap around her—skinny arms, shaking arms—pulling her away from Emily and her mother.
Darcy closes her eyes, her cheek against a flat chest, listening to a rapidly beating heart, matching the pace of her own.
All my fault.
Harry's hand touches her face, holding her to him.
The ground is starting to hurt her knees .
.
.
when had she fallen to the ground?
Her thigh throbs with every shaky breath she takes.
Voices are getting closer, and people are starting to take notice that something is very, very wrong.
All my fault.
"Darcy, sweetheart, come here," Mr. Weasley whispers, and his hand takes hers, gently prising her from Harry's chest.
Harry's arms release her somewhat reluctantly, but Darcy is afraid to open her eyes, afraid to see what her cowardice has done to Emily's mother, afraid to see what her cowardice has done to her best friend.
"Come here, Darcy .
.
.
I'm going to bring you and Emily home, all right?"
"And what about my mother?"
Emily snaps suddenly, her voice hoarse and pleading and desperate, all at once.
"I'm just supposed to leave her here?"
"Your mother will be taken care of," Mr. Weasley says soothingly, but when he wraps his arm tighter around Darcy, she can feel him trembling.
"Don't worry, Emily."
Mr. Weasley squeezes Darcy to his chest and she nuzzles into him, tears spilling from her eyes and down her cheeks, staining his jacket.
His skin is damp and sticky with sweat and blood, but she doesn't quite mind.
Emily's light and hesitant footsteps approach and Darcy hears her sniffling.
When Emily's clammy hand closes around Darcy's wrist, Darcy finds the strength to open her eyes, knowing that Emily doesn't hate her enough not to touch her.
Slowly, very slowly, as Mr. Weasley issues instructions to his eldest sons in regards to the other children, Darcy lifts her head from Mr. Weasley's chest.
Emily is looking right at her, eyes swollen and puffy, cheeks stained with tears, but her gaze isn't an accusing one—it's sad, pathetic, apologetic—and Emily quickly looks away, holding onto Mr. Weasley's arm.
"I don't live far from the Ministry's visitor entrance," Emily tells him in a soft voice.
"I can get us home from there."
Darcy looks past her at the legs that belong to Emily's mother—long and pale, just like Emily's.
Her torso and head are hidden behind a couple of Ministry workers, talking quietly amongst themselves.
Guilt overwhelms her and Darcy sobs, Mr. Weasley's arm tighter around her than she's ever been held.
She takes one last look at her brother before the three of them turn on the spot, and the campsite around them dissolves into a rush of colors, disappearing altogether, and within seconds, Darcy's feet hit the hard ground of an empty, dark alleyway.
Emily leads them home.
Seated at the top of the carpeted stairs, Darcy listens to Mr. Weasley speaking with Mr. Duncan in the kitchen, her packed trunk at her side and Max's empty cage on her other side.
Max is wrapped in her arms like a stuffed animal, not writhing in her grip for once, rubbing his face all over Darcy's and hooting quietly every so often.
She hears Mr. Duncan break down into great, heaving sobs, his grief becoming Darcy's grief.
Darcy's tears fall into Max's feathers as she cuddles him, allowing him to nip at the tips of her fingers as she rubs underneath his beak.
After several minutes of hearing Mr. Duncan crying, refusing to believe his wife is dead, unable to comprehend what kind of people would kill his beautiful wife—his Beth—his daughter's mother.
Darcy sits quite still, forcing herself to.
Why hadn't she told someone about Harry's dream?
Why hadn't she told Mr. Weasley?
Or let Emily tell Tonks?
Why did it matter if Harry would be mad at her if it meant Emily's mother had lived?
Darcy buries her face in Max's feathers, crying quietly.
All she can picture is Mr. Duncan holding his daughter, trying to understand what exactly happened, thinking of Mrs. Duncan's beautiful face, a face normally full of color and life and energy and happiness, now cold and white and devoid of any life.
After another fifteen minutes of nothing but Emily and her father crying, Darcy hears Mr. Weasley's footsteps at the base of the stairs.
She lifts her head from Max's feathers and looks at him for a long time.
Darcy doesn't move, and Mr. Weasley climbs a few stairs closer to her.
He looks exhausted, drained of everything that he has, and he takes his foggy glasses off to rub his eyes with his thumbs before replacing them on the bridge of his nose.
"Come on, Darcy," he whispers, his voice breaking.
Mr. Weasley holds out a hand for her.
"They'll be all right.
Let them grieve together."
She wants to tell Mr. Weasley that it was all her fault, that Emily's mother is dead because of her, because she was too afraid of angering Harry, too afraid of compromising his privacy.
She wants to tell Mr. Duncan—he and his wife, who had brought her into their home, who had given her safe haven from the Dursleys, who had fed her and clothed her, taken her out to dinner and the theater and shopping—that it's all her fault Mrs. Duncan is dead, that Emily will never have a mother again.
It's her fault that Mrs. Duncan will never cook dinner again, that she'll never come home to kiss her husband after work again.
Darcy is all too familiar with the pain of missing a parent, all too familiar with the gaping hole in her heart, the aching in her chest.
She would never wish that pain upon anyone, and to know that it's her fault her best friend now has to live with that pain .
.
.
"Darcy, please," Mr. Weasley begs, beckoning her to him, desperate now.
"I'm going to take you back home, now.
Molly will take care of you until we're able to catch a Portkey back."
Finally, Darcy coaxes Max back into his cage with little resistance on his part, and she gets to her feet.
Mr. Weasley waves his wand at her trunk and it floats down the stairs towards him.
Darcy carries Max's cage in her sweaty and shaking hand, moving down the stairs.
At the bottom, she chances a glance into the kitchen, where the sound of sobbing is still audible.
Mr. Duncan has Emily enveloped in his arms, kissing the top of her head and crying into her golden hair, the same golden hair her mother had.
Emily sobs against his chest, grasping his shirt tight to keep from collapsing.
Darcy stumbles backwards, unable to watch the scene any longer.
She follows Mr. Weasley outside and the cool night air hits her, chilling her bones in the way a dementor might.
Darcy suddenly wishes there were warm arms wrapped around her, comforting her, soothing her.
The prospect of having to face Mrs. Weasley's coddling becomes too much, and as Mr. Weasley extends her hand to her again, Darcy reaches out to take it, but hesitates.
She eyes her trunk sitting on the ground beside him, close enough for Darcy to grab hold of it.
She looks into Mr. Weasley's eyes warily and kneels down, under the pretense of letting Max out of his cage.
She goes to kiss his head, whispering to him (and feeling quite foolish while doing so).
Max flies away instantly, hooting loudly as he soars out into the night.
"Take my hand, Darcy.
Come on, sweetheart."
When Darcy hesitates, it's clear that Mr. Weasley senses trouble, shaking his head.
"Darcy, come with me."
"I'm sorry, Mr. Weasley," she cries softly.
"I'm so sorry."
He narrows his eyes, brow furrowing.
"What—?"
Darcy holds tight to Max's cage, fumbles for her wand and grabs the handle of her trunk before Mr. Weasley can say another word.
She turns on the spot, disappearing from the front of Emily's house and leaving Mr. Weasley standing on the lawn, bewildered.
What feels like an eternity later, Darcy lands flat on her back in tall, unkempt, and swaying grass, crying out as a sharp pain shoots up her spine.
She pushes her trunk off her legs and sits up, rubbing her eyes and looking around her.
Directly in front of her, the half moon casting it in an eerie, white light, is a dark cottage.
There's no smoke coming from the chimney, and all the light inside seem to be off.
But at the sight of it, Darcy lets out a sob and, quite forgetting her luggage, staggers up the overgrown path to the front door.
Through swollen eyes, she checks her watch, almost forgetting the unreasonable hour.
3:59.
Darcy isn't sure if knocking loudly in the dead of night is a good idea when he isn't expecting anyone, but she throws caution to the wind, slapping the door as hard as she can, calling out for him, crying, begging him to wake up.
She slaps the door for three minutes until her palm begins to sting, and when she stops, there's the clicking of a lock and the door is pulled open quickly.
Lupin is standing there, tousle-haired, eyes still puffy from sleep, his wand held out hesitantly in front of him as if expecting someone dangerous.
"Darcy," he rasps incredulously, looking beyond her and examining the empty and quiet field.
When he comes to the conclusion that she is indeed alone, he looks at her again.
"What are you doing here?"
Darcy doesn't answer, and Lupin lights the tip of his wand, taking a step back in order to get a good look at her.
She's sure she's a terrifying sight, especially for so late at night.
Darcy had caught glimpses of her reflection in shop windows on the lonely and quiet walk to Emily's house.
Her face blackened by soot, hair tangled and a mess, her jeans and thigh covered with now dried blood, face tear-stained and more tears spilling from her eyes.
Her throat aching, Darcy manages to whisper, "Can I please come in?"
"Where are your things?
Why didn't you write to me?
What's happened?"
Lupin takes her hand and pulls her gently into his home, turning on a few lamps and sitting her down on the sofa.
He retrieves her trunk and empty cage, leaving them at the door to return to Darcy.
"Why are you bleeding?
Why are you here at four o'clock in the morning?
What happened to the World Cup?"
The words come so easily to her, as they always have.
Darcy has always been able to say anything to him, has always been able to tell him things she'd never tell anyone else.
"Emily's mother is dead," Darcy says weakly, as Lupin's hand cup her face, tucking hair behind her ears.
His eyes robe over her face, taking in her appearance, a crease appearing between his eyebrows.
"It's my fault."
"Why would you say that?"
Lupin asks her gently.
He lights a fire by magic in the over-sized fireplace.
"Why would you ever think that it's your fault?
What's happened, Darcy?"
He fires her questions at her without hesitation, hardly taking breaths between them, but Darcy feels at such ease for the first time in hours and she feels up to answering them.
She has to tell someone or her own thoughts will drive her insane, but she requests a drink first, and Lupin happily obliges, bringing her a bottle of wine and a glass.
So Darcy, with many tears and moments where she's nearly incoherent, racked with sobs, tells Lupin about her suspicions of something happening at the Quidditch World Cup, of her stupid decision not to tell anyone, of how she's chickened out of telling Mr. Weasley, how the Death Eaters had stormed the campsite and Emily crying over her mother's dead body and Mr. Duncan's heartbreaking sobs in the home that he wife will never return to.
Lupin doesn't say a word throughout this, only shushes her quietly when Darcy begins to get hysterical again.
"If I had told someone, I could have stopped it," Darcy finishes, not shaking half as bad with a little wine in her.
"If I hadn't been such a coward, they could have been ready for the Death Eaters and Emily's mum would still be alive and she knows it's my fault—" "It's not your fault," Lupin says, shaking his head slightly and topping off Darcy's wine glass, pouring a little more than she thinks he would during a normal situation.
"You can't blame yourself.
It could have just been a dream, like you said—" "I should have said something!"
"Darcy, how could they ever have been prepared for that?
Even if you had told someone, I don't think many people would have taken a tip you gave them based on a dream.
Even if they had .
.
.
going off what you've told me, how would they have known Death Eaters were going to come?"
She doesn't answer.
Darcy stares into the crackling fire for a long time, her eyes heavy.
It's all catching up to her now, making her tired, and she wants to sleep for days.
"Don't let me fall asleep tonight," she breathes, eyes still fixed upon the flames.
"Please."
When Darcy turns back to look at him, it's only then that she realizes he isn't wearing a shirt, and her eyes sweep over him.
She looks away quickly, disgusted with herself.
"You need to get some rest," Lupin insists, trying to sound firm about it, but failing miserably.
"The wine will help.
I'll take care of you, Darcy."
Darcy smiles a sad little smile.
"I know you will."
A heavy silence hangs over them for a few minutes.
Darcy can feel Lupin watching her, waiting for her to say something, to do something.
Finally, he says, "I'm so glad you're all right."
She's alive, at least—that's the only thing she's sure of.
Darcy is alive, yet anything but all right.
She feels like a part of her has died—someone she considered a mother figure is now dead, a casualty that Darcy could possibly have prevented.
But Lupin's words soothe the aching in her heart long enough for her to tear her gaze completely from the fire and wrap her arms around him.
His arms snake around her waist, and Darcy cries into his shoulder.
Lupin presses his lips to her temple, placing a soft kiss on an area of skin relatively free from soot.
"Does anyone know that you're here?"
Almost certain that Mr. Weasley will likely deduce where she's gone, it still leaves a small chance he won't guess she's come to Lupin's, but Darcy is absolutely certain Harry will know.
"Yes, I think so," Darcy murmurs into his skin.
"I'll write tomorrow.
Max is on his way here."
"Would you like to get cleaned up?"
"Yes."
He brings her trunk into the bedroom and Darcy enters the bathroom, deciding at the last moment to lock the door for reasons unknown to herself.
She looks at herself for a long time in the mirror as the shower runs, heating up and making the mirror foggier and foggier until she can no longer see her face clearly.
Slowly, she strips out of her clothes—or more like, peels them off—and slips under the scalding hot water, letting it wash everything off her—dirt and blood and sweat and soot, guilt and sadness and pain and remorse.
She lets the water numb her, beating hard against her back, slightly lightheaded from the heat of it and from the furious pounding of her heart.
She's so tired.
Every time she closes her eyes—for a little bit longer each time, leaning against the tiled wall—all Darcy can see are flashes of green lights, hear the thumping of a body hitting the floor, see her mother's terrified face frozen in front of her, see Voldemort's red, red eyes.
Thankfully, knocking at the bathroom door startles her into a more alert state, and when Lupin asks, "Are you all right?
", Darcy decides it's time to exit the shower.
When Darcy exits the bathroom, wrapped in a towel, her hair dripping wet, Lupin is reading a book through half-opened eyes on the bed.
As much as she doesn't want to fall asleep, to relive her mother's death over and over again, Darcy knows the comfort of waking beside him, being able to nuzzle into his chest after those dreams would be welcome.
To just lay in bed and not be alone would be a blessing right now.
Without removing her towel or drying her knotted hair, Darcy crawls into bed beside him, closing her eyes automatically.
"Don't fall asleep, love."
"I'm just resting my eyes," she murmurs.
"Don't fall asleep."
The words are soothing, reminding her of better days, of easier days.
Darcy had been happy, happy in a way she hadn't been in so long.
Now, it's hard to remember how she'd felt mere hours ago, her excitement during the match, the peaceful feeling she'd felt being with her friends again.
It's far easier to remember the fear, the suffering and aching, the chaos.
As soon as Lupin turns the lamp off and settles back down beside her as the dawn begins to break, Darcy falls asleep.
Her dreams, as expected, are plagued by some of Darcy's worst memories—her mother dying, the Chamber of Secrets, the image of Emily's mother's blank face.
But every so often, Darcy feels a steady hand on her arm, or fingers brushing against her cheek, lips against her forehead.
When next she wakes, the sun is shining through the windows and Lupin isn't in bed anymore.
Darcy's hair is still heavy and wet and the blankets are tangled around her, the towel revealing the more private parts of her body.
The sound of knocking makes her jump, and it's then that Lupin sees she's awake.
Dressed as if done in a hurry, he kneels at the side of the bed, coaxing her back down onto the pillow.
"Stay here," he whispers.
"Go back to sleep.
I'll take care of it."
His voice is calm enough, but Darcy doesn't fail to notice his wand clutched in his hand.
Darcy does as she's told, however, and Lupin leaves the bedroom, closing the door behind him.
She rolls over and checks the time—1:42.
Darcy gets comfortable again, pulling the blanket up to her chin, listening carefully for any sounds of a fight or of a sign that whoever is at the door isn't a Death Eater.
But when the visitor speaks, Darcy's heart begins to hammer.
She knows that voice—she's incredibly familiar with that voice, and Darcy suddenly feels that if the owner of that voice were to see her like this, naked in Lupin's bed, it would not end well for her.
"Is Darcy here?"
Mr. Weasley asks, his voice uncharacteristically curt.
Darcy can tell he's inside the cottage now.
"She's sleeping," Lupin answers.
"Leave her.
She didn't fall asleep until dawn."
Darcy keeps her eyes shut, willing herself to go back to sleep.
The last thing she wants to do is talk to Mr. Weasley, either about last night or her current situation.
He's not my father.
I wasn't obligated to go back to his home last night.
But even just the knowledge that Mr. Weasley had tracked her down to make sure she was safe makes Darcy feel a surge of affection for him.
"She told me what happened last night," Lupin says again.
"I was .
.
.
shocked, for lack of a better word.
Have any Death Eaters been captured?"
Mr. Weasley seems to have been waiting to say something to this effect, because he answers quickly, "No, not as yet, but we definitely have a certain idea as to who they were, except .
.
.
no one can prove anything."
There's a short pause.
"The damn Ministry is in complete disarray.
I had the opportunity to slip away and I wasn't sure I'd have one again."
"Can I get you something to drink?"
"Gin, if you're offering."
They both chuckle, but it's only to fill silence.
"No gin, but firewhisky.
Please .
.
.
sit."
"Don't let Darcy know that."
They share another laugh, this one a little friendlier.
"All right, maybe just a small glass, for medicinal purposes, of course."
Darcy hears the clinking of glasses, the closing of the cupboard door.
"Is she all right?"
"She will be."
Someone sets their glass on the table.
"I'm sure she'll be glad to know that you've stopped by.
Is there anything I can do?
I'm not .
.
.
really in a proper position to be going out in public and aiding the Ministry, but please, let me know if there is someway that I can help."
"The Ministry needs all the help it can get," Mr. Weasley confesses, sounding frustrated.
"It doesn't help that the Minister is a prideful .
.
."
He uses some colorful language that makes Lupin laugh again, and even Darcy can't help but agree with him.
"You'll let Darcy know that I've stopped by, then?
Molly is worried sick about her, but she's been worried sick since word came from the World Cup."
"I'll let her know," Lupin promises.
"I'm sure she'll appreciate the thought.
I'll have her check-in with you, if possible.
She mentioned her owl was on his way here."
There's another long silence as someone puts their glass on the table.
"I know she's not my daughter, and perhaps it's not my business, but .
.
.
I wasn't sure if there was anyone else who would confirm that she was safe after last night."
"Excuse me?"
Lupin doesn't ask the question unkindly, but rather as if he hadn't heard correctly.
"Did she ever tell you about the first time we met?"
No, please don't tell him.
Darcy prays for sleep to take her; she doesn't want to hear this conversation.
She prays that Lupin will show Mr. Weasley out before he tells his story.
But he doesn't—Lupin doesn't say a word, and allows Mr. Weasley to continue.
"My sons decided to stage a rescue mission with a flying car I had been tinkering with, and they came home in the night with two guests—Harry and Darcy."
Mr. Weasley chuckles, but it falls flat, sounding very strained.
"Sixteen-years-old, skinny and starved, afraid and exhausted .
.
.
very much an adult next to her brother."
Tears stain Darcy's pillow, a cool wetness against her cheek.
"Polite, you know .
.
.
incredibly so.
She could teach my children a thing or two about proper manners.
There was just such a .
.
.
melancholy about her, something that made it hard to believe that she was still so young."
There's another silence and Darcy hears another faint clinking.
She imagines Lupin refilling their glasses, listening closely.
"And that night .
.
.
I thought someone was being murdered beneath my own roof," Mr. Weasley says, and Darcy has to listen hard to catch everything.
"I heard screaming and I thought it was Ginny.
She'd never screamed like that before.
And when I got to her room and realized it was Darcy, I .
.
.
the girl was clearly starved for affection.
I was still half a stranger to her, and yet when I approached, she .
.
.
I don't think she'd been properly comforted before, or even held."
He pauses again.
"I'm sorry—I should be heading back before someone notices I've gone.
Thank you for the drink, Remus."
"Of course," Lupin replies.
"Look, it's like I said, if there's anything I can do .
.
."
"Truthfully, the best thing you can do right now is stay here with Darcy."
There's the shuffling of footsteps as Mr. Weasley makes his way back to the door.
"You'll send her our way, then?
When she wakes up?"
Lupin clears his throat.
"If she wants to go, I won't stop her, but if it's all the same to you, Arthur, I'd, er .
.
.
I'd prefer she stay with me."
"Harry is worried about her.
I promised I'd let him know how she is."
"You can tell Harry she'll be fine.
Tell him I said so, would you?
I'll have her write him straightaway when Max arrives."
The front door creaks open and Lupin's voice grows fainter.
"She's in good hands here, Arthur.
She's safe here."
"Yes, well .
.
.
I think I quite believe that.
Tell her I'm sorry, would you?"
"Sorry?"
Lupin asks.
"Dare I ask for what?"
Mr. Weasley clears his own throat awkwardly.
"She'll know what I mean.
Thank you .
.
.
Remus.
""How do I look?"
Lupin looks up, lowering the day's edition of the Daily Prophet.
The Dark Mark stares back at her from the front page, still the top headline even days after the Quidditch World Cup.
He closes the paper, his eyes sweeping up and down her body, giving her a weak smile.
"You look beautiful."
Lupin throws the newspaper onto the coffee table and gets to his feet as Darcy slips her shoes on and decides where best to hide her wand.
Eventually, she slips it into the waistband of her underwear, on the side where her clutch is able to hide the outline of the thin wand from view when held at a strategic position.
Darcy smiles at him, and she hopes he knows it means the world to her that he's here, that he's allowed her into his home again, that he can sit there and tell her she's beautiful after she's been crying for days.
Lupin moves closer to her, running his fingers through her hair and letting his rough thumbs brush over her cheekbones.
She closes her eyes and sighs, wanting to stay here forever, wanting to curl up beside him and sleep for years.
"How will I be able to face her?
How can I look Emily in the face knowing what I've done?"
Darcy whispers, holding onto his wrists.
"It's not your fault, Darcy," Lupin answers, kissing her cheek tenderly.
The tip of his nose bumps against her own, and Darcy leans in to kiss him properly, but Lupin pulls away from her.
"I'll have dinner ready for you when you come back."
She flattens the front of her dress, a plain black and depressing thing, the neckline revealing half an inch of one of the scars on her shoulder.
However, the dress does hide the gash in her leg, now mostly healed over and scabbing, an ugly reminder of the World Cup.
Darcy looks back up at Lupin, the urge to stay with him at the cottage growing stronger.
She hadn't even wanted to attend the funeral at all, afraid of looking Emily and Mr. Duncan in the eyes.
Lupin had done his best to convince her that none of it was her fault, that it was the Death Eaters that had done it, not her.
He'd taken such good care of her in ways she hadn't known she needed caring for, and it's very hard not to believe him after such things.
Darcy had stayed in bed for the first few days, not eating or showering, only getting out of bed to use the bathroom.
During the hours she spent awake, Darcy was tormented with guilt, and during the hours she slept, her nightmares had suffocated her, and they still do.
But Lupin had never forced her to get out of bed, instead leaving her alone as she slept away the days, giving her sweet kisses when she was awake, holding her at night, comforting her after a nightmare while she was drenched in sweat and crying for her mother and father.
And finally, Lupin had convinced her to leave the bedroom with the prospect of her favorite foods, cooked the way she likes them, and they had eaten a silent meal on the sofa, Darcy picking at her food.
She'd put her head in his lap afterwards, and dozed on and off while he carded his fingers through her hair, never wanting to leave his side.
But privately, she's glad that Lupin has not asked her to stay again, because she isn't quite sure she'd be able to refuse him.
"I can't," Darcy croaks, her throat burning from days of crying, lack of use, and several long drinks of alcohol over the past week.
"I can't do this."
"I know you can," Lupin says, his fingers tugging gently at the neckline of her dress to completely cover her scars.
"I'll have dinner waiting for you tonight, and tomorrow you'll be at Hogwarts, where you belong."
Darcy lets him fumble with her dress for a moment, his fingers brushing against her skin, leaving the area feeling hot.
"Come with me," she pleads, frowning.
"Come with me to Hogwarts."
"I can't, Darcy, you know that," he replies.
His voice is low and sad, and Darcy feels her heart ache for him.
Lupin touches her shoulders, looking her in the face before his hands fall to his sides.
"Go on, love.
You'll be late if you linger any longer."
She nods and adjusts her dress one last time, the black pumps already hurting her feet.
Lupin walks her the short way to the front door, leaning up against the door frame as she crosses the threshold.
Before she can go too far, Lupin grabs her hand and stops her, murmuring, "Hey."
Darcy squeezes his hand, looking over her shoulder at him.
Lupin releases her hand.
"I love you," he whispers.
"Do you know that?"
She forces herself to smile, wishing she didn't look so insincere.
Darcy touches his cheek, cleanly shaven and as smooth as it can be.
Standing on her toes, she gives him a lingering kiss.
"I know."
Emily and her father greet the funeral goers, her arm wrapped around her father's.
Mr. Duncan's face is gaunt, not as handsome as it usually is, and his hair is pushed lazily out of his face, a thin patch of scruff on his cheeks and chin.
Even Emily doesn't look as radiant as usual, lacking her confident air, but she is still beautiful, always beautiful.
Though with that beauty, it almost looks as if, along with her mother, something else has died within Emily.
She looks hollow and empty, greeting family friends with a forced smile.
Her hair is pulled into a tight bun at the base of her neck, and her long-sleeved dress makes her look elegant and much, much older than eighteen.
Are we all still so young?
Darcy asks herself.
When did we have time to have fun?
When did we have time to be children?
How did we all grow up so fast?
The price of being friends with a Potter, a voice reminds her.
She'd been telling her friends for years that associating with a Potter means trouble and, for the most part, her friends have been lucky enough to avoid too much trouble.
But now the world, for Emily, has stopped spinning.
For eighteen years she had lived a perfect life, had a perfect and beautiful mother, and now .
.
.
now she'll know how it feels when I crave my mother's presence.
Darcy's stomach does a back-flip.
How could she think that?
How could she ever be so cruel to think such things about her best friend?
"You came."
Darcy turns around quickly to find Carla alone, a strange sight to her.
Darcy has grown so used to seeing Carla and Gemma attached to the hip, and it slightly worries her to see that they're currently not.
Carla's ringlets are braided tightly to keep her hair from sticking up everywhere, clad in a black silk blouse and a pencil skirt.
She takes Darcy's hand and pulls her away from the crowd now gathering in the lobby, bringing her to a quieter spot.
"How are you?
What happened after we separated?
How are your mum and dad?"
Darcy asks, letting go of Carla's hand and touching her side to make sure her wand is still there.
"I've been thinking of you."
"Mum and dad are fine," Carla smiles reassuringly, but it fades just as quickly as it had come.
"Gemma and I made it back to the tent, and we hid in the forest with the others until everything passed."
Darcy pauses.
"How's Gemma?"
"Gemma's been staying at mine for a few days.
She took some time off work right after it happened and I .
.
.
I thought she was going to drink herself to death."
Carla laughs softly, shaking her head, and Darcy notices her eyes are wet and stinging.
"She's been taking it really hard."
Darcy frowns.
She had hoped that Gemma might be here to offer words of comfort, or even just a cigarette.
"Is she here?"
"Somewhere.
Sulking, most like," Carla says quietly, taking Darcy's hand again and leading her away from a group of solemn looking older men and women.
"She was horrified after everything happened.
She swears she didn't know about any of it.
She's afraid that .
.
.
that it might have been her parents that killed Emily's mother."
Carla exhales through her nose and purses her lips.
"I think she feels responsible, in a way.
I've been telling her all week that she can't blame herself, that we know who she really is, and she's not her parents.
I know Emily would never blame her for this."
Darcy wants to laugh out loud at this revelation, but bites it back.
It's a strange feeling, considering she hasn't laughed once since arriving at Lupin's.
"Gemma isn't responsible," Darcy sighs, running a hand through her hair and trying to fight back the tears that threaten to spill from her eyes.
"I am."
Carla blinks in surprise.
"What?"
she asks.
"How could you say that?"
Her voice barely louder than a whisper, Darcy tells Carla about Harry's dream.
Carla watches her with wide eyes the whole time, her brow furrowed as she thinks hard, looking absolutely dumbfounded.
Darcy doesn't think she has anymore tears to cry, but they come.
A single tear falls first, rolling down her cheek, and then more start falling until Darcy swipes at them angrily with the back of her hand.
"That doesn't make it your fault," Carla says, rubbing Darcy's arm and patting her cheek.
"You're so insistent upon blaming yourself for everything.
Darcy, we all thought You-Know-Who was gone, that it was all over.
How were any of us supposed to know that we'd see his sign again?"
Darcy watches a few more people filter into the funeral home, able to pick out the Muggles from the wizards and witches quite easily by their style of dress.
"I ran away," she confesses.
"I ran away like a coward.
But I couldn't go back to the Burrow.
I couldn't look them in the eyes after everything that happened .
.
.
I could barely look at Mr.
Weasley."
"Where did you go?"
But Darcy is under the impression that Carla already knows the answer.
When Darcy doesn't say anything further, Carla looks away.
"I don't think you're a coward.
I think you're one of the bravest people I've ever met."
"I'm not feeling very brave at the moment.
Just nauseous."
Darcy swallows the lump in her throat.
"I can't do this, Carla, I can't.
I'm not as brave as you think I am."
Carla laces her fingers with Darcy's, and they both give a slight squeeze.
"Just because you're afraid doesn't mean you can't be brave.
I'm sure you were scared shitless when you jumped down to the Chamber of Secrets."
She pulls gently at Darcy's hand and leads her to a back room, where the doors take them to the beautiful garden.
"Don't worry.
I'm here."
The weather is too perfect, too beautiful.
The sun shines down on the crowd of funeral-goers, all dressed in black, a slight breeze ruffling the colorful flowers and leaves around them.
At the front of all the chairs placed for guests is a handsome, brown, polished closed casket, a Muggle photograph of Mrs. Duncan and her family placed on top.
The wooden chair that Darcy sits on is uncomfortable, and she looks straight ahead with Carla on her left, and an empty chair on her right.
Darcy closes her eyes, listening to the buzz of soft-spoken conversation, wondering if her own parents were ever given a funeral.
Not likely, she thinks bitterly.
Not with Peter Pettigrew in hiding and Sirius in Azkaban.
Darcy can't imagine Lupin would have been able to scrape money together for a funeral, and Darcy can't imagine Aunt Petunia jumping at the opportunity to mourn for her sister and her freak husband, especially in front of their friends.
When Darcy starts to cry again, Carla wraps her fingers around Darcy's bicep and rests her cheek on her scarred shoulder.
Darcy covers her face, craving her mother's touch, her father's laughter, her mother's kisses, her father's hugs.
She wants Sirius' arms to wrap around her, holding her to his chest, kissing the top of her head.
"Darcy," Carla whispers.
"Look."
Darcy's eyes snap open and she looks to where Carla is pointing.
Even at a funeral, Gemma is dressed to impress, but she looks different, just like Emily.
In a floor-length, expensive looking black dress made of velvet that hugs her slight figure, Gemma's dark hair falls to her shoulders, as dark as ink.
If Gemma had looked tired before, it's nothing to how she looks now, reminding Darcy more of Lupin than anything.
The shadows under her eyes have grown more pronounced, and Darcy is in half a mind to ask Carla if Gemma has slept at all in the past week.
Though Gemma holds herself well, she doesn't carry herself with the same dignity and grace she usually does, and Darcy's eyes follow her all the way to empty seat on her right.
As soon as Gemma sits down, Darcy is overwhelmed with the smell of stale smoke and drink.
Darcy, Gemma, and Carla hold hands throughout the service.
While Darcy and Carla cry freely as Mr. Duncan, Emily, and other friends of Mrs. Duncan tell stories and read poetry and deliver heartfelt and touching eulogies, Gemma maintains a stony face.
Emily reads a poem that Darcy's heard before, and even through Emily's desperate sobs and sniffles, Darcy can't remember the poem being so beautiful.
Every so often, Emily glances over her paper at her friends towards the back, seemingly finding strength and courage at the sight of them.
After the service, Mr. Duncan and Emily help carry the casket back through the building, silent tears streaming down their cheeks.
As people begin to disperse, preparing to leave to follow the Duncans to the burial and, eventually, the wake, Gemma mumbles something about a cigarette and Carla wanders off to let them alone.
Darcy and Gemma find a quiet spot down the alley beside the funeral home and each light up a cigarette.
Darcy's hand trembles as she and Gemma smoke in silence.
Gemma doesn't speak until Darcy's halfway done with her cigarette, ashing it a little exuberantly, unable to control the shaking of her fingers.
"Can I ask you something?"
Gemma says.
Darcy takes a long pull off her cigarette.
"Sure."
"Did you .
.
.
see any unmasked Death Eaters at the World Cup?"
"No," Darcy answers honestly.
"I didn't see much of anything."
There's a long pause and Gemma puts a hand to her face.
For a brief moment, Darcy forgets her suffering and grief at the sight of Gemma looking so stricken.
She can't remember seeing Gemma looking so distressed before.
"Gemma, you don't even know that your parents were even there."
Gemma looks up at Darcy again, sneering, her beautiful and clever face suddenly terrifying.
"You don't think my parents were there?
You don't think they were there laughing at those Muggles?"
Gemma growls.
"You don't think my parents would pass up the opportunity to torture Muggles?"
Darcy puts her cigarette out, unsure of what to say, or even what Gemma wants her to say.
"I don't know your parents, but I do know that you're not like that."
And unable to stop herself, she mutters, "At least you still have both of your parents."
This is, apparently, the wrong thing to have said, and Gemma's face darkens.
Darcy remembers discussing Gemma's parents in the shade of a beech tree at Hogwarts, how calm she'd been, how accepting she'd been of her parents.
"You think I want parents like that?"
Gemma snaps at her.
"Your parents died fighting against the very things that my parents stand for.
Your parents died bravely and honorably, like the damn Gryffindors they were.
My mother and father love me very much, would do anything for me, but how can I look at them the same when we've all witnessed what being a Death Eater truly means?
How can I look at them knowing that either one of them could have possibly killed my best friend's mother?"
Gemma quickly lights another cigarette, puffing on it to calm herself down.
"What do you think they would say if they knew I was there?
At a funeral for a woman who married a Muggle?
The funeral for a woman they may have played a part in murdering?"
Darcy stares at Gemma, tears in her eyes.
"I'm sorry," she whispers.
"I didn't mean .
.
.
I only .
.
."
"I know, Darcy," Gemma sighs.
"I know."
She can't bring herself to tell Gemma about Harry's dream.
Everything seems so hazy and confusing to Darcy now.
The only thing she can really think to do is wrap Gemma in a tight hug, which Gemma returns, crying into Darcy's shoulder.
"I'm so, so sorry for your loss, Mr. Duncan," Darcy says, as he pulls her into a hug.
She falls into his chest, allowing him to cry softly into her hair for a few seconds before pulling away.
"I wish there was something I could do for you."
"You're a good girl, Darcy," he murmurs.
"Beth would have been glad you were here."
Mr. Duncan leads Darcy towards the stairs with a hand on her shoulder.
"I think Emily is in her bedroom, if you'd like to see her."
The moment she's been dreading all day.
She'd been relatively good at avoiding Emily today, not that it had been purposeful.
Emily had been quite busy during the funeral and much of the wake, but Darcy feels the best thing to do is to do as Mr. Duncan asks, as it's the least she can do for him.
So Darcy climbs the stairs slowly, adjusting her dress again and attempting to cover up the scars on her shoulder.
Without knocking, Darcy enters Emily's bedroom.
She's seated in the middle of her bed, flipping through a thick stack of photographs in silence.
Their eyes meet for a split second as Darcy closes the bedroom door behind her and shuffles forward a few steps.
Darcy searches for words of comfort to say, and realizes just then how absolutely terrible she is at this.
"The poem you read was beautiful," she says finally.
"It really suited your mother."
"You're the one who introduced me to it, remember?
When Gemma's grandmother passed, you recited it for us."
"Right," Darcy says, brought up short.
She sits at the foot of Emily's bed.
"Emily, I'm so sorry.
I should have done more—" "Stop," Emily snaps.
"Just .
.
.
please, stop."
She puts the photographs down on her bed and rubs her temples furiously.
Emily's eyes are still swollen from crying, her face lacking any color and seemingly gray, her hair slightly stringy up close.
Darcy doesn't even think she's wearing any makeup.
She looks hopelessly at Darcy, as if expecting answers to all of her unasked questions.
"How do you live with it, Darcy?
How am I supposed to live knowing my mother is dead?"
Darcy squirms uncomfortably, wishing Lupin had come with her.
No matter Emily's feelings towards him, Darcy knows he'd at least be able to give Emily some sound advice.
"Your mother may be gone, but she lives on in you," Darcy says.
"Just like my mother lives on in me."
She remembers what Lupin had told her all those months ago—a lifetime ago—when she'd confided in him her sorrow.
"The pain never really stops, but .
.
.
you learn to live with it."
"Mum didn't deserve that," Emily cries, rubbing her red-rimmed eyes.
"And neither did your parents, Darcy."
"Thank you."
They're quiet for a little while, appreciating each other's company.
Darcy's heart races, and she wants to be anywhere other than here—far away from this, away from death and suffering.
"I don't blame you," Emily rasps.
"We've been best friends for years, and I know that you're putting the blame on yourself, but it's not your fault."
She wipes away her tears delicately.
"I love you, Darcy."
Darcy smiles.
"I love you, too."
Emily sniffles, picking the photographs back up, looking at them carefully.
"Gemma says there's a war coming," she continues.
"She thinks there are only going to be more attacks, just like the one at the World Cup."
"If that's true, then you and your dad should get somewhere safe," Darcy replies, trying not to imagine Death Eaters killing Emily's Muggle father for a single reason—his lack of magic.
"I don't want you to know the pain of being an orphan."
"Dad can hide if he wants," Emily says again, a bit more confident.
"But I'm not hiding.
I'm not going to run away."
Darcy frowns.
"If there is a war coming, I'm going to fight."
Emily pauses, letting her tears fall.
"I'll fight for mum, for your parents—for all the people who were never given the chance."
Something in this sentiment stirs something inside of Darcy.
Nodding, despite Emily not looking at her, Darcy feels anger overpower the grief she's been feeling—anger towards the Death Eaters, anger towards the world.
She thinks of her mother, who had died to protect her children.
She thinks of Harry, how she would die to protect him.
She thinks of her father, who had died to give his family more time, who had been brave to the point of recklessness.
I am my mother's daughter.
Darcy nods shortly again, her voice steady for what seems like the first time in a week.
"Me too."
It's perfect.
Seated before a fire, her hair still wet from a shower, a hot plate of dinner in her lap, seated on the sofa.
And beside her, Lupin, his finished dinner set on the low table in front of them, along with her empty wine glass.
He reads aloud to her, poems from a book he'd found at the bottom of his dresser.
Darcy puts her plate on the table and picks up her camera.
Lupin doesn't even stop reading as she takes a picture of him.
When he finishes the poem, he closes the book and looks at Darcy, who's shaking the photograph the camera has just spit out.
Darcy smiles weakly at him.
"I wish we could do this every night," she murmurs.
"We could."
The prospect is tempting, and when the photograph appears, she notices the corners of the picture-Lupin's lips are turned upwards mid-sentence.
She shows him quickly and puts it on the table, along with her camera.
"What will you do when I'm away?"
she asks, curling up at his side and resting her head against his shoulder.
"Miss you," he answers playfully, but Darcy can tell by the strain in his voice that he's still wary of her emotions.
"Think of you, ache for you .
.
.
maybe look at the only photograph I have of you."
For the past week she's done nothing but avoid conversation, avoiding anything that would involve some kind of action, and now she regrets not doing more with him.
Tomorrow, she'll be at Hogwarts, and Lupin will be here, far away from her, and when she falls asleep, she won't have anyone to hold her.
Lupin leans back into the sofa and puts his feet up on the coffee table, pulling Darcy closer to him.
With her cheek against his chest, she can hear the steady beating of his heart.
"Why did you fight in the last war?"
she asks.
He hums and clears his throat, thinking for a moment.
"I suppose .
.
.
it was the right thing to do."
"That's all?
You didn't have something to fight for?"
"Darcy," Lupin laughs sweetly, "I didn't have anything to fight for.
I had nothing to lose, so I decided to fight because I knew it was right, and my friends were doing it."
Darcy lets this soak in.
It's not quite as romantic an answer as she had hoped, but it's an answer nonetheless.
"Do you think there will be another war?"
"It's hard to say," Lupin answers slowly.
"If there is, I want to fight," Darcy says.
"Just like my mum and dad fought.
I'll fight with you this time."
"As if you don't give me enough to worry about," Lupin teases, giving her a squeeze.
Darcy looks up into his face and sees the concern etched deep in it.
"Now I'll have to worry about you fighting in a war that may or may not come."
"You shouldn't worry," Darcy whispers, kissing his jaw lightly.
He lifts his head to expose his neck to her, and she places more soft kisses around the collar of his shirt.
"You'll be there to protect me."
"As if you need protection," he mumbles as Darcy continues to kiss up his neck.
"But you'll protect me anyway, won't you?"
"You know I will."
Lupin sighs when she kisses the tender spot just below his ear.
"Or die trying."
She stops kissing him for a moment, inches from his face, looking into his eyes.
"Don't say that," she says.
All of a sudden, everything seems so real—people can die at any moment, without expecting it, without having a clue of knowing.
"I can't .
.
.
don't say that."
"Everyone dies, Darcy," he replies breathlessly, lowering his gaze to her lips.
"When I die, I want it to be on my own terms.
If I die knowing that you're safe and loved, then I will certainly die a happy man."
"And I'd soon follow, surely due to a broken heart."
"You're flattering me."
Darcy captures his lips in a bruising kiss, and Lupin returns it with a ferocity that's half-unexpected.
He moves quickly, repositioning himself to face her.
Darcy flashes him a genuine smile as he breaks apart from her to pull his shirt over his head.
Darcy lays back on the sofa, admiring him for a moment.
"I love you," she whispers, the sight of him hovering above her making her slightly dizzy.
She reaches up to drag a finger down his chest.
"Do you know that?"
He kisses her hard, pulling away once again to settle himself comfortably between her legs, his long fingers curling inside the waistband of her trousers, ready to pull them down.
There's a wicked smile on his face that makes him look only a boy.
"I know.
""Wake up, love."
Lupin places a soft kiss on her shoulder, his lips brushing against the raised scars that mar her skin.
Darcy stirs, not wanting to ever leave the comfort of his arms.
She can feel his heart beating, his chest pressed against her back, his fingers tracing lazy circles on her bare stomach.
His other arm, tucked underneath her head, helping to hold her in place against him, their legs entwined beneath the blankets.
Darcy opens her eyes an inch, the sunlight nearly blinding her.
Her belongings are still strewn across the floor, clothes that had been unceremoniously thrown on the ground as they'd stumbled into the bedroom last night.
Her trunk is wide open, revealing the mess inside, still needing to be packed for her return to Hogwarts today, and Max's cage is still empty, awaiting his return from a long night of hunting.
Darcy hears a sleepy hoot from the other side of the bedroom and feels suddenly much more at ease knowing Max is back.
She sighs, closing her eyes again as Lupin kisses just behind her ear, making chills run down her spine.
She grabs at the hand that's splayed across her stomach and laces their fingers together, burying her face in her pillow once more.
Everything is so uncertain.
A few months ago, Darcy had been delighted at the idea of returning to Hogwarts, even under Snape's watchful eye.
The idea of returning to Hogwarts with Harry was something she couldn't pass up, but that was before she'd known how it feels to have a true home—a place she feels welcome and wanted and loved, a place where she can wake beside Lupin, wake up to his kisses, to his arm draped around her, to his voice.
And while he has not asked her again directly to stay with him, to forego this opportunity not offered to many, Darcy knows he's been trying to convince her in other ways.
Every time he kisses her, he kisses her a little harder than she's used to.
Every time he touches her, he makes sure that his fingers brush the places she likes to be kisses best.
These moments test her, make her long to stay with him, and she almost caves sometimes, especially last night, when his fingers had been tangled in her hair, the other hand on the small of her back.
Over the slapping of flesh, Lupin had tugged gently on her hair in order to raise her head.
He'd kissed the nape of her neck, murmuring affectionate words into her sticky skin—how beautiful she is, how lovely and wonderful, and over and over and over again, I love you I love you I love you, until Darcy had cried out for him in the darkness, her legs shaking violently and her knees weak and sore from kneeling on the mattress.
Maybe a week ago, Darcy would have changed her mind.
Maybe a week ago, before the Quidditch World Cup, Darcy would have decided to stay with Lupin—or would she?
Now, she knows she cannot stay.
Not after knowing the vague details of Harry's dream, of Voldemort's desire to kill her little brother, of Peter Pettigrew's fervent loyalty (or is it mere cowardice that drove Peter to his old master?)
to Voldemort.
If Gemma is right, and there are more attacks, who's to say Hogwarts will not be one of the places the Death Eaters choose to storm?
The very place were both Potter siblings will be—the perfect place to lay siege, or attempt to.
How would it be if, while Death Eater stormed Hogwarts, she was lying in bed with Lupin, fucking him instead of protecting her brother?
Darcy inhales and exhales through her nose loudly and deeply, squeezing his hand again.
She doesn't want to move ever again, wants to feel this warmth and safety every moment of every day for the rest of her life.
Gemma's right—fuck what Sirius has to say, what Mr. Weasley has to say, whatever anyone has to say.
No one will ever be able to tear her away from him—not her Remus, the man who has shown her love that Darcy never thought possible.
She rolls over in his arms, kissing one of the love bites on his chest—his skin is littered with them, small bruises that, when she's gone, will remind Lupin that he's hers.
She shuts her eyes again, nuzzling into his chest, the sun beating on her exposed back through the window.
Lupin hooks his arm underneath her own, lining his fingers up with the scars on her shoulder.
He settles his cheek against the top of her head, moaning softly.
"You should start getting ready," he whispers, his voice tired and hoarse.
"You don't want to make a bad impression on your first day."
"I have hours until I need to be there," Darcy says, opening her eyes a tiny big again to look into his face.
There's a smile on his face, a tired smile, that makes her insides squirm.
"Let me at least look at you for a little while longer."
"All you ever do is take pictures of me," he teases, brushing the tip of his nose against Darcy's before kissing the corner of her mouth.
"Is that not good enough for you?"
Darcy shakes her head slightly.
"No," she replies, giving him a small smile in return.
"Of course pictures aren't as good as the real thing."
Lupin is quiet for a moment, looking down at her.
His eyes flick from Darcy's own to her lips, to her shoulder, to her exposed chest, back to her eyes.
"You know I have to ask," he breathes.
"Or beg, more like.
Please stay with me, Darcy."
"I'll visit as much as I can," Darcy sighs, touching his face, her thumb brushing over his rough cheek.
"Every weekend—or until you get tired of me."
"How could you think I would ever tire of you?"
Darcy smiles fondly, kissing him.
They eat breakfast together, wearing the least amount of clothing possible to keep them somewhat modest, and Darcy cherishes the simple intimacy, the shy smiles and comfortable silence between them as they watch a news program on the television.
The past night has been something out of a dream—something perfect to distract her from everything that's happened, and yet Darcy still feels weighed down by guilt and sorrow, her shoulders heavy from carrying the burden of knowing it was my fault.
Emily may not believe it, but Emily is grieving—she didn't know what she was talking about.
Despite sleeping for hours and hours and hours all week (restlessly, due to her nightmares deciding to make a very sudden comeback), Darcy is exhausted in every possible way.
Cruel thoughts creeps up every so often about Emily's mother, leaving her disgusted with herself.
Emily will finally be able to understand, the voice says, her voice, which makes it even worse.
Darcy doesn't mention these thoughts to Lupin, afraid he will think her cruel and hurtful.
And just like so many years ago, when her own parents had died, feelings of resentment flood her on occasion.
This is what she's always wanted—what she's dreamed of—to wake next to someone she loves, to fall asleep curled up on someone's chest, to be kissed and held and loved.
And she wishes she were someone else—someone with the ability to choose her own happiness over her brother's, someone who doesn't have a brother who needs her, because—despite what everyone says—Darcy knows that Harry does need her.
Her stomach churns each time she thinks of staying with Lupin, of finally giving in to him, but at the cost of her brother.
And Darcy is forcibly reminded of her conversation with Mr. Weasley at the Leaky Cauldron, a conversation long forgotten after the World Cup.
If I had just thrown myself in front of Harry, as our mother did, she thinks, feeling the urge to cry again, maybe I would have died, and maybe a quick end would have been better than a lifetime of suffering and indecision.
Darcy looks at Lupin, sighing heavily.
He lowers his fork, seemingly sensing something coming.
"I'm sorry about Mr. Weasley," she says awkwardly, not wanting to jump right into a conversation about whether or not she should have died for Harry, or to save herself years worth of pain.
"I didn't realize he'd track you down or show up on your doorstep."
"How much did you hear?"
Lupin asks gently, frowning and looking incredibly apologetic.
"All of it."
He nods slowly.
"I went to the Ministry with Mr. Weasley a few weeks ago," she says.
"Just for the day .
.
."
She recounts to him her day with Mr. Weasley, her meeting with Ludo Bagman, her reunion with Emily and the unwarranted jealousy she'd felt at the sight of Emily laughing with Tonks.
She tells Lupin about Rita Skeeter approaching her and how Mr. Weasley had found out about she and Lupin.
Quietly, shamefully, Darcy also tells him about Mr. Weasley chastising her in his office and, at this, Lupin rubs his face exasperatedly, running his hands through graying hair.
And then Darcy's voice softens as she explains that, although Mr. Weasley had been angry with her, he hadn't seemed inclined in the slightest to lay hands on her.
"I'm sorry," Lupin says, shaking his head.
In a matter of seconds, his demeanor changes, and he covers his face with his hands, groaning.
"I'm sorry—Darcy, you shouldn't—we shouldn't—" "We shouldn't what?"
Darcy asks softly, looking into his face as he lowers his hands.
He continues to give her that apologetic and guilty look.
Darcy feels the sudden urge to be sick, and suddenly wishes she were anywhere but here.
She lowers her voice and looks down into her lap.
"If you don't want me to be here, just say so, and I'll go."
"No—no, not at all," Lupin says quickly, pleadingly.
"Stay."
She hesitates, wondering if she should say the very thing she wants to say next.
Part of her is worried about his answer, but Darcy has already heard Mr. Weasley tell her, to her face, that Aunt Petunia was right.
That's the worst answer she could have received, isn't it?
"When I went back to Privet Drive, after I had stayed here, Aunt Petunia told me something," Darcy begins, watching his face very closely for any sign of reaction.
"She said that men would always take an interest in me in our world, especially men who knew my mother.
A freak, she called her."
Lupin's jaw clenches.
"I will not let you leave for Hogwarts believing I only care for you because I knew your mother."
"But you think it's true?"
Darcy asks, and Lupin shifts uncomfortably in his seat, rubbing the back of his neck and grasping for words.
"Tell me the truth."
He tenses, looking back at her.
Lupin's face seems to harden.
"The truth," he repeats, and Darcy raises her eyebrows and nods.
"Fine, then.
The truth is .
.
.
of course it's true, Darcy.
You are naive to believe otherwise."
"Don't say that—" "Ludo Bagman seems very taken with you already, from what you've told me," Lupin continues bitterly.
"And Severus seems to give you quite a bit less snide than everyone else—" These words sting more than they should.
"Please stop."
"You're so young, so beautiful, so desirably, with access to Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, but so easily tempted by affection and attention, and men will use that to their advantage, always," Lupin finishes, ignoring her small plea to stop.
"It's a game to them, Darcy, and getting into your good graces is the end goal."
She had asked for the truth, and she can't say Lupin hasn't delivered on that promise.
But his blunt honestly still hurts her, because he's validating everything she's been afraid of, everything she doesn't want.
"I told Aunt Petunia you were our teacher last year," she whispers.
"She remembered you.
She guessed that you'd taken to me quickly."
"How could I have not?"
Lupin asks, his tone a bit softer.
"You took to me because of your parents, too—because I had known them.
Your parents are what brought us together, but they aren't what's keeping us together."
His cheeks turn faintly pink and he looks away from her, towards the television.
"I need you to know that this isn't a game to me.
I care about you, very much so, and—as much as I want this .
.
.
if this is going to ruin you, I .
.
.
I don't want to add to your growing list of troubles."
"You—this—it's not going to ruin me.
Please don't say that."
"It will in the end."
Darcy looks at him for a long time.
"We have a very long time until then."
Lupin doesn't answer her, and they both avoid each other's eyes for a few moments.
Then Darcy remembers something else she'd wanted to ask him.
"Do you think it was too much to expect of me to shield Harry from Voldemort's curse?"
Lupin looks incredulous, turning his face to look at her in the face.
"You were barely five-years-old," he scoffs.
"No one would have expected that of you.
You could have died."
Darcy doesn't look away from him, and Lupin's expression seems pained.
"I know what you're thinking," he rasps, and Darcy believes that he does.
"The feeling of losing everyone you care about in one night was the the hardest thing I've ever known , and the pain of knowing what I am .
.
.
the pain of the transformations, the pain of being alone .
.
.
I used to wish I'd have died when I was bitten.
If I had just bled out, I would never have to know pain like this."
It momentarily stuns her into silence, how well Lupin seems to understand her, without her having to even explain herself.
Never has she known someone to be able to relate to her on such a level—not even Harry.
Of course Darcy has always thought of his feelings, but has never considered the possibility that he could be hurting just as badly as she does.
"And now?"
Darcy asks, unsure if she's ready for his answer.
"Now .
.
."
Lupin pauses, pursing his lips and thinking hard.
"More recently, in fact, I feel as if living is much more preferable to the alternative.
I have a roof over my head, money in my vault .
.
.
and lovely woman who shares my bed."
Darcy smiles at him sadly.
"Come here."
She obliges, moving closer to Lupin.
He drapes an arm around her, holding her to his chest, and Darcy rests her head against his shoulder, closing her eyes.
Is it possible all of her pain and suffering have been worth it?
That being here now, with him, to know a man's touch and kindness and love .
.
.
Darcy is overwhelmed with gratitude, thankful that Lupin is at her side, grateful that he hasn't chosen someone else.
And if it does ruin her in the end, as he insists it will, Darcy thinks it'll all be worth it, as well.
These little moments, when her heart leaps with love—his kisses and smiles and laughter—are surely worth the heartbreak that may or may not come later in life.
Let me have this one thing, she begs, unsure of who she's really addressing.
Please don't take this one thing away from me.
Eventually, as time slips away, Darcy knows she cannot put off leaving any longer.
She allows Max a head start after he pecks at Lupin's fingers ("Max!
No!
What did I tell you about that?
"), and gives Darcy a cuddle.
He flies off into the distance, and Darcy watches until he disappears into the sky.
Lupin helps her pack, and they both refrain from using too much magic; Darcy only does it slowly to prolong the time they have together, and she begins to feel nervous about returning to Hogwarts again—about seeing Snape again, who she knows will probably not be as fond of her as he once was after the events at the beginning of summer.
But she is excited to see Harry and Carla, and even Ron and Hermione and Fred and George—the people she's missed dearly the past week.
And only then does she remember something.
"Gemma wants to meet with us," Darcy tells Lupin as she pulls out some photographs and flips through them.
"Can you make it into Hogsmeade in two weeks?"
"But that's—" "I know it'll be close to the full moon.
She promised to bring a large supply of your potion."
Lupin thinks for a moment.
"All right."
Darcy holds out a photograph for him, the photograph of her sleeping that Lupin had taken weeks ago.
"For you," she smiles.
"So you don't forget what I look like."
He takes it with a toothy grin.
"It'll go nicely with my collection."
With her things completely packed and a few hours to go until the Hogwarts Express arrives at the station, Darcy checks her watch and sighs.
Part of her can't understand why it feels like she's leaving forever when, if she wants, she can return in just a week.
But it does feel like she's leaving forever, leaving the life she could have, the life she wants, for a life she is having serious doubts about now.
Why are choices so hard?
Why can't she ever be confident about a choice she makes?
Lupin walks her out to the front of the cottage, watching her from the threshold as she prepares to Disapparate.
"I'll see you soon, Darcy," he says, leaning against the door frame.
"I'll see you soon."
Darcy hesitates, looking at the scene painted before her eyes.
In another life, she wouldn't be leaving—she'd be returning to this every night, never sleeping alone.
Darcy puts her trunk and the empty cage down, closing the distance between them and wrapping her arms around his middle.
"I'll see you this weekend."
She takes a few steps backwards, grabs hold of her things, and turns on the spot.
Hogsmeade looks more or less the same as she remembers it.
She's always preferred the look of it around Christmastime—the roofs heavily laden with pure white snow, decorated Christmas trees in the shop windows, the tantalizing comfort and coziness of the nearby pubs and small shops.
There are a few people already meandering down the High Street, some with shopping bags, others talking excitedly, heading into the Three Broomsticks for a drink.
It's cooler and breezier here than it had been at Lupin's, and Darcy is grateful that the carriages are already waiting by the station.
The thestrals paw at the ground—eerie looking horses with dragon-like features like their sinewy wings and the lack of horse hair covering their black bodies.
One of them looks right at Darcy, and she wonders, for an instant, if Emily has ever been able to see them before.
Darcy's always been able to see the thestrals, and it never became a topic of conversation, as Darcy assumed everyone could see them.
It hadn't been until her sixth year, when Carla had started preparing for her .
.L.
in Care of Magical Creatures that she'd mentioned in passing about thestrals only being visible to those who had witnessed death.
She and Darcy had been alone in the library, and Darcy hadn't answered, but the newfound knowledge had given her chills.
Darcy looks around, searching for a sign of someone, but she's quite alone.
Even Hagrid is nowhere to be seen, and so Darcy clambers into the carriage.
As soon as she sits, the thestral begins to move, carrying her up the sloping drive towards the castle.
It's a silent ride, except for the rumbling of the carriage's wheels and the snorting of the thestral; Darcy's trunk rumbles and the empty owl cage rattles, giving Darcy a headache.
She leans back in her seat and remembers this time last year—sharing a carriage with Lupin, exchanging awkward smile each time they were caught looking at each other.
Now, she's alone, and it only works on her nerves.
Upon reaching the front doors of the castle, Darcy drags her things out of the carriage, for some reason reaching out and stroking the thestral's neck.
The sky overhead has begun to darken, threatening rain, and the wind begins to pick up when Darcy steps inside.
She has to admit, it's a little spooky to be inside Hogwarts with little to no one around.
The cavernous walls and ceiling seem larger than usual with no students to fill the corridors, and to not hear chatter and laughter from the Great Hall unsettles her, and Darcy wonders where to go from here.
As the rain starts to pour down outside, Darcy takes a few steps closer to the marble staircase, realizing how strange it will be to not be staying in Gryffindor Tower.
As she places a foot on the marble staircase, quick foosteps come hurrying towards her, and Professor McGonagall approaches—not from the above floor, but from the corridor that leads down to Snape's dungeon classroom.
Darcy lowers her trunk to the floor and smiles in spite of herself; McGonagall gives her a very thin, weak smile back and waves her wand, causing Darcy's trunk and Max's cage to levitate.
"Come, Potter," she says swiftly, making her way up the staircase.
"I'll show you to what will be your home until June."
Darcy follows, taking the steps two at a time to keep up.
"I heard about what happened at the Quidditch World Cup," McGonagall continues, looking sideways at Darcy.
"Is she doing all right?"
Darcy swallows noisily, looking at her feet.
"Emily will be all right."
"And you?"
Feeling a rush of affection for Professor McGonagall, Darcy smiles at her, tucking her hair behind her ear.
"I'm fine."
The rest of their walk is silent, until Professor McGonagall stops in front of a large portrait portraying an elderly couple playing cards, the background looking very hazy with multi-colored pipe smoke.
The couple looks down at McGonagall as she gives what Darcy assumes is a password.
At once, the portrait opens just like the Fat Lady does, and Darcy steps over the threshold in wonder as her belongings follow her inside.
"I'll see you at the feast, Potter.
It's good to see you back."
Professor McGonagall leaves her, the portrait shutting behind her.
Her trunk and Max's cage sit at the entrance as Darcy looks around the room, half-amazed.
The room is beautiful—more beautiful that it has any right to be—more beautiful than Darcy had expected.
It's almost slightly bigger than Lupin's own home, with almost the same layout as the hidden apartment in the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom's office.
There's a large fireplace, bookshelves built into the walls, dusty and empty.
Opposite the fireplace is a small kitchenette, more counter space than Lupin had been given, with a large sink in the middle of it all.
There's a table with four dining chairs set around it, a slightly worn sofa and coffee table before the fireplace.
Towards the back is a bedroom, the bed much larger than what she's used to, and a tiny bathroom off the side.
It's impressive and freeing to be able to call this space her own, and somehow intimidating.
The only space she has ever been able to call her own is the guest bedroom at Privet Drive, and even that hadn't been hers alone for that long, with Harry in and out of it and Darcy being shunted into Harry's room when Marge would come to visit.
She wonders how many rooms like this are hidden throughout the castle, how many portraits are hiding secrets behind them.
Slowly, still a bit overwhelmed, Darcy begins to unpack her things.
She takes out all the photographs she'd brought with her, putting them into the nightstand drawer, except for three of them—the unmoving picture of she and Lupin, she and Harry, and she and all her friends on the last day of school are propped on the mantle above the fireplace.
Halfway through unpacking her clothes, she hears the portrait hole creak open again and exits the back room with her arms full of books, her heart leaping at the sight of Dumbledore brushing his robes off casually.
"Professor Dumbledore," Darcy says quickly, putting the books on the shelf without bothering to sort them, and she blushes fiercely as his bright blue eyes are drawn to the pictures on the mantle.
"I hope I'm not interrupting," he smiles, looking back into her face.
"I just wanted a quick word before the school year official begins.
Is this a bad time?"
"No," Darcy answers, and Dumbledore takes a few steps closer, seating himself on the sofa.
He sits up straight and motions for her to follow his lead.
Darcy sits beside him, putting some distance between them.
"I hope you're satisfied with your living arrangements?"
"Very much," Darcy sighs happily, looking around her again.
"Thank you, sir."
Dumbledore looks at her for a long time, his gaze making her feel small, a very familiar look.
She keeps her mouth shut, unsure of what he's going to say—so many things rush through her head—Snape, Lupin, the Quidditch World Cup.
"I was very sorry to hear about Miss Duncan's mother," he finally says quietly and Darcy feels her stomach knot.
"I have to admit that the presence of the Dark Mark at the World Cup has unsettled me."
Darcy, thinking of Harry's dream, decides to say nothing.
Harry had been so adamant about not telling Dumbledore his scar hurt, but what if he had just said something?
However, the idea of confessing to Dumbledore that she had known something would possibly happen makes her ill—surely Dumbledore would blame her, would know it was her fault, would think her a coward.
"I have not come to chastise you, Darcy," Dumbledore tells her quietly, his lips turned upwards.
"I know that you have been through a lot in the past few months, and I also know that you have been taken better care of this summer than you have before."
At this, he smiles in earnest.
"Imagine my surprise when, just a week ago, I received an urgent owl from Arthur Weasley, politely demanding the location of Remus Lupin's own home."
"And you just .
.
.
gave it to him, sir?"
"You had just been through the terrible ordeal at the World Cup and disappeared without letting anyone know where you were going," Dumbledore replies, frowning.
"You were missing after the Dark Mark had been sighted for the first time in years.
Of course I told Arthur where he could find Remus.
Next time, Darcy, at least tell someone where you are going before you just go."
"I didn't mean to run off, sir, I just—I couldn't go back to the Burrow.
I couldn't be around all of them.
I couldn't."
Darcy hesitates, looking up at the photograph of she and Harry.
"I've been thinking about mum and dad a lot."
"Naturally."
Dumbledore waits for her to continue, but Darcy doesn't say anything further.
"I would like to ask something of you .
.
.
a simple request, and nothing more."
"What is it, Professor?"
"Given recent events, I think it necessary for you to be on your guard and stay alert.
Keep an eye out for anything out of the ordinary, and .
.
.
as always .
.
.
keep an eye on Harry."
Darcy blinks, sitting up straighter, her hands in her lap.
"Gemma .
.
.
my friend .
.
.
thinks there's going to be another war," she says, narrowing her eyes at Dumbledore's lack of reaction.
"Remus says it's hard to say.
Do you think another war is coming, sir?"
Dumbledore thinks for a moment.
Darcy is under the impression that Dumbledore isn't telling her exactly what he thinks when he answers, "I'm afraid Remus is right.
It is very hard to say."
He sigh and smiles, getting to his feet.
Darcy stands with him.
"I'll see you at the feast, Darcy.
I've taken enough of your time already."
She watches Dumbledore cross the room to the door before one more thing occurs to her that she'd rather ask now, in private.
"Professor Dumbledore," she calls out, and he stops, turning around and smiling at her.
He waits patiently for her to speak, his hands held behind his back.
"Has Professor Snape said anything to you about me?"
He gives her a disappointed look and Darcy blushes again.
"You should not have said those things to Professor Snape, Darcy."
"I meant everything that I said," she whispers, anger bubbling inside of her again at the thought of Snape.
"I hate him—" "And yet you are still here, still willing to work with and for him."
"I didn't have a choice, sir."
"Of course you have a choice," Dumbledore says.
"You chose to return, and it would be wise not to test Professor Snape's patience while you are here .
.
.
he is not known for it.
He has, however, done you a kindness by allowing you to return as his apprentice."
"Yes, sir."
Dumbledore leaves her at that, but Darcy only feels worse.
It's her own fault for sabotaging her working relationship with Snape (would there ever have been a normal working relationship between them?
), but it's Snape's fault in the long run.
Snape was the one who ruined everything—who forced her godfather to go back into hiding, living on the run far away from Darcy.
Snape was the one who outed Lupin, potentially ruining his life.
It's funny, she thinks, seeing as she's no longer a student, but she's never dreaded a Potions lesson mor.
t's odd to be looking down at the scene.
Students file into the Great Hall, smiling and laughing and glad to be back, though most of them look exhausted after the long train ride.
She sees Carla walk in with two Hufflepuff girls, and she waves at Darcy before taking a seat at one of the elongated tables.
Harry, Hermione, and Ron follow her inside, all flashing her bright smiles.
The sight of them reassure her, especially the sight of her little brother, looking proudly up at Darcy as he takes his seat at the Gryffindor table.
Darcy glances down the staff table, eyeing the empty chair that Lupin had occupied last year, and she catches Hagrid's eye, grinning at him before looking back at the empty seat.
Professor Snape hadn't told her who the new teacher was going to be, only told her that she'd soon find out.
"Stop that," Snape hisses in her ear.
Darcy's leg stops bouncing.
Three times now he's asked her to stop shaking her leg, but she doesn't even realize that she's doing it.
"Sorry," she replies breathlessly, her mouth hidden behind her hands.
"I'm so nervous."
Snape doesn't answer.
She takes this time to give him a sideways look, looking him over before he realizes she's staring.
He looks the same as the last time she had seen him: ugly, greasy, hook-nosed, and menacing, glancing up and down the length of the Slytherin table with cold, black eyes.
Perhaps it's because all the eyes are on them now, and the fact that Dumbledore is seated very close by, but Darcy is surprised by Snape's behavior towards her.
Since they'd met again in the entrance hall, Snape has been—for lack of a better word—polite.
There is still a sharpness in his voice when he speaks, but nothing that suggests he's still angry about her yelling at him, when she had told him she hated him—which, of course, she still does.
Snape had even pulled her chair out for her at the table, something that had both surprised and impressed her.
Lupin's sentiment about Snape being fond of her reverberates in her head, and she quickly tears her gaze from him.
Looking up and down the staff table once more, Darcy can't help but feel incredibly out of place, incredibly inadequate seated beside all these fully-trained and qualified witches and wizards—to be seated at the same table as Albus Dumbledore, the greatest wizard to ever live, according to some, is an honor, but at the same time very intimidating.
She had given so much thought about returning and being with Harry, that Darcy had thought very little about the actual job over the summer.
She hadn't thought once about how students might receive her in classes, how odd it must be for everyone to see Darcy Potter seated at Snape's right side at the staff table.
When Professor McGonagall leads in a long line of soaking wet first years, Darcy smiles.
She remembers being that frightened-looking, all eyes upon her eleven-year-old self, trembling and watery-eyed.
Her stomach growls, however, as the Sorting Hat sings a song she barely hears—its songs of the qualities that define the four Houses become tedious after so many years, and Darcy starts to drift off, looking around the crowd of students listening raptly to the Sorting Hat.
Carla whispers to her friend and they share a hushed laugh.
Darcy feels the same churning in her stomach the day she'd seen Emily laughing with Tonks.
Darcy looks away quickly, observing the behavior at the Slytherin table, missing the presence of Gemma among the many other students, some of who glance at Darcy every so often.
She wonders if the absence of both Emily and Gemma will weight on Carla this year, or if she'll just continue on with her new friends and not worry about her old ones.
Darcy then looks at the Gryffindor table, picking out her three favorite Gryffindors quite easily.
Ron sits facing her and smiles, causing Harry and Hermione to shift and follow his line of sight.
She smiles back at the three of them, before the smile fades.
Darcy feels suddenly very lonely in this room full of people, feeling that having only Carla and a handful of thirteen- and fourteen-year-olds as her friends is quite sad.
Before the truth had come out in June, Darcy had envisioned Lupin being here, as well, sitting beside her at the staff table, able to spend time with her whenever she wanted company.
The Sorting takes a long time, and Darcy recalls the feeling of being swallowed by the hat for a few short seconds.
That's all it had taken for the Sorting Hat to decide where to place her, for as soon as it was comfortably on her head, it had shouted, "Gryffindor!"
Professor McGonagall had clapped loudly for her, as well as the rest of her fellow Gryffindors.
The majority of first years this year happen to be Ravenclaws, but Darcy can't help but thinking Gryffindor is a crowded House already.
When her stomach roars, she and Snape share an awkward look—his expression is more one of exasperation.
When the feast begins, Darcy finds she's lost her appetite.
She stares down at her empty plate, watching the other teachers load their own plates with piles of potatoes and meat and vegetables, steaming and delicious.
Everything is so real all of a sudden.
Darcy can hardly believe that she's here—at Hogwarts, eating Hogwarts food and sitting next to Professor Snape upon the dais.
Why had she wanted to come back so badly?
Why had this job tempted her so much?
How could she have willingly left Lupin in the threshold of his front door just to come live at Hogwarts?
Because Hogwarts is the only home I've ever known.
Because Harry is here.
Because I have to protect Harry.
Because all I'll ever be is Harry's big sister.
Because I'll never be able to be someone's .
.
.
what are we?
"Darcy," Snape says again, irritated.
Darcy looks up at him, just now realizing her leg is leaping, up and down and up and down and up and down.
She stops the bouncing of her leg again, breathing rather heavy.
"Stop doing that.
You're shaking the entire table."
"I think I'm freaking out," Darcy murmurs, unsure of what she expects Snape to do about it.
She wants Emily, or Lupin .
.
.
the two people who could talk her down from anything, and for the first time Darcy wonders how she'll make it a whole year without either of them.
I lived for twelve years without Remus, surely I can live without him always at my side.
But Emily, who has always been readily available whenever Darcy needs her, is a different story.
Darcy looks down at her hands, splayed upon the table, slightly sweaty.
Then, she looks at Snape again.
Instead of two of her favorite people in the world, Darcy will be spending a good part of the year with someone she loathes, despises, and the idea of that is not at all appealing, but it's too late to change her mind and tell Dumbledore she wants to go back home to Lupin.
"I can't do this," she says again.
"I can't."
Snape raises an eyebrow, eyes flicking down to her empty plate, looking almost amused.
"You play the part of a Gryffindor well when someone is holding your hand," he tells her, lowering his fork down to his plate.
He leans closer to her, glancing around at the other staff seated around them.
"Not so brave when Duncan isn't here to walk you down the corridors, are you?
Not so brave without Lupin to protect you?"
They stare at each other for a moment and Darcy frowns.
She doesn't dare cause a scene here in the Great Hall.
"You don't know anything about me," she growls, glad for the anger that Snape causes her, a distraction from her lonely thoughts.
"Still bitter about the loss of what I'm sure would have been a touching relationship with your felon godfather?"
Darcy leans in closer, lowering her voice.
"He's not a felon, and you know it," she hisses.
"The real killer is out there right now, thanks to you.
He's likely helping Voldemort orchestrate more Death Eater attacks—" She stops abruptly, realizing too late she's said too much.
Darcy quickly looks away from Snape, letting her next retort spill from her lips before she can stop herself.
"I bet you'd love to join them, wouldn't you?"
Snape tenses and Darcy thinks that, if they were alone, she likely would have received a smack on the face for her comment.
He doesn't say anything, but she knows she will pay for her remark eventually, when Snape is able to get her alone.
After a little while of silence, Snape sighs and dumps some roasted potatoes onto her plate.
"You have to eat something," he tells her, returning to his own dinner, not looking at her again.
She doesn't touch anything on her plate, and the food soon disappears to be replaced by dessert.
Darcy holds her head in her hands, not wanting to argue with Professor Snape, lacking the energy to even tell him how much she hates him.
She thought coming back to Hogwarts would make her happy and bring back the joy she'd always felt when she was a student returning to school.
But now she feels next to no joy—with half of her friends gone, with Lupin gone, it only makes her heart ache.
For years, she couldn't wait to grow up, to be an adult, out of school and flourishing in the world with her friends at her side.
Now she wishes she could be a student all over again, returning for her seventh year, carefree and smiling.
She wants to have dinner in the comforts of Lupin's apartments again, drink in abandoned classrooms and bathrooms.
How easy life had been, and Darcy never stopped to appreciate it.
She had always dwelled on lurking dangers and vague warnings, never able to fully appreciate those little moments she longs for now.
To be able to sit under the beech tree with Emily, Gemma, and Carla .
.
.
flipping through textbooks and finishing essays while having light conversation .
.
.
or to submerge herself in the prefect's special bath with Gemma, a glass of wine in one hand and a cigarette in the other .
.
.
it sounds like something out of a dream.
Why couldn't she have just taken one minute out of her day to be happy and at peace?
Why couldn't she have just brushed off the dangers like Harry has always been able to do?
Because I know what's at stake, especially now that Emily's mother is gone.
The first casualty of a war that no one can tell her is really coming or not.
Harry has never known loss to the degree Darcy has, and it shows.
Darcy had been just five when her mother was killed in front of her.
She was the one who'd been plagued with nightmares for years over it, cursed with the memory of it, and Harry had been so little and so tiny that it never affected him the way it had Darcy.
Harry had his sister to look after him, to take up the role of his mother where Aunt Petunia had refused to step in.
And while Darcy knows the loss of their parents has affected Harry, she can't help but to think: He doesn't know what it has done to me.
He'll never know the pain that loss has caused me.
Harry had had his first taste of near loss during his second year, and Darcy remembers looking down at Hermione's Petrified body with Harry and Ron at her side.
Darcy has always been fond of Hermione, and her being Petrified had shaken Darcy to her core.
Darcy had been too familiar with death and loss, much more familiar with the feeling than her brother or Ron.
They hadn't understood the severity .
.
.
they were only twelve, after all, naive and still children.
Darcy wants to believe that, had she been twelve at the time, she would have been the same—determined to solve the mystery, determined to cure Hermione, oblivious to what attacks on Muggleborns actually meant.
"Attacks on Muggleborns aren't new," Gemma had told her, a little while after Hermione had been Petrified.
"There will always be people out there who will see Muggleborns as filth, people who will call for the removal of them from society."
"Like you?"
Darcy had asked scathingly, still hurt after seeing Hermione.
But Gemma had only laughed.
"You think because I'm in Slytherin, I must hate Muggleborns on principle?
Where in all the Sorting Hat's songs was that core trait?
Best think about your own internalized prejudices, Darcy."
Gemma had been right, though.
The Quidditch World Cup proved that the Death Eaters were still out there, biding their time, still upholding their traditional values and not only attacking Muggleborns, but Muggles.
So engrossed in her own thoughts, Darcy doesn't realize that the desserts have disappeared, as well, and it isn't until there's a loud BANG!
does she look up, jumping near out of her seat.
The doors of the Great Hall have opened, and through them steps a man she's never seen before.
His appearance unsettles her—a clearly battle-hardened man with a wooden leg (she assumes, as each time he takes a step, there's a dull clunking sound against the floor), most of his nose is missing, and several long scars mar his face.
These scars are not like the faded things that Lupin carries, but deep gashes that make the man look almost grotesque, especially with the way his scraggly gray hair frames his round face.
But nothing startles her more than his eyes—one is completely normal, beady and dark and sweeping the Great Hall as he makes his way to the staff table, but his other eye makes her heart swoop, and Darcy momentarily forgets to breathe, feeling both disgusted and slightly curious.
The man's other eye is larger than the other, bright electric blue, and it moves separately from his normal eye, magically and non-stop, rolling up and down and side to side and into his head and off to the side, and it even lingers on Darcy for a few heartbeats.
The man continues to limp towards Dumbledore, quickly shakes the Headmaster's hand, and takes the empty seat at the staff table that should belong to Lupin.
Dumbledore continues brightly, addressing the students once more.
"May I introduce our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher .
.
.
Professor Alastor Moody!"
"What's wrong with him?
Where did Dumbledore find him?"
Darcy whispers in Snape's ear as Dumbledore keeps talking.
"Why is his eye like that?"
Snape looks at her, looking at her as if he had expected this reaction completely.
"Alastor Moody is an Auror, commonly known as Mad-Eye Moody."
"I can see that," Darcy breathes, bewildered still by the sight of him, but the name triggers something in her.
"Emily's mentioned him before."
And then something occurs to her that's even more unsettling than Moody's mad eye.
"But why has Dumbledore brought an Auror in?
He doesn't expect trouble, does he?"
"I don't think it's your place to question or demand answers of the Headmaster's staffing decisions," Snape replies shortly.
They meet eyes and pause while Dumbledore glances at them, reminding Darcy of McGonagall giving she and Emily a look during one of her classes, silently telling them to be quiet.
However, Dumbledore doesn't look half so severe.
In fact, he turns away almost immediately and continues.
"However, it seems applicants for the post were .
.
.
lacking."
"And you were one of them, I'm sure?"
Professor Snape scowls down at Darcy.
".
.
.
it is my very great pleasure to inform you that the Triwizard Tournament will be taking place at Hogwarts this year."
As the students erupt in conversation and laughter and disbelieving quips, Darcy uses the noise to keep her conversation going.
She moves her chair an inch closer to Snape, and he doesn't fail to notice.
"Is it true that people have died in the Triwizard Tournament?"
she whispers, suddenly very worried as she looks at all the happy faces on the students.
Carla, in particular, looks intrigued as she listens to Dumbledore give a brief history on the tournament.
"I met Ludo Bagman over the summer with Mr. Weasley and they said—" "Ludo Bagman?"
Snape interrupts, narrowing his eyes at her.
"You've spoken to Ludo Bagman?"
"Yes, I said that," Darcy replies slowly, annoyed that Snape has interrupted her.
"Once at the Ministry, when I visited over the summer, and twice at the World Cup.
He found me after .
.
.
everything."
She sighs, remembering Mrs. Duncan's beautiful face.
"Is that why Dumbledore has put an Auror in Hogwarts?
Because he's afraid people might die in the tournament?"
".
.
.
the heads of the participating schools, along with the Minister of Magic, have agreed to impose an age restriction on contenders this year," Dumbledore booms.
"Only students who are of age .
.
.
that is to say, seventeen years or older, will be allowed to put their names for consideration."
Dumbledore's words make Darcy's heart lighter, but they do not have the same effect on everyone else.
At once, the students from all four Houses erupt into shouts and yells.
Fifth and sixth year students look the angriest, but most seventh years look relatively smug amongst their fellows.
Carla still listens to Dumbledore with hungry eyes, and Darcy wants to take her by the shoulders and shake sense into her.
Darcy looks at Snape, bored with the uprising of students and looking immensely pleased when Dumbledore begins to quiet them.
Their hushed conversation has made Darcy feel suddenly very comfortable asking him such a question—if there is anyone in the world who will not sugarcoat answers for her well-being or lie to make her feel better, it is Snape, and under cover of Dumbledore's speech, Darcy leans in and asks him, "Professor, do you think there's a war coming?
Is that the real reason Professor Dumbledore has brought Moody here?"
Snape doesn't look at her, but absentmindedly rubs his left arm.
He looks slowly at her again, considering her with a much softer expression than normal.
Darcy waits, gripping the table, waiting for Snape to confirm her worst fears.
"Why would you think that?
Who has felt it necessary to fill your head with such things?"
Darcy purses her lips, wondering if it's a good idea to tell the truth or not.
But she remembers that Gemma was in Slytherin House, and surely Snape would believe her.
"My friend, Gemma, told me," Darcy whispers.
"And her parents are—" "I'm well aware of who and what her parents are," Snape retorts quickly.
"But I would not rely on the wishful words of an eighteen-year-old witch, especially one with an inclination towards gossip, like Miss Smythe."
"Why shouldn't I believe Gemma?
You think she's wrong?"
Darcy asks.
When Snape doesn't answer her, she persists, leaning closer and looking around.
Everyone's attention is held by Dumbledore, and Darcy feels it's as good a time as any to speak.
"Professor Dumbledore told me, just before the feast, that I should keep an eye out for anything out of the ordinary."
"What extraordinary advice."
When Dumbledore dismisses all the students for bed, a few linger to voice their anger, but as they file out, Darcy remains.
Carla catches her eye and waves before disappearing with the tide of Hufflepuffs.
Snape makes no move to leave either, and only a few other teachers have gotten to their feet—Hagrid gets to his massive ones.
He wanders over to Darcy and beams at her, but Darcy can only offer him a very forced smile.
"Darcy," she says with a slight nod.
"Happy to be back?"
"As happy as I can be."
Hagrid seems to sense her misery, and his smile falls.
"Why don' yeh come visit on Friday?
Could use some company after classes."
"Friday?"
Darcy repeats, squirming in her seat.
"That sounds wonderful, Hagrid, but .
.
."
She glances at Snape and then back at Hagrid, not wanting to reveal her plans to see Lupin in front of them and risk raised eyebrows and a scolding from Hagrid.
"Sure, I'll be there."
Both Darcy and Snape watch Hagrid leave the Great Hall.
When the staff table begins to clear in earnest, Darcy stands up and makes her way back to her apartments slowly, climbing the stairs one at a time.
It takes her a few minutes of muttering the password to random portraits before the correct one swings open.
To her surprise, a fire has been lit in the hearth, making the entire place seem much more cozy.
Darcy looks to the sofa, wishing Lupin were sitting there waiting for her to return, his nose buried in a book, or just waking up upon hearing the door creak open.
The photographs on the mantle are in the same position she had set them up in, and they make Darcy smile.
Despite it being relatively early, with thunder crashing and rattling the windows, and lightning brightening her modest bedroom, Darcy changes and crawls under the blankets, and it isn't long until she falls asleep.
Her dreams are jumbled, a mixture of happy feelings and terror—her mother crashing to Harry's bedroom floor, flashes of green light and the crushing sensation of something on her legs, Sirius holding her to his chest afterwards, helping Hermione pull Ron to the hospital wing knowing that Harry was likely about to die, the crunch of bones beneath her feet in the Chamber of Secrets, the vivid memory of handsome Tom Riddle, Sirius holding her in the Shrieking Shack and Darcy crying against his chest— Darcy wakes with a start, her heart beating a violent tattoo in her chest, her skin sticky with cold sweat, her mind racing, and out of instinct she reaches out with her hand to grab Lupin, but her fingers touch nothing but air.
Closing her eyes again, Darcy rolls over, hoping that when she opens them again, he will be there.
But upon opening them, the other side of Darcy's bed is still empty.
Loneliness consumes her suddenly and she curls up under her blankets, crying into her pillow.
She's never been so alone—always, she'd been able to sneak into Harry's room if need be to sleep beside him, or climb under Emily's covers in their dormitory, or more recently, wake from a nightmare with Lupin's hand on her arm or his arm around her, grounding her—reminding her that she's safe.
She cries for her mother and father, wanting to be reminded of the safety of her parents arms.
She cries for Sirius to come back, to take her into his arms and never let go.
She cries for Lupin, miles and miles away, likely sleeping soundly or aching for Darcy's presence, as well.
All she knows is that she doesn't want to sleep again, she wants someone beside her to hold her as she attempts to toss and turn during her restless sleep.
Darcy gets out of bed and looks out the window with her arms around her.
The stars are visible tonight, bright against the inky night sky.
She remembers Aunt Petunia trying to force her to say prayers before bed when she was young, when she had first started living with the Dursleys, claiming it would help her sleep.
But Darcy never prayed.
Even now, she can't find it in her to pray to someone who has always been indifferent to her suffering.
But now, Darcy almost considers it, desperate for anything to help her sleep.
The last thing she wants to do is wander down to Madam Pomfrey on her first night for something to ease her nightmares.
Darcy closes her eyes.
Please don't let them come again.
Haven't I suffered enough without having to relive it nearly every night?
It's a sorry excuse for a prayer and it doesn't make Darcy feel any better.
She thinks maybe getting drunk would be better, or a 'stress cigarette' as Gemma called it.
To be drunk would be a blessing, to be able to sleep through the night would be a blessing.
I can't do this, she thinks, but I must.
To be anywhere but here .
.
.
to be anyone but Darcy Potter .
.
.
would be a blessin.
ap-tap-tap.
"I'm awake .
.
.
I'm awake."
Tap-tap-tap.
"Go away!"
Tap-tap-tap.
"Fine—fine, I'm coming!"
Tap-tap-tap.
Darcy opens her eyes and lifts her head from her pillow.
The other half of her bed hasn't been disturbed, and when a shadow crosses the blankets, she lifts her eyes to the window to find the silhouette of her owl, Max.
Darcy rushes to the window, throwing it open and letting him in.
He doesn't have any letters or packages, but his presence alone makes her smile.
Only then does she remember she has things to do today and checks her watch.
Breakfast has already started, and Darcy dresses quickly and clumsily, throwing her robes on over her outfit, and upon looking at herself in the full-length mirror, she feels very out of place in her own body.
For seven long years, she had donned the standard Hogwarts school uniform beneath her robes, and Darcy slightly misses the ease of dressing in the mornings, not having to worry about what to wear.
As strange as it is, Darcy still feels rather attached to the uniform, seeing how she'd lived in it most of the year, had thought the gray sweater looked decent on her, had many adventures in that uniform, had not only dreamed of Lupin tearing at her tie and unbuttoning her blouse with an unnecessary ferocity, but lived it.
Max is fast asleep on the top of the shelving by the fireplace when Darcy leaves the room for breakfast.
Students are already seated at the tables, reading through the schedules already distributed by their Heads of Houses.
Carla is already there, drinking orange juice from her glass, poring over her schedule with a brown-haired seventh year boy.
Darcy looks away, taking her seat beside Professor Snape, and when she looks back towards the Hufflepuff table again, Carla is beaming at her and mouthing the word Potions!
while holding up her index finger.
Darcy can't help but to smile back—if there is one thing that will make her first day easier, it's being able to see Carla in the first class of term.
"You're late," Snape notes, his face hidden behind the morning's newspaper.
"I didn't sleep very well."
Darcy, having not eaten dinner the previous night, loads her plate with breakfast before it has the chance to disappear.
"Did an owl come with a paper for me?"
"Yes."
Professor Snape flips to the next page of his paper.
Darcy blinks, waiting for some elaboration, but he only continues to read.
"So, where is it?"
"You weren't here to receive it."
"You couldn't have spared a single Knut to pay the owl for me?"
Darcy stuffs her mouth full of food and glances at the back page of Snape's paper.
"Can I at least borrow the parts you're not reading?"
To Darcy's great surprise, Professor Snape obliges, handing her the front page.
Immediately upon seeing the picture below one of the smaller, shorter articles, Darcy's heart sinks.
She studies the photograph carefully, running her fingers over the tall shape of the Burrow in the background, watching Mr. and Mrs. Weasley shuffling uncomfortably in front of their home.
She skims the article quickly, the memory of crashing the flying car into the Whomping Willow almost fresh in her mind as the article drones on.
It's not particularly nice, either, but it's not as foul as it could be, and when Darcy spots Mad-Eye Moody's name in the next paragraph, she looks down the staff table.
"Mr. Weasley involved in a tussle with policeman?"
Darcy scoffs, giving her head a shake.
"Over aggressive dustbins?
That's outrageous .
.
.
'Once again raised a false alarm' .
.
."
She chances a glance down the staff table at Moody again, watching him sniff at a piece of half-eaten sausage speared on the prongs of his fork before shoving it in his mouth.
This alone seems to confirm her suspicions about him, but she asks Professor Snape in a low voice anyway, "Is Professor Moody a little .
.
.
er .
.
."
Snape lowers his newspaper to look at her with a raised eyebrow, before turning his gaze upon Moody, as well.
"Some say that half the cells in Azkaban are full of Dark wizards because of him," he muses quietly.
"He supposedly retired after the war, but .
.
."
Both he and Darcy watch as Moody nearly attacks Professor Sprout, who had done nothing but touch his shoulder without announcing herself beforehand.
"Well .
.
."
Snape finishes, looking back down at his paper, as if Moody's behavior has just answered Darcy's question.
"Retirement doesn't suit some people as well as it does others."
But Darcy is hardly listening anymore.
On the next page of the paper, another photograph jumps out at her forcibly—a photograph that makes her instantly want to cry.
It's an older picture—Emily must be only six or seven, sitting on her father's shoulders, his arm wrapped around the waist of a beautiful woman, his wife.
They're all smiling, looking up at each other with face full of love and adoration, and Darcy is reminded of the old photographs she keeps of herself and her parents from long, long ago.
This is a family who loves each other very much, a perfect family, a family that never deserved to feel the pain of losing a loved one, a family that never deserved to be broken just like Darcy's had.
Below the photograph, Darcy reads the headline, her heart beating quickly.
"Can I see that page?"
she asks, tearing it from Snape's hands before he has the chance to give it to her.
FAMILY GRIEVES DAILY PROPHET REPORTER KILLED AT QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP Tragedy struck Daily Prophet headquarters when Elizabeth Duncan, 42, Lead Sports Writer for the Daily Prophet was found dead after Ministry wizards found her body at the Quidditch World Cup.
Her body showed no signs of trauma, and Healers have determined Elizabeth to be the victim of the Killing Curse.
The Duncan family requests that donations be made in her name to St Mungo's Magical Maladies and Injuries in lieu of flowers.
Elizabeth Duncan is survived by her mother, Victoria Miller, 73; her siblings Anthony Miller, 44, Delilah Yocum, 40, and Sarah Miller, 37; her husband Thomas Duncan, 47; and their daughter, Emily Duncan, 18, who has just recently graduated from the prestigious Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
To read Elizabeth's obituary, contributed by her daughter, see page D2.
Darcy reads the article several times, a mixture of feelings rising inside of her.
The past week at Lupin's, Darcy hasn't read much of the Daily Prophet, busy sleeping and sulking and trying to avoid any news of other deaths.
The article makes guilt gnaw at her again, but the lateness of the announcement makes Darcy slightly wary.
Emily's mother had died just over a week ago—the funeral service had already come and gone.
She's glad Max has returned.
A quick and inquiring letter to Mr. Weasley might get her the answer she's looking for.
As much as she doesn't want to read Emily's mother's obituary, Darcy can't help herself.
Her curiosity gets the better of her, however, and she hastily switches papers with Professor Snape, snatching page D2 out of his hands before he has time to offer it to her.
Darcy finds the article quickly and begins to read, wishing Emily were with her.
DAUGHTER OF MURDERED JOURNALIST REMEMBERS HER MOTHER My mother was the most beautiful woman I've ever known.
Smart, and not only in a bookish way, but in the ways of the world, wise and dedicated to her family and friends and career, always hungry and eager for more knowledge, the best writer the Daily Prophet has ever had.
She was the best woman I'd ever known, and the woman I aspire to be.
I grew up with loving parents in a loving household, a luxury I now realize I have taken for granted for my entire life.
My mother doted on me, her only child, as mothers often do upon their children, buying me everything I required in order to properly express myself, whether it be art supplies or dancing lessons.
She never brushed me off whenever I expressed interest in a certain activity, showed such excitement when I showed early signs of magic, always made sure that I never felt out of place, that I always knew my worth as a woman in a world of men.
My mother contributed hundreds of articles to the Daily Prophet, and was the recipient of two Golden Quill Awards—once in 1979 and again in 1984—for her exemplary journalism skills.
I was very young when she won her first award, but I remember clearly the second one.
We had gone out for dinner the following night, just the two of us, and by the end of the week, my mother had written a very short article about our dinner together, an article that hangs in my bedroom even now.
In it, she had described our excitement over just being near each other.
She described, in great detail, how much she loved me and how much she loved spending time with me, the exact outfit I had picked out for that night (an outfit that I felt my mother might wear herself).
She let me talk the whole night about everything and nothing, things that children talk about, and she listened to everything I had to say with a smile on her face.
And she loved me so much that she wrote a public article to express it.
That is how I remember my mother.
Kind almost to a fault, beautiful, loving, smart, and quite possibly the best mother any young girl could ever have asked for.
My world is darker without her, but if I have learned one thing, it is that our mothers, when they are gone, live on inside of us.
My mother will never truly be gone as long as I live.
Below the article is a photograph of Emily and her mother.
Darcy imagines that when Mrs. Duncan was a young girl, she probably looked very much like Emily in the way Darcy resembles her own mother.
The picture is lovely—Emily, maybe five-years-old, holding onto her mother's hand, both of them wearing yellow sundresses and black hats to shield them from the sun.
It's a Muggle photograph, presumably taken by Mr. Duncan.
Emily's words leave Darcy feeling hollow, and only when she looks up from the newspaper does she realize her cheeks are wet with tears.
Our mothers, when they are gone, live on inside of us.
Darcy lowers the paper, looking down at her breakfast plate.
She feels cruel for every thinking Emily hadn't understood her, had never understood Darcy's longing for her dead mother, but now there's no way around it: Emily does understand.
She wonders if Emily had been thinking of her when she wrote the piece, wonders if Emily had cried while writing it.
Without thinking, she tears Emily's article out of the page and folds it up, tucking it into her pocket.
Carla's Potions class is much smaller than Darcy's had been.
There are a small handful of Ravenclaws, who outnumber the other students, two Slytherins, two Gryffindors, and Carla.
Carla seats herself with the other Gryffindors around a table and Darcy smiles, imagining herself and Emily, joined by Gemma.
The image makes her chuckle to herself as she recalls the looks on the Slytherins' faces when Gemma had seated herself with the Gryffindors.
Professor Snape looks down at the open book on his desk, detailing a complicated potion, and Carla smiles encouragingly at Darcy from between the two Gryffindors.
Darcy smiles back, but the sight of Carla with new friends makes her feel slightly uncomfortable, and the familiar feeling of disgust comes creeping up—disgust at the jealousy she feels, at the anger she feels towards these innocent Gryffindors who hadn't asked Carla to sit with them.
Flattening her robes and looking helplessly towards Snape for some guidance, Darcy lingers behind him as he addresses the class.
"As you all have likely noticed," he begins slowly, glancing at Darcy over his shoulder, as if to make sure she hasn't run away, "Miss Potter will be joining us for the year, and will be helping where I see fit.
I will expect you to show her the same amount of respect that you would show me, or any other of your professors."
A few students clap awkwardly (Carla included), unsure of what else to do to welcome her.
Darcy blushes.
"Now, if you will all turn to page sixty-eight, we'll get started .
.
."
Darcy doesn't do much for the first class.
When the students begin working on their potions, Professor Snape beckons Darcy to follow him as he wanders about the classroom.
He points into each of the cauldrons, murmuring quietly about what has gone wrong, why, and what the students have done right.
In fact, Darcy rather enjoys it.
She enjoys learning as much as she can, and Professor Snape doesn't snap at her once, to her surprise.
She even thinks that, if he were like this all the time, he might even have been one of the best teachers she's ever had.
Snape intimidates the other students whenever he approaches with Darcy at his side, but refrains from being overtly cruel, however, she knows this will likely change when they encounter a less experienced class with younger students.
In fact, Darcy absolutely dreads having to witness Harry's Potions class, knowing that Snape will likely not hold back upon seeing Harry again after his patience has run thin.
At the end of the lesson, the classroom smells like a mixture of burnt rubber and lavender and nutmeg.
Carla packs up slower than the rest of her classmates.
Snape turns his back on her and Darcy approaches her friend, smiling a genuine smile, feeling foolish for having been so anxious.
"How did I do?"
Darcy asks with a weak laugh.
"You were great," Carla jokes, giving her arm a playful punch.
"You're perfect at standing around looking pretty."
"That's exactly why Dumbledore gave me the job, didn't I tell you?"
The two of them laugh softly, and Darcy swears she can hear Professor Snape grumbling in a rather exasperated fashion under his breath, but he keeps his back to them to allow them some privacy.
"I'll catch up with you during dinner," Carla says, slinging her bag back over her shoulder.
"You can show me your new place."
Darcy grins, nodding.
"Sure."
She watches Carla go, her heart a little lighter.
Darcy takes lunch alone in the courtyard, seated cross-legged in a sunny corner.
She eats slowly with one hand, the other hand gripping a quill, attempting to keep her piece of parchment flat while writing hurriedly.
She'd decided to write to Emily first about her first day at Hogwarts instead of Lupin (it had been a fierce internal debate, really, between her head and her heart, who to write first) for several reasons.
Instead of wasting time and energy writing to Lupin, she decided she'd just wait to tell him everything this weekend when she returns to his home, and Darcy wants to bring up to Emily the lovely article she'd written about her mother.
Darcy wishes she would have just written to Lupin, though—the idea of him not being around all the time to talk to is becoming more and more distressing to Darcy, but she refuses to admit this to anyone, afraid of coming off as childish or needy, two things she desperately doesn't want to be.
After lunch, the day continues with every class beginning relatively the same as the first class.
Professor Snape informs them before beginning his lesson that Darcy will be with them for the year, letting them know what he expects from them, and the students seem disinterested for the most part.
They mostly ignore her, except for a few first and second year students who look hopefully towards her whenever Professor Snape scrunches his nose at their cauldrons.
To these frightened and pale children, Darcy whispers in their ears, helping them along, and while Snape seems to notice, he decides to let it go and not say anything at all.
When classes end for the day and dinner nears, Darcy waits outside the doors of the Great Hall, scanning the crowd of hungry students for dark, curly hair, her stomach rumbling.
Darcy checks her watch and jumps when someone calls her name from over her right shoulder.
She turns to find Harry, Hermione, and Ron walking up to her, Hermione leading them.
"Darcy, did you know there are house-elves here at Hogwarts?"
Hermione asks, and Darcy cocks an eyebrow, looking from Harry to Ron, hoping for an answer to all of her unasked questions—the most important being, what?
"House-elves make the food—" "That's not the only thing they do.
They stoke the fires, clean the common room, tidy the dormitories.
They're quite nice—they used to give Emily and me food whenever we were hungry .
.
."
Darcy chuckles nervously, looking past Hermione to Ron, who's silently trying to tell her to shut up.
Darcy blinks, meeting Hermione's eyes again and feeling that it would have been better to just feign ignorance or ignore her completely.
"What's wrong, Hermione?"
"You've known that they've been here all this time?"
"Er .
.
.
yes?"
"You've known that Hogwarts uses them as slaves?"
Darcy laughs out loud, but Hermione scowls for a moment before rearranging her features into a more pleasant expression.
"They aren't slaves, Hermione."
"They don't get paid!"
"What would a house-elf even spend money on?"
Darcy asks, catching sight of Carla making her way down the marble staircase with her friends.
She turns back to Hermione.
"Anyway, they're treated well and they're given a roof over their heads, a place to sleep.
And they aren't used the way the Malfoys used Dobby.
No one is hurting them—" "Weasley!
Hey, Weasley!"
"Speak of the devil," Darcy mutters, as Draco Malfoy and his two usual cronies push past the queuing students waiting for dinner.
In his hands is the day's copy of the Prophet, a broad smile on his pointed face, his eyes alight with malice.
"Your dad's in the paper, Weasley.
Did you see?"
Malfoy shouts, drawing the attention of everyone around them.
Darcy swallows loudly as Carla reaches her side, and Ron frowns as Malfoy shoves the paper into his hands.
"Couldn't even get his name right!"
He continues to grin, ignoring Darcy completely, giving Ron time to read the article in its entirety, by which time Ron's ears and the back of his neck are bright red.
"I love the picture, Weasley.
Is that really what you live in?
That dirty hovel?
And your mother could do with losing a bit of weight, couldn't she?"
Harry opens his mouth to respond, his expression deadly, and Carla cuts him off.
Darcy snatches the newspaper from Ron's hands and curls it up.
"That's enough," she hisses, her cheeks turning pink.
Darcy puts a hand on Harry's shoulder and the other on Ron's, turning them away from Malfoy.
"What are you going to do?"
Malfoy continues to jeer, even with their backs turned.
"Give me a detention?
Do you even have the authority?
Can you even take points?"
He elbows Crabbe and laughs.
"We all know the real reason you're here .
.
.
little baby Potter needs his mummy nearby, isn't that right?
Can't go anywhere without his big sister around to tuck him into bed—" "Shut up, Draco," Carla calls from behind them, her right hand deep in the pocket of her robes, probably fingering the handle of her wand.
"You're just bitter that your parents have never shown you any love—" "What do you know about my parents?"
Malfoy snaps.
"We all know who and what your parents are," Carla retorts, shrugging her shoulders.
Malfoy scowls at them all, looking back at Harry last.
"At least my parents are still alive."
Harry tears himself away from Darcy, lunging at Malfoy, his wand outstretched and aimed at Malfoy's chest, but Ron catches him before anything serious happens.
Darcy doesn't punish Malfoy, despite how badly she wants to, unsure if she even does have authority to give detentions.
Trying to keep herself composed and dignified, Darcy grabs at Harry's robes, pulling him back.
"Leave him, Harry," she whispers.
"He isn't worth it."
Harry seems to agree, at least grudgingly, turning his back on Malfoy and meaning to walk away with his sister.
BANG!
A jet of white light flashes dangerously close past Darcy's face, very close to Harry's.
She lets go of Harry immediately, and both she and her brother ready their wands again.
Malfoy's spell has missed them by mere inches, yet before either of them can draw their wands to defend themselves, there's another loud BANG!
and Darcy jumps, spinning around and searching for the source of the noise.
Expecting it to be Carla, Darcy glances over her shoulder, but Carla's wand is at her side, and her left hand is covering her mouth in shock, her brown eyes wide as dinner plates.
"Oh, no you don't, laddie!"
The gruff voice is unfamiliar to Darcy.
She, Carla, and Harry all turn to face the marble staircase; Mad-Eye Moody is stumping down the stairs, his wand held high in the air.
The entire crowd goes silent, and when Darcy looks back to Malfoy, she shrieks.
Draco Malfoy isn't standing there anymore—instead, Moody is pointing his wand at a white ferret, squirming on the ground and squealing like a pig about to be slaughtered.
She takes a few steps back, disgusted and terrified.
When the ferret tries to crawl away between Crabbe's feet, Moody lifts his wand, cackling happily.
"I don't think so!"
Malfoy rises high in the air, a few feet above Darcy's head, and Moody allows him to fall to the ground.
Darcy and Carla scream each time the ferret bounces off the stone floor, afraid that Malfoy will break every bone in his body, afraid that Moody will let the ferret free fall without magic and crush itself.
"I don't like people who attack when their opponent's back is turned!
What a cowardly thing to do!"
The white ferret rises again, thrashing in midair, squeaking frantically.
Moody lets him fall, bounces him off the floor (Darcy shrieks again), and shoots him right back up in the air once more.
"Stop!"
Darcy shouts, but only Moody's electric blue eyes acknowledges her.
A great wave of dislike for Moody and wariness overcome her as she continues to shout him down in vain.
"Please, stop it!
Turn him right!"
But Moody doesn't oblige.
Darcy points her wand at Malfoy, but someone's hand closes around her wrist and lowers it.
"Professor Moody!"
Professor McGonagall's long, thin fingers release Darcy's wrist.
Her nostrils are flared, her eyebrows pinched together, her face white.
Darcy, from experience, knows this is a bad thing, and she takes a step back, trodding on Ron's toes.
Moody looks quickly at McGonagall, his face stony, and Malfoy the ferret falls back to the ground with a sickening crunch.
McGonagall flicks her wand casually, and in less than a second, Draco Malfoy is back the way he was, his hair a little messy and a horrified and painful look on his face.
Professor McGonagall looks angrier than Darcy has ever seen her, angrier than when she'd caught Darcy mid-cigarette with a glass of firewhisky in her hand a few years ago, and Darcy has been truly scared of her then.
"We never use Transfiguration as a punishment," she says curtly, tucking her wand safely in her robes.
"Surely Professor Dumbledore told you that?"
Moody clears his throat, unabashed.
"He might have mentioned it."
"Detentions will do .
.
.
or you may speak to their Head of House," Professor McGonagall finishes, her lips pursed tight.
"I'll do that," Moody growls, grabbing Malfoy by the arm.
The crowd begins to scatter at the scathing look McGonagall gives them all, and before Moody leaves, Darcy watches his magical eye flick from herself to Harry and back again.
Professor McGonagall stands by Darcy's side, unflinching.
"The Potter siblings, eh?
Let me have a look at you, then."
Darcy and Harry exchange a nervous glance before looking Moody full in the face again.
His blue eye travels from Darcy's head to her feet, and then he does the same to Harry, his regular eye narrowed.
"Just like your parents, aren't you?"
Moody asks them, but neither Darcy nor Harry answer.
"I think they're quite aware of the resemblance.
Don't you two have somewhere to be?"
McGonagall asks them, eyes widening.
"Yes, Professor," they say at the same time.
Harry takes off into the Great Hall with Ron and Hermione on his heels; Darcy grabs Carla by the hand and drags her back up the marble staircase, wanting to put as much distance between herself and Moody.
Once she and Carla reach the safety of the first landing, Darcy lets go of her hand and they slow their pace.
Darcy's heart is still racing, and she craves the comfort of her own room.
"He's mad," Darcy says breathlessly, climbing another flight of stairs.
"What was that?"
"I had his class right after lunch today," Carla answers, looking rather shaken as they approach the portrait that conceals the door to Darcy's apartments.
"You know how he began class?
He started by talking about Harry, and the way that Death Eaters torture people, and it .
.
.
it was terrible.
Fred and George had his class before lunch and said he was the same way, too."
Darcy gives the password and holds the portrait open for Carla to climb through.
Their dinner is already sitting on the dining table, steaming hot, making Darcy salivate.
"What did he say about Harry?
Why would he do that?"
"He was just trying to scare everyone, I think," Carla sighs, shrugging.
"He was talking about how Harry is the only person to have ever survived the Killing Curse."
"So .
.
.
he's not Professor Lupin, then?"
"About the furthest thing from Professor Lupin.
I'd kill to have him back."
"Me too."
Carla glances quickly around the parlor, smiling.
"Nice digs, Darcy."
"Thanks."
They both sit down together at the table, starting quickly on their dinner, eating in silence for a few minutes.
It's strange, eating with Carla, considering they'd been in different Houses and never spent much time together at meals.
"How's Gemma?
Have you spoken to her lately?"
"She's back at work," Carla says, a cheek full of sweet potato, making her look like a pretty chipmunk.
"Mum and dad know what her parents are.
They were all right letting her stay at our place until I came back here."
Darcy doesn't dwell too long on Gemma, knowing they'll be meeting up again soon.
The last thing she needs is something else to worry about, but Darcy's heart aches for Gemma and Emily, both of whom were not doing well at the end of summer.
Darcy feels horribly guilty, feeling she should have done more to help her friends instead of running back to Lupin .
.
.
but surely they won't hold that against her?
It's not like Darcy could have had either of them stay with her at Privet Drive, nor could she drag them to Lupin's cottage for safekeeping.
Both she and Carla make small talk for a little while, laughing and joking, reminiscing and missing their old friends.
Darcy appreciates Carla's ability to make her laugh, appreciates the habits and mannerisms that she's picked up from spending years at Gemma's side.
Finally, Carla reaches the subject of the Triwizard Tournament, and Darcy sighs contently, pushing her empty plate away and leaning back in her chair, balancing it on two legs.
Carla laughs out loud when Darcy confesses she'd known about the tournament before Dumbledore announced it, impressed that she'd been able to keep such a big secret.
"I'm going to enter."
Darcy slams all four legs of her chair back on the ground.
"What are you talking about?
No, you're not."
Carla blinks in surprise.
"What are you talking about?"
she asks sharply, bristling.
"You don't think I could win, is that it?
I'm more than capable .
.
.
and it sounds fun!"
"No, no!
That's not it .
.
.
I mean, I think you could win," Darcy says quickly, smiling in a forced way.
"It's just .
.
.
you know, people have died, and—" "You worry too much."
"Carla, no, I—" Darcy sighs heavily, exasperated.
"It's dangerous, didn't you listen?"
"That's half the fun of it."
Carla gives a forced laugh to match Darcy's smile.
"Darcy, no offense, but you sound like a bore.
I'm of age, and I'm entering.
I mean .
.
.
glory, riches .
.
.
what isn't exciting about that?
Besides, Hufflepuff is due for some glory if you ask me, and who better than me to represent my House?"
Pain.
Danger.
Suffering.
Potentially losing a friend.
Darcy can't bring herself to say these things, however.
Carla's eyes are bright with excitement, reminding Darcy of the manic gleam in Oliver Wood's eyes when talking about Quidditch.
"Come on, don't act like you haven't enjoyed your little adventures," Carla scoffs, waving her fork in the air.
"You know that if this had happened last year, you, Emily, and Gemma would have been the first three people to enter."
Darcy isn't sure that's necessarily true.
Gemma likely would have done it, Darcy's positive about that.
And Gemma would have tried to convince Emily, and Emily—ever competitive—likely would have joined, as well.
And Darcy can hear Emily's voice in her head, as if she were standing right behind her: Come on, Darcy, it'll be fun!
Darcy wants to believe that she wouldn't have entered the Triwizard Tournament if she was able to.
She wants to believe she'd see the danger and allow someone else to enjoy the glory.
But for Carla to assume that Darcy's enjoyed every other dangerous thing she's done angers her.
How could Carla think that?
How could Carla truly believe looking a young Tom Riddle in the face was exciting?
Or even fun?
Carla wouldn't have made it five minutes into the Chamber of Secrets .
.
.
she wouldn't have thought the adventures were so fun if she had tagged along, if she had been forced to come face to face with giant spiders and three-headed dogs.
And Darcy, enraged by Carla's presumption, finds herself unable to hold her tongue any longer.
"Is that what you think?"
Darcy scowls.
Carla frowns at her, almost looking as if she'd been prepared for an outburst.
"I didn't sign up for those adventures, Carla.
I didn't volunteer for that, nor did I do it for a taste of glory.
I did it because my brother was in danger and I wasn't going to let him go it alone."
"All right .
.
.
I'm sorry."
Darcy stands up and paces around her sitting room, glancing up at the pictures propped against the wall above the fireplace.
"What are you so afraid of, Darcy?"
Darcy whirls around to face Carla, still seated at the small, round table.
There are so many things she's afraid of—losing people she cares about, another war, being abandoned by those she loves.
Her fears make her feel weak, not worthy to be a Gryffindor, nothing like her parents .
.
.
her brave, brave parents, who had sacrificed everything for their children without hesitation.
"It's just a game," Carla whispers, her tone gentler and reassuring.
"No one is going to die."
"It's not just a game .
.
.
it's not just the Triwizard Tournament."
Darcy crosses her arms over her chest, softening.
"You were there, Carla.
You saw what those Death Eaters did.
You know what happened to Emily's mother."
She runs a hand through her hair.
"It makes me think, who's next?
Emily?
Me?
You?"
Carla gets to her feet, attempting to flatten her hair, but it refuses to lie flat.
Her corkscrew curls spring up around her head, making her look like an angel with a halo of dark ringlets.
Darcy has always seen Carla as rather soft, a girl who frightens easily, who feels other people's pain as her own, who worries about her friends too much.
And when she speaks, her voice is soft, too—it's not commanding like Emily's, or laced with sarcasm like Gemma's.
It's reassuring and comforting, and it slowly deflates Darcy as her heart hammers inside her chest.
"Why can't you just enjoy things?"
Carla asks, a crease appearing between her eyebrows.
She smiles incredulously, taking a few steps towards Darcy.
"You've graduated, living at Hogwarts again, you're in love—you're free!
And all you do is worry about the next thing, and the next thing, and whatever comes after that.
You need to stop and appreciate what you have now."
"Before I lose it all?"
Darcy snaps.
"It's good to be prepared for the worst."
"Of course it is," Carla says, still smiling.
"But you can only prepare so much.
How could you possibly prepare for anything that you've witnessed?
Anything that you've done?
You're going to drive yourself mad if you keep worrying."
Darcy swallows loudly, shaking her head.
"I already am.
I'm so paranoid, Carla.
Something is going to go wrong, I just know it—" "Darcy," Carla interrupts in a hushed voice, holding out a hand as if to calm a wild animal.
"Stop."
But Carla's interruption only makes Darcy furious.
She clenches her fists, her face darkening.
"You don't get it, do you?
You think Dumbledore would have insisted I return here if he didn't expect trouble?
You think there won't be more attacks like there were at the World Cup?
You think Dumbledore's brought in Moody to teach because he's a decent guy?"
Darcy rubs her face with her palms, turning her back on Carla to look at the photograph of herself and Harry, smiling and waving from the photograph.
"I've always had to worry.
I've always had to think about the future, about keeping Harry safe.
You don't understand the stakes!"
"I understand the stakes well enough!"
Carla squeaks, her hair bouncing again as she takes an angry step forward.
"Don't think I'm indifferent to your suffering, and to Emily!
And to whatever keeps Gemma awake at night!
Don't think that I don't feel for you, or that I don't know the dangers of being close to you!"
Carla's words calm Darcy.
To have that reassurance and validation, that her pain is real, and felt by someone other than herself, is a massive relief, and her heart swells with love for Carla.
To know that Carla does understand what it means to be close to a Potter, yet chooses to love her anyway .
.
.
"I worshipped you and Emily the moment you started talking to me," Carla confesses, her cheeks flushing.
"You were Darcy Potter.
You were cool, and pretty .
.
."
She averts her eyes, looking down at the floor.
"I wanted to be you, and now I just feel sorry for you."
"Wh—what?"
"I believe there's a war coming," Carla continues, looking back up into Darcy's eyes.
"I do.
Maybe not for years, or maybe tomorrow, but I know it's coming.
And I know how this might end.
Emily's mother was the first, and she will not be the last."
Darcy frowns, tears prickling at the corners of her eyes, whether from anger, shame, or humiliation, she isn't sure.
"I'm going to enjoy my life before I can't anymore.
I could die tomorrow, and I want to know that I didn't waste my time worrying about the future."
Carla moves back to the table, her demeanor much calmer, and she picks up her schoolbag and heaves it onto her shoulder.
"That's why I want to enter the tournament.
Because I can .
.
.
and I will."
Darcy doesn't know what to say, only sits there in stunned silence.
As Carla heads towards the door, she surprises Darcy even further by flashing her a beautiful, charming smile.
"So, I'm thinking .
.
.
dinner once a week?"
It takes Darcy a moment to respond.
"Yeah, sure, of course."
Carla shrugs sheepishly.
"I got the idea from you and Lupin."
This makes Darcy laugh, a strange sound when not forced.
"Yeah," she chuckles.
"You could help me with my Potions homework."
"Sorry .
.
.
Remus never helped me with my Defense homework," Darcy says, smiling.
"I think that may be breaching some kind of teacher-student code or something.
One-on-one teaching sessions are highly discouraged, I believe, especially ones held inside a teacher's own living space."
"We all know what was really going on during your one-on-one teaching sessions," Carla teases.
"Certainly nothing Defense related."
Her eyes flick to the mantel, at the photo of her and Lupin.
"Cute picture, Darcy.
Good-night."
Darcy lays in bed for a long time that night, the stillness and quiet of the room like a crushing weight on her chest.
The darkness blankets her, isolates her until the only thing that's left with her are her thoughts.
Moonlight spills through the lone window above her bed, making her think of Lupin, of how badly she wants to love him, to kiss him, to have him hold her, to remind her that there are still good things in the world, good things she has now that she may not have in the future.
She thinks of Emily, how the death of her mother had happened so suddenly, how Emily was taken away from her mother's body and brought home by a stranger and Darcy, sobbing and shaking.
They hadn't had time to prepare, hadn't had time to say good-bye .
.
.
did Emily watch her mother die?
Or did she just find her like that?
Carla has always fretted over Darcy, not to the extent that Emily did, but she worried.
But Carla has always been impervious to the perils of her future—Carla has never fussed much over a career, has never worried much about life after Hogwarts, big picture things.
Darcy knows Carla's stressors: homework, Herbology, non-verbal spells.
Little things, things that won't matter later.
Things that matter to her now, in the present.
How wonderful it would be to be able to live in the moment, to not have to worry about things that could happen ten years from now.
Darcy tries to imagine her future, tries to imagine a life where she's married and has children and a loving husband .
.
.
a husband with brown and gray hair and a patchy beard on his face and mischievous eyes .
.
.
But it's hard to picture that life.
Suffering and pain and sadness and guilt are the only things she can imagine, a future where she's alone, broken, and thrown into a war she never asked to be apart of.
Carla knows it, and so do I.
She knows that when the war comes, Darcy will not be part of the war the way Emily will be, or the way Lupin will be.
She will be at the forefront with her little brother—an instrumental piece in the a war that Darcy can't quite explain yet.
All she knows is that each year Harry has been at Hogwarts has proved that Voldemort will not rest until Harry is dead.
And Darcy knows that she will not rest until Harry is safe, even if that means sacrifice.
I am my mother's daughter.
Darcy rolls over in bed and closes her eyes, reaching out instinctively for a warm hand to hold, for a body in bed beside her.
She clutches at the sheet, sighing.
For a moment, she thinks of walking straight down to Hogsmeade, of Apparating in the field that surrounds Lupin's cottage.
But the idea of running into someone's arm, of needing someone to hold her, makes her feel weak and ashamed of herself.
Professor Snape was wrong.
I don't need someone to hold my hand to be a Gryffindor.
But it would be nic.
ax arrives at breakfast the following morning, carrying a letter from Emily.
Darcy, I'm glad you liked it.
It took me a long time to write.
Dad loved it.
Framed it and everything.
I don't think dad's even showered since Mum died.
He hasn't gone to work and he's picked up smoking again.
We got a decent settlement from Mum, plus what was left in her vault, so I'm not too worried about anything just yet, but if dad doesn't shape up soon, I'm afraid we'll lose the house.
I'll let you know when I can get away from work.
I hope all is well at Hogwarts.
Give Harry my best.
Love, Emily Darcy folds up the letter and sticks it in her pocket.
The idea of Emily's father succumbing to a severe depression due to the loss of his wife makes Darcy uneasy, partially because she still feels that it's her fault.
Maybe she'd feel better if she could just tell him that, if she could apologize to Mr. Duncan for not being able to save his wife, apologize for not confiding in someone about her suspicions.
She wonders if it would give Mr. Duncan some sort of closure, if it would give her closure to finally confess to the secret she's been carrying, to relieve herself of the weight of the world upon her shoulders .
.
.
or, some of it, anyway.
Would Mr. Duncan shift the blame onto Darcy, however?
That's what Darcy would do—it's far easier to blame someone else who's willing to accept the blame.
Professor Snape is extremely on edge today, snapping at younger students who make simple mistakes, leaving Darcy to clean up after him by murmuring apologies to his students, helping them understand the material and how to fix their mistakes.
Snape watches her, scowling, his eyebrows furrowed, black eyes following her closely around the classroom as she speaks in low voices to other students, making them smile and laugh nervously.
By lunchtime, Snape is near unbearable, growling unwarranted retorts at Darcy as she cleans up the classroom, clearly trying to hit her where it hurts.
He brings up Sirius with a sneer, entertaining the idea that he might have been captured again ("When was the last time you heard from him?
"), and while it stings, Darcy forces herself to ignore it.
She knows if Sirius had been captured, it would have been plastered on every cover of the Daily Prophet for weeks.
Her silence doesn't deter Snape, however, who finally reaches the subject of Lupin, an arrogant smile forming on his face.
"Indulge me one thing, Darcy," he says, watching her rush around the classroom from his desk.
"What is the job market like for a werewolf these days?"
"What does it matter to you?"
Darcy asks quickly, trying to control her temper, keeping her back to him.
"He would still have a job here if you hadn't been feeling so vindictive that day."
"Would he?"
"Of course he would," Darcy answers, rather confident in that answer.
She finally turns around to face Snape again, her hands full of leftover ingredients.
Glancing at him, she makes her way towards the store cupboard and begins to organize the ingredients into small drawers and boxes inside.
"He was the best Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher we've ever had."
"The bar was certainly not set very high," Snape remarks.
"Perhaps your opinion of him is slightly .
.
.
biased?"
"Why are you so hateful?"
Darcy snaps suddenly, her anger overwhelming her.
All of her hatred for Snape comes back again, and she remembers all of the things they'd said to each other only a few months prior.
"He is a good man, and he is good to me .
.
.
unlike you, who wouldn't miss an opportunity to insult me, or any other student whose work you find inadequate."
"A good man?"
Snape hisses, and his anger becomes more genuine now, instead of just trying to upset her.
"He's a dangerous creature .
.
.
one that attacked and scarred you!"
"You know the circumstances!"
Darcy counters, her face bright red.
"You know he would never hurt me on purpose, if he could help it!
He could have hurt me all those times we were alone, but he never did."
"Of course .
.
."
Snape replies, his frown deepening.
"He may not have hurt you, but he did still think it a good idea to spend time with a student of his behind closed doors—" "It wasn't like that."
Darcy doesn't know why she says it, because she's quite aware it was very much how Snape is imagining it.
She lowers her voice, blushing harder, feeling it creep up the back of her neck.
"He's sweet to me."
There's thumping outside the classroom door then, and Snape stops talking immediately, getting to his feet and moving to the other side of his desk.
Darcy's heart quickens, not due to her anger towards Snape, but because she knows who's making their way down to the dungeon classroom, simply by hearing the clunking footsteps drawing nearer.
Darcy hesitates, taking a few steps back towards Snape's desk.
Snape grabs hold of Darcy's arm, pulling her behind him as Mad-Eye Moody enters the classroom without even knocking.
She looks around Snape's body, up at his face, which he has quickly rearranged back into a scowl.
"Darcy Potter," Moody says gruffly, lingering in the threshold of the doorway.
He takes another step forward, but Darcy stands close to Snape, partially hiding behind him.
"I've wanted to meet you for a long time, and I don't think I made a good first impression.
Not fond of ferrets, are you?"
Dark wizard catcher or not, there's something about Moody that sends shivers down Darcy's spine.
She especially doesn't like that he's come into Snape's classroom, to come find her only to tell her this.
She steps up to Snape's side, uncomfortable with the way the magical eye lingers on her, almost as if seeing her completely naked.
The entire situation is ominous, foreboding, and Darcy reaches out instinctively to grab at Snape's arm, forgetting momentarily that she hates him with all of her heart.
Her fingers only brush against his black cloak, but Professor Snape notices and gives his arm a shake.
"You wanted to meet me?"
she asks Moody warily.
"Me and half the country," Moody replies with harsh, barking laughter.
He limps towards the desk, closer to herself and Snape, and Darcy forces herself not to hide behind Snape like a helpless child.
With both mismatched eyes, he looks her up and down, and Darcy crosses her arms over her chest impulsively, feeling vulnerable and exposed.
"Thought you—of all people—would be interested in a more exciting job with a more exciting person."
"I'm happy with where I am," Darcy replies stiffly.
"I've had enough excitement in my life."
"I'm sure you have," Moody says, more to himself than to her.
His normal eye flicks to Professor Snape, but the magical one stays fixed upon Darcy's face.
He doesn't speak again until both eyes are on Darcy again.
"You were .
.
.
what?
Four?
Five, when it happened?
You must remember everything."
Darcy doesn't feel much like confiding in Moody the source of her worst nightmares and memory.
She gives him the same answer she'd given all the others who had asked about it when first she came to Hogwarts.
"No," she says, trying to sound confident about it.
"I don't remember anything."
"Nothing, eh?"
Another step closer.
"You didn't see his face?
The Dark Lord's?"
Yes, I looked into Voldemort's terrible face when I was only five-years-old.
"No."
But even as she says it, Darcy remembers the look of him—pale and snakelike, his gleaming eyes that flashed red before he murdered her mother and tried to murder Harry.
"No, I don't remember what his face looked like."
She and Moody look at each other for a long time, and then Snape puts a hand on her shoulder, her scarred shoulder, and pushes her slightly roughly past Moody, who has gotten far too close for comfort.
"Darcy, come," he commands, moving quickly towards the partially opened classroom door.
"Lunch."
Darcy hesitates for half a heartbeat before obeying without question, taking a few long strides towards the exit and following Snape hurriedly down the corridor towards the Great Hall.
She isn't sure if Moody's magical eye can see through walls, but Darcy feels like he's still watching them.
Any faster, and both she and Snape would be running, but they don't slow down until natural light begins to filter in from stained glass windows.
Darcy tries to appear relatively unbothered, but Darcy notices Snape's eyes finding her every couple of seconds, looking wary.
"You really don't remember anything from that night?"
he asks her, no longer angry, but mildly curious.
"Of course I remember," Darcy hisses, looking back up into his black eyes.
"You think I don't think about it all the time?
You think that I don't dream of it?
You think I've forgotten what Voldemort looks like?
Or the look on my mother's face as she died?"
She's pleased that Snape is the first one to look away.
"Could you ever forget something like that?"
Finally, he turns his head again to meet her gaze, and she knows that Professor Snape isn't going to press the issue any further.
But Darcy isn't being entirely truthful with him.
She had forgotten for a few years.
Or, maybe not forgotten, but hidden away, tucking the memory in a place where she couldn't see it any longer.
Truthfully, it had all begun at Privet Drive with Aunt Petunia.
Darcy, only a young and traumatized little girl, had complained of nightmares, complained of a scary man in her dreams and seeing her mother collapsing after a flash of green light.
She had begged to see a doctor, or someone who could stop them from coming every night.
But Aunt Petunia had only ever gone white as a ghost and insisted that James and Lily weren't murdered .
.
.
they were simply killed in a car accident.
Darcy had known it was a lie, had known she was remembering something important, but Aunt Petunia's unflinching confidence in her story had given Darcy horrible doubts over the months that followed.
You're not remembering right, Aunt Petunia had said.
That's not what happened, stupid girl.
And Darcy had repeated Aunt Petunia's story to herself over and over again, had repeated it to Harry when he was just a little boy.
And eventually, she believed it.
Upon coming to Hogwarts, she had denied and denied the whispers and insistence that Voldemort had killed James and Lily.
I don't remember.
I was too little, and I only made something up because I couldn't remember, she would tell herself.
They weren't there when my parents died .
.
.
how could they know better than me?
And even after she had remembered the truth, she had persisted in her lie to Harry, afraid that Vernon would beat her senseless if she revealed their lie.
When Hagrid had tracked them to that small island cabin on Harry's eleventh birthday, Harry had been heartbroken by the fact Darcy had lied to him.
Yet Aunt Petunia had surprisingly taken the blame, telling Harry the truth before Darcy could defend herself, insisting that she had forced Darcy to repeat the story.
And for months after that, Darcy had tried to convince herself that Hagrid was just lying, that Aunt Petunia was telling the truth, that those kids at school were just making fun of her.
As a teenager, it was easier to just push the true memories aside.
Darcy had found loving friends to distract her, had filled her schedule with classes she enjoyed, had learned to love the feeling of being drunk—she loved the burn of alcohol down her gullet and into her belly, the numbing powers it contained.
Darcy had been introduced to Madam Pomfrey's wonderful Sleeping Draughts that gave her dreamless and peaceful sleep, she smoked cigarettes after curfew while laughing and splashing in the lake, discovered her budding sexuality, and those things had temporarily filled the gaping hole in her heart left by the loss of her parents.
What she wouldn't give to believe her parents had died in a car accident again.
To not dream of the real thing so many nights in a row .
.
.
to be able to sleep through every night without waking in a cold sweat, trembling and breathless and alone.
"Why would he ask me that?"
Darcy whispers, her arms wrapped around herself, as if Moody is still listening in on them.
"He won't ask again."
Darcy looks up at Snape quickly and nods.
"Thank you."
Instead of eating lunch at Professor Snape's side, having to suffer through Moody's staring, Darcy convinces Carla to eat with her in the courtyard after causing quite the scene at the Hufflepuff table.
Darcy is then able to relay the interaction between she and Moody, and Carla listens carefully with her eyebrows knitted together.
"That's really weird," Carla agrees.
"But he's a weird bloke, isn't he?"
"He came all the way down to Professor Snape's classroom to ask if I remembered what Voldemort looked like," Darcy continues, ignoring Carla's shudder at the sound of the name.
"As if I'd tell him anything after seeing him torture Malfoy the way he did!"
"Darcy, look at him," Carla implores.
"He's seriously deranged after years of hunting Dark wizards."
She shoves her fork into her mouth, chewing slowly, watching Darcy narrow her eyes.
Swallowing, Carla continues with a small smile.
"My dad says that Mad-Eye Moody is known for seeing danger everywhere he goes.
He doesn't even drink from anything except his own personal flask.
He thinks people are out to get him.
Off his rocker, if you ask me."
"Then why did Dumbledore hire him?"
Darcy asks.
"So far, he's scared nearly every student in this school, turned Draco Malfoy into a ferret and nearly killed him, and now he's just walking up to me and asking whatever questions he wants with no regard to me feelings at all?"
Carla chuckles, shrugging her shoulders, at a loss.
"I think Snape might be right.
There probably weren't a lot of people queuing up for the job.
I mean .
.
.
think about it," she says.
"How many teachers have we been through now?
And considering the fact that Quirrell died—" "—he deserved it, he had Voldemort on the back of his head—" "—Lockhart doesn't have a clue who he is anymore—" "—also deserved it for trying to wipe out memories—" "—and Lupin was outed as a werewolf.
With a track record like that, not many people are bound to be jumping for the job, are they?"
Darcy can't really think of a counter-argument to that.
"I guess you're right.
But that doesn't change the fact that I think Moody is out of his goddamn mind."
"At least you don't have to attend his classes."
"Right.
I'm only stuck with Professor Snape all day," Darcy replies coldly.
After lunch, Darcy returns to the chilly dungeons, eager to see Harry.
It's rather a surprise to find that he, Hermione, and Ron are the first ones to the classroom.
Harry grabs hold of Darcy's sleeve, jerking her away from Professor Snape and looking at her very seriously.
"Remember .
.
.
you promised to keep him in line."
Darcy laughs airily.
"Did I?"
But Snape doesn't pay Harry too much attention at all.
He introduces Darcy in a bored tone just like he had in the beginning of the other classes, but this time Darcy receives a hearty welcome from the Gryffindors—Neville Longbottom in particular looks ecstatic to have her in the room with them, a student who has never excelled in Potions (and, according to Hermione, is typically the unwilling victim on the brunt end of Snape's anger).
The Slytherins that take the class with them—including one Draco Malfoy—are not so enthusiastic, sneering at her.
Darcy frowns, wondering how Slytherin House could produce such wonderful people such as Gemma, while at the same time, so many terrible ones.
Professor Snape silences the warm applause with a single raised hand and moves on quickly, giving the directions on how best to properly brew the day's Potion and setting them to work.
Neville is, as Hermione had warned her, almost a disaster.
Darcy feels so sorry for him when he melts his cauldron, and Darcy rushes over to him as his cheeks turn bright pink.
She helps him clean up, provides him with a spare cauldron, and offers him a smile.
She can feel Professor Snape's eyes on the back of her head and whispers to Neville, "If you need help, just ask me.
I don't know that Professor Snape will ignore it if you melt another cauldron."
His cheeks turn pinker and Darcy exhales softly, not having meant to embarrass him.
She pats his shoulder and looks across the table at Hermione, sharing a knowing look with her.
"Hey, Potter!"
someone hisses.
"Or is it Professor now?"
Darcy turns to find Draco Malfoy smiling innocently up at her from his seat across the room.
Even while whispering, Malfoy's voice carries loftily, and Darcy raises an eyebrow.
"You can just call me Darcy," she says coolly, moving closer to him.
"What do you want?"
"Is it true?"
he asks again, his face lighting up with a gleeful smile.
Darcy looks over her shoulder at Harry, wondering if he knows what Malfoy's going on about.
But Harry only shrugs, only half-hearing the conversation.
"Is what true?"
Darcy answers.
Malfoy and Pansy Parkinson exchange sideways looks.
"You and the werewolf?"
Pansy hisses, giggling behind her hands.
Darcy's entire face floods with color as nearly everyone stops what they're doing.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione make a noble attempt at ignoring the conversation, but Darcy knows all of the students are listening carefully, only acting very interested in their cauldrons and fingernails and the blackboard.
Neville melts his second cauldron, looking at Darcy with a very desperate, strained, and humiliated expression.
Hurrying to help Neville clean up his mess again, Darcy replies, "I don't think that's any of your business."
She lifts her eyes to find Hermione nodding encouragingly, as if that was the right thing to say.
"Where did you hear that, anyway?"
"My father had it from Rita Skeeter herself," Malfoy chortles, and all of his friends laugh with him.
Darcy scowls at the mention of her name, keeping herself from turning around to face him.
She continues to assist Neville as Professor Snape begins to skulk about the classroom, towards Darcy.
"I have to be honest, Darcy .
.
.
I didn't really think you'd end up marrying into a good family, but I expected you to do better than a werewolf."
"Ignore him," Neville squeaks into her ear, making her jump.
Darcy doesn't look at him, overwhelmed with embarrassment.
"Professor Lupin was kind to me."
This makes Darcy smile weakly.
"I hope you've at least given the poor fellow some money to buy new clothes," Malfoy continues, his voice low.
"It must be humiliating for you, being seen in public with someone who doesn't even own a shirt that hasn't been patched."
"Stop it," Darcy says quietly, wiping up the last of Neville's spilled potion.
She knows that Professor Snape must hear the conversation .
.
.
he must hear it, yet he does nothing, says nothing.
"You're being very rude, Draco."
Malfoy only jeers, Pansy laughing harder.
"Does kissing him remind you of your daddy, Potter?
Is that why—" "Enough, Draco."
Darcy jumps, not having realized Professor Snape was right behind her.
At the sound of his voice, she straightens up and turns around to face him and Malfoy, who has quieted abruptly.
Snape walks away as if he's said nothing, and Darcy finds she can only look at Harry.
He looks apologetic enough, returning to his cauldron.
The rest of the classroom is quiet, except for some whispering here and there, and the quiet, hushed laughter of Malfoy and Pansy.
When Neville melts his sixth cauldron, Darcy only apologizes under her breath after Snape gives him detention.
"That little prick—he should be a lot nicer to you, after you tried to stop Moody killing him and all—" Ron pauses, lost in thought as Darcy closes the door of her apartment behind him.
"Merlin, I hope I never forget that.
One of the best moments of my life.
That and when Hermione hit him last year .
.
.
remember?"
He looks to Harry with a brilliant smile.
"Just give him detention, Darcy, and get it over with."
"If I try to give him one and don't actually have the authority, I'm going to look like a proper fool."
Ron flops onto her sofa, putting his feet on the coffee table.
He closes his eyes and laces his fingers together behind his head.
"Don't listen to him.
You know, I heard dad talking about Lupin the other day—" "Your father showed up to his house unannounced while I was staying there," Darcy shoots back, and Ron laughs.
"After the Quidditch World Cup."
"He didn't tell us that!"
Ron answers, sitting up on the sofa and making room for both Harry and Darcy.
"Why'd he do that?"
"Trying to bring me back to your place," Darcy says sheepishly, looking at Harry for a split second and blushing furiously.
She decides not to tell them that Mr. Weasley had chastised her in his modest office at the Ministry about Lupin, not wanting to embarrass herself any further today.
"Why didn't he?"
Harry asks finally.
"We were really worried about you when you didn't come back."
"Come on, Harry," Darcy answers, waving a flippant hand at him across Ron.
"You should have known that I would be safe with Remus."
"I know—I'm not—I'm just—" Harry clears his throat, defensive, trying to avoid looking Ron in the eye.
"I'm just not used to you being off with .
.
.
you know .
.
."
"You shouldn't have to worry about me," Darcy says again with a small smile.
"Especially when I'm with Remus."
The three of them are quiet for a few moments, listening to the crackling of the fire.
Then Harry turns back towards his sister, and he chews on the inside of his cheek.
"How's Emily?
Is she all right?"
he asks gently.
"She's worried about her dad."
Darcy digs around in her pocket and withdraws the letter from Emily, unfolding it and passing it to Harry.
Ron reads it over his shoulder and Darcy stands up, moving to the bookshelf beside the fireplace, picking up the torn obituary and giving it to Harry after he's finished with the letter.
"I should go and see her, shouldn't I?
I went to the funeral, but I didn't talk to her much."
"Maybe she's all right with a little space," Harry suggests.
"She and her dad will get through it together."
Darcy nods in approval, but decides that she'll ask Lupin for his opinion when she sees him again.
The rest of the week goes relatively smoothly.
Snape gives a sixth year Ravenclaw girl a detention after she illustrates a crude drawing of Darcy that happens to fall into his hands.
Darcy continues to avoid Moody as much as possible, and all the while, talk of the Triwizard Tournament fills the corridors between classes and during meal times, even the topic of hushed conversations during classes.
It isn't until Thursday night, around eleven-thirty, that something exciting happens.
Darcy is just making to leave her room, to go wander around the castle corridors (something that is still exciting to her, not having a curfew), unsure of how to spend her free time now that she doesn't have homework to fret over, when someone hisses her name just outside the entrance and something physically forces her back over the threshold.
As the portrait hole swings back shut, Harry tears off the Invisibility Cloak and brandishes a piece of parchment in his hand.
"Harry," Darcy says breathlessly, her heart beginning to race.
Harry leaps to the sofa and urges her to follow him.
"What's wrong?
Who's that from?
What's happened?"
"It's Sirius," Harry replies, and Darcy's heart sinks.
Her face must have betrayed her fear, for Harry adds quickly, "No, it's—he's not—he's okay!
Look."
He shoves the parchment into Darcy's hands and she murmurs it to herself, skimming it over.
"'I'm flying north immediately' .
.
.
'Dumbledore's got Mad-Eye out of retirement, which means he's reading the signs' .
.
.
But he mustn't!
He'll get caught!"
She jumps to her feet, still clutching Sirius' letter in her fist, pacing in front of the embers left in the hearth.
"He can't come back.
I'll tell him.
I'll have Remus tell him .
.
.
he can't come back!"
But if Darcy's being honest, part of her is excited by this news, even thrilled.
The chance to see Sirius again makes her stomach churn .
.
.
she wants to tell him everything that's happened, to tell him everything that's bothering her, to get everything off her chest.
Had he heard about the World Cup?
Had he heard about the death of Emily's mother?
Darcy suddenly craves his presence, needing to talk to him, needing to see him, just to make sure she hadn't dreamt all that had happened in the Shrieking Shack last June.
But on the other hand, the other part of her is fearful.
Coming back north will mean possibly being carted back to Azkaban, killed, or worse—subjected to the Dementors Kiss.
Darcy shudders terribly, giving the letter back to Harry.
"I shouldn't have told him," Harry says suddenly, running his hand through his dark hair and messing it up.
Darcy looks endearingly at him, at the hair that sticks up at the back no matter what.
"He thinks I'm in trouble."
But the part Darcy focuses on the most is Sirius' vague and ominous observation about Dumbledore and Mad-Eye.
So I was right .
.
.
Dumbledore suspects trouble.
She remembers what Dumbledore had told her about the green skull in the sign being spotted, about how it had troubled him.
She needs to have this conversation with Sirius, to get his take on things.
What signs?
Darcy wonders.
Does Sirius think there's a war coming?
Is that what the Dark Mark meant?
That, combined with the sudden appearance of Death Eaters and Harry's strange dream that had caused his scar to hurt unsettles her.
"No," Darcy hums, staring into the fire, her mind racing.
She thinks hard, tucking her hair behind her ears.
"It's a good thing you told Sirius."
She spins around to face Harry.
"Do you think Voldemort is getting stronger?"
The idea doesn't frighten her as much as she thought it might.
Maybe it's because she's with Harry—Harry, from whom she'd always drawn her courage.
She isn't sure, but she knows that Voldemort gaining strength is something that should frighten her much more than Mad-Eye Moody and much more than the looming prospect of the Triwizard Tournament.
"Do you think Sirius and Dumbledore think Voldemort is growing stronger?"
she continues, and Harry looks thoughtful, but slightly frustrated.
They both ignore Ron's protest against the name.
"What signs do you think they're reading that no one else is?"
"The Dark Mark, for one.
It was Voldemort's sign, wasn't it?"
Darcy clenches and unclenches her jaw.
"When I first arrived, Professor Dumbledore came to see me," she explains.
"He told me to keep an eye out for anything out of the ordinary .
.
.
and to keep an eye on you."
"Me?"
Harry repeats, slightly affronted.
"If Voldemort is growing stronger .
.
.
I mean, it's not like Voldemort could storm the castle while Dumbledore's here, right?"
Darcy hesitates.
"No," she says.
"I suppose not."
Still deep in thought, Darcy checks her watch.
"You should get back to your common room.
It's getting late."
Harry groans, getting to his feet and wrapping the Invisibility Cloak around him, leaving his head to float in midair.
Darcy frowns.
"You have to tell him not to come," Harry pleads.
"I'm writing him tomorrow.
You have to tell him."
But Darcy says nothing, only purses her lips together in a very Aunt Petunia-like fashion.
As Harry's eyes rove over her face, she looks away from him, but too late.
"You miss him, I know.
I do, too," Harry says.
"But you know what could happen if he comes around again."
"I know," she snaps.
Tears spring to her eyes as she remembers their meeting back in June.
She remembers crossing the Shrieking Shack to fall into his chest, remembers begging him to take her with him as Sirius soared away on Buckbeak.
He didn't even look back.
"It's not fair!
I thought he'd be around for good this time."
Neither of them speak for a few moments as Darcy wipes at the tears that trail down her cheeks.
"I miss mum and dad."
"Me too."
Harry pauses, taking a few steps towards the door.
"You remind me of mum sometimes."
"Thanks, Harry."
She watches him turn the doorknob.
"I love you."
Harry gives an exasperated sigh and turns around to face his sister once more.
"You get one 'I love you' for the year.
Are you positive you want to use it now?"
Darcy laughs.
"Yeah, I'm sure."
Harry pulls the Invisibility Cloak back over his head.
As the door swings open, his disembodied voice floats over the threshold, filling her ears and making her heart swell with love.
"Love you, too."
The door is almost closed when it opens quickly again, and Darcy stares at a spot where she thinks Harry's head likely is.
"Oh, and by the way .
.
.
Hermione's probably going to track you down tomorrow and ask you to join—well— I suppose she'll tell you all about it.
Just be prepared, all right?"
And with that cryptic warning, Harry leaves, closing the portrait behind him.
Darcy wakes the next morning groggy and irritable and overtired, snapping at Professor Snape throughout breakfast and hiding behind her newspaper.
She had flirted with the idea of writing to Sirius, if only to appease Harry, but the thought of seeing him again, even if only for a moment, beats out her desire to write an angry letter, chiding him and telling him to stay far, far away from them.
Aware that it's risky and reckless and extremely dangerous, Darcy also knows that a letter from her probably won't even change Sirius' mind about coming north.
To Darcy's surprise, Hermione does track Darcy down at lunch, a box in her hands that rattles with each step.
Hermione walks right up to the staff table as soon as the food appears in front of them all.
Smiling, Hermione places the unremarkable box down on the table before her.
"What's this?"
Darcy asks, slowly lowering her fork.
".
..
.," Hermione says brightly, her chest puffed out.
Darcy cocks an eyebrow.
"Spew?"
Hermione grumbles something under her breath.
"You are just like Harry sometimes, do you know that?"
Darcy grins, stuffing a forkful of food in her mouth.
"It's not spew, it's .
..
.
It stands for the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare."
"Hermione, what are you doing?
What is this?
Are you taking the piss?"
Even Professor Snape glances at Hermione, not even slightly amused.
Hermione ignores him.
"The house-elves here and enslaved all around the world deserve fair wages and fair working conditions!"
Hermione says shrilly.
Professor Snape clears his throat, waving a lazy hand at Hermione.
"Miss Granger—" Darcy glares at him.
"Let her speak."
When she looks back at Hermione, there's still a defiant look on her face, but it's clear Snape has made her a bit more reluctant to go on.
"Go ahead, Hermione.
What is it you want from me?"
"Two Sickels to join, and you get a badge," Hermione says with a little less enthusiasm, shaking the box of badges.
"The money will help fund leaflets."
Darcy sighs, swallowing her food.
She puts her fork down and rummages in her pocket, pulling out a few Sickels and putting them on the table in front of Hermione.
"Go on, then.
One for me, and I'll pay for one for Remus, as well."
Hermione's eyes brighten and it makes Darcy smile.
Grabbing two badges from the box to give to Darcy, Hermione holds them out.
Snape watches the exchange with a mocking expression.
Darcy accepts the badges without complaint, but before Hermione leaves, she says, "Wait, Hermione."
Turning on her heels, Hermione waits.
"Give me another one."
Darcy pulls out two more Sickels and Hermione gives her one more badge and a confused look.
Darcy holds up the badge for Professor Snape, but he only scowls at her.
Resigned to the fact that he's not going to take it, Darcy takes matters into her own hands, fastening the .
..
.
badge onto the front of his robes.
Past Snape, Dumbledore chuckles while watching on, his blue eyes twinkling.
"Looks good.
Thanks, Hermione."
As soon as Hermione starts back down the aisle towards Gryffindor table, Professor Snape tears the badge off.
"Don't you dare make a fool of me, Darcy."
"Fine, don't wear the badge, but I paid your two Sickel entry fee, so you're a member whether you like it or not."
Ron howls with laughter when Hermione tells him and Harry about it outside of Darcy's chambers that evening, before returning to Gryffindor Tower to freshen up before dinner.
Even Hermione smiles sheepishly, and Darcy blushes.
Darcy and Hagrid share dinner in her own room (Hagrid provides his own chair).
He talks mostly about the tournament, asking Darcy about classes and making sure Professor Snape is treating her all right.
Thankfully, Hagrid doesn't bring up Lupin or the Quidditch World Cup—the two things that Darcy was sure he'd want to discuss with her.
Heart and stomach full, Darcy waits for Hagrid to reach his hut before deciding to make the long trek down to Hogsmeade, where she'll finally be able to Disapparate and finally arrive at Lupin's.
When the lights come on in Hagrid's hut, just barely visible through her bedroom window, Darcy throws a jacket on and a bag over her shoulder, stuffed with a few pairs of clothes and Lupin's brand new .
..
.
badge.
Without meeting anyone on the way through the castle, Darcy heads out the front doors, making her way to Hogsmeade.
She intends to Disapparate as soon as she gets there, but the shops seemingly call to her.
She only visits one, however, buying a bottle of red wine and tucking it into her bag.
Placing a firm hand upon it, not wanting to lost it, and within moments—extended, compressed, and uncomfortable moments though they are—Darcy is greeted with a beautiful sight.
The overgrown weeds and grass surround the cottage, tickling Darcy's fingers and legs.
Lights are on inside, smoke billowing from the chimney.
The television is on, judging by the reflection on the windows.
The sound of her arrival seems to have alerted Lupin to something, because she sees him look out of one of the windows, unable to see her in the darkness.
Feeling fully at home for the first time in a week, Darcy lopes to the front door, her knees weak and her heart considerably light, knowing that Lupin is inside waiting for he.
arcy giggles as Lupin uncorks the bottle of wine he'd bought her for an early birthday present (which happens to be the same wine she'd bought for him in Hogsmeade).
He fills a wine glass for her nearly to the top, and then does the same for himself.
They both sit before the fire, the conversational hum of the television barely audible, tuned to the local news.
"Oh—!
Grab my bag," Darcy says suddenly, sitting up and pointing to her bag, lying crumpled on the ground by his feet.
"I've brought you another gift.
It's really from Hermione, but paid for by me."
Lupin gives her a wary look before slowly reaching for her bag.
"This can't be good, can it?"
Darcy laughs, rummaging inside her bag and retrieving the small, shiny, silver badge.
She holds it out for him in her upturned palm, but it only makes him narrow his eyes.
"It's all right.
Hermione's decided to create a new organization on her plight to change the world.
.
..
."
"Spew?"
Lupin asks, taking the badge and turning it over a few times in his hands.
"Well, maybe don't call it that to her face."
Darcy smiles sweetly at him, taking the badge again and carefully pinning it to the front of his sweater.
Lupin lowers his eyes, studying it for a moment longer.
Admiring her handiwork, Darcy takes a look drink of wine.
"I think her mission statement is to secure fair wages and working conditions for house-elves, or something like that.
I may have a leaflet for you next time, if she uses our donations wisely."
The idea seems to make Lupin mildly uncomfortable.
"I'm sure Hermione means very well, but does she have any idea what she's getting herself into?"
"Likely not," Darcy replies, taking another drink of wine, savoring it.
"But I don't think a thirteen-year-old witch will upset the balance of anything with a few Sickels and some badges."
"We are talking about the same Hermione, aren't we?
The same Hermione who upset the balance of time just in June with a Ministry issued Time Turner?"
"That was different," Darcy says seriously, giving him her hardest look to get her point across.
"She's just trying to do a good thing, however misguided her judgement.
Just .
.
."
She smiles, shrugging.
"Wear the damn badge if you see her, and let her talk your ear off without interrupting her.
Thank to me and my generosity, you're an official member.
And who knows?
Maybe, with some convincing, Hermione can start up a foundation for werewolves, as well."
Lupin laughs weakly, looking at her curiously from over the rim of his wine glass.
He doesn't look well, but Darcy hadn't really expected him to, not with the full moon looming so near.
It seems he's had his hair cut, keeping it from falling into his eyes so often, but it's still shaggy and streaked with gray, covering a scar that Darcy knows is on his forehead, just above his right eyebrow.
His beard, which is usually kept trimmed and well-groomed, is uneven and patchy again, still cropped short.
But the shadows under his eyes, the heavy eyelids, the lack of color in his face (which she hopes will be restored after a few glasses of wine), make her feel slightly bad.
She feels an intruder in his home, feeling that a better decision would have been to just leave him alone and let him rest without her there to distract him.
But Darcy thinks, if she were in his position, the anxiety of knowing what will happen in a few days time would nearly be impossible to deal with by herself.
She would welcome Lupin to distract her, to ease her fears.
"You've been taking your potion, haven't you?"
she asks him softly.
Lupin nods, scratching at the scruff on his face and dragging his fingers through his hair.
"Yes.
It's the last of it."
"Gemma will get you more," Darcy says.
"I can brew some too, if you'd like.
She'd be able to get some from the hospital, though."
"I hope you didn't come here just to fuss over me?"
he teases, refilling his glass and topping Darcy's off.
She blushes when she meets his eyes.
"Not that I mind the fussing, but .
.
.
I thought you would want to tell me about your first week back at Hogwarts.
That's far more exciting, don't you think?"
Darcy frowns, but he gives her a warm and reassuring smile, his lips stretched tight across his face.
She wants to kiss him now, to love him, to feel the scratch of his beard against her mouth, but she desperately wants him to be the one to kiss her first.
Looking away to avoid temptation, Darcy stares into the fire, unsure of where to start.
"It's been .
.
.
good."
Lupin waits a moment to see if she'll continue, but she doesn't.
"Are you going to elaborate, love?
Or are you just going to leave it at that?"
"Sorry," Darcy replies sheepishly, busying herself with her wine.
"It's just .
.
.
so much has happened and I don't know where to start.
I wish you could be there with me."
"Don't apologize, my love," Lupin says.
"Has Severus been treating you fairly?"
Darcy thinks for a minute.
"Yes," she answers truthfully, but still feeling it's an inadequate response.
"He hasn't been unbearably mean .
.
.
to me, anyway.
And he even stopped Draco from harassing me on Tuesday.
Oh!
And he's also an official member of .
..
.
I bought his badge for him."
"You are generous, aren't you?"
Lupin grins slyly.
"Was he pleased?"
"Not particularly," Darcy smiles back, sipping her wine.
"But not much pleases Professor Snape, does it?"
Lupin watches her chuckle to herself, smiling all the while, his eyes never leaving her face.
After a moment, the smile fades, and he fingers the rim of his wine glass, narrowing his eyes before speaking.
"I've heard rumors," he says quietly, and his tone makes Darcy suddenly very nervous.
"Alastor 'Mad-Eye' Moody is teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts."
"Yes," Darcy answers quickly, and at the mention of his name, everything comes tumbling out of her.
"And he's mad!
He turned Draco Malfoy into a ferret!
A ferret!
And he bounced him up and down while everyone was watching and I told him to stop, but he didn't!
Professor Snape said he was a great Auror, but I don't care—I don't like him at all!
And then he came down to Snape's classroom just to come talk to me and to ask if I remember what Voldemort looked like when mum and dad died—and I do not like that creepy eye of his!
I feel like he's seeing me naked whenever he looks at me, and I don't want him to see me naked!"
Lupin widens his eyes, looking incredulously at Darcy.
Infuriatingly, he laughs.
And despite the warmth that spreads through her chest at the sound of his laughter, she can't help but feel slightly angry at him for not taking her so seriously.
"Mad-Eye fought with us in the last war," he explains.
"He wasn't always as .
.
.
interesting, for lack of a better word, but chasing after Dark Wizards for more than half your life will make a man paranoid and, well, colorful.
He's a good man, Darcy, just a little out of place there at Hogwarts.
You've only known him for a week."
Darcy shrugs.
She wants to believe that Lupin is right, but her irrational fear of Mad-Eye Moody continues to give her doubts.
"Sirius is coming north, did you know?"
Mid-drink, Lupin coughs, inhaling half of his wine and soaking his shirt with the rest of it.
Darcy hurries to fix it, pointing her wand at the red stain growing on his chest when he finally manages to ask, "What?"
Darcy's wand siphons off the wine.
"He's worried about Harry's scar hurting.
He wrote back Thursday evening, saying that he's been hearing strange rumors, and he mentioned something about Dumbledore reading the signs and .
.
.
that's why he brought Moody out of retirement."
Darcy finishes off her glass of wine, squirming in her seat and clearing her throat as Lupin refills her cup.
"Harry asked me to write him and tell him not to come.
I know Harry also sent him a letter this morning, but I .
.
.
I couldn't do it."
Lupin inches closer to her, under the pretext of getting more comfortable.
His leg brushes against hers, and Darcy feels as if she's still a student, flustered at the simplest contact.
She drinks more wine, attributing the giddy feeling to being slightly tipsy already.
But the feeling is a good one, and it's such a relief to be drinking, to be able to push all of her thoughts and anxieties out of her head, even if it's just for a few hours.
Darcy doesn't really expect Lupin to reply, and is surprised when he asks her, "You want to see him again?"
She nods.
"Of course I do .
.
.
and I know what could happen to him if he comes here.
If he gets caught, it'll be our fault for encouraging him."
"Listen, I know Sirius," Lupin tells her, brushing his fingertips across her cheek, pushing some hair out of her face.
"And I know that no matter how many letters you send him, no matter how much you plead and beg for him to stay where he is, if he's determined to come north, then there is no stopping him."
"I would hate to see him caught.
You know as well as I do what they'll do to him."
"I know it seems risky and reckless," Lupin assures her.
"It is risky and reckless.
Believe me, Darcy, I can't bear the idea of Sirius being subjected to whatever cruel punishments the Ministry has in mind, but Sirius is clever and knows what the consequences are.
He's well aware of the fate he could meet if he's caught."
He gives her a small smile, taking Darcy's hand gently in his and kissing her knuckles very lightly.
"Besides, do you think he would ever miss an opportunity to see you?"
His gentle tone makes Darcy smile in spite of herself.
Lupin lowers her hand from his mouth, letting go.
"He thinks there's a war coming, doesn't he?
That's what he's talking about when he mentions the signs?
Evidence that Voldemort is growing stronger?
And the Death Eaters rallying again .
.
.
killing again?"
Lupin doesn't answer, only frowns slightly at her.
"I'm afraid that, if there is a war, we won't win," she confesses, a feeling she's been privately harboring for some time.
He sighs heavily, shaking his head.
"Let's not talk about this anymore," he pleads with her.
"I don't want to upset you, Darcy, nor do I want you to be afraid while you're here.
You're safe now.
You needn't worry about a war while we're having such a wonderful time."
"I'm sorry."
"Don't apologize."
"Can I ask you something?"
He flashes her a toothy grin.
"Anything."
Darcy pauses, drinking in the sight of him looking so flushed.
"It's about Emily."
"Oh?"
Lupin's smile fades almost instantly.
He exhales through his nose.
"I read what she wrote in the Prophet.
It was very touching.
How is she?"
"I don't know, that's the thing," Darcy answers, feeling helpless.
"She wrote to me after I wrote to her about the article she'd written, and she mentioned her dad isn't doing well."
"Her father is a Muggle, isn't he?"
Lupin asks, and Darcy nods.
"It's probably very hard on him, not able to understand as well as Emily does.
He's probably never heard of a Death Eater in his life, and all of a sudden, his wife was killed by them."
"Do you think I should go and see them?"
"You know Emily better than I do.
What do you think she would want?"
Darcy shifts, moving even closer to him.
"Well, I would want to be with my friends, if it were me."
But Darcy doesn't think it's a very satisfactory answer in the slightest.
"Harry thinks I should give her space."
"I think you know her better than Harry, as well."
It's not a very direct answer, but it does make Darcy feel better about ignoring Harry's advice.
Darcy and Lupin finish the bottle of wine he'd bought her quickly enough, soon starting on the second bottle she had bought in Hogsmeade.
She can feel the alcohol taking control—her forehead is damp with sweat, and the fire doesn't help at all.
The room soon begins to spin, but she forces herself to focus on the television, trying to keep focused on one, solid, unmoving point.
Lupin's cheeks are flushed in earnest towards the end of the second bottle, his head in Darcy's lap as she slowly combs back his hair with her fingers.
It's well into the night when he falls asleep, one leg draped over the arm of the sofa, the other hanging off, his foot planted firmly on the ground.
Darcy continues to brush back his hair, trying to appreciate the present, trying to learn the exact feel of his hair, the exact color, trying to familiarize herself with the pout on his lips as he sleeps, the length of his eyelashes.
She wonders if there will be a time in the near future when she won't have Lupin at her side .
.
.
wonders if, in the near future, she won't be able to run her fingers through his hair, to have his head in her lap.
She takes one of his limp hands in her own.
Lupin's palm is clammy, slick with sweat, likely not just from the fire and drink.
He doesn't stir when she laces their fingers together, and Darcy hunches over, pressing her lips softly to his forehead.
"I love you," she breathes, but still he doesn't stir.
Darcy smiles down at him, at the peaceful look across his face.
She wonders what he dreams of, if he dreams of her, or if he—like Darcy—dreams of terrifying memories, of death and heartache, dreams full of fear.
Deciding quickly, Darcy leans down over him again, kissing him on the mouth.
As soon as she pulls away, his eyes flutter open, and he gives her a tired smile.
Lupin doesn't move his head from her lap.
"What have I ever done to deserve you?"
he murmurs, closing his eyes again.
Darcy kisses him again, harder this time.
When she breaks the kiss, she's breathless and the room starts to spin again, but not due to wine.
She feels childish and foolish at the fact that he can make her so dizzy with love, that just a kiss can make her feel like that.
"Come to bed," she whispers, kissing him all over his face.
He obliges, and they stumble from the sofa to the bedroom, already undressed when they reach the bed.
With every passing hour that Darcy is at Lupin's, her desire to stay grows stronger.
Every smile, every laugh, every meal, every kiss—it is a lifestyle that she's craved for so long, being shown such affection and given so much attention like some neglected pup.
She enjoys having a body to hold at night, enjoys receiving a kiss to the head each time Lupin walks past her as she sits on the sofa.
She wonders how long it will be until she finally caves—until she finally gives it all up to be here with him, to spend the rest of her life being loved, the one thing she has always wanted.
Lupin tells her of his continuing job hunt, how the money in his vault has been dwindling, how he should probably learn some money management skills, and after Darcy offers to move some of her own money into his vault, Lupin insists he has enough left for a little while longer, giving her a dazzling smile.
He talks to her for a while about Sirius, stories about her parents that make her smile, talking just to fill the silence sometimes.
It slightly unsettles Darcy sometimes how well that Lupin can understand her without having to hear her voice her problems—it seems that sometimes Lupin can tell from her expressions, or the way she carries herself, or how long she sleeps, what she's thinking.
But Darcy is glad for it, and grateful.
She's become comfortable here—comfortable in a way she certainly isn't at Privet Drive, and a way she isn't at Hogwarts.
Being here, with Lupin, makes her feel incredibly vulnerable.
She keeps her guard down here, not having anything to fear.
And being so comfortable makes it easy for Darcy to slip back into feelings of sorrow and guilt, makes it easy for Darcy's mind to trick her into a sense of deepest inadequacy.
She becomes suddenly fearful of Sirius coming north, more so than she'd been before, afraid of losing some of the last of her family.
And during those stretches of silence when Lupin is busy doing one thing and Darcy another, she feels drained for all she has, exhausted and weak and wanting nothing more than to close her eyes and sleep for years.
As Lupin messes about in the kitchen on Saturday night, Darcy turns away from the black-and-white movie feature on the television, peeking over the back of the sofa at him.
Today he looks, not completely healthy, but well-rested, his hair tousled and sleeves rolled up to reveal the bite mark on his forearm.
She wonders if, when he's alone at his home, he also falls back into these feelings of self-loathing.
If, like her, his thoughts grab hold of him, forcing him to see the truth he doesn't want to face.
She wonders if guilt over her parents death and Sirius' imprisonment still eat at him, if he feels he doesn't deserve Darcy in the slightest, like she does.
She wonders if Lupin has a hard time getting out of bed some days, or can't bring himself to enjoy the little things.
"Are you going to ask me something, or just stare at me all night?"
Lupin asks her distractedly, putting a few clean dishes away, his wand lying unused on the counter.
He glances quickly at her, smiling upon seeing the blush creeping on her face.
"I'm not staring," she answers defiantly.
"I'm .
.
.
admiring you."
"Is there a difference?"
Darcy shrugs, her chin resting atop the sofa.
"Let me look at you properly."
"You're checking me out, aren't you?"
He laughs.
"You're making me nervous, scrutinizing me the way you are."
"I told you, I'm admiring you."
Darcy smiles again at the sound of his low laughter over the clinking of dishes.
"Have I thanked you?"
"For what?"
She smiles.
"For everything.
For letting me stay here, for taking care of me, for cooking me food—" "You don't have to thank me, Darcy," Lupin replies, not unkindly.
"I'm not doing it as a favor to you."
He puts away the remaining dishes and moves closer to her.
Darcy sits up on her knees, and when Lupin runs his fingers through her hair, she rests her cheek against his chest, closing her eyes and listening to the steady drumming of his heart.
"I do it because I care about you very much, love.
Surely you know that."
"I don't deserve you," she murmurs.
Lupin laughs out loud.
"You must be the first person I've ever heard say that to me."
Sunday is full of laughter and teasing, laying in bed with their foreheads pressed together and noses brushing and lips dangerously close.
It's full of hand-holding and kisses on each other's cheeks, fingers carding through soft hair and the tender kisses up and down each other's bodies.
Darcy forces herself to think of the present and only of the present, forces herself to appreciate what she has now, whatever this is between them that she doesn't ever want to end.
When was the last time she had been content?
The last time she'd been truly happy, with no worries and no troubles?
She can't even remember.
Yet when he touches her with the utmost gentility, when his fingertips cause the most sensitive parts of her to burn hot, it clouds her thoughts and the only thing she can think of is how good it feels, how much she loves him, how much she wants to stay.
Darcy kisses him until her mouth is sore, touches him until she's sure there's no part of his skin she hasn't felt beneath her fingers.
And when evening rolls around, it's only reluctantly that Darcy forces herself out of bed to pack what few things she's brought with her.
"I'll make sure you have a room at the Three Broomsticks for next weekend," Darcy says absently, throwing her clothes back into her bag.
Lupin watches her from the bed, one arm tucked behind his head, moonlight spilling through the window onto his bare chest.
"Gemma is coming on Saturday to meet with us, and I thought maybe we could sneak Harry down to Hogsmeade with the Invisibility Cloak to spend time with us."
Lupin cocks an eyebrow.
"Feeling reckless, are we?"
She grins, looking over her should at him.
He looks so handsome, casual and partially naked, an easy smile gracing his scruffy face.
Darcy stands up straight and turns to face him, crossing her arms over her chest and blushing fiercely.
"You know," she begins awkwardly, "I've never loved anyone the way that I love you."
Lupin smiles wider, but there's something sad about it.
Darcy turns around quickly, her heart racing.
"Darcy, come here," he says quietly, patting the bed.
"I want to tell you something."
Darcy obeys without hesitation, making her way to the bed and sitting on top of the blankets.
Lupin grabs her hand, his thumb brushing over her knuckles.
"I'm not as young as I once was," Lupin sighs, bringing her hand to his face, unfolding her fingers so she's cupping his cheek.
Darcy moves closer as he nuzzles into her palm, his hand falling into his lap.
"I want to be very clear with you about my intentions before you find out in a less preferable way that .
.
.
perhaps this isn't what you want."
Darcy lowers her hand, her brow furrowed.
"Is this not .
.
.
have I done something wrong?
I'm sorry, I—" "Please, don't apologize, my love, you've done nothing wrong."
He smiles weakly at her, sitting up in the semi-darkness and throwing shadows across the floor.
"I don't have much, you know that.
I never have, and I never will because of what I am.
But you, Darcy .
.
.
you could have everything."
"But I don't want everything," Darcy whispers back.
"I only want you."
Lupin chuckles.
"Come here."
Darcy swings a leg over him, sitting in his lap and kissing him on the mouth.
He touches her face, looking up into her eyes, sighing heavily again.
"You are so young, and you've not been given the chance to really live yet.
What happens when you're set free, given the opportunity to do anything, and you decide that freedom quite suits you?"
Frowning, Darcy wraps her arms loosely around Lupin's shoulders.
"What are you saying?"
"Are you absolutely positive this is what you want?
Because I want this for as long as I have left to me.
But if you don't, I won't stop you from leaving."
Darcy hesitates.
She thought it would come easy to her, the reassurances and promise of of course this will be forever.
She had thought it before, wanted him for the rest of her life, never wanting him to leave her side, but she's always been a romantic, and she's always desired a family, but she had never expected her life to go this way.
All those months ago—almost a year ago now—she and Lupin had walked the grounds together and she had confided in him her biggest dream, of having a family and children who would always be loved by their parents.
But when she'd told him that then, Darcy hadn't been talking about a family or a life with him.
It strikes her just now how old he really is—over a decade her senior, likely ready to settle and have children of his own—does he even want children?
Darcy had been so distracted by the idea of not being alone anymore that she hadn't really given a whole lot of thought about their future.
All she had given thought to was her own future, a future that involved protecting Harry, being by his side throughout whatever was to come.
How could she ever have a regular life with Lupin while Harry was in danger?
"Darcy?"
Lupin rasps.
There's a crease between his eyebrows, and he tucks some of her hair behind her ears, clenching his jaw.
"What is it?
What are you thinking?"
With her arms still draped over her shoulders, Darcy kisses his forehead, and he leans into her, his forehead against her collarbone.
Darcy tangles her fingers in the back of his hair, holding him to her.
"I'm not .
.
."
She shifts uncomfortably in his lap.
"Remus, I'm not ready for .
.
.
I mean, I'm happy with what we have right now."
He looks up at her for a long time and kisses the exposed skin just above the collar of her shirt.
Goosebumps rise on her flesh and Darcy purses her lips.
"I'm sorry if it's not enough for you," she murmurs, resting her chin atop his head.
"This is all very new to me .
.
.
and real.
It's always been Harry and me for all of our lives, and I've never felt comfortable being someone's, but I want to be yours."
She pauses.
"I want you to be mine."
"Darcy," Lupin smiles, kissing her neck, nipping her skin lightly.
"Never apologize for that.
What we have now is more than I ever could have asked for, and if you're not ready for something more serious, that's all right.
We have years left, my love."
He pulls away from her and leans against the headboard of the bed, eyes roving over her face.
"I know this is different than anything you've ever done, and I know that you have a lot on your plate, and I'm willing to take things slow, but I need you to tell me what you want."
But his words don't reassure her.
Darcy feels guilty for her inability to fully commit, her inability to give him what he wants.
She appreciates the love he has for her, and it warms her bones.
Darcy takes a moment to think and then climbs off him, closing her bag and swinging it over her shoulder.
"I should be getting back," she says.
"I'll miss you terribly."
"I'll see you next weekend?"
"Or any day during the week."
"Can I write to you if I start to feel lonely at Hogwarts?"
"Always."
Darcy nods, and Lupin stands up from his spot on the bed, pulling a shirt on over his head and walking with her to the front door.
"Remus, I'm s—" "Don't say it."
His tone is firm, but he smiles at her all the same.
"Give my regards to Harry and company."
Lupin gives her a kiss on the cheek, but when Darcy Disapparates from the front step, she regrets not kissing him properly before leavin.
ime moves unusually fast over the next week.
Perhaps it's just Darcy's excitement at the prospect of seeing Gemma again for the first time since the funeral.
She's not quite sure.
Professor Snape is not particularly friendly towards her, but not overly cruel, and he begins to split up the massive amount of homework and essays between themselves to grade (though he does snap at her after claiming she'd been to lenient with Harry's homework, and then proceeds to only give her the first year pieces).
That small gesture (though she's sure Snape is just tired of doing all the work himself) makes her feel rather important, and more like the actual assistant she is instead of someone who just stands in the corner of the classroom, lurking in the shadows.
Unable to keep herself from snooping one day while in Professor Snape's office alone for a few moments, Darcy finds herself opening his desk drawers and finds the .
..
.
badge tucked away in a corner of the topmost drawer.
She can't help but smile, closing the drawer quickly before he can catch her, and his snide comments bounce off her must more easily afterwards.
To save his pride, Darcy doesn't tell Hermione of her findings, but instead bends the truth slightly by telling her that Lupin was very grateful for his badge and what she's doing, which had made Hermione beam.
Harry has dinner in Darcy's apartments on Wednesday, mostly fretting over the possible ways Sirius could get caught, or what they might do with him if he did end up getting caught.
Trying to settle on a happier topic, they settle upon the Triwizard Tournament, hypothesizing about who might put their names forward for such a dangerous and glorious opportunity.
Darcy keeps him well past curfew as the time slips by, and she remembers fondly the way Lupin would offer to walk her back whenever he'd kept her late in his own private rooms.
Every night, Lupin is all she can think of.
She hates it.
All that runs through her mind each and every night is how deeply undeserving of him she is, how she should have known that being a Potter would cause trouble and ruin things in the end.
But Lupin hadn't been around when they were younger, when she and Harry were just kids.
He'd never seen firsthand the closeness that had developed between she and her little brother.
How could he ever possibly understand her need to be with him during such troubling times?
Emily has never understood, either, and Emily had understood a lot more than she let on.
None of her friends could ever understand; Darcy had sacrificed everything to care for Harry, to keep him fed and clean and comforted when he needed comfort.
She had focused on all her energy on making sure that he was loved, and now Harry defines her.
She had come to a new world at eleven-years-old to discover people knew her by name because of her brother, because of her parents.
Her entire life has been centered around Harry, and Darcy can't ever imagine now living a life that isn't tethered to Harry Potter, the Boy Who Lived.
To have a family, to start a family, to commit to forever with someone frightens her.
The future has always frightened her, always uncertain and ever-changing.
Darcy can't pretend that she doesn't want it, though.
It's easy to imagine a few months from now, waking beside Lupin on a Saturday morning and leaving him each Sunday .
.
.
if she hadn't taken this stupid job, she could be with him every single day, love him every day, kiss and touch him every day.
But she knows there must be a reason she's here at Hogwarts, knows now that Dumbledore had been reading signs (to use Sirius' words), and knew that Darcy was needed here.
She had chosen Harry over everything by returning to Hogwarts, just as she's chosen him over everything for as long as she can remember.
The weather seems to change overnight, and on Friday morning, the air is crisper than it had been all week.
Summer is officially over, and the snow capped mountains loom over the browning grass of the Hogwarts grounds.
Leaves are already falling off the branches of the trees in the Forbidden Forest, dark, thin tendrils making the clump of unknown look slightly creepy, despite the amount of times she's been in there.
To see the leaves changing so rapidly seems an ominous sign to Darcy, but she attributes that feeling to her increasing paranoia and brushes it off.
Seasons have always had a mind of their own at Hogwarts, but Darcy had hoped that summer would persist a little while longer, giving her more time to wander the grounds and not have to worry about wearing layers of clothing.
Sirius' reply to Harry's letter still hasn't arrived, but Darcy takes this as a good thing.
She isn't sure where he is now, but she knows that he mustn't be too close, for Hedwig surely would have returned by now if he was far north.
That, or she's flying from wherever he had been, and Sirius may have Apparated somewhere much closer in the meantime.
Regardless, she decides to wait until she hears back from him before doing anything rash.
Her heart pounds in her chest at the thought of admitting she'd been and has been intimate with one of his oldest and closest friends—with one of her parents best and oldest friends.
She can't think of a good way to tell Sirius she loves Lupin without sounding like a petulant child.
Hopefully, Gemma will be able to give her some insight or advice.
Friday night finds her lazing on a sofa in an upstairs room at the Three Broomsticks.
A fire burns in the hearth, keeping the night chill at bay.
A pitcher of warm butterbeer, half-empty now, sits on the corner of the coffee table, the beverage Darcy had decided on after coming to the conclusion that alcohol wouldn't help her grade some first year essays.
Lupin had raised his eyebrows in surprise when she declined his offer to buy a bottle of wine, and she'd scowled at him.
Lupin had only chuckled and said, "You've been spending too much time in Severus's company, I think."
Darcy looks sideways at Lupin every so often, and though he seems utterly lost in his novel, Darcy notices the way that his leg continues to bounce anxiously, the clenching and unclenching of his jaw, the awkward way he rubs the back of his neck every few minutes.
Having had only a couple of days to recover after his last transformation, Darcy feels quite guilty and insensitive about dragging him to Hogsmeade to talk to her friend about becoming someone's project.
But Lupin hasn't complained once, nor has he protested even weakly, hasn't mentioned any pain or exhaustion, despite it being very visible in his face and eyes.
Darcy reaches out for him suddenly, giving his arm a slight squeeze before returning to her work.
Lupin's leg stops bouncing, and he smiles, never taking his eyes off his book.
She lies awake in bed for a long time that night, quiet, her back turned to Lupin.
He brushes the small of her back lightly with the tips of his fingers, a distracted touch that tells Darcy his mind is somewhere far away from the room they're in.
She wonders if it's asking too much of Lupin to have him meet with Gemma, to ask him to submit to whatever experiments Gemma has planned.
But Gemma wouldn't purposefully hurt him, wouldn't force him to do anything he didn't want to do .
.
.
would she?
Is she doing this for Lupin, for the werewolves, or is she doing this for herself, to put her research and her name out there?
To make a name for herself by exploiting the part of Lupin that he hates most about himself?
That's cruel.
How could you think that?
Darcy tells herself.
Gemma has always been good to you.
Gemma has never exploited you.
Why would she do that to someone that you love?
She remembers Hermione being outraged over Darcy's approval to subject Lupin to this experiment, throwing the world animal in her face.
Darcy frowns.
She knows better than anyone that Lupin is no animal.
She thinks of the scars on her shoulder, the scars she doesn't think much of anymore.
Her eyes aren't drawn to them whenever she undresses or dresses in front of a mirror, but Lupin never seems to be able to forget them.
Every time the scars are visible to him, he runs his fingers gently over them or just barely brushes his lips to them.
The scars are always a part of the routine places he kisses her, never lacking attention.
She doesn't remember falling asleep, but she wakes up Saturday morning to a few swift knocks on the door.
Madam Rosmerta's voice makes Lupin stir beside her, his fingers still touching her back.
They both rub their eyes blearily, and Madam Rosmerta calls, "You have a visitor, Mr. Lupin.
Miss Smythe is here to see you."
"I told you, I could announce myself!"
Gemma retorts, huffing on the other side of the door.
Madam Rosmerta doesn't say anything more, and Darcy hears the clicking of her heels against the wooden floors as she walks away.
Darcy picks her watch up off the nightstand and looks at the time.
9:56.
"We'll be down in a minute," Darcy shouts from her place in bed, rolling off the mattress and hurriedly searching for something to wear.
"Order some breakfast for us, would you?"
"No," comes Gemma's reply, a firm and commanding tone that makes Darcy stand up straight and exchange a nervous glance with Lupin.
"This is probably something best done in private."
Before Darcy lets Gemma inside, her heart begins to flutter.
With a hand on the doorknob and Lupin at her side, Darcy asks, "Are you sure about this?"
There are dark circles under his eyes, as if he hadn't slept a wink last night.
"You don't have to go through with this."
Lupin nods.
"It'll be all right."
"I can hear you, you know."
Darcy flushes and opens the door.
Gemma barrels inside, a large and ornate trunk in one hand, the same trunk she'd used for her belongings when at Hogwarts.
Darcy sees her initials embossed in gold on the front, and when Gemma sets it down on the circular table in the room, she gives Darcy a tight hug, then surprises Darcy even further by giving Lupin a one-armed hug that he hesitantly returns, making for a rather awkward scene.
"How have you been?"
Gemma asks Darcy, as Lupin conjures a third chair for himself and sits down beside Darcy, across the table from Gemma.
Darcy shrugs casually.
"As good as I can be, I think."
Gemma gives Darcy a serious look.
"You read what Emily wrote in the Prophet?"
"Yeah, I did.
I saved it, even.
Have you gone to see her lately?"
"I stayed a few nights at her place this last week," Gemma answers, her voice low.
"Her dad is in bad shape, Darcy.
Emily barely comes home from work most days, and when she does, she and her dad don't even speak."
Darcy digests this, but doesn't know what to say.
Gemma doesn't press the issue, turning to Lupin.
"How are you feeling?
I know the full moon was only a few days ago."
"I'm used to it," Lupin replies, a bite to his tone.
"Perhaps we could just begin?"
Gemma nods, leaning forward across the table and suddenly becoming very business-like.
"The study I'm proposing will be conducted over six months, and six full moons.
Healer Bavaria is going to be overseeing all of my research, and any questions that I'm not able to answer, he will.
Now .
.
."
She unbuckles the front of her trunk.
"I am not going to bind you by contract to complete the study, but .
.
."
Gemma rummages inside her trunk for a moment, finding what she needs and pulling it out.
She slams the trunk closed and tosses a drawstring bag to Lupin.
It jingles when it lands on the tabletop.
"I thought you might need a little convincing.
I know it's a lot to agree to, and we don't know each other very well.
This is the first half, and for the fourth, fifth, and sixth month, you'll get the rest in increments the morning after the full moon wanes."
Lupin narrows his eyes at her, but she only nods encouragingly at the bag in front of him.
He unties the loose knot and peers cautiously inside, immediately closing it, his cheeks turning pink.
"Gemma, I .
.
.
I can't accept this—" "You must.
It's yours," Gemma insists.
"Did you think you would have to be subjected to this for free?
You thought I wouldn't make sure you were paid?"
She laughs airily.
"Like I said, the rest will come in increments during the last three months .
.
.
you understand, of course.
Also, Healer Bavaria has authorized the decision to provide you with Wolfsbane in the week preceding the full moon, free of charge.
The details for that we can work out after we've discussed everything."
She pauses, waiting for an answer.
"So .
.
.
what do you think?"
Lupin sighs heavily, fingering the bag of money, looking desperately at it.
After a few moments, he looks up at Darcy, and she nods at him.
Turning back to Gemma, Lupin says, "All right.
Go on, tell me everything."
Gemma smiles from ear to ear.
"The first thing you need to understand is that there is always the chance of risk.
Given with how closely I'm working with a Healer on this case, it's unlikely anything fatal will come about, but we're charting unknown territory here.
You've just got to remember .
.
.
this research will not only affect you, but other werewolves who suffer in silence.
Do you understand?"
"I understand."
"Before we actually move forward with anything new, however, we need to begin with a control.
In a few weeks, when the next full moon comes, I want you to start documenting your symptoms the first day they begin, and continue documenting until the symptoms go away completely.
And please, continue taking the Wolfsbane—our goal is not to cure the physical symptoms and allow you to keep your mind when you transform, but it's more to work alongside the Wolfsbane by treating any physical ailments caused by the lycanthropy directly.
But your documentation will give us a good idea of what we'll be working with."
Darcy stares at Gemma incredulously.
"When did you get so professional, Gemma?"
Gemma only smiles at her, speaking to Lupin again.
"Once we know the kind of symptoms we're working with, we can attempt to treat them.
Now, typically, we've had complaints of a few minor things," she explains, while Lupin looks just as caught off guard as Darcy by Gemma's confident manner.
"I'm assuming you usually feel achy, sore?
Weaker as the full moon gets closer?
Some of our patients have described feeling feverish."
"Er .
.
.
yes," Lupin replies, rubbing at his chin and shrugging.
"All of those things apply, I suppose."
"Maybe you even feel a sort of .
.
."
Gemma pauses, smiling wickedly and looking from Lupin to Darcy and back again.
"Insatiability?"
Lupin blushes in earnest, and Darcy feels a wave of shame wash over her.
They both look away from Gemma until Lupin clears his throat loudly, filling the silence.
"I'll take that as a yes," Gemma answers, laughing.
"With me conducting this study, that means nothing is off limits anymore.
By agreeing to this, you agree to be completely honest with me.
I need to know about every pain, sore, rash, or any other embarrassing symptom."
She chuckles once more.
"The point is, all of your symptoms could be cured quite easily?"
Lupin nods.
"Potions that are made to treat these individual symptoms don't work as well on you, do they?"
"No, I suppose they don't."
"From what we've learned over the years, which is little enough, is that your lycanthropy gives you .
.
.
not an immunity, but think of it like a very high tolerance to these potions.
There is a part of you that isn't quite human, so potions that don't agree with that side of you will never work completely on you."
Gemma speaks with her hands, sounding more knowledgeable than Darcy's ever heard her be about anything.
"That's how we're going to start.
We're going to use basic healing potions and tweak them, switching out some ingredients, eventually growing bolder where we see fit.
But we need to get a good feel of how your body in particular reacts to these potions.
We don't want to start too strong, in fear of how the wolf part of you will react to foreign ingredients.
"Your records of the effects will influence our decisions and, if after six months, we see we've made progress and improvement, then we'll begin moving forward and testing it on the public to make sure it's safe for others.
We're hoping that our final product will work, not only on you, but for everyone.
Not every person is the same, of course .
.
.
our bodies are all so different, but it's a start."
Darcy watches Gemma warily, trying not to give her opinion too loudly.
She knows that this is Lupin's decision and his alone, knows that Gemma isn't forcing him into this, and Darcy will support him in whatever he chooses.
But Gemma's offer doesn't seem so terrible to her—an unlimited supply of Wolfsbane to get him through the next six months, a large sack of money for his troubles, and in return, possibly a solution to the pain that comes with the waxing moon.
Lupin clasps his hands together on the table.
"And what if, by the end of six months, nothing has worked and you've made no progress?"
Gemma only smiles at him, a weak and sad smile.
"Listen," she sighs, slouching back in her chair and suddenly becoming their friend again, and not the professional she had just been.
"I know how it is for werewolves in the world, especially in Britain.
There will always be people who see you as nothing more than a werewolf, than an animal.
But I know that you're just a man.
And I'm not going to continue putting you through the motions like you are an animal.
Six months of using you for our research seems to me more than enough time to find some kind of breakthrough."
He's quiet for a moment, thinking.
"Even if you choose not to do this, you can still keep the money I've just given you, and I'll make sure that Wolfsbane is made available to you when you need it."
"Why would you do that?"
he asks, almost as if he suspects a trap.
Gemma doesn't falter.
"I take care of my friends.
Ask Darcy."
Darcy feels a great surge of affection for Gemma.
She looks at Lupin, putting a hand on his shaking leg under the table.
It steadies at her touch, and Lupin gives her a warm, easy smile.
"All right," he says finally.
"I'll be your victim.
You've given such a rousing speech, it would be a shame to decline now."
Gemma grins wide, reaching back into her trunk for a few sheets of parchment.
There are six in all, with small writing across the surface.
All of them have the same golden lettering at the top, spelling out St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries.
She gives Lupin a quill that she summons from nowhere.
"This is just a waiver.
I trust you at your word, but since all of this research is going to be handed into my superior, I have to follow hospital policy.
I just need your signature at the bottom, acknowledging you understand the risks and have consented."
Lupin sighs dramatically, signing his name in a messy scrawl at the bottom of the second page.
Gemma beams, watching him the whole time, finally looking at Darcy with her eyebrows raised almost to her hairline.
When the ink dries, she puts the papers back in her trunk.
She has him initial in a few places on two other pieces of parchment, and then has him print his name before signing it again on the sixth form.
"Excellent.
Now the real fun begins."
Gemma stands, clapping her hands together.
"Are you allergic to anything you can think of?"
The rest of the morning and most of the afternoon is spent in the room, with Gemma examining every inch of him, a piece of parchment and quill recording every detail in midair.
Gemma seems to have brought the entire hospital with her in her trunk.
She records his weight ("You're far too skinny.
Hasn't Darcy been fattening you up?
"), records his height ("Darcy's always liked her men tall.
"), checks his eyes and his mouth, her fingers grabbing hold of his face with a sort of laziness, as if he's just another patient.
Darcy blushes again upon seeing Gemma touch him with such casual ease.
She feels his neck for a pulse, and then again with his wrist, puts his hands under his shirt to listen to his heart and his breathing and feel for abnormalities.
Darcy is amazed that Gemma doesn't seem to be affected by the heat of his skin the way she is.
Gemma's touch doesn't linger on his skin, doesn't seem to want to drag out the moments she's touching him.
Darcy is amazed that other women don't respond to Lupin like she does, amazed that such simple contact with him still makes her weak, while Gemma seems perfectly happy to manhandle him at times.
But with each touch Gemma gives him, Darcy feels jealousy burn in her chest, her heart beating abnormally fast.
But every time Lupin looks at Darcy and smiles, the jealous monster inside of her settles.
Gemma doesn't seem to notice anything, firing question after question at him, hardly allowing him time to answer.
And then, Gemma pulls a long needle from out of her trunk, and for the first time, Lupin recoils and shows obvious discomfort.
"What are you doing with that?"
he snaps at her, tensing.
Gemma pauses, giving him a rather exasperated look.
"Taking some of your blood," she answers.
"You're a grown man.
Sit still and it'll be over in a minute.
All you'll feel is a pinch."
"What do you need my blood for?"
"Muggle doctors have machines to look closely at blood, did you know?
Healer Bavaria is very interested in Muggle medicine."
She tries to approach, but Lupin takes a hasty step backwards, making her laugh.
"You're really afraid of needles?
Do I need to have Darcy hold your hand?
I thought Gryffindors were supposed to be brave."
"Just do it, then."
Lupin holds out his arm, the one that lacks the severe bite mark.
Gemma waves her wand quickly before setting it down, fussing with the piece of cord she's conjured and wrapping it tight around Lupin's bicep.
She takes a moment to feel around for a vein and then sticks him with the needle.
True to her word, the process is quick and Lupin flinches when she pulls the needle out of his arm.
"All right, I think that's all I need from you."
"As if you didn't just give me a complete head-to-toe examination?"
Lupin jokes feebly, throwing Darcy another easy smile.
She shifts in her chair, feeling very out of place among Gemma and Lupin.
The feeling doesn't sit well with her.
"Be thankful I didn't make you take your clothes off," Gemma says with a raised eyebrow, packing away all of her things.
"Examinations are typically done with our patients in very thin gowns .
.
.
you can see everything in them.
And I mean everything."
"Small comfort," Lupin murmurs, rubbing the spot on his arm were Gemma's needle had poked him.
Gemma closes her trunk and Darcy catches sight of the troubled look on her face.
She frowns.
"Gemma, what's wrong?"
Darcy asks.
Looking from Lupin to Darcy, Gemma continues.
"I've heard rumors, you know," she whispers, and Darcy thinks she's about to find out why Gemma had wanted to lock themselves in a room, away from any potential eavesdroppers.
Darcy leans forward, and Lupin narrows his eyes.
"I overheard my parents talking.
They're .
.
.
worried."
"About what?"
Darcy says eagerly, hungry for information.
"About Hogwarts?
Or Voldemort?"
Gemma looks at Darcy for a long time, and then turns to speak to Lupin directly.
"Their Dark Marks are getting darker for the first time in over a decade.
Just barely, but it's noticeable."
Darcy understands why Gemma's said this to Lupin, for she doesn't understand much else.
She looks to Lupin for clarification, and as soon as their eyes meet, he tells her, "The most important people in Voldemort's circle, most Death Eaters, are branded with the Dark Mark.
I suppose it's like a form of communication between them and Voldemort.
It was a huge discovery during the last war and changed the tide for us, being able to point out who was a Death Eater and who wasn't."
Before Darcy can answer, Gemma speaks again.
"You use the name."
Lupin doesn't falter.
"Why wouldn't I?
It's only a name."
"It's not only a name for people like me," Gemma replies.
"Surely you know that."
He considers Gemma, but doesn't argue.
"How long has it been since their Dark Marks last burned?"
"I'm not sure.
The first I heard of it was just a week ago.
I overheard them at dinner."
Gemma hesitates.
"They're afraid."
She pulls her trunk off the table, holding it at her side.
"I have to bring all this back to St Mungo's before they realize half their hospital is missing.
I'll be back for dinner, Darcy, if you'd like to catch up."
"Sounds great."
Gemma waves good-bye to them and heads back out the door.
As the door closes behind her, Lupin chuckles, shuddering.
"I feel violated."
Darcy doesn't say anything, but stands up and walks over to him, kissing him hard.
Lupin stumbles backwards, responding with surprising force, breathless when Darcy pulls away from them.
"If I have to watch her put hands on you for another second, I might lost my mind," she whispers against his lips, kissing him again.
Lupin laughs.
"I much prefer your gentle hands."
He cards his fingers through her hair and Darcy closes her eyes.
"Come here."
She leans in closer, letting his lips crash against her.
arcy rests her head on Lupin's chest, sighing.
She drags her index finger lazily over a scar that crosses his stomach.
He allows her to, unflinching, just as he's let her touch them every time they go to bed together.
As much as she had smiled and laughed in bed with him just a few minutes ago, Darcy can't help but focus her thoughts again on their meeting with Gemma.
She wants to talk about it, wants to hear how Lupin really feels about the whole thing, wants to ask more questions about Gemma's cryptic comments about her parents Dark Marks becoming darker.
She needs to know what it all means .
.
.
if this is one of the signs Sirius had been talking about in his letter.
She wonders if she should tell Sirius, if she should tell Dumbledore.
Hadn't he asked her specifically to keep an eye out for anything out of the ordinary?
With a guilty pang of her heart, Darcy is struck with a sudden sadness over Sirius.
She had hoped he would write to her every chance he got, hoped he would be awaiting her letters eagerly.
But she doesn't even know where he is, only that it takes a considerable amount of time for an owl to make the journey.
There's so much she wants to tell him.
She wants to hear his voice again, his laughter—she wants things to be the way they should be .
.
.
she, Harry, and Sirius together, a proper family, and Lupin .
.
.
Where does Lupin fit into all of this?
He's my family, too.
And if she's being honest with herself, Darcy had been prepared to be his family the moment she met him, the moment he revealed to her that he'd known her parents, the moment she realized he'd been close to them.
Darcy had thought, for a little while, that Lupin could fill the gap in her heart that had been left by the death of her parents, when she had been abandoned, taken from the arms of her real family and placed on the doorstep of people who didn't want her.
But Darcy never realized it would go this far—she hadn't realized she would grow to love Lupin so much, and that he'd love her just the same in return.
That realization had changed everything, leaving her feeling confused.
"Can we talk about it now?"
she asks, tilting her head back to look at him.
Lupin looks down at her, considering her, his eyes traveling briefly down towards her exposed chest before pulling back up to her eyes.
His hair is ruffled, his eyes tired, but there's a weak smile on his face.
Seeing him so disheveled and flushed is endearing to her—it gives him a youthful appearance that he typically lacks so close to the full moon.
"How are you feeling?"
Darcy asks again, hoping he'll stop scrutinizing her so closely soon.
"It will be fine," Lupin says gently.
"I don't have to worry about becoming a fully-fledged monster for another six months, and I have a large bag of money that is begging to be put to use .
.
.
say, dinner tomorrow night?"
She blushes.
"You should save it instead.
Put it in your vault."
"Hark who's talking," Lupin laughs, making Darcy smiles in earnest.
"Your money management skills are no better.
And I know you told Madam Rosmerta not to let me pay for anything, you cheeky girl."
When Darcy only blushes harder, Lupin sighs happily, "It's cute when you blush."
"What Gemma said earlier .
.
.
about the Dark Mark," she begins carefully, glad to change topics so rapidly.
A crease appears between Lupin's eyebrows and she looks away bashfully, tracing lazy patterns on his skin.
"What does it mean?
Tell me the truth.
I don't quite understand."
"You shouldn't worry about it too much, my love," Lupin whispers, wrapping both arms around her waist and pulling her closer.
She peppers his chest with kisses and he laughs again.
"I'll take care of it.
I don't want you to get yourself all worked up about it."
Between kisses, her lips moving higher up his chest to nip at his collarbone, Darcy murmurs.
"Tell me anyway."
She's too content to be angry right now, too happy with his body pressed against her own.
"Why are you so worried about what I worry about?"
"You do know how to convince a man, don't you?"
he purrs, watching her kiss up his chest, closing his eyes as she presses her lips to his neck.
When her lips touch just below his ear, he groans.
"Who taught you such wicked things?"
She doesn't answer him, but lets her fingertips brush slowly over the skin just below his navel.
Lupin grabs her thigh, attempting to swing it over his hip, but Darcy shakes her head, ceases kissing him, and Lupin's eyes snap open.
"Tell me the truth of what this means, Remus Lupin.
You shouldn't keep anything from me."
Impatience flashes momentarily in his eyes, but he sighs and then it's gone as quickly as it came.
He scoops Darcy's hand from his stomach and laces their fingers together, kissing each of her slender fingers.
"Fine, Gemma's information is .
.
.
worrying."
Darcy pulls away from him immediately, ignoring his soft protests, and she props herself up onto an elbow.
"It means Voldemort is getting stronger again, doesn't it?
But how could that be possible?"
She thinks harder about what Gemma had said, and then continues.
"But why would Gemma's parents be afraid?
Isn't that what they want?
Don't they want to see a powerful Voldemort again?"
Lupin clears his throat, sitting up and propping his pillow against the headboard.
Darcy mimics him, holding the sheet nearly to her chin, to block out any distractions that might keep Lupin from giving her such vital information.
"What you have to understand, Darcy, is that many of Voldemort's most devoted servants are currently in Azkaban."
He pauses, waiting to see if she's going to interrupt him, but Darcy keeps silent.
"When Voldemort disappeared after failing to kill Harry, Death Eaters were rounded up and brought to trial to answer for their crimes.
Many of them were found guilty, of course, and they were sent to Azkaban, but many of them feigned ignorance, claiming they had been put under the Imperius Curse to do Voldemort's bidding."
"And the Ministry just believed them?"
Darcy asks, scrunching her nose.
"It's more complicated than that, my love," Lupin explains with a forced smile.
"Some people, I assume, were put under the Imperius Curse, but it was near impossible for the Ministry to sort out those who were telling the truth and those who weren't."
When Darcy continues to look skeptical, he continues quickly.
"What would you have done?
Condemn them all, even the innocent, to live out the rest of their lives among the dementors at Azkaban?"
Darcy ponders the question.
Could she really condemn innocent people to that forsaken prison?
Isn't that what had happened to Sirius?
"They were cowards," she says suddenly.
"The ones who lied."
Lupin grimaces.
"You could say that," he agrees, nodding very slightly.
"Many of Voldemort's supporters, his Death Eaters, fear his rise to power again because they fear him.
Many of them were tricked into becoming his followers by being blackmailed and tortured, or threatened."
And Darcy suddenly remembers a sunny June afternoon, seated underneath the shade of a beech tree by the lake, Gemma sitting across from her.
My parents didn't exactly sign up to be Death Eaters, Darcy.
They were threatened and blackmailed, and once you're a Death Eater, you can't just decide to hang up your cloak and live out a peaceful life.
And Darcy begins to understand.
Gemma would have been a small child, maybe five or six when the trials had been going on, when Death Eaters were being rounded up.
Her parents would have been afraid for their young daughter had they been sent away to Azkaban, yet they couldn't have just denounced Voldemort at the height of his reign.
She tries to imagine herself in their position, tries to imagine what she would do if forced to choose between Azkaban or someone she loved.
Lupin lets her work everything out for a few moments before speaking again.
"If Voldemort is growing stronger again, I don't doubt that many of his followers are becoming more afraid by the day.
Some may even flee when the time comes," he says.
"Do you think that Voldemort will be forgiving towards those who denied their involvement with him?
Those who wanted nothing to do with him once he vanished?
Those who did not try to seek him out afterwards?"
"Then they should fight against him this time instead of hiding or fleeing," Darcy insists quickly, taking Lupin by surprise.
His eyebrows shoot up to his hairline.
"My mother had me and she still fought against Voldemort."
"Not everyone is your mother," Lupin says after a long and heavy pause.
"Most of Voldemort's followers will return to him and beg his forgiveness .
.
.
should he return at all.
They will return out of fear for their families and their own lives."
"So that's what it all means?"
Darcy whispers, wrapping her fingers around his wrist and giving it a slight squeeze.
"Gemma's parents are afraid because they know he's getting stronger, and they don't want to return to him."
Lupin nods.
"Do you believe it?
Do you believe what she said?"
"I trust that Gemma knows exactly what she's saying, and I trust that she believes it," Lupin says slowly, rubbing his jaw.
"But who's to say the information she overheard was accurate?
Who's to say she didn't misunderstand the conversation out of context?
It's my understanding that Gemma's parents do not actively involve her in such things, nor do they inform her of such information."
Darcy's brow furrows.
"How do you come to that conclusion?
Has she spoken to you about these things?"
Lupin chuckles, but only for a moment before it trails off.
"I do not believe for a second that, had Gemma known what was going to happen at the Quidditch World Cup, she would not have told somebody.
I do not believe she would have gone at all had she known."
He reaches out to tuck some of Darcy's hair behind her ear.
"I would think that event would have been common knowledge among Death Eaters."
Darcy wonders if now is a good time to ask one more question.
Lupin seems so vulnerable—his guard seems lowered and he's tired, and the openness and honesty of their conversation makes her think it'll be easier to solicit an honest answer from him.
"Remus," she starts.
"Do you think there's going to be a war?"
He seems to be battling some internal conflict right before her eyes, and Darcy knows that she could not have asked her question at a better time.
"Yes," he rasps.
"I do."
And something comes to Darcy then, sometime she had forgotten about, but not seems so important.
"Harry told me, at the end of the school year, that he thought Professor Trelawney had made a proper prediction."
Lupin's glossy eyes seem to focus, and he sits up straighter.
"But you never told me this!"
Darcy opens her mouth to speak, feeling apologetic, but she can't find the appropriate words to say.
"I'm sorry, I—I forgot!"
"Go on, then," he urges.
"What did she say?"
"That Voldemort's servant would return, and that was the same night that Peter got away.
And she said that Voldemort would raise again, and he'd .
.
.
he'd be .
.
."
Darcy thinks hard, trying to remember.
It seems a lifetime ago.
"He'd be greater and more terrible .
.
.
something along those lines."
Darcy gives him a minute so the words can fully sink in.
Saying them out loud is frightening after their conversation about Death Eaters.
"Darcy, listen to me," he says, and his tone makes Darcy wary.
She pulls her knees up to her chest, waiting for him to continue.
"You must stay here, at Hogwarts, if a war does come.
It is safe for you here, with Dumbledore as Headmaster, and I .
.
.
as much as I dislike Severus, I don't think he'll let any harm come to you, not truly.
You must stay with Harry and—" "And what?"
Darcy asks, her heart beginning to race.
"And sit the war out?
Hide behind Professor Snape?
Absolutely not!
When the war comes, I'm going to fight, with you and for you, for my parents and my friends, and Harry."
Lupin hesitates, looking as if he expected this answer.
"You have no idea what it was like when Voldemort was in power last time," he replies, keeping his voice low.
"You have no idea what war is like .
.
.
magic you've never thought possible—" "I know what it's like," Darcy snaps.
"I know the cost of war quite well, same as you do."
"Suffering," he snarls, suddenly wolfish.
"All that comes with war is suffering, and is it too much for me to ask to want to keep you away from all of that?
You'd be hunted like an animal, Darcy.
There would be a reward for whoever brought your body back to Voldemort—" "Don't think I don't know what could happen," Darcy shoots back, her pulse pounding in her ears.
"I would rather die fighting Voldemort than hide like a coward—" Lupin interrupts her, startling her, his voice drowning out her own.
"I can't lose you, Darcy."
He looks away from her, his chest rising and falling rapidly, and he takes a deep breath, exhaling through his nose.
"I won't—I can't—" "You won't lose me."
"You're too young—" "The same age as you were when you fought!
When Sirius and my parents fought!
My parents died for me and Harry," she counters.
"I am Lily Potter's daughter, and I will not hide away in a castle while Voldemort is out there somewhere.
My mother and father would never have—" "And I will not lose you the way I lost them!"
Lupin shouts the words, causing Darcy to instinctively scramble away from him.
He looks down at her with wide eyes and tears well in her own.
"No, no, Darcy, I'm sorry .
.
.
please .
.
."
He reaches out for her, taking one of her hands and tugging gently.
"Come here."
Darcy moves slowly back towards him, wrapping the sheet around her tighter.
Lupin's hand moves to her face, to cup her cheek and tangle his fingers in her hair.
He leans in and rests his forehead against her own.
"I know you will not listen," he whispers, pulling away slightly to look her in the eyes.
"But just for this one moment, promise me that you will not fight in this war."
Darcy frowns, and Lupin seems to already know what's coming.
"I can't promise you that."
He looks exasperated, and gives her a small smile.
"You're damn stubborn, Darcy, do you know that?"
"Professor Snape says I get it from my mother."
"Yes," Lupin laughs weakly.
"He's right."
Darcy and Gemma dine alone in the common room of the Three Broomsticks that evening.
She tries to keep the conversation away from anything Voldemort or Death Eater related, and she finds that conversation comes rather naturally.
Darcy has a lot to tell Gemma about Hogwarts and Gemma has good stories about patients who frequent St Mungo's.
They laugh often, giggling like thirteen-year-old girls, yet Darcy can't help but notice that Gemma's laughter almost seems forced, her smiles not as easy as they had been for years before.
There's a definite sense of weariness to her, evident in the way she slouches and in the faint shadows under her eyes.
"Sorry I couldn't be here for your birthday, Darcy," Gemma says finally, after they push their plates away, stomachs full.
"I wanted to come and surprise you, but things have been .
.
.
well, I suppose this is the real world now, isn't it?
We can't just sneak off to the bathroom anymore to drown in firewhisky whenever we want."
Darcy smiles a sad smile, wishing she could relive her last year at Hogwarts, knowing everything that she knows now.
"We might, however, be seeing each other much more often in the near future."
Gemma's dark eyes seem to twinkle.
"Oh?"
she asks, lowering her fork.
"My classes finished at the end of August, and after every graduating class, they choose one graduate to have the opportunity to train on the field.
Normally they send some people off to help the mediwitches and wizards at professional Quidditch games.
But this year isn't like every other year, is it?"
"What do you mean?"
Darcy asks again, eagerly.
"It's the Triwizard Tournament this year, of course!"
Gemma grins.
"They're sending some extra help to the castle to aid Madam Pomfrey during the tasks, just in case, so I'll be working alongside Madam Pomfrey twice a week for the year."
Darcy smiles wide, her spirits lifting.
"That's amazing!
Carla will be so thrilled!"
Gemma shrugs modestly, but there's still a wicked smile on her face.
"I knew you'd like that."
Nodding, Darcy looks down at her lap, blushing suddenly.
She looks up at Gemma again, her eyebrows wrinkled in confusion.
"Can I ask you something?"
Darcy says, clearing her throat nervously.
"And please don't laugh if it sounds stupid."
"What is it?"
"I just, er .
.
."
Darcy looks away again, and Gemma leans in closer.
"You and Remus, I .
.
.
I only mean, you looked very comfortable, er—touching him, and—" Gemma bursts out laughing, making Darcy flush a deep scarlet.
"I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry, Darcy, but I couldn't help myself," she sighs.
"You're being ridiculous.
It's my job to poke and prod.
If I didn't look comfortable, it would have meant I wasn't doing my job properly.
And I would never go after him.
You know that I would never break the girl code."
"You're right, I'm sorry, I'm being ridiculous," Darcy mutters.
"I'm sorry."
"Ah, don't apologize," Gemma says, waving a flippant hand at Darcy.
"I should be the one apologizing.
If it makes you feel any better, you should be rather thankful that it's me and not one of the other girls I took classes with.
I'm telling you, if you hadn't made a move on him, one of them would have."
Darcy chuckles softly.
"I love him, Gemma."
"I know you do."
Gemma lifts her glass of wine and urges Darcy to do the same, cheering each other.
"To you, Darcy.
Happy belated birthday."
"Remus?"
He hums in response, his eyes still closed.
Darcy smiles weakly at him, brushing his hair back out of his eyes.
She leans in and kisses him softly, still amazed that she's able to do that whenever she wants now.
"Do you think I'm the most beautiful girl you've ever met?"
"Of course I do, kitten.
Now go to sleep."
"I can't sleep."
She kisses him again, and he's a bit more receptive this time.
"When did you know that you loved me?"
Lupin's eyes flutter open.
He flashes her a tired smile, closing his eyes again once he catches sight of her.
His fingers card lazily through her hair.
"When I came back that morning," he whispers.
"The morning after everything .
.
.
I had expected silence from you, anger .
.
.
I didn't expect to find you waiting for me to return, unafraid.
I was certain then.
Any other woman—any other sane woman—would have run the other way, but you came back."
"I'm not like other sane women," Darcy smiles, grateful he can't see her blushing.
"No, you're not."
He chuckles, sighing happily.
"There were times before that .
.
.
I had thought .
.
."
Lupin pauses, continuing to run his fingers through her dark red hair.
"Skipping rocks across the lake, carefree.
Falling asleep at my side, something I never thought possible after what I had done to you."
The corners of her lips quirk upwards.
"The first time you said my name.
Do you remember that?"
Darcy laughs softly.
"I remember that."
"It rolled off your tongue so well," he continues.
"Like my name was meant to be said by you."
"I dreamt about you for months, you know."
"All good dreams, I hope?"
It's not entirely the truth, but Darcy can only think of the good dreams—the obscene dreams that had made her blush, that had made her warm and damp between the legs.
"Always good dreams," she tells him.
"Oh?"
Lupin grins, kissing her jaw and moving closer to her, immediately propping himself above her on an elbow.
"And tell me, sweetheart .
.
.
what exactly was I doing in these dreams of yours?"
Darcy laughs loudly as he kisses her neck, nipping at her skin.
"Wicked things .
.
.
sinful things," she answers.
She rakes her fingers through his hair like she'd dreamed of doing for so long, grabbing a fistful.
"Night after night I dreamed of you."
Lupin drags his lips down her throat, placing a kiss at the base of it, looking up for a moment to smile at her.
"Where did I touch you in your dreams, love?"
he murmurs against her cheek.
Darcy takes his free hand in hers, guiding it down to the aching heat between her legs.
He doesn't protest, smiling slyly all the while.
"Did I ever tell you that I loved you in your dreams?"
"No," she sighs, his fingers making her flesh sear with each light touch.
She gasps as he shoves two fingers inside of her roughly, her chest heaving.
"You never did."
"Then perhaps I should tell you now," Lupin says, kissing her lips.
"I love you."
"I love you," she repeats softly, feeling lightheaded with love, unsure of what else to say.
He laughs to himself.
"Yes," he says.
"I love you."
Sunday is spent curled up in front of the fire, Lupin reading aloud to her, their backs against the modest loveseat in the room.
Darcy had to run back up to the castle in order to retrieve the poetry book he'd marked up for her, and she's quite glad she did.
Hearing him purr her favorite poem into her ear makes her feel something, a feeling she's never felt before, a feeling she can't quite place, but a feeling that she can only describe as bliss.
Yet something stirs within her, a pang in her heart that makes her ache—the feeling of having missed out.
Darcy wonders what life would be like if Lupin had come back for her and Harry—if he'd been a part of their lives since the beginning.
She wonders how many days they would have spent together, Darcy and Harry curled up by a fire as Lupin read to them, cared for them, made sure that they weren't so alone in the cruel world they'd been born into.
Lupin notices Darcy's far off stare, her unfocused eyes gazing into the dancing flames, and he closes the book on his thumb.
"What's wrong?"
These words are uttered from him quite often, more so than Darcy wishes.
She wishes that she could just appreciate what they have now, wishing she could just appreciate the present.
She scolds herself silently.
"Nothing," she whispers, adjusting her head on his chest to look up at him.
"Kiss me before I start talking and don't stop."
He sighs, brushing his thumb over her lips.
"A tempting offer," he replies.
"But if there's something bothering you, I'd like to hear what it is."
"I wish I could have known you longer," she confesses quietly, turning her gaze back towards the fire.
Darcy sniffles, rubbing her eyes, trying to stop the tears before they even come.
"I wish I could have met you again before you came to Hogwarts."
Lupin is quiet for a moment, and the arm around her shoulders tightens, holding her close, pressing her to him.
"Things would have been much different between us," he says.
"And I don't doubt that you and Harry both would have brought me much joy, but .
.
."
He hesitates, looking down at Darcy and resting his cheek atop her head.
"At the cost of this .
.
.
is that selfish?"
Darcy doesn't answer for a long time.
She listens to the crackling of the fire, the murmur of conversation coming from the floor below.
She knows how Lupin feels, because she's thought about it so many times before.
She's wondered what a life with Lupin around would have been like, but at the cost of his love, his touches that make her toes curl, his kisses that make her dizzy.
Perhaps it is selfish to want him so much, to need him, and oftentimes she's wondered if—had Lupin not known her parents—they would still love each other.
After all, Darcy had latched onto him after their first real conversation, during a detention she'd been serving in his office.
She'd latched onto the one thing left of her family, even if he wasn't quite that.
But had it not been for her parents, they never would have shared that common ground.
Darcy would likely never have been able to be so open and honest about her feelings with him, and she likely would have just been one of the many teenage girls at Hogwarts who had a sad schoolgirl crush on her professor.
"I'm sorry," he tells her finally.
"I'm sorry that I did nothing.
I'm sorry that I turned a blind eye to you and Harry."
"You don't have to apologize to me.
I know why you never came to us."
Lupin puts the book on the ground at his side, his free hand taking hers.
"I struggled for a long time with my feelings for you," he admits, getting her attention again.
"And sometimes I still feel that I've wronged you, that I've wronged your parents and Sirius, and Harry .
.
."
He inhales deeply, and Darcy feels his heart beat faster against his chest.
Darcy shifts, settling herself in Lupin's lap.
He doesn't protest, and closes his eyes when she leans in to kiss him.
Darcy only leaves him with a soft kiss, pulling away, wanting nothing more than to kiss him harder, deeper, but she only brushes the tip of her nose against his.
"Does it still feel wrong?"
she asks him innocently.
"No," he smiles.
"But I may need another one just to make sure."
"I'll just have to kiss you all the time, I think.
To remind you."
"I won't stop you."
They both laugh, and Darcy rests her cheek against his shoulder, looping her arms underneath his and closing her eyes.
