Hi everyone!
I wanted to upload the second chapter so people reading the story have a general idea of what type of story it's going to be and the direction it will be heading.
I had most of this written from yesterday.
I can't guarantee though that updates will be this regular from now on as I want to put in time and effort into each chapter to shape the story properly.
I also want to thank a few people who reviewed the first chapter.
It honestly meant a lot to me to hear what you thought.
So I'd like to thank Jacpin2002 ( who was my first reviewer) alongside beautifly92, nobody03, ditte3 and nomoremeow.
It means a lot to a writer when you guess take the time out to review stories.
So thank you so much, guys!
So please let me know what you think of the story so far and if you like the direction in which the story is going.
Any feedback is good feedback!
Much love 3 Draco's Point of View Pansy slides her hand around my neck, pulling me close.
Her fingers slipping under the cuff of my shirt.
Her fingertips are ice cold.
"Are you really not going to tell us anything?"
she whines.
Blaise and Goyle both lean in, eavesdropping.
They continue talking amongst themselves but they aren't fooling anyone.
I glare at Blaise who smirks in response.
Damn fool.
I have a feeling he's the one whose put Pansy up to bugging me today.
"Unfortunately I can't.
Dumbledore charmed me," I lie, flicking the page in my history book.
"Charmed?"
Pansy asks.
"He didn't say anything about you having to be charmed during the announcement yesterday," she says questioningly.
I sigh ready for the new onslaught of questions.
"Yeah well," I start, running my hand around the back of my neck.
Pansy drops her hand.
"Dumbledore felt under the circumstances between the mudblood and me that it would be best this way.
As if he knew anything," I comment.
Pansy stills stares at me.
Her inquisitive eyes could draw blood from a stone.
What I say to her I may as well stand up and announce to everyone else in the house with how quickly she can spread gossip.
I need to placate her now before people start to talk and think I'm protecting the mudblood.
"He said I couldn't give away too many details about what I saw but I can tell you it was boring as hell.
She marries some poor, unlucky fool from the ministry and has a couple of ugly half-bloods.
Nothing we didn't already know.
Nothing we can really use against her either," I sigh and eye Pansy.
She bows her head l and I know I've said enough to keep her occupied for the time being while she spreads that around the house.
Naturally- and not very subtly - she excuses herself and finds the first Slytherin girl she can.
Loyalty comes second to gossip in her eyes.
I run my hands through my hair again as an excuse to have a momentary break from everyone's eager eyes.
Blaise uses this moment to join me on the two-seater.
"Look Zabini, I have a throbbing headache after dealing with Pansy for the last half an hour.
Whatever it is can it wait until the banging behind my eyes stops," I plead.
Blaise smirks and folds his legs, throwing an arm behind me on the couch.
He surveys the room as he talks.
"She making the rounds quite quickly, wouldn't you say?"
Blaise notes the crowd gathered around Pansy as they try to hide.
I sigh again.
"Yeah, and whose fault is it that she was bothering me all morning?"
I ask, glaring at Blaise.
He chuckles.
"Call it punishment," he states, smugly.
"Punishment for what?"
I ask incredulously.
"You missed the meeting last night.
My father told me, Master wasn't happy," Blaise murmurs low enough that it manages to stay just between us.
"I'm sorry did you not see what happened last night?
I was with Dumbledore and the mudblood.
I could hardly excuse myself without raising suspicion?"
I claim.
Blaise accepts this but his expression doesn't change.
"I'm just warning you Malfoy that the Dark Lord notes absences," Blaise warns.
"He can note all the absents he wants.
He knows where my loyalty lies," I say with clenched teeth but a sweat breaks out on my back.
Blaise raises his hands in defense.
"Don't bite the messenger.
I'm just letting you know that your absence was noted is all," he says, defensively.
"Duly noted," I snap back.
The mark on my arm starts to burn and I slap my hand over my forearm and squeeze until it passes.
"Hmm," Blaise sneers noticing my discomfort.
"Usually it's sore when it's fresh.
But it could almost mean he's not too happy with you," Blaise smirks, picking up a book Pansy left behind and flicking through it nonchalantly.
"Can you just fuck off Blaise I'm not in the mood," I seethe.
He snaps the book closed and eyes me with a knowing expression.
"Malfoy you know I'm only trying to help you.
I am your friend and I want you to succeed with this," he admits, dropping the hand that was behind me on the couch onto my shoulder.
I jolt away as it feels too similar to the way Dumbledore touched my shoulders last night.
"Woah, ease up man," Blaise laughs slapping me on the back.
Pansy stops her gossiping for a second to watch the exchange between us.
Seeing is there anything going on that might prove more useful to her.
When she deems our conversation as below her interest she moves her attention back to the crowd around her, happy in any spotlight she can get.
"Convenient how much you consider us friends now?"
I suggest.
Blaise smirks again.
"I don't envy you if that's what you're getting at," he laughs sarcastically.
I roll my eyes.
"Sure you don't," I say.
"Believe me when I say you weren't masters first choice given Lucius's history," Blaise says, poking at me.
Unfortunately, he knows how to get to me.
It works.
"Don't let your jealousy show too much Blaise the girls don't exactly like that," I laugh, pointing at him suggestingly.
"I mean if you could actually get anyone," I say smirking.
Blaise laughs but a little red patches his neck.
His face remains solid.
It's hard to break through a Slytherins façade.
We are all built the same I guess.
"It's good you still have your sense of humor Malfoy.
If you don't succeed that might be the only thing left of you," he warns.
The conversation between us is a battle; the mood and tone constantly shifting.
We are talking but we may as well be playing chess.
We both want different end results that are in our favor.
"Hoping I won't succeed?"
I suggest.
"Want to take my place is it?"
"As I said before, I'm not envious.
I wouldn't want to be burden with the task of murdering one of the greatest wizards of all time," he laughs.
I glare at him.
"Keep your fucking voice down," I warn looking around to see a few eyes turned our way.
They've noticed our conversation tone keeps changing too much.
He squeezes my shoulder roughly.
"You should know he asked about what happened last night," Blaise admits.
"What do you mean?"
I ask.
"Well news spread fast that it was the mudblood's future you saw," Blaise says.
"And?"
I say.
"I already told Pansy it was a load of crap.
Nothing we can use," I lie.
Blaise weighs this around for a moment.
"I just thought that was just some shit you told Pansy to get her off your back," Blaise proposes.
"Nope.
If there was anything of use I would have contacted the Dark Lord myself immediately," I supply.
He seems to accept this.
Check.
When our verbal spar dwells I feel the tide move in my favor.
"I will let my father know then that there was nothing of use in Granger's future.
I'm sure master was hoping there might be some news on Potter's plan," Blaise enquires.
"No, he wasn't even in her future," I lie.
Potter had been older in the glimpse I had seen of him and the young weasel.
I don't know what that means but if that information got out I don't know how much would change.
It could mean that Potter lives.
It could mean that he wins.
Then everything could change very quickly.
Perhaps my education would come second to the cause and my parents would pull me from Hogwarts.
The idea of sitting in the manor every night alongside my ever silent mother doesn't appeal to me.
I had hoped for two more years of ignorance before I was chosen by the dark lord to carry out this mission.
I'm going to enjoy as much time as I can.
While I have time left.
"That's good news then," Blaise says smiling.
I freeze realising just saying that was enough to give him something to talk about.
"But it was just her future," I interject before his mind can do too much wandering.
"I didn't see anyone but her and picking up after a few half-bloods is all," I say, faking nonchalance.
"Waste of my time if you ask me," I say.
Blaise laughs pushing my shoulder.
"Must have been horrible to have to see her filthy future," he says, his mouth turning down in disgust.
"I would have gladly given you my place then," I laugh a little too hard.
But Blaise joins me quickly and the tension between us starts to ease.
Common ground I think.
An easy subject to sway the conversation.
"I'm good man," he answers.
He steps up away from the chair and scans the room.
"Anyways, let me know if you need anything.
I've got your back," he says.
"Yeah, for sure," I respond.
He walks away.
Checkmate.
Hermione's Point of View I put my hand down fast on ginny's wrist.
"Ginny, please.
Can we just pretend that it never happened?"
I plead.
"How can you say that, Hermione?
You won a prize that you don't even get because of him.
It's not fair and I think you should go and see Dumbledore about it and have Malfoy hold up his end of the bargain.
This is not fair on you!"
She exclaims.
"I don't mind, really!"
I admit.
Mostly I don't care.
I want to turn back time and pretend it never happened in the first place.
Just move on with my life as normal.
"Now we're exactly the same.
We both don't know what's supposed to happen in our future and that's the way it's meant to be.
Muggles do it every day.
It's called 'going with the flow'," I say trying to convince her.
She scowls in response.
"Maybe if Harry went and spoke to Dumbledor-" "I don't want Harry getting involved in this.
He has enough on his plate than to worry about something as silly as this.
I mean what did you expect Ginny?"
I ask.
"Did you think Malfoy was going to forget he hates me and suddenly tell me everything?"
I explain.
But a part of me wants to sit on the other side with Ginny and berate me for not doing more.
But what else can be done?
"No I didn't think he was just going to tell you everything but I would have assumed Dumbledore or Professor McGonagall might have enforced it.
Even have him write it down if he didn't want to talk to you.
I don't know, Hermione!
I expect more than this," she says furiously.
"So did I," I admit.
"Then do something or I will," she warns stepping up away from the table to go to class.
I sigh watching her walk away and out the doors of the great hall.
I look towards the Slytherin table to see if Malfoy is there but he's nowhere to be seen and neither is his friends.
I make my way to potions ignoring the curious eyes that follow me.
Draco Point of View In potions, Slughorn divides the class into teams of two for an assignment.
I end up with Blaise looking oddly smug.
The worst part is not that I am stuck with Blaise but that our work table is connected to Grangers.
She sends the weasel to the garden outside to pick the necessary plants and ingredients.
Blaise follows him outside with a basket and a scribbled note of ingredients.
I take out the cauldron and try my best to focus.
Slughorn moves to the top of the classroom and takes out a clear vile from his pocket and the class stops what they're doing.
"Whoever is lucky enough to brew this potion will win this," he says presenting the tiny vile.
"Sir, what is it?"
Granger asks in her typical annoying voice.
But I already know what it is by the vile it's kept in.
I recognise it from something I had seen in one of my fathers older potions books in the library at home.
"Why Miss Granger I would have thought you would know what it is?
Given that you currently have the top marks in the class," Slughorn says to which Granger's cheeks flush a bright red.
I smirk.
Serves her right.
Know-it-all.
"Felix Felicis," Slughorn announces.
"Also known as –" "Liquid Luck," Granger interjects.
"Yes, Miss Granger.
Very good.
I was worried there for a second," Slughorn laughs to which Granger visibly relaxes having redeemed herself in her professor's eyes.
I roll my eyes.
"This little potion will make all your wildest endeavors come true, giving you the courage needed to succeed.
I have used it twice in my life and I must say both were terribly wonderful days."
Slughorn laughs, his eyes fluttering away in memory.
He sets the vile down leaning against his ink well on the table.
"Now I shall leave this here as a motivator.
Whichever team brews the potion first will be able to claim it.
Within the hour of the class of course," he says.
Granger turns back to her work station immediately and starts the fire underneath the small cauldron.
She rolls up her sleeves and sets about following the order of the instructions.
I watch her finger run down the list as her brow furrows uneasily.
Blaise returns with the basket of ingredients and I grab them off of him.
"Woah, someone is excited about potions," he laughs.
Granger looks up at me from her notes.
I scowl and she averts her eyes to where weasel is struggling in the door with a handful of broken plants and leaves.
Granger frowns and runs over to him, helping him carry them to the table.
He leaves a long trail of dirt from the garden to their work station.
Slughorn sighs from behind his table.
Granger flushes even redder than before.
She whispers a charm and the dirt gets sucked back out towards the garden.
"I need to get this right, Zabini," I whisper low so Granger or the weasel can't hear.
Blaise looks around the room suspiciously.
"Why?"
he asks, unsure.
I nod towards the vile on the table.
"I need that liquid luck," I admit somewhat embarrassed.
Blaise puts two and two together and smirks down at me.
Damn him for being a little bit taller than me.
"Wipe the smirk off your face," I demand.
He raises his hand in defense.
"I didn't say anything," he laughs.
"Yeah well, I know what you were thinking," I say.
"I was under the impression you weren't having trouble with the task," he questions.
I elbow him in the ribs to which Granger's eyes slightly flicker up towards us from her notes.
I give him a furious look to be quiet.
He shrugs.
"I didn't realise you needed courage?"
he explains.
I frowned, uncomfortable with the direction the conversation is going and the fact that Granger is a mere foot away from me.
"I don't need courage.
I just need it to be done.
I need to finish my task.
Master is waiting and that vile can guarantee I succeed," I explain.
Blaise accepts this response and nods.
"If you say so," he smirks.
I push his hands away from the basket and take out the ingredients, lining them up on the table.
I work my way down through the list of instructions.
"Lovers tiff?"
the weasel says smugly, watching us.
"Surprised you know what a lovers tiff looks like weasel!"
I respond, challenging him.
"From what I've heard you haven't much experience with anything like that," I joke.
Blaise sniggers beside me.
Ever faithful.
The weasel's face turns a shade that matches his hair.
"Boys!"
Slughorn warns, eyeing us from his desk.
I glower before turning my attention back to the bean-like growth on the counter.
"You have to cut it," Blaise says pointing at the notes in the book.
"Do you not see me trying?"
I explain as the bean flies around the counter escaping my knife at every turn.
"Give me the bloody knife," Blaise says grabbing it from my hand.
"Be my guest," I say frustrated.
I move back to let Blaise stand in front of the cauldron.
I look around the room and notice a few other students are struggling with the very same instructions.
I allow myself to look up at Granger.
Her hair seems to have eaten something and grown twice its mass.
When she turns the weasel visibly moves away from it.
Her own tiny bean-like growth darts around her worktable.
The more it moves the more sweat gathers in her eyebrows.
Weasel tries to help but I can tell by her facial expression that he is more of a burden than anything.
She sighs dropping the knife staring around the room at everyone else.
When she meets my eyes I think of the necklace under my bed in the dormitory and how it's been cursed, waiting to be gifted to Dumbledore.
I look at Weasel, leaning over the instructions in the manual.
I remember his hand in hers in the glimpse of her second future.
I turn back to her curious expression and I see her lifeless body being dragged away by my family house-elf.
That will be two deaths on my hands before I turn 19.
One is an order, the other a choice.
Could I spare one to make up for the other?
An eye for an eye.
In one future Granger lives and in the other she dies.
Regardless of what happens in the first, if I keep her away from Weasel then the alternative can never come true.
No matter what future she's left with.
If I keep her away from him then she is safe.
If I somehow warn her or convince her to stay away from him she can choose her own future.
One as far away from me as possible.
Maybe saving her can make up for- "Malfoy, are you even listening?"
Blaise asks interrupting my thoughts.
I drop my eyes not realising I had been staring so intently at Granger this entire time.
"What is it, Zabini?"
I ask.
He motions to the juice leaking out of the growth-like bean on the counter.
"You were supposed to cut it," I say, reading the instructions I've read a thousand times in the last 40 minutes.
"My knife slipped and I accidentally crushed it," he admits.
"Well put it in!
Come on," I urge him.
Slughorn lets out a loud roar.
"Oh Congratulations, Mr. Potter," Slughorn exclaims.
"Students come!
Gather around.
I believe Mr. Potter here has done it," he shouts beckoning the class.
I throw the book down on the counter in frustration.
It flys across the worktable and hits Granger's bag off the table.
Her bag tips over and her books tumble out across the floor.
"Malfoy you did that on purpose," the weasel shouts.
I smirk at him, seething.
Out of the three, I've really always hated him the most.
"So what if I did?"
I ask, stepping towards him.
My 6 foot 2 dwarfs his 5 foot 10 but he still steps forward.
I leered down at him.
"Do you always have to be such a dick," the weasel asks.
A few students have noticed but Slughorn is still praising Potter.
I stare at the liquid luck for a minute and think of just grabbing it while everyone is distracted.
"Only when it comes to her," I say motioning towards Granger.
She blushes and zips her bag up.
"Ronald, leave it," Granger begs, pulling on his hand.
I look down as he cups her fragile hand in his.
Heat builds in my chest.
Anger.
Blood red.
I feel Blaise beside me, watching me.
I squeeze my fist and let the anger focus on that one point.
"Easy Malfoy," Blaise whispers, real low, "Not here," he suggests, eyeing some of the students watching the altercation.
"Another time weasel," I sneer.
He smiles in response.
"Anytime."
Granger pulls his hand as he backs off but she eyes something as he turns.
When I look down I realise it's my slightly exposed forearms.
I catch her eye again.
She's looking for the mark that she wonders is there.
But she's not stupid enough to know I wouldn't charm it if it was there.
Her eyes are filled with curiosity and fear and I glare at her.
I laugh as Blaise pulls me back.
She frowns and turns to join the rest of the students praising the prodigy potter.
What a joke to think a future is possible where we are able to be together, let alone actually co-exist peacefully.
"Let's fucking bail," I say.
Blaise grabs his books off the table and follows me out of the classroom.
A curious set of eyes follow.
Please Review.
It would mean a lot to m.
ey everyone!
So I want to thank everyone who reviewed the last chapter it always means a lot to me.
Also, I've added this story to AO3 if anyone prefers to read it on that site instead.
I do hope this chapter is to your liking.
Feedback is always welcome and encouraged!
Much love 3 Hermione's Point of View.
Harry drags the chair out beside me causing me to jump.
"Sorry!"
He cries, placing a comforting hand on my shoulder to relax me.
"Why are you so jumpy?"
he asks, putting his books on the table in front of him.
"And why are you in this section of the library?
I almost didn't recognise you.
You never sit over here?"
He asks, opening up the charms assignment that's due last period today.
I look around noticing that there aren't many other students on the second floor beside the temp librarian.
I hadn't been as inconspicuous as I had wished.
"Hermione?"
He asks, his voice is unsure.
"You're being a little weird," he jokes.
"I'm hiding," I finally admit, smoothing out the ends of my school skirt.
"From who?"
he asks shocked.
"Mostly Ginny," I confess with a small laugh, picking up my inkwell.
I open a blank page in Harry's notebook and start writing out the key points of the assignment.
"Oh, you don't have to do that," he says but his voice gives him away.
I smile and he snorts a little, embarrassed.
We still play this game sometimes, the pleasantries and all.
He pretends it's not the reason he has come looking for me in the library and I pretend it's a burden to help him with school work.
We've been doing it for years now.
But it is a part of us and our relationship.
"So why are you hiding from Ginny?"
he asks, changing the subject.
I copy some of the notes from my assignment, changing the wording so Professor Flitwick won't notice.
Not that he would notice if every student handed in the exact same assignment; word for word.
"It's nothing really," I dismiss.
"Come on," Harry pushes.
I sigh putting down the quill and turning towards him.
"It's just that she kind of keeps bugging me about the whole Malfoy thing.
I mean I get it I just don't want to talk about it anymore," I confess.
I don't want to think about him anymore.
Each time I do I get a strange discomfort in my stomach and I refuse to allow him to have any sort of power over me.
When I went to Madame Pomfrey earlier she said the pain was nothing to worry about that cold and flu season was coming up.
I didn't argue with her because I knew she wasn't going to give me anything that would actually help the situation.
It was more of a cry for help if anything.
"Hermione you can't hide in the library forever.
She will eventually find you," Harry laughs and I blush a little at his remark.
"I mean it's the first place I looked for you," he teases.
"I know I'm just hoping that she lets it go soon is all," I say.
"I can talk to her if you want?"
He offers.
"No, honestly," I insist.
"I'm sure it'll be old news very soon," Harry assures me.
"But I agree with you," he says nonchalantly.
I turn towards him, confused.
"What do you mean?"
"I know it was a great opportunity and it would have been amazing if Malfoy hadn't been chosen.
But he was and unfortunately, we just have to let it go.
Besides, I don't want you anywhere near him," Harry maintained.
I scoff a little taken back.
"Harry," I start, resting my hand on his arm.
"I am a big girl now and I can take care of myself.
I'm not scared of Malfoy," I finish.
Harry sighs and turns towards his charms assignment.
"I'm not trying to belittle you.
I know you can hold your own," he admits.
"It's just things are different now, especially after what we saw and Borgin and Burkes," he insinuates.
"We don't know what we saw," I chastise.
"It's a big assumption," Harry shrugs.
"Is it such a big assumption though?"
he pushes.
The librarian walks passed and shushes Harry, frowning when she notices I'm responsible for talking too.
Great.
"Keep your voice down," I whisper shoving his arm.
"I don't want to talk about it anymore," I say handing him over the piece of parchment with his notes on it.
"His father is a Death eater it's only natural that he too would join," Harry mutters quietly but intently.
"I mean it was going to happen eventually," he adds.
"Harry," I say, my voice a plead for him to listen.
"He's only seventeen years old.
What would you-know-who want with him?"
I say dubiously.
Harry laments loudly.
I look at his face and notice the bags under his eyes and the fact that small lines are starting to form.
He looks old, much older than seventeen.
He turns and smiles at me reassuringly.
"I care about you, Hermione.
I don't want to see anything happen to you.
But you can be a little naïve sometimes," Harry says regretfully.
He picks up his charms books and shoves them into the disaster that is his bag.
"He's not a good person.
So if you are curious about what he saw in the Pensieve I think it's best if you just forget about it," Harry says.
He picks up his bag and slings it over his left shoulder.
"I understand it's easier said than done."
"I'm not curious," I lie.
Harry grins and tries to flatten down my hair on the top.
"When you're done hiding, Ron and I are going to go practice some quidditch at 2 if you want to come to watch," he offers, waving over his shoulder as he exits.
The librarian passes again a look of relief on her face when she notices Harry is finally gone and her sanctuary is quiet again.
I pull out a letter from between the folds of my book and open it again, reading over it.
It came in the post this morning.
A letter from my parents detailing how happy they were that I had won some kind of reward.
My mother had asked for details as Professor McGonagall hasn't given many details.
I frown reading over it wishing Professor McGonagall hasn't sent any letter in the first place.
I take out a new piece of parchment and write a return letter to my parents.
I drag it out mostly talking about school and how the trip to Hogsmeade is coming up soon, along with Slughorn's Christmas Party.
When I'm almost running out of space at the end I dismiss the award and inform them it was only a small award for academics, assuring them that they hand them out every year to a student.
I fold it up and seal it in a new envelope making a mental note to send it later when I'm in my room.
I turn and look out at the rain beating down outside the window.
December has been particularly rough this year with more days of rain than anything else but it is to be expected.
I watch the trees sway in the breeze outside thinking how the person who hates me most in the school knows more about me than I do.
Draco's Point of View Blaise drops down in the couch beside me.
"Where have you been?"
I question.
I notice Pansy watching me from near the fireplace.
The common room is unusually packed on a Thursday evening and the noise is starting to give me a headache.
The noise and sounds like bleating sheep.
Pansy draws a line down Nott's neck with her fingers and he leans into her.
I roll my eyes in her direction.
Better Nott than me.
"Tutoring first years," Blaise explains rolling up his shirt sleeves.
"Tutoring!
You?"
I reply smugly.
"See Malfoy you're not the only one playing a game in this school," he says arrogantly.
He surveys the room, taking in the herd.
"Trying to keep up a certain image if you get what I mean," he says.
"Less suspicious that way if you have a few ticks beside your name."
"You might want to give it a try," he says suggestingly.
"What's that supposed to mean?"
I ask.
He runs his tongue over his bottom lip.
"Might draw less attention to you.
From the Professors I mean," he advises.
"Look," I start, turning towards him.
"I don't give a fuck what they think or who is paying attention to me.
Whatever you're hinting at just spit it out," I imply.
"Let's just say I'm not the only one being asked to report back on you," he reminds me glancing around the common room.
I join him and notice between the twists and turns of movements there are a few quick glances towards us by a few students I wouldn't usually pay too much attention too.
I rub my hand over the back of my neck in frustration.
"You don't need to worry about it, okay?
I have a plan."
I express.
I want to stand up and go to my dormitory but unfortunately, Blaise shares the same room so he would probably follow me.
I want to yell at him and anyone else who wants to listen that it's not exactly a simple task I have been given.
It's not like I can just nip it in the bud and run to catch the last ten minutes of potions afterwards.
It takes careful planning and most of all courage.
I think of Granger hidden away somewhere else in this castle most likely cosying up to weasel and I push away the image of her lifeless corpse beside Dumbledores in my head.
I can feel the blood start to run out of my face and down my neck.
I lean forward to stop my head spinning.
The whole Granger situation has made it hard to focus on my mission.
If I could just deal with her first then maybe it would pacify some of my inner turmoil and I could finally get it over and done with.
But I think of what comes after and the decisions I have to make.
I imagine once it's done that things will move rather quickly and it will be goodbye Hogwarts.
I will have to step into the path that my father has paved for me whether I am ready for it or not.
"You need to make some progress Malfoy.
People have noticed," Blaise interjects my thoughts.
"I know what I'm doing," I snap back massaging my temples.
Blaise pulls a small flask from his bag and hands it to me.
"You need to chill out man.
Here," He says.
"It's something a little stronger than pumpkin juice," he says smirking.
I take it from him and unscrew the top gulping a mouthful down.
The water immediately runs out of my eyes.
It's a lot stronger than pumpkin juice.
Blaise motions to Nott's hand finding it's way around Pansy's back.
"Jealous?"
he eyes me.
I scoff, a bit of the alcohol dripping down my chin.
I swipe it away off my cuff.
"Not in the slightest," I laugh.
"Think she'll take him to Slughorn's Christmas Party?"
Blaise asks.
But then he turns and eyes me with a superior expression.
"Oh, that's right," he laughs.
"You didn't make the cut," he jokes.
"Shut it!
I don't want to go to his stupid Christmas party," I say taking another long swing from the flask.
It burns down my throat but the noise in the room seems to grow a little quieter and for once I'm glad for Blaise.
"The mudblood made the cut and you didn't.
Bet you didn't see that in her future," he sneers stepping up from the couch.
"Yeah, and who are you going with?
Goyle?"
I mock.
Blaise half-smiles down at me, his eyes light up.
"Astoria Greengrass," he winks.
He picks up his bag and I hand him back his flask.
"Keep it, you need it more than me right now."
I take a deep swing as Blaise disappears up the winding stairs to the dormitories.
I groan in aggravation to which a few students notice.
I hadn't taken into consideration that Slughorn's party was this Saturday.
If I had any chance of keeping Granger alive I needed to warn her away from Weasel.
My odds of betting on her already going with the weasel seem pretty high.
There was no entertaining the notion of her first future.
It was this or nothing and I'll be damned if she doesn't listen.
I grab the flask and shove it in the pocket of my robe and leave the common room.
Hermione's Point of View Professor McGonagall stacks the papers on her desk and shoves them in the top drawer.
"Did you check the tutoring sign-in sheet?"
She asks.
I eye the page checking all the names, noticing some surprising ones.
"Anyone miss their sessions today?"
She asks.
I notice a blank space beside Padma.
"Padma missed hers today but I saw her earlier in the infirmary.
She wasn't well yesterday either so," I confirm.
"The infirmary?
Why were you there today?
You feeling okay Miss Granger?"
McGonagall asks with concern.
"Oh no, it was nothing, really.
I just had a stomach ache.
I'm fine now," I stammer.
She eyes me suspiciously but buys my excuse.
"Okay Miss Granger I don't know about you but I'm done here.
Are you okay to finish by yourself?"
She inquires.
"Of course," I assure her with a smile.
McGonagall smiles back and takes her leave, her desk cleaning itself as she exits.
I pin back up the tutoring sheet on the wall and make my way around the room blowing out the candles.
The wind whistles through the cracks in the window frame and I stop and listen for a minute.
Abruptly the door scratches open, creaking loudly as it drags across the floor.
To my disbelief Malfoy steps in.
The rest of the candles along the right side of the room blow out with the breeze as he closes the door behind him.
I'm half shrouded in darkness.
"Professor McGonagall just left," I inform him uneasily, wishing I hadn't started blowing out the candles.
I step over to the other side of the classroom, into the light.
He watches me with a heated expression.
"I was looking for you," he declares stepping away from the door and in front of McGonagall's desk.
I step back.
"Why?"
I ask trying to keep my voice even.
My mouth suddenly seemed to lack any moisture.
The satisfaction of the security I felt when Professor McGonagall was here is a distant memory as soon as he entered the room.
"I need you to do something for me," he says nonchalantly.
I scoff a loud.
"You want me to do something for you," I say slowly making sure I heard him correctly.
He nods.
I shake my head at him aghast.
This is not what I imagined when he walked into the room.
"You're joking me, right?"
I ask confused.
"Why would I ever do anything for you?"
I question him seriously.
"Because I have information that you want," he smirks stepping towards me again.
Now there are only two desks between us and my legs refuse to move.
Anxiety starts to tear at my heart.
If I scream now I wonder would McGonagall still hear me or is she too far gone?
But I don't.
Something about the way he's looking at me makes me curious.
But the fear is still there because the time has officially come when he has decided to use what he saw in the Pensieve against me.
Like I knew deep down it would.
"Are you blackmailing me?"
I ask, afraid of the answer.
"Not exactly," he smirks, taking a seat on top of the table.
"I have some information you want, right?"
he asks, tilting his head at me.
His eyes are slightly glassy and most of the colour in his face is lost here in the dark.
He looks different, like something I remember Harry saying when we got off the train this year in September.
He mentioned that Malfoy's expression seemed different, thinner almost.
Lifeless.
At the time I didn't pay much attention to it because of Harry's notions about Malfoy.
Now I can properly see it when he's this close to me.
He's the same but not exactly.
There is something missing.
Something gone.
"I don't know if it's worth it," I admit.
Surely whatever he wants me to do for him is not worth whatever he knows about me.
"Oh, it's worth it," he laughs.
"But you wouldn't want anyone else to hear about either, now would you?"
He adds.
"So, this is blackmail," I realise.
Malfoy laughs again maliciously but I can hear somewhere in his voice that if he didn't sneer so much it might actually be an endearing laugh.
"No.
This is a deal," he interjects.
"You're familiar with the term, correct?
You do something for me and in return, I'll let you ask me one question every week about what I saw in the Pensieve," he says.
"Every week?
How long do I have to do this thing for you?"
I ask.
I see his jaw visible clench and when he goes running a hand through his hair a slight wind follows, carrying with it a smell of alcohol.
He's been drinking.
I step away from the table and get my bag.
"Where are you going?"
He demands, grabbing my arm.
"Let go of me," I say pushing on his arm.
He seethes but releases my arm.
I pull on my sleeve where he's ruffled the material.
He's close as he glares down at me and I can smell the alcohol more clearly now.
He's lucky I don't report him.
"I don't care what you saw in the Pensieve or who you plan on telling, Malfoy.
I just don't care enough," I admit.
His face is inexplicable but I think I see a flash of momentary panic.
He smirks.
"You may be able to lie to weasel and Potter but you can't bullshit me, Granger.
I'm a Slytherin," he says.
"I know that you care," he adds.
I push my tongue against my teeth trying to keep my expression neutral.
"How are you so sure I care?"
I inquire confidently but his smile makes me nervous.
"Because you care what people think of you.
You've always worried about their opinion otherwise you wouldn't try so hard to always be right.
Heaven forbid you make a mistake or get an answer wrong.
What would they say about you then?"
he laughs.
"Oh, the mudblood really isn't that smart they'll say.
What can she possibly offer the prodigy Potter now?"
he admits.
Malfoy has a way of holding his expression when he knows what he's going to say is going to hurt someone.
I look away because I don't want to see.
But it does hurt and he knows it.
How can he look at me and know me like that?
Really know me.
Especially when this conversation is the most words we've ever spoken to each other consecutively.
"What is it that you want?"
I finally ask, complaint.
He sighs as his breath washes over me pushing the flyways past my ears.
"I need you to stay away from the weasel," he admits finally.
I step back bumping into a table and what feels like bruising my hip.
"Romantically," he adds, eyeing me.
"Ron!"
I shout, confused.
"You want me to stay away from one of my best friends.
Why?
What reason could you possibly have?"
I exclaim.
"Besides there's nothing between Ron and me anyways," I divulge.
Malfoy scoffs and rolls his eyes.
"God you really aren't as smart as you pretend to be," he says.
"What do you mean?"
I ask questioningly.
"That oaf practically drools after you, Granger.
I guess you just don't notice it," he says.
I blush furiously and try to avert my eyes.
"I don't know what you mean," I stammer and Malfoy smirks in response clearly pleased with making me so uncomfortable.
"That is my offer," he declares, his tone final.
"I just told you there was nothing between Ron and I.
So, deal.
No big deal to me," I admit feeling a little dirty agreeing to something Malfoy has asked me to do.
"Good," Malfoy says.
"Because I'll be watching, Granger," he adds smirking.
I look at his plush, red lips as he speaks, marvel over his slim nose and high cheekbones.
I think of how conventionally handsome Draco Malfoy is and I wonder who he will end up with.
Perhaps another Slytherin; maybe Pansy.
Or the really beautiful girl in 7th year.
I wonder if the roles were reversed what I would see in his future.
I snap back, confused.
Maybe I'm getting high off the alcohol fumes coming from him.
He creases his eyebrows at me and I blush.
"I-I have to go," I say picking up my bag and pushing past him.
When I get to the door Malfoy calls.
"Granger," he yells.
I turn around on my heel.
"First of all, let us keep this a secret between you and me," he warns.
I nod.
Not like I would want anyone finding out that Malfoy and I managed to talk in a room for 10 minutes without anyone getting hurt or seriously injured.
"and aren't you forgetting something?"
he asks.
The question makes my cheek flush red as it reminds me of my mother asking it before I would leave for primary school.
She would lean her cheek down for a peck.
"Um," I stutter looking around the room.
He rolls his eyes.
"Your question?"
he asks.
"One a week, remember?"
He says.
I look around the room and gather my thoughts.
The breeze coming in the aperture of the door whistles between my legs making all the hairs stand up on my upper thigh.
I had completely forgotten about it.
"Why do you want me to stay away from Ron?"
I ask.
He rolls his eyes in response.
"That's my business, Granger.
Now ask me a question about your future," he demands.
I stare at him waiting expectantly as he leans against the desk with his sleeves rolled up.
I think of asking something else but I let it go.
"Is…Ginny there," I finally ask, clenching my jaw.
He walks towards me and examines me with a curious and slightly confused expression.
I look away not wanting to admit that I am afraid to know anything about my future all of a sudden.
Terrified in fact and I think he might know it.
"Yeah," he starts still watching me curiously.
"She's there with you."
I nod slowly, smiling slightly trying to keep it together.
Something about being under Malfoys scrutiny makes it harder to keep my emotions in check.
He has a way of looking at people that puts them on edge; makes them doubt themselves.
"Okay," I reply.
He looks me up and down with a conceited, knowing expression.
"Why that question?"
he asks.
I sigh and start to turn away but he grabs my arm, pulling me back around to face him.
"Hmm?"
He asks.
"Why not a different one?"
he says eyeing me.
"I just wanted to know," I lie.
"Hmm I'm sure it was burning at the tip of your tongue," he teases.
I pull my arm out of his grip roughly.
"Can you stop being so full of yourself for 5 seconds," I sneer back at him.
He laughs out loud and it's a strange thing to watch.
Draco Malfoy laughing without some tortured second year on the ground is a strange occurrence.
"I didn't realise you were so feisty," he smirks.
I blush scarlet unsure of what way to take it.
He slings the arm of his bag over his shoulder and heads towards the door, brushing past me.
I lean away but his shoulder still manages to touch me.
"But remember," he says, laying his hand on top of my shoulder and squeezing enough to gather my full attention.
"You can't lie to me, Granger.
I see right through you now," he says flashing me his infamous Malfoy half-smirk once more.
I think of Harry's warning in the library that I should stay away from Malfoy because he is dangerous.
I reflect on the way it had made me feel to have Harry feel the need to protect me.
That I was naïve and not able to handle myself.
I grab his hand and push it off my shoulder and it drops to his side.
"I see through you too," I reply smugly pushing past him.
His eyebrows shoot up in surprise.
I leave the room.
The scariest part had not been the conversation, the threats or even the proximity to Malfoy.
The real fear stemmed from the look that crossed his face as I walked out the door.
I could have imagined it as my body had been pumping with fear and adrenaline.
But I don't think I could have really imagined that genuine smil.
ey everyone!
Thanks for all the reviews and kind words it means a lot to me.
Hope you enjoy this chapter.
Leave a review and let me know if you do!
Much love 3 Hermione's Point of View.
"Are you going to eat that?"
Ron asks pointing to the baked potato on my plate.
I sigh.
"Ron," I say pointing towards the entire platter of potatoes beside him.
"Yeah, but those are for everyone and you're just going to waste that one if you don't eat it."
He says digging his fork into the potato.
"You are honestly unbelievable Ron," I laugh as he puts butter on top and lets it melt over.
"Hermione, I come from a very big household okay if you stop eating for a second everything on your plates is at risk of being snatched," he jokes and I scoff back into my cranberry juice eyeing Ginny.
"Don't look at me!
He's not wrong," she laughs.
"We wouldn't really understand Hermione.
We come from small families," Harry adds patting my shoulder.
I smile back as everyone laughs at Ron devouring the potato.
When he's finished, he throws his arm around my shoulders and pulls me in close.
"But come now, we're all here so you have to tell us what's wrong Hermione," Ron asks, keeping me pulled tight against him.
It feels warm and safe and I exhale a breath, feeling my shoulders relax.
"What do you mean?"
I ask, staring into his shoulder so he can't look at my face.
"We've all noticed something has been up with you," Ron says.
He squeezes me comfortingly again.
"But we're here if you want to talk," he assures me.
I lean my head on his shoulder and look at Ginny's similar reassuring smile.
Harry takes my hand in his and gives it a little squeeze.
I feel warm all over just from being near them all.
"I'm sorry I haven't been myself the last few days," I admit, embarrassed.
"Don't worry about it Hermione," Ginny says.
"We understand you've been going through a lot especially with Malfoy stealing away your opportunity."
"Yeah, I still can't believe Dumbledore just allowed that whole thing to happen given your history.
I mean everyone knows what kind of scum he is."
Ron interjects.
They start to talk over one another about the situation, each voicing their opinion.
The constant mention of Malfoys name makes my head spin.
"Can we just not talk about Malfoy anymore," I say, raising my voice to be heard over them.
They turn and look at me and smile apologetically.
"We're sorry," Ron smiles down at me, rubbing his arm up and down mine.
I lean into him a little and it's comforting.
"We just want you to be happy," Ginny adds.
I stare at their expressions and feel embarrassed about the whole situation with Malfoy and how I'm technically lying to them by not telling them about it.
"I have a question," I say, gathering their attention.
"Go on," Harry says.
"What would you do if someone was asking something of you.
Something a little odd, and perhaps difficult," I say unsure of myself.
"Well if it makes you uncomfortable you shouldn't do it," Ginny says.
"A friend wouldn't ask something of you that made you feel uncomfortable," Harry adds.
"Yeah but sometimes in life, we have to do things that are difficult," Ron chimed in.
"But maybe you should be wondering why this person is asking you to do something that makes you uncomfortable," he adds.
"What do they get out of it?"
he says.
I turn to look up at his face as he looks at me with intrigue.
"People always have ulterior motives," he adds.
"When did you get so smart," Ginny says exploding into laughter to which Harry and I quickly follow.
"Hey," Ron laughs throwing potato skin towards Ginny.
"Hermione isn't the only smart one," he jokes.
Ron's words give me food for thought as I think more about the situation.
What would Malfoy get out of me staying away from Ron?
I know that he doesn't like Ron but he hates me equally.
Ron squeezes me close again as I smile into his shoulder.
I scan around the hall looking at the other students laughing also, carefree enjoying their lunch.
When I find the Slytherin table Draco Malfoy is watching me.
My stomach drops a little when our eyes connect.
I'll be watching he had warned.
Seems Draco Malfoy is true to his word.
His jaw clenches as he glares at me.
I scrunch my eyebrows together in confusion.
Surely, he must know that there is nothing going on between Ron and I. I look up at Ron and view the situation and a small part of me can understand how it might be going against our agreement.
I lean away from Ron and grab my glass of cranberry juice, taking a long swing.
Ron dismisses it nonchalantly and lets his arm drop back to his side, not breaking the conversation with Harry.
I give Malfoy a look enquiring is it happy now and he averts his eyes.
"Hermione, you'll come to my room tonight to get ready for Slughorn's right?"
Ginny asks and I nod, a little shaken from being under Malfoys scrutiny.
"What time will ye be ready at, do you think?"
Harry asks.
"Around eight," Ginny answers.
"Okay, Ron and I should be ready around then too.
Well, I'm ready now," Harry laughs as he and Ron get up from the table.
I turn to Ron accusingly.
"And who are you going with Mr," I ask, jokingly.
He grabs his bag and pats me on the head with his notebook.
"With you stupid, duh!"
he laughs.
"I'm not going to miss the party everyone else is going to," he says as he and Harry leave for class.
I turn to Ginny in a panic.
"What was that about?"
I ask, grabbing her arm.
"Woah girl, calm down.
What's wrong?"
she asks grabbing her bag.
"Why does Ron think we're going to Slughorn's party together," I ask.
"What do you mean?
I told him we were all going and I mentioned you didn't have a date and he really wanted to go.
Is there something wrong?"
Ginny asks, confused.
"Oh my god, do you have a date or something you didn't tell us about?"
She enquires with a shocked expression.
Her face falls into the shape of an 'O'.
I wave her off.
"Of course not," I assure her.
"I was just a little confused," I admit.
Ginny eyes me a little sceptical.
"It will be fine Hermione.
I doubt he's expecting flowers," Ginny jokes.
"He just doesn't want to be left out for the evening when we're all going," she adds.
That's all well and good I just hope Malfoy see it that way too.
I stare over at his table as Ginny and I make our way out of the great hall and true to his word; he's watching.
Draco's Point of View "I guess you won't be going tonight," Blaise smirks, eyeing Pansy and Nott across the classroom.
"They look awful cosy together don't you think?"
Blaise notes.
I look over at them watching as Pansy seems to have him wrapped around her little finger.
"He's the one who's going to have to listen to her shit all the time, not me," I say, opening our potions book.
I mark down the ingredients and hand them to Blaise.
"Anyways I don't want to go to some stupid party with Slughorn," I add as Blaise snatches the list from me and reluctantly heads outside to the garden.
I watch as the other students divide up the tasks and half the class heads outside.
With the room feeling smaller and more secluded I move to the right side of the workstation and eye Granger.
She's making an awful lot of noise trying to pretend she's busy.
"What was that today," I say quietly, looking around the room to make sure no one is watching us.
Fortunately, the other remaining students are looking through their textbook or talking to one another.
"I don't know what you mean," she mumbles back, flipping a page.
"Really?
You've no idea, huh?"
I ask.
She eyes me briefly and has a look around the room.
"I thought I made myself clear about the weasel, Granger," I say deeply.
She moves away from her textbook and leans over at me across the workstation.
"Ron and I are friends, Malfoy.
I can't just cut him from my life.
I don't know what you think is going on but you're wrong," she scowls.
I smirk inwardly.
What a naïve girl.
"Unfortunately, Granger you are only book smart.
You don't seem to notice things right in front of your nose," I say, watching her.
She furrows her brows together as a hint of anger crosses her face.
She has to work considerably to keep it at bay.
But something in me feels the need to keep poking like I want to see her at her worst.
To see Hermione Granger really get mad stirs a sort of excitement in me.
"Unfortunately for you Malfoy, you are neither if you think there is anything there between us.
Ron considers me just a friend," she slanders back at me.
"And how do you consider him?"
I ask.
It's out in the open before I can take it back.
Her face scrunches up.
I keep a carefully crafted smirk in place.
"I don't want to play these games with you Malfoy.
I am lying to my friends for you and I don't even know why.
Why do you want this?
What do you get out of this?"
she asks, leaning across at me, her voice low as she gives another quick scan around the room.
"I have held up my end of the bargain Granger it's not my fault you chose to squander the questions.
Therefore, I don't have to explain myself to you," I snap back.
"Are you going to keep up your end of the bargain or not?"
I ask as Blaise and the weasel seem to be making their way back into the classroom.
She seems to notice them at the same time as I do.
She weights the question in her head as our eyes search each other with malice across the work station.
Finally, she nods slowly as the weasel takes his place beside her.
Blaise eyes Granger sceptically and it turns my stomach.
It was such a short conversation surely, he couldn't have heard anything or picked up on anything.
Even Blaise Zabini isn't that good.
But he watches her nonetheless.
I pull the ingredients out of the basket as Slughorn wanders around the class talking to the students.
Granger laughs at something the weasel said and I watch the easiness between them.
I compare it begrudgingly to all the relationships I have and I cannot say that I have an easiness like that with anyone.
Most of my relationships with people were formed before I even started at Hogwarts.
My father introduced me to Blaise when we were 10 years old and I knew of Pansy from Blaise before we even got on the train.
Crab and Goyle seemed to just fall into the group almost without invitation.
There is an understanding between us and a small amount of loyalty affiliated with sharing the same cause.
But other than that Granger and I do not sure the same types of relationships.
Her relationships are based on normal things such as similarities and friendship alongside support and comfort.
She - because of her status - is allowed to pick and chose who she has in her life and for that small detail, I envy her greatly.
Everyone else in this room including Granger gets to choose the way in which they want their life to go and who they want around them.
I look at weasel and wonder how he would cope in my situation.
But then I shudder to think about how I would cope with his.
But maybe I could give up the mansion and the servants if it meant I was allowed free will.
"So what colour are you wearing tonight?"
I hear the weasel say from across the shared workstation.
I pause, letting the potions textbook fall open on a random page not associated at all with the work we're doing.
I don't notice Blaise watching.
"I'm not really sure how this is supposed to go.
Is it a kind of event where I have to match my tie to your dress colour?"
he asks her indifferently.
I look over at her to see she's trying to hide her face.
I guess Granger doesn't plan to keep her side of the agreement at all if they're both going to Slughorn's together.
How dare she lie to me so easily.
I continue to flick the pages in the book as I try to keep my temper at bay.
"No, it's nothing like that Ronald you can wear whatever you want.
We don't have to be matching.
I mean it's not like we're going together-together," she says eyeing me.
I glare back at her.
"Oh well,- I mean I guess so.
If that's what you want."
The weasel excuses himself from the table to get something off the shelf.
Granger visibly relaxes and something in the obvious rejection twists at my stomach.
I clear my throat and start adding to the potion feeling a little smug.
When Blaise noticeably disconnects from the work to talk across the room with Goyle, Granger allows herself to look at me.
It's obvious since she's been trying so hard not to meet my eye for the last forty-five minutes.
But when I look at her now, I see the women from the first future, the one that I am in.
The older Granger with our child and the women in the bed.
I don't know what it is that causes me to see her this way now or even why.
But it just happens.
It's not exactly like I imagine myself there it's just the way she appears in my head now.
The same Granger but slightly mature and not as naïve as she is now.
When the weasel comes back to the work station he holds his tails between his legs and I can't stop the smirk that comes.
Blaise notices and that worries me so I try to hide it and focus on the cauldron.
When he looks back to answer Goyle I stare at her again, really looking this time at her.
I can safely say that I have never really looked at Granger this way before.
I didn't have much reason too.
She may as well have been a different species with the way we viewed them.
But seeing what I saw in the pensive has seemed to chip away at something inside me.
Begrudgingly I notice her now in a way I didn't before and If I'm not one hundred per cent on my game Blaise is going to notice too.
The worse outcome is not that I should end up with her as I saw in the pensive.
But merely that it is now possible after what I saw.
Because it changed how I see her.
I now see her for what she is.
Just another girl on equal grounds with the rest and that scares me.
I shake my head and push those thoughts aside, chalking them down to momentary weakness brought on my stress and fear.
Anxiety about what has to be done.
When the bell sounds for the end of school the weasel grabs Grangers bag and slings it over his shoulder as they walk side by side out of the classroom.
I stare at the thin wire of her bag strap and think how I'd like to wrap it around the weasel's neck.
Hermione's Point of View.
Ginny pulls the brush through my hair and I grab at my scalp.
"My god Ginny!"
I shout, pushing against my scalp to stop the pain.
"What do you want me to do Hermione?
It's like a living, breathing monster!"
Ginny laughs and I laugh along with her.
"I'll be back in a minute I'm going to go and ask Lavender the spell she uses for her hair," Ginny says leaving the dormitory.
Padma sits in the corner staring at her dress hanging up on the locker.
"You excited?"
I ask, watching her.
She turns around and smiles sadly at me.
"Sort of, I guess," she answers.
"What do you mean sort of?"
I ask, confused.
"Well I was too nervous to ask anyone to go with me so I asked my sister," she admits, embarrassed.
I blush a little too.
"And, where is the shame in that?"
I answer trying to seem confident.
"I was going to go on my own too but- " "But you're not," Padma interjects.
"I'll be the only girl there by themselves."
She sobs.
"Don't be silly no one is even going to notice you brought your sister.
This is only a small party I wouldn't worry Padma," I assure her.
She wipes the tears off her cheeks and smiles at me.
"Now, feeling better?"
I ask.
She smiles back and takes the dress off the hanger and starts to get ready.
I turn around and face myself in the mirror and try to finish combing through my hair but Ginny is right, it seems like a lost cause.
When Ginny finally arrives back, I'm already dressed and she mumbles a quick spell turning my head into a more manageable mess.
"I suppose it's better than it was.
What do you think?"
She asks me.
I turn to face the mirror and notice although it is the same hair it's a lot less frizzy now.
The curls sit loose down my shoulders rather than in a giant heap.
"It's lovely Ginny thank you," I say.
Ginny gets ready quickly and we head down to the common room to meet the boys.
They're standing beside the fireplace with Seamus looking smug.
When Ginny and I walk up they seem to shuffle around hiding something.
"Come on now.
What is it you've got?"
Ginny asked putting out her hand like their mother.
Harry blushes and points to Seamus who elbows him in the ribs.
"Wait to sell me out under pressure, Potter!"
Seamus berates him to which Harry only laughs in return.
Seamus hands over a small flash to Ginny.
"You were going to sneak alcohol into a party that's being thrown by one of the professors.
Are ye all stupid?"
Ginny says angrily.
Ron raises his hands in defence looking around for someone else to blame.
She hands the flask back to Seamus who looks shocked and slightly relieved.
"Do whatever ye want!
Just don't involve me or Hermione," she says leaving the common room.
I quickly follow her leaving the boys to it.
Inside the small classroom, the room hardly looks like it did a few hours ago.
The candles are more festive as they float around the high ceiling.
Banners hang around reading festive spells that cause tinsel to pour out of the tip of your wand.
I lean against the counter near the back of the room watching everyone.
Although the clock only says 9.30 pm it feels like I've been here listening to this whiny piano music for the last 4 hours.
I turn to find Ginny to see her standing flirting with Dean Thomas and although it's a little out of character for her she looks happy in his company.
Harry, on the other hand, has magically changed into a foul humour while Ron tries to cheer him up near the pumpkin juice fountain.
They pass a flask back and forth to one another and I roll my eyes at them.
I look around the room and watch everyone, noticing who's talking to who and who might be flirting.
It's something I rarely ever do.
But I suppose in this context where nothing else can be done it's all I have left.
Although there are people from every house in this room somehow the Slytherin's keep to themselves over by the floating glass display.
I notice Pansy hand in Nott's and wonder how long they have been a thing.
I was under the impression that Pansy fancied herself more with Malfoy.
Clearly, she makes the rounds.
When I scan the room again, I notice someone else.
Someone who's not only by themselves but also looking at me.
Blaise Zabini.
A shudder of discomfort rolls through me as our eyes meet.
I don't like it.
He smirks at me and I think I'm imagining it.
Did Malfoy tell him about our arrangement?
Surely not.
Malfoy wouldn't want anyone to know we even speak to one another.
I move away from the curtains and make my way towards Ginny as she picks an appetizer off one of the floating plates.
"Ginny, I think I might just head back to the dormitories I have an ancient runes test tomorrow and I want to get a little studying in before I go to sleep," I mention.
Ginny groans.
"Hermione!
Come on," Ginny exclaims loudly.
"We never get to go anywhere and the first time we get to go to a party you want to go home early.
Please stay with me," Ginny begs.
I blush, my cheeks feeling hot under her gaze.
"I'm sorry Ginny.
But you can stay I really don't mind.
I'm just going to head back now, okay?"
Reluctantly after much persisting, Ginny finally agrees to stay and let me go alone.
I hug her and thank her again for doing my hair.
I wave at Dean as I leave and duck away from Ron and Harry before I have to have the same long drawn out fight with them too about wanting to leave early.
Outside the hall and away from the noise I feel a weight off my shoulders.
There is something about being in a room with so many people and feeling that you have to act a certain way that drains me terribly.
I make my way back to the Gryffindor dormitories slowly, feeling comfort in the quiet of the hallways.
That is until I hear a set of footsteps following me.
At first, I don't react much.
I keep up the same pace and pretence while trying to hear them.
Trying to see if I recognise the footstep pattern.
But I don't.
When I round the corner by the entrance to the bridge I pick up the pace worried that I might get caught on the bridge with a stranger.
"In a rush, Granger?"
a voice calls from behind.
When I turn around, I see Blaise Zabini following close behind me.
It's not that I'm scared of Blaise on a normal day.
But it's late and the hallways are empty and he looks well over 6 foot.
"I'm heading back to my dormitory.
What are you doing out here?"
I ask, trying to keep my voice straight.
He eyes me and grins.
"Just thought I'd take a walk and clear my head.
Nice night for it don't you think?"
Blaise asks stepping close to me.
I step back towards the doorway to the bridge.
It's either I walk out onto the bridge alone with him or I turn back the way we came and head back to the party.
I don't like either of those options.
Blaise steps closer again making the distance between us about an arm's length.
I can feel the fear now.
I think about turning and running, surely he won't be able to catch up with me if he's caught off guard.
I steady myself and start to turn my leg when a figure appears behind him coming around the corner.
"Zabini, I've been looking for you," Malfoy calls from down the hallway we've just come from.
He's dressed in his robes with the hood hanging down over his forehead, as he makes his way towards us.
I peak out around Blaise's shoulder to see Malfoy's expression.
It's not good.
But Blaise has a smug knowing look on his face as he turns around.
I don't want to stand here any longer if I'm going to be the only witness to a murder.
"Really?
And yet you knew I was at Slughorns party tonight?"
Blaise answers back smartly to which Malfoy scowls.
"What are you doing out here?"
Malfoy says with a sour expression as he comes to stand beside Blaise.
He laughs in response.
A deep unsettling laugh that even Malfoy looks confused at.
"I wanted to see something Malfoy and you proved I was right by showing up just now," Blaise admits, slapping Malfoy roughly on the shoulder.
"I'll see you back in the common room," Blaise says as he starts to make his way down the hallway.
He stops halfway and turns around.
"Oh, and it was lovely to talk to you Granger," he says arrogantly.
I just stare at him and smile awkwardly in return.
When he finally rounds the corner, Malfoy moans out loud into his hand.
"What the hell are you doing Granger?"
Malfoy shouts placing both his hands on the top of either side of my shoulders.
"What do you mean?
I was just heading back to the common room when I noticed your weirdo friend was following me?"
I shout back.
How dare he give out to me for something his friend did.
"Why are you out wandering around the castle at night by yourself?"
he asks.
"I wanted to go and study for my ancient ruins test," I admit sheepishly.
"And where the hell is Potter or weasel?
Why didn't you ask them to walk you back?"
He berates me.
"Because Malfoy I am seventeen years old.
I don't need a chaperone to walk me everywhere!"
I shout back.
He sighs loudly running his hand through his hair.
"Why don't you tell your friend not to be following girls around at night like some sort of creep," I say beratingly.
Malfoy sighs.
"It wasn't like that," Malfoy mumbles.
"Hmm?"
"I don't think he was following you for that reason.
I think he was testing me," Malfoy admits, rubbing his temples.
I watch as he lets his eyes close briefly, using his thumb to massage his pressure point above his cheekbone.
The light coming in the windows makes his hair look almost white.
He looks different with his eyes closed, younger.
Such a strange act to do right now.
It almost displays weakness and I can never imagine Malfoy allow himself to be in that kind of position in front of someone, let alone me.
"Zabini notices everything.
It's like one of his things.
So, he's noticed me watching you," he admits.
I blush a little at this, still unsure how to take this kind of honesty and openness between us.
Every time we speak now it is like the first time as it still surprises me so much that genuine words coming out of his mouth are directed at me.
"I think he followed you tonight to see would I show up," Malfoy says.
"Wait, were you following me too?"
I ask, incredulously.
"No, I was watching the party and I noticed you weren't there anymore so I went looking for you," Malfoy admits.
"Why?"
I ask.
He looks away for a moment out over the bridge as the wind rips through it outside.
I pull my jacket close around myself, regretting wearing a dress that has fabric so thin.
Between the silence, I notice Malfoy briefly look at my dress and heat rises to my neck.
I don't want to be under his scrutiny while I'm dressed like this.
But another thought enters my head.
What must he think of me dressed like this when some of the best-looking girls in the school fawn over him?
He might commend me for 'making an effort' at least.
But I imagine not many women meet his expectations.
What must be it be like to have a choice of anyone?
Once they meet the correct criteria first.
"I don't have to answer that," Malfoy snaps.
"Fine," I snap back raising my hands.
I turn around and pull open the door to the bridge.
Immediately when I'm outside I regret it.
I want to turn back and go the long way back to the dormitories but I hate to admit defeat in front of Malfoy.
So, I push on and once I'm out on the actual bridge the wind moves through me like a train.
"Granger what are you doing?
You're going to freeze to death out there," Malfoy shouts from behind me.
I turn a little to see him jogging after me.
"Better than standing there arguing with you," I reply with my best Malfoy smirk.
He notices and smirks back at me.
"So, you'd rather stand out here in the freezing cold and argue instead," Malfoy says motioning around him sarcastically.
"I'm saying that I don't want to argue with you at all when you refuse to answer any questions," I sigh.
"I don't have to answer your questions okay we have a deal, remember?"
Malfoy explains.
"Malfoy!"
I groan loudly as the cold rips through me.
The dress is so thin it feels like I'm wrapped in clingfilm.
"What do you want from me?"
I exclaim.
"What do you want from me?"
He replies.
"I want to go back to before I ever won that stupid award and things felt normal," I admit, rubbing my arms up and down for warmth.
Malfoy notices me and steps slightly in front of me blocking most of the wind.
I step a little closer to him in an attempt to hide from it.
"You don't think that I want that Granger?"
Malfoy exclaims angrily his fringe falling in front of his eyes as he looks down at me.
"I would love to go back to how things were before.
Before things got messy and shit.
Believe me, I don't want this as much as you do but things have changed now.
We just have to deal with it," He says.
He grabs my arm and pulls me across the bridge to the other side.
I pull open the door and practically jump inside into the warm.
I run-up to the nearest candle and swirl my fingertips above it trying to get some of the warmth back into them.
When I turn around Malfoy is looking at me again.
In the halo of orange light coming from the candles, he doesn't look so scary or detrimental.
This time I don't shy away from his grey eyes.
"I am scared of what you know," I admit, shocked even after the words find their way out.
"I am scared that this is all a joke to you.
Some big ply to humiliate me in front of everyone and I don't know why you haven't done it already.
I'm not sure why you're trying to drag it out and be friendly towards me.
I don't understand why you're acting like this.
I don't understand any of it Malfoy.
Nothing!"
I exclaim.
He weighs this up for a moment and half-smiles at me.
"You should be able to tell whether or not I'm being sincere, no?"
Malfoy asks smugly.
"No?
How could I possibly know that?"
I ask.
Malfoy smirks.
"I thought you said you could see through me so well?"
he asks smirking one last time before he turns and heads down the hallway.
I stand int he hallway rubbing the warmth back into my arms while I can't help feel like Malfoy won this argument and he knows it far too wel.
ey everyone!
So this is the next chapter and I hope you enjoy it.
I didn't get a lot of reviews for the last chapter so I assume not a lot of people enjoyed it.
So please let me know what you think of this chapter and whether you're enjoying the direction the story is going.
I'd like to dedicate this chapter to Jacpin2002 who has been incredibly supportive of the story from the start!
Hope you like it.
Much love 3 Hermione's Point of View.
I make my way back down the hallway feeling a little angry at Malfoy.
But mostly I feel embarrassed that I allowed him to get to me so much.
With just a few words he has a way of peeling back the layers to get right in at me.
Like he has been given a handbook dedicated to how to make me angry.
I run over the conversation for the third time in my head trying to figure out at what point did he get the upper hand.
I think and overthink it until I may as well be having it again with him.
It seems that it's always after a fight is finished you can always think of better things to say.
I sigh loudly as I round the last corner before I reach the Gryffindor tower.
To my disbelief, Ron is standing outside the painting waiting.
"Hermione," he calls when he notices me.
Something about the way he says my name makes me think he's been waiting here for me.
"Where did you go?"
He asks when I get closer to him.
"I just took a long way around is all," I say rubbing my arms again.
The hair is still standing up along my forearms from the cold in the castle.
"Here," Ron says handing me his outer robe.
I smile and take it wrapping it tightly around me.
As soon as the warmth envelopes me I feel weary, most likely from the fight with Malfoy.
"Are you okay?"
Ron asks accessing my face.
I try to avert my eyes and construct my face into a better façade.
"Of course.
I'm just a little tired," I say, brushing it off.
I motion towards the picture.
"Are you heading up to the dormitories?"
I ask, suddenly a little confused about why he's standing here alone.
"No, no.
I just came to make sure you were okay," Ron admits somewhat shyly, rubbing a hand on the back of his neck.
"Oh, okay.
Well, I'm fine Ronald so you can head back if you want," I suggest turning towards the picture.
"Hermione, can I ask you something?"
Ron blurts out.
I stop by the painting and feel a panic shoot up my back.
There's no way he can know about me and Malfoy's deal, is there?
Surely not.
"Sure, Ron.
What is it?"
I say slowly.
He stands awkwardly for a moment.
The silence between us builds.
"It's just, I was wondering if it was a problem that we went together to the party tonight?"
Ron asks.
I sigh, glad it doesn't involve anything to do with Malfoy.
But that doesn't mean the panic goes away completely.
"Why would there be a problem?"
I ask, confused.
"I thought maybe you had wanted to go with someone else," he says, nervously.
I laugh equally anxious.
"No Ron of course not.
Don't be silly," I say trying to ease the awkward tension between us.
Ron visibly relaxes unhunching his shoulders.
"So, there's no one else you're seeing or anything?"
He asks.
I blush deeply.
"Ron, I don't see anyone.
When have you ever seen me with anyone?"
I ask self-consciously.
Ron has a strange look on his face when he answers.
"I suppose," He answers.
Ron looks at his feet as he kicks the corner of the wall.
"Okay well," I start awkwardly.
"Yeah I'm going to head back to the party," Ron says catching onto my suggestion.
"Okay," I laugh nervously as Ron says his goodbyes and turns and leaves.
I wait until he disappears down the hallway to go into the common room.
It's devoid of any students and I'm grateful.
I make my way up to the dormitory and climb up onto the bed.
I pull my pillow up to my chest and bury my face into it.
The entire conversation with Ron has made me feel incredibly guilty about the whole situation with Malfoy.
What would Ron do if he knew that I had agreed to something like that?
That I had agreed when Malfoy – of all people – had asked me.
I doubt Ron would be so forgiving or trusting of me after that.
I contemplate all the possible things Malfoy could have seen in the Pensieve as I weight up whether it's still worth it.
Could all this lying to my friends be worth it when I am too scared to even ask Malfoy proper questions about my future?
What could Malfoy possibly be getting out of this arrangement?
As I sit here on the bed thinking of everything, I realise I've been too easy with Malfoy.
Too believing of his sudden change of heart towards me.
Perhaps that's what he wanted.
To get me to believe that maybe he could be somewhat normal towards me.
Get me to trust him just so he could make me do whatever he wanted all under the guise that I thought I was the one benefitting from it the most.
When in reality he could just be really good at manipulation.
Why would he not use this situation against me when it's something he's waited for years for.
An opportunity to crush me that has just dropped into his hand.
When I've thought about it enough and feel stupider than I imagined possible for not seeing that Malfoy is using me, rage seems to take place in me.
I smirk.
I won't be naïve anymore.
Draco Malfoy's Point of View.
The next day I finally catch Blaise in the hallway walking towards potions.
He didn't come back to the dorms last night and that in itself tells me that he's toying with me.
I grab his shoulder and he shrugs me off.
"Going to potions?"
He asks, motioning for me to follow him as if nothing has happened.
I grab his arm again this time with more force.
He jerks around almost dropping his books on the floor.
He glares at me but then his face turns smug.
"Why, what's wrong Draco?"
He asks complacently.
My blood starts to boil.
"What the fuck was that last night?"
I ask, trying to keep my voice down.
Blaise rolls his eyes and keeps walking.
I sling my bag over my shoulder and follow beside him.
"I was testing something Malfoy," Blaise says.
I push my tongue against the back of my teeth to keep from causing a scene in the hallway.
"I need you to stay out of it, Blaise.
It's nothing to do with you," I snap.
He looks at me over his shoulder.
"Why are you suddenly so interested in Granger, huh?"
he asks smartly.
We walk into potions and I'm glad to see Granger isn't at our table yet.
"That's none of your business Blaise."
"Has it something to do with her future?"
He asks questioningly, setting his bag down on top of the work station.
"Look, I'm just fucking with her okay.
Letting off some steam is all," I say.
Blaise eyes me suspiciously.
"And you didn't think to let anyone else join in?"
the tone of his voice causes sick to rise in my throat.
"This is my game, Blaise.
I am the only player.
Only I get to fuck with Granger," I snap, speaking loud and precise so there's no mistake between us.
I throw my bag on top of the table.
I eye the room to see if anyone has noticed how heated our conversation has become.
The students are just starting to file in and thankfully Granger isn't one of them yet.
"I didn't realise it meant so much to you," he says.
I grab the elbow of Blaise robe and yank down on his arm.
"Listen, Blaise, I know you enjoy talking shit and pretending you're someone.
But don't forget who is really in charge here.
Don't make something out of nothing," I say, letting go off his robe as Granger enters the classroom with Potter and weasel not far behind her like lapdogs.
Blaise turns as watches her talk with Potter at his work station.
Just as Granger reaches the table Blaise turns to me.
"Good to see the old Malfoy back," he smirks and something about the smirk tells me that he doesn't plan to just let this go.
I roll my eyes as Granger sets her books down on top of the table.
I look at her warily under the cover of my fringe but she doesn't look at me.
In fact, for the next entire forty-five minutes of class, she doesn't once look my way even when Slughorn addresses the class from behind me.
She chooses to pretend she's reading from the textbook instead.
I try to convivence myself that this is not the place to make a scene or get angry because she's choosing to be a moody bitch today.
Especially when Blaise is too eager to watch our interactions.
Weasel, on the other hand, is completely oblivious to anything going on at the table.
I notice then that there is little conversation going on between them.
Maybe she is willing to keep up her end of the deal after all even if she is being a bitch about it.
I slam the book down on the table gathering the attention of half the class.
"Mr Malfoy, is there something amiss?"
Slughorn asks from the top of the class.
I re-open the textbook to the page we're supposed to be on.
"No, sir," I say compliantly.
"Very well so," Slughorn says turning his attention back to the rest of the class.
I take a deep breath before I look up.
But she's already looking when our eyes meet.
Searching mine with a furious passion burning behind her retina.
A warm feeling tingles down my arms as I drink it in.
What an expression to get out of her.
I smirk and she rolls her eyes at me.
For that second, I don't give a fuck if Blaise notices the exchange between us.
When Slughorn dismisses the class, Granger grabs her bag and leaves the room promptly.
I watch as she zips past the students.
Blaise notices it too and watches me warily.
"Good luck with that game," he says laughing.
When I enter the hallway, she's nowhere in sight but it doesn't bother me because I know where she will be tonight.
Hermione's Point of View Doing the rounds tonight has proved more of a hindrance than its usual distraction from everyday life.
It's too cold in the castle to even think clearly enough to sort any of the thoughts out that are swirling around my head making me dizzy.
Warily, I make my way around the usual prefect route to check for students out past curfew.
Even for me, there is an understanding that 7th years have more of leniency than the other years so I don't bust a couple I find behind the greenhouse.
Other than that, the hallways are unusually quiet for a Thursday night.
When I enter the classroom, McGonagall is sorting through papers at her desk.
"Ah Miss Granger, just in time.
I was wondering could you help me with these," she asks handing me a stack of parchment.
"Of course," I say taking the bundle from her hand.
I sit at the front desk and file through them noticing they seem to be a test given to the first years today.
"What would you like me to do?"
I ask.
"Just correct them for me, dear, if you wouldn't mind.
The pile on my desk has seemed to double since yesterday and I don't want to be here all night," Professor McGonagall laughs.
I smile back at her and take my quill out of my bag.
"No problem," I say more than eager to help.
I make my way through the pile a little quicker than she does and clearly enjoying it a lot more than she is.
When I'm finished, I sort them alphabetically and leave them on top of her corrected pile.
"Well that was a lot faster than I expected, Miss Granger," she says with a small smile.
I laugh nervously batting my hand at her.
"It was no problem at all.
I quite enjoyed it," I admit sheepishly.
She lets her glasses fall down her nose at me.
"Do you think you'll ever pursue a career in teaching?"
she asks suddenly.
I'm not sure how to answer her.
I have always tried hard in school because I enjoyed it but I haven't thought too much about what I want to do when I leave Hogwarts.
It has always seemed with what is going on that maybe there might not be a world left after Hogwarts.
"I'm not too sure," I admit.
She watches me carefully.
"I know it can be hard to look towards the future sometimes with everything that's going on outside these walls Hermione.
But sometimes the future is all we have to hold onto, don't you think?"
she asks.
"Sometimes it's hard to imagine what could happen in the future," I laugh, somewhat hinting at the situation with Malfoy.
McGonagall picks up on my hint quickly.
"I don't believe him to be a bad person," she states unexpectedly.
McGonagall takes off her glasses and encloses them in her case.
"I'm not supposed to discuss other students with a student but I think given the circumstances a little leeway is allowed," McGonagall admits.
"I cannot say that I share your opinion," I say soberly, thinking of everything that has happened between me and Malfoy so far.
"I can say that I have watched him grow up differently to the way you have, and I can safely say that I do not think he is the same spoilt child he was when he first came here," McGonagall says.
"I think time has weathered the boy, in a good way," she says.
I smile curtly a little unsure.
"I guess as you said, I know him in a different way to you," I confess shyly.
It feels weird to talk about Malfoy with someone when I have only considered him so far as a sort of secret.
Never to be spoken aloud about especially to my friends.
But talking about him now with Professor McGonagall – of all people- feels slightly refreshing.
Like taking a weight off of my shoulders.
"I suppose you're quite right dear," McGonagall states as she stands from her table and starts to pack up her bag for the night.
I exhale the weight of the deal we have made together trying to put it out of my mind.
"Are you okay to finish up here?"
She asks when she's finished packing.
I nod happily at her as she puts on her robe.
I take out the tutoring forms from their holders and start to go through them as she makes her way to the door.
She catches the door in her hand and calls to me.
"Just remember Miss Granger, that a person's character is measured in their choices and decisions.
Not their words."
She smiles her usual sweet smile before leaving the room.
Draco Malfoys Point of View I push past some stupid prefect from Hufflepuff trying to write me up on the third floor.
When he realises who I am he thinks differently of his decision.
I smirk and jog down the staircases, jumping onto the moving one that will bring me to the ground floor.
When it comes to a stop McGonagall is standing waiting for it.
"Mr Malfoy?
What are you doing out of your dorm this late at night?"
She enquires, with a stiff hand on her hip.
"I was just-" "Do you have a pass from a prefect to be out roaming the hallways this late?"
I kick at the heel of my shoe and laugh awkwardly.
"I forgot a book earlier in potions and I need it to finish an assignment so I'm just going to fetch it," I admit.
"You're in Slughorn's potions class?"
she asks.
"Yes Miss," I say.
"Isn't that in the complete other direction near the bridge?"
she asks raising her eyebrow at me.
"Yeah," I start pointing in that direction.
McGonagall steps onto the stairs.
"Mr Malfoy, I don't have all night to stand here and listen to you fumble over your words.
Just get the book and go back to your dormitory at once," she orders.
I nod and watch as the stairs carry her away thinking I see a small smile in the corner of her mouth.
I sigh when she's out of sight and make my way down to her classroom.
I practically pull the door off its hinges.
Granger jumps from her seat when I enter the room and presses a hand to her heart.
"Malfoy!
You nearly gave me a heart attack.
What are you doing here?"
she asks, turning her attention momentarily back to the bundle of papers in front of her.
She looks so much different in this light cast by the candlelight.
It casts a warm glow over her pale skin.
She looks brighter, more awake in this light.
"It's Thursday night," I say extending my arms theatrically.
She sighs and rolls her eyes at me.
"I don't want to do this right now," she grunts looking back at her piece of parchment.
"Well tough love Granger.
This is the day we agreed on," I state.
I move towards her and lean against McGonagall's table right in her view.
"Look Malfoy I don't want to do this with you anymore," she admits finally turning her attention to me.
"You are in a mood today, aren't you?"
I note.
She furrows her brows and scowls at me.
"What's that suppose to mean?"
She asks.
"Today in Slughorn's you wouldn't even look at me?"
I say accusingly.
She eyes me closely.
"Am I suppose too, Malfoy?"
she asks questioningly, her voice getting higher at the end.
I run my tongue over my teeth and chuckle a little at her come back.
This game is similar to the one I play with Blaise.
We both know the game is happening but it's hard to tell at times who is winning and who is losing or what is really being said.
When I don't answer she angrily shuffles the pieces of parchment together and stands.
"I said I don't want to do this with you right now.
Can you please just leave?"
She asks, tacking the parchment back up on the wall.
"Now is all that I have," I say folding my arms smugly.
"Oh, and of course we must do everything on your clock, Malfoy.
There's a surprise!"
She shouts her voice getting louder the more she talks.
I push away from the table and stand beside her near the wall.
When I get too close, she puts out her arm to stop me, letting it rest on my chest.
She quickly removes it.
"Why are you being such a bitch today," I shout back at her, now equally as angry as she is.
Her eyes seem to double in size in her sockets.
I try to hold back a smile at this reaction.
"Don't you dare speak to me like that," she says pushing against my chest but I grab her forearms and hold her there.
She stares at me confused as I move my arms up to hold her around her elbows.
"Malfoy what are you doing?"
She asks eyeing my hands on her.
"Tell me why you're so angry today and I'll let go of you," I assure her.
She relaxes in my grip a little so I loosen my hands until she is just standing there staring at me and I am just holding her still.
"I don't want to be a part of this anymore," she says honestly.
My hands tighten a little at her words and the crease in her forehead tells me she noticed.
"Why?"
I ask.
"We had a deal," I say.
She looks around the room warily and I feel the muscles in her arms tense slightly.
"I don't want to be made a fool out of Malfoy.
I don't trust you so I can't continue doing this with you.
It's not worth it for whatever you have planned."
She says.
I laugh at her statement and she shakes herself loose from my grip.
But I grab her wrist before she can run too far.
I pull her back around to face me and her face is flushed red.
The smell of her shampoo hits me and I take a second to clear my thoughts.
"Don't you think I would have done something by now?"
I ask with a smirk.
She searches my face narrowly.
"That's the thing Malfoy, I don't know!
Because I don't know anything!
You haven't told me anything besides stay away from Ron.
That's it.
That's all I know!"
She shouts.
I run my hand through my hair as her face turns even redder as she gears herself up.
"How can I just play along with something like this when you refuse to even tell me why!"
She bellows.
"That was part of the deal Granger.
I don't have to tell you why," I argue.
She tries to pull her wrist away but I keep my grip tight.
I don't want her running away just yet.
Her eyes turn a darker shade.
"Then that's my question for today," she retaliates with a raised eyebrow.
"Don't pull this shit with me," I shout.
"Oh, do you not like it when things don't go your way, Malfoy?"
she barks back at me raising both her eyebrows smugly.
"You have such a smart mouth, don't you?"
I look down at her lips momentarily and notice how full they are when she's pouting angrily at me.
She notices too and averts her eyes.
My hand feels awful clammy around her wrist all of a sudden.
"That's it, Malfoy.
Either you tell me why or I'm gone," She states her tone final.
"Your question can only be about your future," I state again.
She groans loudly.
"You're insufferable!
Fine!
What did you see in my future that would give you a reason to ask me to stay away from Ron," she yells.
"Happy now?
Did I phrase it correctly enough?"
she asks.
My hand drops away from her wrist in a panic.
Because she has beaten me this time.
I hadn't thought of her taking this angle and I had sworn I would be honest as I could be if she asked certain questions.
I just never thought she would ask this one.
I move away from her and run my hand through my hair nervously.
"Malfoy answer my question," she demands, pushing at my shoulder.
I lean against a table and stare at the floor for a second trying to think.
When I finally look at her, my expression must not be as I had imagined because she seems to jerk away from me.
"I saw you die, Granger," I say slowly watching her face change and contort.
"And what, you thought you'd just make this decision on your own without telling me!"
She shouts incredulously.
"I made a choice!"
I scream back at her standing up from the table, pushed forward by my rage.
How dare she be angry at me for something like this.
How dare she be angry at me for trying to stop her from dying a horrific death.
Suddenly a kind of airy looks takes over her disposition.
She doesn't look angry or worried anymore.
Warmed by the glow of the candlelight she looks more like the girl I saw in the first future.
The women who seemed so sure of herself and I can see now how easily she could grow into that person.
She is there inside her right now.
Granger picks up her stuff and heads for the door flicking her hair over her shoulder as she turns, a strange smile on her face.
"Why are you smiling like that?"
I ask.
"Just something McGonagall said," she laughs a little.
I stare at her in confusion.
"So, you're just going to leave?
You're not even going to ask me anything else about what I just told you?"
I shout at her back as she starts to head up to the top of the classroom.
I follow her and grab her before she can leave.
This time though she doesn't even try to pull away.
When our eyes meet my hand slides down from her wrist and two fingers shift into the warmth of the centre of her palm.
I still my hand nervously but she doesn't react physically.
Instead, she smiles at me.
"I do have one question," she admits with the tilt of her head.
Her eyes flutter back up to mine and the intensity of her gaze makes me even more nervous than before.
How can someone I've known for so many years have this kind of effect on me all of a sudden?
"Do you care, Malfoy?"
she asks smartly.
"Care?"
I ask nervously.
"Whether I live or die?"
she replies.
I step back and purse my lips together, averting my eyes.
Slowly she seems to follow my eyes, searching my face as I bow my head to rub my hand over the hair on the back of my neck.
I feel swollen and empty at the same time.
The words on the tip of my tongue stay there.
She nods and turns to catch the door.
"Granger," I say but she waves her hand at me.
"It's okay," she says with a small flush in her cheeks.
"I already know," she admits.
She watches me as she catches the door and starts to pull it closed after her but she stops, eying the door and then me.
She removes her hand from the handle and leaves the door open.
With one last knowing look, she leaves.
The door remains open and I know that it is not the only door that has been suddenly opene.
ey everyone!
I want to thank everyone who reviewed the last chapter I got quite a few and honestly, it was so heartwarming to hear all the lovely things you had to say!
So thank you so much the support is always welcome 3 I wrote this chapter quite quickly and I had to post it because I'm very excited about this chapter.
This story is not going to be that long.
I think probably less than 15 chapters overall for anyone who was wondering.
Anyways I hope you enjoyed this chapter I worked really hard on it!
Let me know what you think!
Much love 3 Hermione's Point of View I want to say that the conversation between us last night didn't change anything.
But that would be a lie.
I feel the weight of it in my chest now more than ever.
It's heavy and seems to pull down on my ribs.
I think of Harry and Ron and what they would say if they found out that we were even talking to one another.
I think of all the moments Harry, Ron and I have shared together and all the times they have been there for me in the past.
How small I am making those cherished moments by meeting with Malfoy behind their backs.
What does it say about me as a person that I'm willing to keep this a secret from Harry?
A secret that involves someone that he truly believes is against us and our cause.
I can empathise Harry's point of view but I am not as easy to believe that Malfoy is what Harry believes him to be.
A bad child does not always grow into a bad man.
But then again neither does a good child.
I try to imagine a situation where I tell Harry or Ron what's been going on but it seems more like fiction than fact.
To actually imagine me arguing on Malfoy's side when he has never done anything to prove to them that he is who I think he is.
It would be a lost cause, a waste of breath I could imagine Harry saying.
We are so very similar - the three of us- and I can understand that's why we're such good friends but we all see the world differently now that we've grown.
We each see a different shade of it and I worry sometimes that the shades are far too different now.
"Are you okay, Hermione?"
Ginny asks setting the butterbeer down on the table.
The crowd in the pub is insane right now with this trip to Hogesmeade's also being the third years first visit.
"Please don't tell me we were that annoying in third year?"
Ginny asks eyeing them trying to get served at the bar.
Madam Rosemerta is clearly out of her depth with the number of people currently in the pub.
I laugh loudly and ginny follows suit.
"I think we might have been worse," I admit sheepishly to which Ginny cringes.
"I think you're right," she admits putting her head in her hands.
She swipes her hair back into a high ponytail and sips on her butterbeer, leaving a foam moustache as she drops the glass back down.
I slip back into my daze and Ginny immediately notices.
I've been too distracted all day to remember to act a certain way around people.
"Hermione," Ginny calls.
"Tell me what's on your mind," she says soothingly, leaning in close to be heard over the chaos in the bar.
In a way, I want to tell her about it.
To finally be able to talk properly about it with someone so the thoughts in my head have an actual outlet.
To be free of the burden of not knowing what to do all of the time.
"Is it about Ron?"
she says quietly to me.
But I doubt anyone is going to hear anything in this chaos.
"No Ginny it's not about Ron," I admit.
Ginny's face twists a little and I see a hint of sadness there.
The same one I saw on Ron's face the other night.
I sigh because I know that's what she wanted to hear, that I was thinking about Ron in that way but I can't tell her that because it wouldn't be true.
Not anymore at least, not since all of this started.
The heat flushes to my cheeks because I don't often allow that thought to the forefront of my mind.
"But it is about a guy?"
Ginny asks, noticing how red my cheeks have gone.
I wish deeply that I wasn't easily read sometimes.
It would be so much easier to lie that way.
I turn and look at her light green eyes looking so trustingly into mine.
She doesn't look upset anymore.
Maybe it's the buzz of the room or something in the butterbeer that causes me to nod slowly in response.
Ginny looks as shocked as I am by my honesty.
She leans back clearly unsure what to do with herself and the direction the conversation is going.
But she turns and smiles reassuringly back at me.
"Do you want me to pretend?"
she starts and I scrunch my eyebrows together in confusion.
"Pretend?"
I swallow nervously.
She fingers the hair by my ear and tucks it behind with a motherly touch.
"That I don't know who he is," she answers.
I look at her knowing eyes and I can tell she does know it's Malfoy.
I am glad to see they are not judgemental nor angry and something in that sentiment tells me that I should be more trusting of Ginny.
I nod embarrassingly back at her.
Ginny smiles anxiously at me as the air around us becomes a little heated.
Having admitted it -without actually admitting it- makes my skin crawl and blood boil.
I want to grab the words from the air one by one, pluck them from her thoughts and claim them back as my own before this escalates.
But I know it's only fear talking.
I can't continue holding everything in or I might snap and then I would really have to explain what was going on.
At least here I can do it on my own terms, in a public place where Ginny can't really cause a scene.
I hope.
"Okay," Ginny says.
"So talk," she starts.
I chose this moment to take a deep chug of my butterbeer and Ginny laughs lightening the mood considerably.
"Has something happened between the two of you?"
she asks with a raised eyebrow.
"No, it's nothing like that."
"Then how do you know that things aren't the same as they've always been?"
she asks.
"I can just feel that things are different between us now," I admit sheepishly.
Ginny acknowledges this taking another swing of her own drink.
She wipes her mouth with the back of her hand.
"Do you want things to be different between the two of you?"
she asks.
"I'm not really sure," I admit honestly.
"You know how Harry feels about him," she says seriously.
I nod curtly.
Of course, I know how Harry feels.
He talked about it non-stop on the train here.
Back then I was happy to watch the scenery pass us by and nod at the appropriate times because Harry was in one of his moods and Ron and I knew to just let him rant until it was over.
Things are different now.
"And you think he notices this change too?"
"I think so," I say.
"How can you tell?"
she asks confused.
"I've never thought of him as a person to really show any sort of emotions," Ginny laughs further proving to me that we are in fact talking about the same person.
I laugh uneasily.
"It was something he said last night," I confess.
"Last night!"
Ginny shouts.
I grab her hands away from cupping her mouth as a few nosey heads turn our way.
"Keep your voice down Ginny I don't want the whole school to know," I warn her.
She apologises profusely.
"You were with him last night?
Where?
How?"
Ginny asks her voice falling over itself to get the questions out.
I encourage her to calm down as I take a sip of my drink.
She copies me but I can see the questions behind her excited eyes.
"I was helping Professor McGonagal like I usually do on Tuesday and Thursdays after my Prefect rounds and he has a habit of showing up sometimes," I admit watching her process this information.
Her eyes growing bigger with each word.
"He shows up!"
Ginny exclaims.
"As in he seeks you out?
Oh, this is worse than I thought," Ginny says hiding a smile behind her glass.
"Ginny please, try and contain yourself," I beg unable to stop the constant flow of blood to my cheeks.
"I'm sorry Hermione I just never in a million years would have thought that you and he could possibly-" "Look I never said anything happened," I interject.
"Yet," Ginny adds under her breath.
I scowl at her but she smiles playfully back at me.
Her face suddenly turns a shade darker.
"Do you not still think he might be the same underneath?
That he could just be pretending?"
Ginny asks as I knew she would.
"I did but he has done enough now that I believe that he isn't trying to hurt me," I say.
"I think maybe we have an understanding now," I add.
Ginny's face turns a little red in return.
"What are you thinking about now?"
I ask, unsure if I really want to know.
"You know how I feel about him," she starts and I beckon for her to continue.
"But God damn Hermione, he is handsome," she says breaking out into laughter.
I flush deeper than I thought possible.
"Ginny!"
I scowl, covering my mouth.
"Come on don't tell me you don't agree," she pushes.
"No!
We are not talking about that," I warn her.
"Come on I just want to hear you say it," she says prodding at my side.
I burst into laughter with her.
When I'm out of breath I finish off the last of my beer and smile at her.
A loud, rattling door cuts through the noise of the pub as Malfoy walks out of the bathrooms.
Through the hustle of bodies, I see his pale skin stand out against the reddish light of the candles.
He looks out of place in contrast to the excitement palpable from the third years crowding the bar.
Like a lost child in a shopping centre.
His eyes search the room before finding mine.
The jubilance of the third years is no longer the only palpable feeling in the air.
I watch him intently, noticing how different his face looks.
He looks concentrated as he breaks eye contact and leaves the pub.
"Oh my God," Ginny says astonished beside me.
She turns to me eagerly.
"What?"
I ask, concerned.
"You're serious aren't you?"
she asks incredibly.
I avert my eyes.
"What you thought I'd just make it up?"
I ask a little hurt.
"No of course not.
But I guess I didn't one hundred per cent believe you until this moment.
Until I saw the way he just looked at you," Ginny gushes.
"That was intense," she adds.
I stare at the door he just left through and wonder what he's even doing here.
I don't remember seeing his name on the sheet of students who would be leaving the castle today.
"He can be that way sometimes," I say.
Ginny shakes her head in disbelief.
"How can this thing between the two of you even work?"
Ginny asks seriously.
"Work?
Look I'm not saying anything like that Ginny.
I am just saying that things are different between us now is all.
I'm not saying anything is suddenly going to change.
He is still the Slytherin King and I am still just me.
I haven't even thought about it like that," I ramble trying to calm Ginny's racing mind.
"His father Hermione-" "Ginny please," I warn.
Ginny raises her hands in defence.
"Okay!
Okay, I'm sorry," Ginny apologises.
I grab my stuff from the table.
"Come on, let's go get the boys," I say, grabbing my jacket.
Ginny gathers her stuff as we make our way out the door.
Katie Bell pushes past us slamming the door against the wall as the winter air assaults us.
"What's her deal?"
Ginny asks taking my gloves from her pocket.
She hands them to me and I slip them on trying to rub the warmth back into my fingertips.
"Must be in a hurry," I comment.
"Train back doesn't leave for another thirty minutes," Ginny says.
Outside Ginny waves to Harry and Ron who make their way over to us.
"Are you going to tell them?"
Ginny whispers into my scarf.
I glare at her as Ron and Harry arrive.
"What were ye guys up too?"
Ron asks throwing his arm over Ginny's shoulders.
"Just at the three broomsticks having a butterbeer.
Where did you two go?"
"We just went to Ceridwen's because Ron had to get a new cauldron," Harry says pointing to the plastic bag Ron carries.
"Again?"
Ginny notes.
Ron squeezes his arm around her neck and her face disappears into her scarf as she bats his arm away.
"I misplaced my last one," Ron says innocently.
"Hmm," Harry notes.
I link my arm through Harry's as we make our way up the steep and slippery hill.
Ron slips several times using the stone wall as a makeshift crutch most of the way aided by Ginny pushing him.
I hear the sound of a small shout slice it's way through the winter air.
When I look up towards the top of the hill I see Katie Bell arguing with her friend Leanne.
I walk a few steps ahead of the group.
"What do you suppose they're fighting about?"
Harry calls to me.
"Maybe it's about a boy or something," Ginny adds pulling Ron along.
All of a sudden Leanne grabs a box out of Katie's hand and she counters.
Leanne's hand grips the edge of the box but slips and with the force, Katie drops the box.
It hits the snow and bursts open, throwing out an old-fashioned necklace onto the snow.
It slides down the hill in front of me with some parchment paper on top.
I pull on the wrist of my gloves to sink my fingers further into the glove finger holes as I pick up the necklace for Katie.
There is a scream in the distance somewhere as I feel the snow envelop me, turning everything white.
Three weeks later.
I wake to a crystal white light coming in the slanted windows of the infirmary.
Madame Pomfrey's hand rests on top of my forehead and I can hear the sound of her soothing voice speaking to someone in the background I can't yet see.
I want to wake up and raise my hand or speak but I can't right away.
Slowly as if my body is stuck in cement each part begins to break free, waking up.
When I speak it isn't words but more of a croaking sound, like that of an owl.
A second weight joins the bed and some darkness blocks out the light from the window.
"Hermione," the voice calls.
"It's me, Ginny!
Can you open your eyes?"
Ginny asks.
I don't exactly know what she means at first but then I feel a finger on my eyelids pulling them up slightly followed by a smacking noise.
"Don't do that.
She has to wake up on her own dear," Madame Pomfrey chastises Ginny.
"I want to talk to my friend," Ginny argues.
"She's been waking up on and off for two days now.
I'm just trying to help her," Ginny defends herself.
Have I?
This is the only memory I have of waking up in the infirmary.
When I groan again Madam Pomfrey steps up from the bed.
"I'll go and get something for her throat.
I imagine the poor thing is as dry as anything," she says.
When I hear her footsteps leave the room Ginny leans in close.
"Please wake up Hermione I can't stand being alone with Pomfrey anymore," Ginny begs.
I force my eyes open and the light blinds me.
Ginny takes out her wand and mutters a spell filtering the light coming into the room.
"Thank you," I manage to croak out.
I smell Ginny's hair as she throws herself down on top of me, knocking the wind out of me.
"Oh, Hermione I'm so glad you're okay.
I was so worried," Ginny gushes.
"What's going on?"
I ask, trying to sit up in the bed but my arms feel too weak to push myself into an upright position.
Ginny notices and slips her arms under mine and helps me up.
The second I move my head starts spinning.
"Do you remember anything that happened?"
Ginny asks.
"I remember being at Hogesmead with you," I answer and Ginny smiles.
"That's good.
That's where we were when it happened," Ginny tells me.
"When what happened?"
"You touched the necklace that Katie Bell had.
Do you remember that?"
she asks.
I think back but it's incredibly blurry but I remember the coldness of that day and the steep hill back to the train station.
"Vaguely," I blush.
"That's okay.
Madame Pomfrey said you might experience some memory loss," Ginny says.
"How long have I been here?"
I ask.
"Just over three weeks," Ginny says, searching my face worriedly.
"Three weeks!"
I exclaim but the loudness of my own voice causes waves of pain to roll through my head.
I groan loudly and Ginny hands me a glass of water from the side of the bed.
It tastes really stale.
"What happened?"
I ask desperately when Ginny takes the glass back from me.
She turns her attention towards the door as she looks for Madam Pomfrey.
She leans in close to me.
"Hermione so much has happened while you were unwell.
The necklace you touched was bewitched and you could have died.
It was a miracle you didn't.
The only reason you're okay right now is that you didn't touch it with your bare skin.
You had gloves on.
Do you remember touching it?"
I shake my head.
I don't really remember the necklace that well.
The more I think of it the more I remember noticing the contrast between Katie Bells dark hair and the snow.
"Where are Harry and Ron?"
I ask, worried.
"They're fine they were here actually, only an hour ago but they had to go.
There is a match against Ravenclaw today but I wouldn't bet on them winning.
Everyone has been in such a horrible mood while you've been gone," Ginny admits sadly.
"Ginny, why was the necklace bewitched?
What was Katie Bell doing with a necklace like that?"
I ask confused.
A small part of me is starting to think that I might still be unconscious and this could all just be a dream.
Ginny eyes the door again nervously.
"She was under the Imperius Curse," Ginny whispers.
"What?"
I ask, sceptical.
"That doesn't make any sense Ginny," I add.
"That's not the worse part," Ginny mentions.
I rub my hand over my forehead and reach across for the glass of water again.
Ginny hands it to me as she continues.
"There was a pretty serious meeting about it.
Harry was there," Ginny confesses.
"Why was Harry there?
Did he touch the necklace too or something?"
I ask, unsure.
"No but he thinks he knows who cursed Katie Bell," Ginny says and something in the sound of her voice makes my head spin even more.
"Ginny," I warn.
"I'm sorry Hermione but you know how Harry is about Malfoy.
He's convinced that he's a Death Eater now.
I was there when he said it to Professor McGonagall and it was brutal."
"Harry accused him of being a Death Eater and cursing Katie Bell in front of Professor McGonagall?"
I question horrified.
"And Dumbledore and Snape," Ginny adds embarrassed.
Madam Pomfrey comes back into the room but a second year on the bed closest to the door calls to her.
She assures me she'll be back to me in just a moment.
Ginny turns back to me.
"Look Hermione I was there for it all and it's not looking good for Malfoy," Ginny rushes before Madam Pomfrey can come back.
"What do you mean, Ginny?
He's not a death eater!"
I warn.
Ginny tilts her head at me as her eyes turn sombre.
"Hermione I'm sorry.
You know I love you dearly but-" "But nothing," I argue.
"Hermione we saw him at the three broomsticks.
He came out of the bathroom and that's where Katie Bell said she found the necklace."
Ginny informs me.
"Did you tell Harry that?"
I ask.
"No," she replies.
"I didn't tell anyone what we saw."
"But Hermione I can't pretend like that isn't damming evidence," Ginny says.
I weigh this information up in my head and I can't be angry at her because the evidence is quite damming.
I brush my greasy fringe off my forehead as the sweat breaks out on my back.
"It's damming evidence Hermione but it's not concrete," Ginny starts.
"I got something for you," she says handing me a small piece of parchment folded over twice.
I open it and read a small spell of the parchment.
"What's this?"
I ask confused by it.
"I went to the forbidden section of the library and I found this spell that breaks dark magic glamour charms.
It took me a long time to find it but I assumed-" "You assumed if Malfoy did have the mark that this spell would break the charm hiding it?"
I finish for her.
"You're the only person who can get close enough to him to actually use it and see if he is hiding the dark mark," Ginny states.
I look up at her eager face and a wave of nausea rolls over me.
"Ginny I really don't think he has it," I argue.
"You've never been the kind of girl who settled for maybe, Hermione.
Don't you want to know for sure?"
she asks.
"And what then?"
I ask incredulously.
"What do I do if it is there?"
I say running my hands through my roots, pulling at the hair in clumps.
She puts a reassuring hand on my back and moves it in soothing circles.
Ginny's face scrunches up in thought.
"I guess you'll finally know for sure what kind of person he truly is."
"Madam Pomfrey isn't going to realise you for a few more days so you have some time to think about it," Ginny says as Madam Pomfrey makes her way back over to my bed.
"Now that's enough talking for today Miss Weasley.
Please run along back to your class while Miss Granger here recovers."
Madam Pomfrey excuses Ginny as she picks up her bag reluctantly and leaves the infirmary with a sad wave over her shoulder at me.
I smile as best I can.
It's the following Thursday before Madam Pomfrey finally lets me leave the infirmary.
I suppose it's not all too terrible because most of the Gryffindor common room decide to congregate around my bed when school finishes most days.
But the constant potions and ointments are a part of it I won't miss.
Madam Pomfrey had said that the necklace destroyed a lot of nerves in my right arm and they had to be restored before I was fit enough to leave or use it efficiently again.
By the fifth bubbling potion, I was ready to lose the arm for good though.
Ginny picks up my bag from the press and opens it, shoving in my books that I've used to catch up on the assignments I've missed over the last three weeks.
I wrap a warm scarf around my neck that Harry and Ron got me in Hogesmead for Christmas.
I thank Ginny as she carries my stuff out the door for me.
I thank Madam Pomfrey out of politeness because I'm still a little sour over the whole having to drink horrible potions situation.
Perhaps some time apart will strengthen our relationship back to its former state.
"How are you feeling?"
Ginny asks as we make our way through the empty hallways.
It's late, almost ten pm and the early January light still disappears far too quickly.
"A little light-headed," I admit.
"Like I'm floating through the hallways," I say.
Ginny laughs nervously sliding her arm through mine.
"Okay then I'll make sure to hold onto you tight," Ginny giggles.
I squeeze my arm in hers resting a little weight on her.
We walk in silence down the hallway for a minute.
"Have you thought about what I said?"
She asks.
I bite the corner of my lip and nod.
"And?"
"I will do it," I admit sadly.
Weighing it over in my head the last few days have been torturous.
I know what Ginny has told me is the truth and that it makes sense but it's hard to imagine the boy I verbally spar with sometimes could be capable of bewitching Katie Bell and using one of the forbidden curses.
It's just too much, too different shades of the same person where one is black and the other is white.
But I know Ginny is right.
I cannot stay in the grey area and just assume the best when the evidence against him is mounting.
I swallow.
"When are you going to see him again?"
Ginny asks.
"What day is it?"
I ask.
"Thursday."
"I'm going to go now," I announce, taking my bag from her shoulder.
"Woah- Hermione.
I don't think that's such a good idea," Ginny warns.
"You're still very weak from all the potions," Ginny reminds me.
I brush off her concern turning to face her.
I purse my lips together.
"I have to know, Ginny.
I need to know if I've just been making a huge fool of myself," I admit.
Ginny seems to accept this explanation reluctantly.
"I understand that but maybe wait until tomorrow or something at least.
Harry and Ron are waiting in the common room for you," Ginny face turns red as she rubs at her cheeks nervously.
"They kind of have a welcome back get together planned," Ginny confesses.
I blush with her unsure of how to process this.
"Oh," I say.
"Yeah.
They're waiting now and I can't really go in without you."
"I won't be long, Ginny I promise," I assure her.
"Hermione, please.
Reconsider this."
Ginny pleads.
I shake my head at her and I can tell by her facial expression that she's going to let me go.
"I'll be half an hour at most.
I promise," I say turning right at the crossroads.
Ginny stands in the glow of the moonlight and watches me walk away.
"I'll be there for when-" I know by the tone of her voice that she doesn't expect this conversation to go well.
Perhaps the outcome is already pretty obvious given what's just happened but I need to know for certain.
I have to be sure that he is who everyone seems to believe him to be.
"-you get back," Ginny adds embarrassed.
I smile back at her half-heartedly as I make my way around the corner and towards McGonagall's classroom.
Draco Malfoy's Point of View I watch as the younger weasel enters the Gryfindor common room alone.
I watch after her confused, staring at the painting long after it's closed.
I was sure I had overheard in the stands today at the Quiddich match that Granger was getting released from the infirmary today.
I turn on my heel and make my way up to the fourth floor.
When I scan the windows into the infirmary I can see all the beds are empty except one by the window where a third-year is lying on their side.
Most likely the Ravenclaw who got hit in the head with the bludger today during the match.
I wait a few minutes keeping my eye on the room to make sure Granger isn't in the bathroom or anything but no one comes in or out of it.
She's not here.
I take off running down the hallway to the interchanging stairs as I make my way down to the bottom floor.
It's late and I imagine McGonagall isn't in her classroom and if my suspicions are right Granger should be there.
Something about the idea of her being there and going there first before she even went back to the common room excites something inside me.
It's been almost a month since we've spoken and the guilt has torn apart my mind during the course of that time.
I wanted to kill Katie Bell for what happened but I know it wasn't exactly her fault either.
I know it's mine and that's what kills me.
I had warned her away from Weasel for the exact same reason and then I nearly kill her myself.
Why hadn't I seen that in her future?
Then maybe I could have actually done something about it or warned her not to go to Hogsmeade that day.
Actually I had assumed she wouldn't go that day because she usually doesn't bother going to Hogsmeade.
I guess my assumption was my mistake.
But it wasn't my only and I doubt my last.
I stop outside the door and place my ear close to the keyhole to try and see can I hear any movement inside but it sounds empty.
I stand and pull the door open slowly afraid that if she isn't standing there waiting for me then she must know.
Maybe she's already figured it out.
When I enter the room Granger is waiting by the back wall staring out the long floor-length windows.
Half of the candles in the room are out and it's hard to make out her shape standing all the way at the back shrouded in the darkness.
"Granger?"
I call.
She turns confirming that it is her but she doesn't move or address me.
When I get closer to her I notice she's standing with her arms crossed in front of her.
I make my way down to the back of the room and stand beside her, feeling some of the cold wind that has found its way into the room through the cracks in the stone walls.
I look over at her but she's still looking out the window.
The moonlight illuminates her face and I notice how skinny her face has gotten.
In fact her entire frame looks smaller, weaker.
She looks incredible frail and breakable.
Why the hell did Madam Pomfrey release her when she still looks so sick?
But I can't imagine Granger actively wanting to stay in bed and miss school.
"Granger?"
I call again but she continues to ignore me.
I turn my attention out the window and squeeze my hand into a tight fist.
When I first heard what happened I refused to leave the dormitory for an entire day until I realised my actions were being watched.
I then had to let my father know that my attempt at the mission had failed and I would have to find another way.
He said it hadn't failed entirely as I almost killed the mudblood.
I remember staring at the letter for almost two hours by the glow of the fireplace in the common room.
Eventually I threw it into the fire.
I look at her now and wonder what would have happened if she had actually died that day in Hogsmeade.
What I would have done knowing it was my fault?
How I would have had to act around my peers and Master when they congratulated me.
How I would have had to smile and act proud to those who knew that it had been me.
I push down a wave of nausea.
Mostly when I look at her sorrow-filled eyes I wonder is the door still open.
Or had I closed it myself that day when the snow was especially heavy.
"Granger, Goddammit!
Say something," I demand unable to hear my own thoughts anymore.
She turns as if realising I'm here.
Her face looks so listless and sunken.
I open my mouth to speak but nothing comes out when she's looking at me like that.
"Are you okay?"
I ask, my hand moving out to touch her wrist.
She steps away.
I let my hand drop back down.
"No," she answers after a beat.
She turns back to the window.
"Granger.
Say something," I say, more softly this time.
She turns back to me again and I almost wish she hadn't because each time she looks at me the direct result of my fuck up is clear in her eyes.
I drop my head and run my hand over the back of my neck nervously.
When I look at her again she reaches out and takes my wrist from hanging at my side.
She rolls up my sleeve to my elbow and looks at my forearm.
I look back up at her and watch her exam my arm.
Of course she can't see it though.
Only those who have it can see it with the charm.
I watch as her finger runs over the mark that's only visible to me.
A pain starts strong behind my left eye.
"People said a lot of different things to me when I woke up in that infirmary," she starts.
"I don't really remember what happened that day with Katie Bell.
Madam Pomfrey said it might or might not come back to me over time.
But I'm not too sure I want to remember what happened," she admits.
"I remember the pain though," she adds.
The blood runs out of my face as I look away.
"I remember the pain that came the first night after I woke up and it felt like my right arm was on fire and I actually thought I would prefer to die," she says.
"When I found out the necklace had been cursed I thought whoever wanted someone to die that way must really be a monster," Granger says dropping my arm.
My wrist runs cold as if the blood refuses to flow.
She steps closer to me and looks up at me under her heavy eyelashes.
"I'm going to ask you something Malfoy before I prove it.
I have a spell here that removes dark magic glamour spells," she informs me.
My stomach drops.
How could it be possible that she would know a spell like that?
How could she have gotten that kind of information in Hogwarts?
Unless she had help.
"See my friends think it was you that put Katie Bell under the Imperius curse," she says.
I swallow hard.
"And only Death Eaters use the Imperius curse," she confesses, her tone steady and final as she speaks.
"I'm going to ask you a question, Malfoy.
It would be in your best interest to answer," she informs me.
I look over her face -so sallow and sunken- in this light and her fragile fingers balled together tightly.
Her expression tells me that she already knows the answer and the final moves before Checkmate are already insight for her.
I was already losing when I sat down in the chair to play the game in the first place.
Even if it was in one of her futures it never was really possible, was it?
At this moment I can't imagine how we could ever get to that point by the seaside.
Inexplicable.
I try to think of the point where I started to want what I saw in her first future.
It kind of crept up on me without my permission or notice until one day it was just there, already rooted at the back of my mind like it had always been there.
"Are you a Death Eater?"
she asks, almost a whisper.
I think for a moment of what I saw in that first future.
"No," I lie.
She eyes me disorderly taking out her wand and pointing it at my arm.
"Can I say something first?"
I ask.
She untightens her balled fist and nods suspiciously at me.
"Okay," I say.
She looks down at the ground and I can tell she's readying herself for whatever excuse I'm going to come up with.
But I'm not going to speak because I won't waste this lie.
I step forward quickly and with my index finger I bring her head back up to look at me.
I lean down quickly and press my lips to hers.
They're dry and slightly cracked but they are warm.
Her body stiffens but it doesn't dither me at all.
I swipe my hand away from her chin and behind her neck.
I tilt her head up more towards me as I mould my lips down on hers again.
Her shoulders loosen a little as her mouth falls open.
I kiss her more deeply but slowly.
Ever so slowly so as not to frighten her.
Her mouth is warm and inviting and my pulse darts up to dangerous levels when her lips move slightly against mine.
She tastes delicious and almost familiar.
I caress her cheek with my thumb as my nose brushes against hers as I switch to the other side.
I gently move her body closer to mine as she stumbles a little against me trying to find her footing blindly but I hold her tight, feeling how fragile she seems under all these layers.
Her hands ball against my chest as she grabs at my robe.
This is all that there is or ever will be between us from now on.
This quick moment of our lips moving slowly together, ever so slowly because she too knows that I am lying.
She knows that it was my fault she spent almost a month in the infirmary.
I break the kiss and rest my head against her forehead for a second before I push away from her.
My face slips into a frown as I stare at the ground, mentally preparing myself.
I push up my sleeve again and extend my arm out towards her.
She stares at me as water starts to rim her eyes.
"Malfoy-" "Just do it, Granger," I warn, trying to keep my voice steady.
Her eyes are so intense and fierce as she stares at me.
I can tell that she doesn't want it to be true.
The second before she cast the spell I can feel her determination to change the outcome but it's too late.
A yellow haze swirls around my arm and I can tell by her gasp that the spell has worked and she can now see the mark.
She reaches out but I drop my arm to my side, pulling down the sleeve.
Her face turns red and I see the muscles in her jaw clench and unclench.
"Why did you lie?"
she shouts, anger boiling inside her.
"You've lied to me this entire time!"
she screams her body shaking with rage.
I look at her torn expression.
"Because I'm a selfish bastard, Granger.
You already know that.
I wanted to kiss you," I admit.
I have nothing left to lose at this point.
"I knew that you wouldn't want to after you saw it," I explain.
A heat smears across my face as my cheek goes numb.
Granger pulls her hand back and cups it against her chest.
I raise my hand to my face and press against it.
I feel the blood start to pour out of my nose.
I hadn't expected her to hit me or be so strong for that matter.
When I look at her she looks slightly abashed for hitting me.
She shouldn't.
She grabs her bag and coat.
"You are a monster," she shouts.
I feel the words sizzling in my chest.
"Do not come here again when I am here.
I don't want to speak to you again," she states clearly.
She makes her way to the door only to turn in dramatic fashion.
"I never saw you as a coward Malfoy.
But this is by far the most cowardly thing you've ever done," she laughs sarcastically at me.
"Granger you don't know what you're talking about," I warn her.
"Oh I don't, don't I?
I think it's pretty clear that you chose the easy way out," she shouts back at me.
"Easy?"
I scream, on the verge of losing my patience.
"You think this is fucking easy for me, Granger?
You don't have any fucking clue what you're talking about.
I didn't make this choice.
It was chosen for me," I yell, kicking one of the chairs against the table.
Granger jumps at the noise.
"Cowards always make excuses," she says, wiping at a tear threatening to fall.
"What would you know, Granger?
You would crumble in my position without Potter or the weasel to hold your hand along the way.
Without some textbook to tell you exactly what you were supposed to do!
Without a teacher to praise you along the way and kiss your ass.
You don't know what life is really like because you live in this fucking make-believe bubble of there being just good vs bad.
Not everything is black or white, Granger.
Wake the fuck up!"
When I finish I'm panting and Granger is almost blue in the face.
"Such a waste," she sighs.
I watch as she walks out of the classroom and slams the door shut with incredible force, answering the question that was already pretty obvious at this poin.
i everyone, so here's the next chapter I hope you enjoy it.
Sorry if it's a little sort I've recently started an online course so I have been a little busier than usual.
But I promise I will try and get at least one chapter out a week!
Thank you to all my wonderful reviewers!
Much Love 3 Hermione's Point of View My teeth chatter together on the walk back to the common room.
I have to hold my hand against my jaw to stop it.
I use the corner of my sleeve to furiously wipe away any tear that tries to fall.
I will not be so childish as to cry over Draco Malfoy.
In the midst of my thoughts about what just happened in McGonagall's class, I forget something that Ginny had said before it's too late.
When I enter the common room the majority of the students turn around and applaud.
But it doesn't last very long.
Once they take in my expression and the constant chattering of my jaw, they turn quiet.
Ginny makes her way through the crowd, taking my arm and excusing our way through the crowd.
I barely see anyone's faces through the tears in my eyes.
There are but concerned, colourful blurs against the backdrop of the common room.
As she guides me up the stairs, I feel a hand on my leg.
"Hermione, what happened?"
Harry calls from the bottom of the spiral stairwell.
I look down at him and as the tears drop, he comes into focus and I see his familiar face.
I leave go of Ginny's arm and throw myself down the step into his arms.
He wraps his arms around my waist but there is a hardness to his stature.
I know that he is confused as to what is going on.
I can feel it circling above us right now.
"I just need a hug," I murmur into his shoulder.
"Of course," Harry says rubbing a reassuring hand over my back.
I push away from him and smile, wiping my tears off of my sleeve again.
"Is everything okay?"
Harry asks, his eyes clear with concern.
I can see Ron making his way over through the crowd but I don't want to have a huge conversation here on the stairwell.
"I'm just a little overwhelmed is all," I lie.
He nods and smiles softly at me.
"Well you go upstairs with Ginny and Ron and I will come to check on you later, okay?"
Harry says.
I nod back at him.
Looking at him now how could I ever tell him that I had been so easily conned by Malfoy.
That I had fallen right into whatever malicious trap he had set for me and in fact, I had done it freely.
How could I ever admit to Harry that I had wanted to do it?
He would never forgive me.
I turn towards Ginny and link my arm through hers as we continue our way upstairs.
Once in the dormitory, it's a little easier to breathe and I don't feel as if I have to stop the tears all so much when Ginny is the only person who is going to see them fall.
She lays me down on my bed and sits on the edge of it.
I reach over and pick up my blanket off the floor and Ginny helps me cover myself in it.
It still has moments when it smells of my mother.
"Hermione you should not have gone," Ginny says.
I turn my face away from her and breathe into the duvet.
It soaked within a few seconds.
"You should have waited until tomorrow or next week even.
You should have waited until you were ready," Ginny states.
I turn back towards her.
"Would I ever have been really ready to see that Gin?"
Ginny shrugs uncomfortably and pulls her knees up towards her chest.
I sigh realising it's not her that I'm angry at.
"I'm sorry," I say.
Ginny smiles bashfully.
"You don't need to apologise Hermione.
I understand," she says.
They're comforting words to hear but unfortunately, that's all they are.
Just words.
Ginny truly has no idea what it's like to be made this much of a fool out of.
How easy it was for Malfoy to keep this from me.
Ginny picks lint off of her jumper nervously as she watches me.
"Hermione?"
"Yeah?"
I answer.
"What did he say?"
she asks.
I look away and stare up at the ceiling.
I look at the tops of the four-poster bed and how close it is to touching the ceiling.
"What could he say?
It was there, plain as day on his arm," I say.
Ginny leans forward and dabs at my cheeks with her tissue.
"He even had the audacity to..." I start but stop because the anger inside me is too much.
I pull the blanket up around my face as it turns red.
"What did he do?"
Ginny asks, leaning forward towards me.
"He kissed me, Ginny," I admit after a long pause.
Ginny covers her mouth with her hands as she gasps.
"You kissed him!"
She exclaims behind her hands.
"No, he kissed me.
He tricked me," I mutter, embarrassed.
"How did he trick you?"
Ginny asks as her brows furrow together in confusion.
"I told him about the spell.
I asked him first so he could tell me the truth.
I asked him and he said no so I took out my wand but he stopped me.
He tricked me by saying he wanted to ask me something first and before I knew it he was kissing me," I admit, hiding as much as I can in my mother's old blanket.
Ginny cups her forehead as she weighs up this information.
She stares at me in total bewilderment.
"I did not see that coming," she admits sheepishly.
"So, he just lied so he could kiss you first?"
Ginny asks.
I nod as Ginny leans back on the bed and I scoot over to make room for her.
We both sit there in silence for a while just staring at the ceiling.
"Hermione, I'm really sorry that this happened," Ginny says and I lean into her a little bit.
"I guess it was only a matter of time," I say.
"Since he obviously had it planned from the start."
"I disagree," Ginny states, leaning on her elbow to look down at me in the bed.
I look at her in bewilderment.
"How so?"
"Well, he has the mark, right?"
Ginny ask to which I nod.
"So, he hasn't been home at all this year so it's plausible to say that he's had it since summer.
That he's been a Death Eater this entire time," she says.
I continue to stare at her in confusion.
"I don't think any decision Malfoy has made has been made lightly.
He knows the position he is in and being around someone with your blood status for him is a huge deal.
I would have said yeah for sure he was doing it as a joke before.
But now that he has the mark, he knows how serious things are."
Ginny notices my unbelieving expression and raising her hands in defence.
"I'm just saying, Hermione that I don't think he planned all of this.
They made Malfoy a Death Eater for a reason and I doubt it was to play games with you after hours in McGonagall's room," Ginny says.
I blush as I pull the blanket up over my face.
"Now that he has the mark it's too risky for him to do these kinds of things and yet, from what you've told me it seems like he doesn't care too much about the rules when it comes to you," Ginny adds.
"Okay so, what?
Do you want me to go back down there and congratulate him?
Tell him the mark doesn't matter to me?"
I berate.
"No, I'm just saying that-" "What?
What are you trying to say!"
I shout.
"I'm just saying that he's still a person, Hermione.
You don't have to cast him out to sea because he doesn't 100% believe in your morals!"
Ginny shouts back.
"He's a Death Eater, Ginny," I say more softly this time, a lot of the fight gone out of me.
"Yes, he is.
But he's also just a boy, Hermione.
He's only seventeen years old.
You are only seventeen years old.
I am only sixteen years old.
Maybe, just maybe we don't know everything.
Maybe this isn't all we're ever going to amount too.
If it were me in his situation, I don't think I would be able to do it," Ginny says.
Her words remind me of what Malfoy had said at the end, that I would never be able to handle being in his position.
To hear Ginny say it adds weight to his words.
"His situation?"
I ask.
"Have you not given it much thought?"
Ginny asks.
I guess that I hadn't really.
"To grow up in that kind of environment?
With Lucius Malfoy as a mentor?
I'm surprised Malfoy hasn't done even more messed up shit than he has!"
Ginny exclaims.
"You and I grew up in households where our parents loved us and nurtured us and listened to what we had to say.
Can you imagine what kind of shit he grew up with?"
Ginny says.
"Why are you so empathetic all of a sudden?"
I ask, feeling uneasy about the direction in which the conversation is going.
"I'm not.
I just know you, Hermione.
I know that you don't want to admit that you might be wrong about him."
"You were the one who gave me the spell.
You were the one talking about all this damming evidence against him?"
I blurt out.
"I know that I did but after that day at the hospital I actually looked at him and watched him," she admits.
"What do you mean you watched him?"
I ask, feeling uneasy.
"I didn't want to say this because I assumed how tonight was going to go but after I gave you that spell, I thought about how much was going to change once we were certain about it and I found myself just watching him.
He was so different Hermione," Ginny says.
"Different?"
"He was almost …normal.
It was surreal to watch him.
I guess I got a little caught up in it," Ginny admits bashfully.
"Ginny?
you're rambling," I say.
"Hermione, he was hurting.
It was as plain as day if you knew what to look for.
He hid it well but he wasn't always able to hide it.
I suppose he didn't know I was looking," Ginny admits.
I push up off the bed and pull the blanket down, leaving room for Ginny to climb in.
Once we're comfortable in the bed I lay my head against Ginny's as we both stare off into the distance.
"What are you trying to say, Ginny?"
I ask, slicing through the silence.
"I'm not trying to say anything Hermione.
I'm just trying to let you know that there are two sides to every story.
Not just yours," she states.
"So, you want me to just forget that he's a Death Eater because he has feelings now?"
I ask, shocked.
"No, I want you to acknowledge that he does, in fact, have feelings.
That he's not just this status that he has suddenly acquired.
That he's human just like me or you."
"Ginny, I don't know about all this.
It's a lot to process in one night," I say, turning over and pulling the blanket up over my ears.
"I know Hermione.
I know he did a lot of horrible shit and that he lied.
But when you're over-analysing and over-thinking everything just remember that there is still a person behind the mask," Ginny says and with that, she lifts the blanket, grabs her shoes and waves goodbye from the dormitory door.
I stay awake long after the noise in the common room has quietened down.
Even long after the other girls in the dorm have fallen asleep.
It's only when the birds outside the window start chirping against the soft blue light of the morning do I finally fall asleep.
The next morning when the girls get up the thumping starts in my head so I take one of the small vials madame Pomfrey gave me for pain management.
When I've taken two, I count the rest and decide to ration them better.
I don't want to have to go back to Madam Pomfrey and ask for more in the first two days of being discharged.
When I settle down in the Great Hall for breakfast our usual spot is empty and I'm shiningly happy for the break.
I grab the tea first but think against it and pour myself a bigger cup than usual of coffee.
"I don't know how you drink that stuff," Ron says as he slings into the seat beside me.
I sigh a little, angry at myself for being annoyed by him.
It's not him I'm angry at.
It's never even Ginny.
"It's a muggle fascination I couldn't really give up," I admit sheepishly as I bring the alluring aroma close to my mouth.
"You look really tired, Mione.
Are you sure you couldn't just get a slip from Pomfrey to excuse you for another day?"
Ron asks, shovelling pastries into his mouth.
"Thanks for the vote of confidence, Ron," I shrug.
He laughs in return and hands me one of the warmer pastries.
I smile at him as I nibble around the edges.
Ron grabs another handful of pastries as he stands, muttering something about trying to get in some Quidditch training in before the first period.
More students enter the great hall to grab some food before the house-elves clear it.
I can't help but watch the doors for him.
After everything that has happened, I want to see his face and see the recognition that what happened last night was real.
But I already know it is true.
It's the only thing I've thought about all night and all morning.
When I've had two extra-large cups of coffee Ginny finally makes her way to our usual spot, sliding in beside me.
At this point, I'm not bothered by the company since the caffeine has finally started to work.
She eats quietly for a moment gauging my reaction from the corner of her eye before speaking.
"I have an idea," Ginny mutters as Malfoy finally enters.
We watch as he moves quickly through the crowds of students exiting to make their way to their first class.
His robes sit ruffled on his shoulders, his appearance dishevelled and his hair is pushed back instead of hanging low over his eyes.
He joins Blaise and Pansy at the Slytherin table and keeps his eyes low.
Ginny calls my name to get my attention.
"I said I have an idea."
I turn to face her, taking another sip from my coffee.
"Ginny, I don't really want to do this right now.
I appreciate it, honestly.
I'm just really tired," I tell her.
She frowns, biting into her cereal.
"Look, I know you feel guilty about keeping this from Harry and Ron," she starts.
I stare at her and notice the conviction in her eyes, knowing she's going to keep going regardless of whether or not I answer.
"This kind of information we have on Malfoy can only be told by you," she says.
"Thanks, Ginny like I didn't already feel the weight of what I know," I sigh.
"No I mean it will sound better coming from you.
But what if what you told Harry and Ron wasn't just bad news?"
Ginny asks, a hint of excitement present in her voice.
I laugh.
"The only way that's going to happen is if I lie Ginny, and I'm not going to lie to them.
That's even worse," I admit.
"No, no!
I'm not asking you to lie, Hermione" "Then what are you proposing?"
I ask.
"I'm saying what if you change the outcome of what you have to tell them," Ginny suggests.
"Ginny you're literally rambling right now," I laugh, finishing up my breakfast.
I put the coffee cup down and gather my books for the first class.
"Look, Hermione," she says taking my arm.
"I was thinking about this all night and I think I figured out a way to change the outcome.
Only you can do it."
"Do what?"
"Change him, Hermione.
So when you have to tell Harry and Ron, Malfoy could be an ally and not an enemy," she exclaims.
I grab her arm and hush her frantically.
"Are you insane, Ginny!
Malfoy isn't just going to magically switch sides," I explain.
"Hermione, you can do this!
You're the only person who can!
Don't you see it?"
Ginny asks.
I grab my stuff and Ginny stops me.
"You can make him see reason, Hermione.
I've seen the way he looks at you.
I truly believe you can get through to him."
Ginny's expression is so intense I can't help but want to believe what's she's saying.
But I'm not sure what she's saying is even possible.
There does not seem to be any universe where it is even feasible that a Death Eater could possibly turn over to the light side let alone Malfoy.
In the silence that pours out between us, I find myself looking over towards the Slytherin table to a familiar pair of eyes.
They're dark and heavy against the laughter coming from Blaise and Pansy.
But they're there and they're watching me as he had promised so long ago.
I can see so much in them, so much pain, hurt and confusion.
All the words he cannot say are there and somehow without my knowing, I am able to see them and understand them.
Over the noise of the great hall, we share are silent moment and I'm not entirely sure how I feel about it.
"You care about him, don't you?"
Ginny's voice cuts through the silence.
I break the eye contact and laugh nervously.
"Come on, Hermione.
It's obvious.
I know that you feel guilty about feeling that way because of what he is now but you can change it," Ginny reassures me.
"Honestly Ginny, I don't think this is even possible," I admit finally hoping she'll just drop it.
Ginny turns her attention towards the Slytherin table momentarily and then back to me.
She stands and grabs her things from the chair beside her.
"This isn't the end for him, Hermione.
He's just a little lost right now," Ginny says, smiling sadly at me as she walks away.
I watch her leave, disappearing amongst the other students congregating at the doorway.
I look over at the Slytherin table and watch as Malfoy seems to be having a heated conversation with Pansy.
He bats her hand away as she tries to hang her arm around his neck.
He notices me watching and I wonder for a moment what it would be like if our situations were reversed.
If I, in fact, was the one in his position sitting at the Slytherin table with the weight of the world on my shoulders.
For once I think he might be right.
I wouldn't be able to cop.
ey everyone!
I know this chapter is probably a little earlier than expected.
But I was just in the mood for writing so I managed to get it wrote in 2 hours today!
I want to thank everyone who reviewed it actually is so nice to get reviews throughout my day and get to read them.
It's so nice to know people are really enjoying the dynamic between Hermione and Draco.
Please let me know what you think of this chapter.
As always, Much love 3 Hermione's Point of View "Do you want to ditch Ancient ruins and come to the quidditch field with Ron and me?"
Harry asks as we leave transfiguration class.
I smirk at him and he laughs nonchalantly.
"In what world, Harry?"
"Yeah, I figured.
But it's always worth asking.
I feel like we haven't hung out much in the last while.
You've been very busy with Prefect duties and helping Professor McGonagall," Harry notes with a sigh.
A tremor of guilt runs through me and I look away, out at the forbidden forest visible through the window.
Words swarm up to the tip of my tongue but I bite down on them.
A small part of me wants to just spew it all out like word vomit so it can't hurt me anymore.
It constantly swirls in my stomach waiting for an outlet.
But if I was to tell him right now everything that I know, who knows what would happen.
He could run straight to Dumbledore and tell him and then I would have to tell Dumbledore.
Who knows in what way?
There could be an inquisition, a meeting where I have to stand up in front of the teachers and Malfoy and rat him out.
I can't decide If that's something that I feel like Malfoy deserves.
To be put through something like that for a choice he claims what not his own.
Since everything that Ginny had said last week, I find myself looking at things a little differently now.
Anytime I have to make a decision I find myself thinking of all possible outcomes and choices.
Even when I see others making decisions.
It's become quite tiresome and time-consuming but regardless I cannot make it stop.
Maybe it hadn't occurred from what Ginny had actually said but more from the idea that she had thought me small-minded.
That had hurt.
"Will you hang out with us in the common room later?"
Harry asks.
"It's Thursday Harry.
I have my rounds from 9 to 10, remember?
But I'll try to come quickly after.
You could always come hang in the library with me after classes?"
Harry laughs in response.
"Hermione you always shush me if I try to talk too much," Harry says.
"That's because you don't have an indoor voice, Harry.
You can't yell in the library!"
I exclaim and Harry laughs in return.
"Whatever, crazy!
I'll see you later in the common room," Harry says as he turns in the opposite direction, heading back towards the Quidditch pitch.
I turn and head towards the bridge.
When I get outside, I pull my hood over my head as a cold January breeze whips fiercely through the open arches in the bridge.
My hood suddenly flies down as I struggle to pull it back up and hold all of my books in one hand.
In the midst of my struggle, my foot gets caught on a slight incline on the ground and I tumble forward, spilling my books across the ground.
I look ahead a notice no one is ahead of me and sigh in relief.
But it doesn't last long.
A horde of laughter erupts from behind me as Crab and Goyle walk around me on the bridge and turn to face me.
"What a clumsy Mudblood," Goyle exclaims.
He pulls out his wand and mutters something.
A string of my hair acts as if attached to the tip of his wand for a moment as he moves it so the hair jabs me in the eye.
I pull the strand of hair away and it seems to disconnect from his wand.
I pull my hood up and work on gathering up my books.
When the two can see my attention is no longer on them, they continue their walk across the bridge, cackling loudly as they move.
I leave the books and stare at the tiny drop of blood running down my leg.
I swipe it away with my sleeve and gladly it doesn't bleed anymore.
I pull my black socks up high over my calf to cover it.
For a moment there is a strange feeling as if my body is not my own as a swift movement of air puts me back on my feet with a jolt.
I look down at the ground as the books, one by one restack and fly up into my arms.
I grab them and hold them close as Malfoy walks past.
He doesn't look at me.
Instead, he pulls up his hood as she slumps past me, his robe billowing in the wind behind him.
He puts his wand back into his pocket.
He doesn't turn or acknowledge me in any way.
I stare after him in complete surprise and bewilderment.
"You don't have to walk with me, Ginny," I say.
Ginny smiles and links her arm through mine.
"I have half an hour to kill before I'm supposed to meet up with Dean Thomas anyways," she admits to which I roll my eyes at her.
"Why are you dragging that poor boy along.
He adores you," I say.
Ginny giggles.
"He's a really good kisser, Hermione.
But he's dull as dishwater.
If he wasn't such a good kisser I would have dropped him a long time ago," she admits confidently.
I wish I had half of Ginny's confidence sometimes.
She has this air about her that just follows her everywhere.
Sometimes when I'm around her I can feel it having an effect on me because I know it when she's gone.
She is the kind of person that does make you want to be a better version of yourself.
She seems to drag that out of people.
I think she would be better suited to my situation.
"Speaking of which…" Ginny says rather suspiciously.
I pull away from her.
"Don't you start, okay!
I'm doing my rounds I can't be distracted by your nonsense right now," I exclaim, turning away trying to look busy, hoping she might believe it and drop the topic she's about to address.
"Oh, Hermione come on it's dead around the castle tonight.
I heard the Ravenclaws were having a secret party so everyone is already at that," Ginny explains.
"No one is going to be out walking around at this time," she adds.
"Oh, great so I'll have to go break that up later and be the bad guy again."
I sigh.
"Stop changing the subject," Ginny whines tugging on my arm.
"Let's just talk girly for like 5 seconds and then I promise I won't ask again for like 2 weeks," Ginny bargains.
I laugh loudly as we pass Slughorns classroom.
It causes emotions to rise inside me as I remember all the secret words Malfoy and I shared in that classroom.
"Ginny, I don't know," I say, embarrassed.
"Let's just talk for 5 minutes.
No restrictions.
You can say whatever you want and I won't judge you," Ginny pushes.
I sigh, slumming down my shoulders.
"Okay," I finally say.
A wide smile crosses her face but when she takes in my pained expression she redraws herself properly, wearing a more calm and collected expression.
She looks away nonchalantly as she speaks, giving me some privacy I imagine.
"So what was it like?
To kiss Draco Malfoy," she asks.
I can tell by the tone of her voice shes trying really hard to sound not bothered by the whole conversation.
I smirk a little as we round another corridor.
I pull my robe tight to my chest as we pass the door for the bridge.
I think about what Malfoy did today, helping me with my books.
I turn back to the question at hand and ponder back to that day almost two weeks ago now.
"I don't know, Gin.
It was my first real kiss and I wasn't even prepared," I say, shyly, remembering how much the kiss had shocked me.
"What do you mean?
Didn't you kiss Victor Krum?"
Ginny asks.
"Well, yes.
I did.
Well I mean it was just different.
With Victor, he didn't really kiss like what I imagined kissing was supposed to be like.
He would just press his lips to mine and hold them there for a few seconds.
Sometimes it was actually quite uncomfortable.
Like kissing a corpse."
I look over at Ginny's eager expression as she laps up this conversation.
My cheeks turn red.
"Ginny I really can't do this conversation.
I'm turning into a strawberry," I admit, pressing my cold hands against my warm cheeks in an attempt to cool them down.
"No, you're doing great.
You agreed to 5 minutes!
Now, was Malfoy more of what you were expecting?"
she asks and I sigh.
"Yes, I don't know.
I guess so.
Yes," I say, my voice rambling embarrassingly.
I grew up as an only child and although my parents and I were very close we never really talked much about feelings so.
Ginny and I only really became close in the last 2 years of school and as much as she had always tried to drag these kinds of conversations out of me, they're harder than I imagined.
"Do you think he liked it?"
She asks and I stop.
I had used all of my self-control to not think too much about to kiss because I didn't want to have to deal with the emotions that came with it.
But now with Ginny's excessive questions, I feel as though I am right back there.
I think back to the feeling of his callous fingers against my neck and how he tilted my head back to deepen the kiss.
I think of how his lips felt against mine, so warm and educated.
It was a thousand times different to kiss Draco Malfoy than to kiss Victor Krum.
He had been the same age then as Malfoy is now but he didn't have anything on Malfoy as much as it confuses me to admit that to myself.
Feelings start to rise inside me as heat pulses out of me.
I walk over to the wall nearest to the window and crack it open a little, allowing some air to hit against my neck.
Ginny comes over and puts her hand reassuringly on my shoulder.
"What's wrong?"
she asks.
I inhale and exhale deeply trying to clear my head but tears suddenly start to fall down my face.
"Ginny what am I supposed to do with this?"
I ask, my voice shaking.
I clear my throat loudly.
"Ginny, why would he kiss me like that?
What is he trying to do?
What's his goal here?
I just don't know how to deal with this!"
I exclaim, my voice cracking.
I clear my throat loudly again trying to regain some control but I can't stop the tears from falling.
My emotions feel right on the surface, all spilling out at once.
"It's okay, Hermione.
Just breathe.
Here," she says handing me a tissue she pulled from her robe pocket.
I dry my eyes roughly and blow my nose loudly.
"Have you ever considered the idea that he might like you, Hermione?
That maybe he always kind of has?"
Ginny hands me another tissue when I soak the first one.
I laugh a little at her comment.
"Yeah, it was really obvious those first few years of school when he was constantly bulling me," I laugh.
But what she's saying suddenly clicks in my head.
"You don't actually believe that, though right?"
I reply frantically.
"Well, my mother said that old saying to me so I'm sure your mother said it to you," Ginny replies with a smug half-smile.
She's right, my mother had said it when I was younger.
That if a boy was mean to you it was because he liked you.
I had been so young when my mother had first said it, I hadn't given it much thought.
I remember coming home crying from Primary school because Chris Laffan has pushed me off the swing and I had scraped my knee.
My mother told me he must have a crush on me.
"Ginny that's just something mothers said to little girls.
It's not actually true," I push.
Ginny raises her shoulders in a shrug.
"Well I mean seeing as he was kissing you two weeks ago, I would say maybe this is a case when it might actually be true," Ginny argues.
"Think about it for a second.
He saw you the first day of school and say maybe he thought you two could be friends but then he found out you were a muggle-born.
So, maybe he was angry because his father had taught him that that was wrong so maybe he hated you instead.
And we both know what they say about love and hate."
Ginny smiles smugly to herself.
"That's a lot of maybes Ginny," I say wiping the remaining dampness from my cheeks.
"I think you're clutching at straws," I add.
"And I think you're avoiding any logical explanation, "Ginny argues.
"Yes because there isn't any logical explanation.
It doesn't make sense for Malfoy to suddenly…" I trail off.
"…want you?"
Ginny fills in.
I shrug, unsure.
"When did this start?"
Ginny asks, a strange concentration coming over her face.
She grabs my shoulder as realisation replaces concentration.
"What?"
I ask, a nervous laugh escaping.
"I've been such a fool," Ginny says aghast.
"The award!
This all started after the award.
Whatever he saw in that vile, it changed him, Hermione," Ginny shouts.
I shush her automatically even though the corridors are empty.
"I don't think so, Ginny.
He told me what he saw.
Well, he gave me an idea," I admit.
"What did he see?
Why haven't you told me this already?"
Ginny exclaims a little hurt.
"It was a while ago and I didn't want to hurt your feelings because I knew you wanted me to be with Ron," I say.
"Hermione, I just want you to be happy is all.
I thought you liked Ron and that's why I was encouraging it," Ginny explains.
"What does this have to do with Ron?"
"Malfoy initially asked me to stay away from Ron…romantically," I say shyly, gauging her reaction.
"Why?"
"He said that he saw me die if I was with him," I explain.
Ginny weights this up.
"And what?
You believe that?"
"Well, yeah?"
I ask, confused.
"It doesn't add up, Hermione.
It doesn't make any sense.
If he didn't care he would have said nothing to you and let you die.
But he told you.
He warned you because he cares and in that warning, he also made sure nothing romantic happened between you and Ron.
Something would have happened if he hadn't said anything, am I right?"
"Well, I mean, I suppose so.
That would have been the natural progression," I admit.
Saying that out loud makes me feel horrible.
Like Ron wasn't a choice but something I had to fall into.
It makes me feel terribly sad about the situation now and in some ways, I'm glad Malfoy brought me to this conclusion before I got involved with something that would have been near impossible to leave.
"There is more, Hermione.
I'm willing to bet that Malfoy is just a cauldron of secrets."
"That I agree with," I say.
"He saw more than he's letting on in that vile," Ginny says musingly.
She glances down at her watch and her face lights up in surprise.
"Oh, I was supposed to meet Dean 10 minutes ago," Ginny exclaims, turning away.
"We're not finished this conversation though," she says pointing at me as she takes off down the corridor, waving as she disappears.
I laugh a little, wiping a hand against my cheek to make sure it's dry.
I feel a little lighter after the conversation.
I exhale and gather myself as I make my way down the opposite direction to Ginny.
I walk back the route I've already taken and stop when I reach the door to the bridge.
I can almost see how cold it is outside and yet something seems to call out to me.
Inviting me out into the cold with a false offering of warmth and peacefulness.
I oblige.
When I push open the heavy double doors the cold assaults me.
I pull my robe tight around me but something stops me from casting a warmth charm.
Something about the cold clears the fog in my head and sobers me up against all these heavy, drunken thoughts.
I walk out to the centre of the bridge, feeling lighter and clearer with every step.
Something about the breeze reminds me of the steep hills I use to sit on behind my house, watching the cars pass on the motorway.
I hear the double doors creak out and the breeze tells me who it is before I see him.
Draco's Point of View I find her on the bridge and I watch her for a moment through the stained-glass windows in the double doors.
The wind causes her hair to pull upwards, swirling all around her face as she stares out over the river.
What the hell is she doing?
She's going to freeze to death out there.
I pull open the doors and the wind immediately cuts through me.
I make my way towards her.
She looks a little right in my direction but doesn't take her eyes off the ground as I approach.
I watch as she pulls her robe tighter around her.
I stop a couple of feet away from her and just stare at her, unsure of what to do.
I had actually expected her to walk away the closer I got.
Now finding myself uneasy I simply lean against the wall beside her and stare out at the river below.
"You're going to get sick if you stay out here," I say, uneasy.
I hear a faint laugh in return.
She turns towards me with a clear sober expression.
I inhale sharply, taken aback by the conviction and certainty in her eyes.
If this is the game we're going to play I can accept.
I run my hand through my hair and rewire my face to match hers.
"That all you've got to say?"
she asks sharply.
"What else to do you expect?"
I ask.
She huffs and I expect her to storm away but she doesn't.
She turns back and stares out again.
I furrow my eyebrows together as I watch her.
Has the cold gotten to her and made her delusional?
"I guess I expected more, Malfoy," she says, quietly, more to herself.
"What do you want, Granger?"
I ask, curious.
How does she want this to go?
As much as it makes me uncomfortable, I am aware that the ball is in her court, somewhat.
"Something you won't give me," she answers, smugly.
"And that is?"
"Answers," she says curtly.
"Do you have the questions?"
I ask, smugly.
She laughs half-hearteningly but it doesn't reach her eyes.
"I have the questions and you have the answers.
But we keep them to ourselves.
Isn't that always the way?"
she laughs sardonically.
"Isn't that just the game we play?"
I ask.
"Aren't you tired of playing this game?
Or is it all just a game to you?"
she asks, turning back to me with an intensity that causes my stomach to tense.
"This is what we do," I say, my voice convincing.
"We?
This is what you do, I just used to play along with it out of curiosity.
But I don't think I will anymore.
Maybe then you'll get bored and this can finally be over," she says, her voice low and serious.
I step towards her and she backs into the pillar.
"Malfoy, don't!"
She warns pressing her hands against my chest when I step forward again.
When she touches me a current passes from her body to mine and I know she feels it too because I can see the uncertainty in her eyes.
"You don't get to just back out Granger.
Nothing has changed," I explain.
"Everything has changed, Malfoy!"
She screams, her voice echoing around the empty spaces of the bridge.
"You're a …."
I watch the fear pass over her face and it becomes clear what she thinks of me in that second.
"Say it," I shout back at her, my chest rumbling with the force of it.
Her face drops slightly but she regains some of her fight back.
"You're a Death Eater, Malfoy.
Why would you ever allow something like that to happen?"
She asks, a begging tone hidden underneath.
"I already told you," I start.
"There was no choice.
There was no conversation.
It was just one day I went to get my mark the same way you go to sleep at night.
Like it was completely normal and natural because that's the way it was always going to go.
I always knew that."
I admit.
I watch the way Granger's expression changes from horror to pity continuously.
"There was no choice for me, Granger.
There never was," I admit, sadly.
Grangers hands on my chest change from pushing to sitting completely still.
They've warmed against my robes.
"So you thought you'd make a choice for me?
Keep me away from Ron to prevent me from dying?"
she asks, staring up at my face.
The cold has frozen her face in his glass-like appearance where one touch might crack it and she could fade away into the cold breeze.
But her rosy red cheeks prove that there is some life still left in her, matching her deep red lips.
Another factor from the cold.
"Actually, I thought saving you could make up for all the shit I have to do," I say, but catch myself.
Fear runs through my core.
I hadn't meant to say that but I had gotten side-tracked looking at her face.
I curse myself inwardly.
"What have you been asked to do?"
she says, obviously immediately picking up on it.
I step back, cursing myself inwardly again as her hands fall away from my chest and sit awkwardly at her sides.
There's panic in her voice as she speaks and I think of the severity of the situation all of a sudden.
What would people say if they were to walk out on the bridge now and see us standing her actually talking?
My how the rumours would spread.
"Come on," I say, grabbing her wrist as I pull her across the bridge.
She follows reluctantly and to my surprise doesn't pull her wrist back.
I pull her arm quickly causing her jacket to push back and I wrap my hand around the bare flesh of her wrist where her skin is warm and soft.
She stumbles a little but keeps following.
Inside the double doors, I hear the noise of footsteps down the corridor.
I look back at her and her eyes are huge with fear.
I slide my hand down and grab her hand, pulling her frantically as she stares at the direction in which the footsteps are coming.
"Move it, Granger," I urge and she finally follows.
I pull her into the first classroom I see and we both rush to close the door causing it to bang a little louder than I would have liked.
We both stand there pushing on the door, her body in front of mine, both our arms outstretched towards the door.
Her back pressed against my front as we listen carefully.
"What if they come in here?"
Granger whispers as the footsteps get louder.
I shush her as I try to listen and pray they go down the opposite corridor or across the bridge.
But they draw closer and voice start to take shape.
When they come up to the door Granger pushes back away from the door, flush against me and heat drops to my groin.
I drop my head onto Granger's shoulder as the footsteps stop outside of the door.
I drop my arms from the door and without much thought, I bring them in front and wraps them around her.
One low around her waist and one high around her shoulders and I pull her close.
She inhales loudly as the voices outside become recognisable.
"Don't speak," I warn quietly into her ear as I pull her slowly back away from the door.
I pick her up and move as slowly and smoothly as I can back through the rows of desks and table.
When I step up onto the podium the teacher's table is located on, it creaks ever so slightly.
I curse and move quicker backwards behind one of the enormous mahogany bookcases.
The classroom door swings open slowly as Granger and I disappear into the darkness castes by the bookcase.
I pull her back against the wall and lower her slowly down on top of my shoes.
She awkwardly drops her feet down either side of mine trying not to make a sound.
I keep my arms wrapped tight around her as we stand as still as possible.
I watch as Blaise and Pansy enter the classroom through a gap above the books and the shelve above it.
Granger isn't tall enough to see so she stares nervously ahead, her body shaking against mine.
I bring my mouth down close to her ear and brush the hair back behind it before I speak.
"It's Blaise and Pansy," I whisper as quietly as I can.
"Don't make a sound," I warn.
I feel her head nod against my chest.
"Pansy what are you doing?"
Blaise asks, irritation present in his voice.
"Didn't you hear that?
I could have sworn we were going to run in on some third years shacking up in here?"
Pansy answers, her voice disappointed.
I pity any third years she's caught before.
They would never be able to live it down.
I think what she would say if she were to walk around this bookcase right now.
I would certainly never live It down.
"Come on, let's go back to the common room.
There's no one here," Blaise calls.
"Hey, while we're here," Pansy starts with a raised eyebrow and Blaise laughs.
"Thought Malfoy was more your type?
Or Nott?"
Blaise replies smartly.
"Hmm, jealous I never give you any attention?
And for the record I don't have a type," Pansy says seductively.
I watch as she makes her way across the classroom towards Blaise and wraps an arm around his neck, leaning in for a kiss.
Granger's body goes stark still as the sound of kissing fills the silence of the classroom.
I look away and bow my head down onto Granger's shoulder again, breathing in the scent of her shampoo.
I try to think of anything else besides the sounds of kissing when Granger is so dangerously close to me.
Her behind pressing dangerously against me.
A sweat slithers up my back as I try to think of distractions.
I hear the sound of chairs scraping against the floor as Blaise and Pansy drag two tables together and continue kissing on top of them.
This can not actually be real life.
"Fuck sake," I curse low under my breath into Granger's hair.
Against my forearm, her chest rises and falls rapidly her breathing becoming a little loud.
Is she panicking?
"Breathe," I whisper low, brushing my lips against her ear as I speak.
She shivers.
I extend my arms out as she inhales and pull in when it's time for her to exhale, regulating her breathing until her chest slows gradually.
"Good girl," I murmur against her ear.
She shivers again.
I feel myself getting hard and if she can feel it, she's doing a good job of hiding it.
Pansy whines loudly and I turn to see Blaise stepping down from the table.
"Why are you stopping?"
She asks, buttoning up her shirt.
"Cause I'm not about to fuck you against some old wooden tables.
Come back to my bed," Blaise suggests.
"What about Malfoy?"
Pansy asks and my name in her mouth makes me feel sick.
"Doesn't matter.
He doesn't sleep much anymore anyway," Blaise says.
I hadn't noticed that he had noticed that.
Pansy gathers her things off the table and finishes buttoning up her shirt as Blaise opens the classroom door for her.
When the door is shut, we wait, listening as their voices drift away.
When it's been silent for an entire minute Granger pushes away from me and takes a few steps before turning around.
Her expression is so hard to read because it is like looking at a painting.
One that you know is beautiful but you don't fully understand.
One of the ones that knowledgeable men would study and argue over and would hang in a museum somewhere.
"I cannot do this with you," she cries her voice breaking.
She puts up her hands and shouts when I automatically step forward.
"I can't do it, Malfoy.
It's tearing me apart.
This is tearing me apart," she says pointing between us frantically.
"I can't do it," she says again.
"I can't do what you're asking me to do," she sobs, tears running down her face.
She keeps her hands outstretching as a warning against any of my advances.
"And what am I asking you to do?"
I bark back, unsure of how to handle her sobbing so frantically.
I watch as her chest heaves again.
"You know what you're asking of me.
Every time you touch me you know what you're asking and I just can't.
I can't," she says, her voice trailing off into incoherent rambling.
"Granger- "I don't know if I can ever forgive you for lying to me about being what you are," she says and her words cut through me.
"Granger- "And I know you said it wasn't a choice and I understand that, Malfoy.
But to some extent, we have control over our own lives.
It only becomes a lack of a choice when we chose to allow something to happen," she says, her voice low.
"Do you not see how crazy all of this even is?
Every time I stop and think about the fact that this conversation is even happening, I think it's barbaric!"
she exclaims throwing her arms out in frustration.
"Harry is my best friend, Malfoy," she says suddenly, changing the atmosphere, her eyes turning solemn and sad.
"I know th- "There is a line in the sand, Malfoy.
You and I are on different sides," she says.
The worst part is that her words cause such a reaction in me.
They cause this anger to rise inside me and I have to use all my strength to keep it at bay because even though she rises it, it is not aimed at her.
It is aimed at me because I know that she is right.
Everything that she is saying is right and with each logical word, we get further and further away from what I saw in her future.
But that doesn't mean that it is gone.
"What do you want from me, Granger?
What do you want me to say?
Cause I know you have it all probably worked out in your head?"
I ask, stepping closer till her hand is pressed against my chest again.
She looks down at the space in between us as she uses her shoulder to wipe away some of the tears.
"I don't know," she admits, sniffling.
"Yes, you do.
Now, what do you want?"
I ask again.
She dries her eyes and stares up at me with bloodshot eyes all red and swollen.
"Say something that makes sense, Malfoy?
For once?"
I smile down at her, smugly.
"I think that you will forgive me," I say and her mouth falls open a little.
"Eventually," I add.
She huffs.
"Wishful thinking, perhaps?"
She smiles smugly in return.
I reach up and take one of her hands on my chest and give it a squeeze.
"Actually, I've seen it," I admit with a smug raise of my eyebrows.
Her own eyebrows shoot up when she realises, I'm talking about her future.
While the realisation sets in, I turn on my heel and leave her standing there in confusion.
On my way out I make sure to leave the door open.
At least on my sid.
ey guys!
Here's the next chapter in the story.
We're kind of coming near the end of the story.
I don't think there will be too many more chapters.
But thank you all for reviewing I appreciate it so much.
Much love 3 Hermione's Point of View It is in the aftermath of his words that I find myself here, alone in my dormitory.
I had managed to squeeze past everyone in the common room rather successfully.
Now I'm wondering whether I should have stopped and sat with Harry and Ron.
My absence has been noted and avoiding them for another night is only going to cause more problems.
Maybe their conversations could have proved as a useful distraction.
My mind starts twisting and turning again as it begins going down one pathway before turning to another one.
I think of the severity of the situation we were just in.
If Pansy or Blaise had come around that bookcase and seen us I don't know what would have happened.
I can't begin to imagine what they might have said or what I would have said.
Or even what Malfoy would have said to explain away the reason we were both in the same room.
But the panic I experienced had not come from the fact that Pansy and Blaise were making out on the table two feet away from us.
It had come from his left arm pressed close to my chest and neck.
His arm that bears the mark pressed so tightly against me, holding me still.
The panic had come from being so close to it, having it so near my heart.
I swore it felt cold pressed against me, like ice that sticks when you touch it.
But then I think of his other arm wrapped lower down, across my stomach and how when I had panicked his thumb had moved up and down, almost caressingly.
I don't even know if he was aware he was doing it.
But I could feel it because it was moving against skin that was visible because my jumper was somewhat pulled up.
I think of his lips, whispering low, close to my ear and how it tingled to have them brush against it.
I roll over in the bed and pull the blanket up over my head, blocking out the glare from the light.
I breathe deeply for a while until the panic in my chest settles down.
What have I gotten myself involved with?
How could I let all of this happen?
It all feels like one giant mess and I like myself and my life to be together and prepared.
It doesn't fit me but I can't seem to figure out a way to set it right.
Malfoy isn't the type of person that you can just handle or organise.
He's an enigma.
One to be reckoned with and I don't know if I'm strong enough to fit against him anymore.
Draco's Point of View "I didn't see you at the party last night?"
Blaise says as we're walking to potions.
"Hmm, yeah not exactly my scene.
Heard she invited third years," I comment.
Blaise rolls his eyes.
"It wasn't too bad," he says, readjusting his bag strap.
"Do anything interesting afterwards?"
I say, slyly, hoping to get a rise out him.
He raises his eyebrow at me and I look the other way.
"No, the usual.
Why?"
he asks sceptically.
"No reason," I smirk.
Blaise knows I know something but he doesn't have enough information to keep digging so he lets it go.
I smile to myself.
It's probably not best to taunt him about last night incase he inquires how I might know.
Sometimes I have a bad habit of talking myself into sticky situations.
But I also manage to get out of them quite well so I think that's why I still dabble in them.
A force moves past me, shouldering me.
Potter walks past and looks over his shoulder at me with a frown.
"Watch it, Potter.
Do we all have to clear the halls and make room for the chosen one or something?
Did I miss the memo?"
I scowl.
Potter turns on his heels to face me and the look on his face tells me he's more than willing to engage in this fight.
I'm glad, I have some pent up anger to get out after last nights steamer than usual run-in with Granger.
"No, but maybe they should clear the halls for a scumbag Death Eater like you," he growls back at me.
A few eyes turn our way.
"Watch your fucking mouth, Potter.
Didn't your mother teach you better, oh, wait."
Potter throws his forearm against my neck and pushes up.
Sadly I'm a lot taller and stronger than he is.
I grab his arm and twist, pushing him back against the stone wall.
The air leaves his chest in a loud grunt.
"Don't ever fucking touch me," I snap, twisting his arm tighter.
He recoils from the pain.
Potter manages to untangle himself somehow and pushes back against my chest, hard.
"You think just because Dumbledore didn't believe me about what you did to Katie Bell that you're off the hook.
I'm sure you'll fuck up again and when you do I'll make sure to have proof this time," Potter warns.
I clench my teeth together as he speaks.
The whole Katie Bell thing is something I don't give much thought to because of how badly I messed up the entire situation and what came after it.
"You'd want to be careful throwing around accusations like that without any proof.
You haven't a God damn idea what you're talking about," I spit back.
"I know what you are, Malfoy.
I'm not the only one either," he says.
I think of Granger and I wonder has she told him about it.
I doubt it because then she would have to explain her part of the situation.
"I bet your father is proud of your fuck up," Potter adds and this hits a nerve.
I ball my hands into fists.
My father had not been proud of my fuck up, he had only been proud of the fact that I had almost killed Granger in the process.
My stomach churns.
I'm ready for this to end.
So it begins.
I begin.
"Yeah, do you think your mother is proud of you Potter?
How many times have you failed now?"
I ask and I can see from his eyes that this hits a nerve.
So I continue even though a few students have started to notice the altercation and stopped on their way to their classes to watch.
Maybe hoping this might escalate.
"I bet she screamed when she died like the traitor that she is."
His fist connects with my jaw and it's almost like he's struck a match against me.
I light up and hit him back twice as hard.
When he drops I watch him fall and wipe the blood away from my lips.
I can feel one of my teeth come a little loose at the back from his punch.
There is a loud gasp from the students standing around watching.
"Let's go Malfoy before a Professor comes.
You don't want to get caught up in this," Blaise warns but I continue staring down at Potter waiting for him to stand.
"This isn't over," he says, standing up and walking back the way we came.
I smirk and pick up my bag.
I glare at a group of second years staring open-mouthed at us until they turn on their heels and start moving.
"Let's go," I say to Blaise.
He follows beside me as we make our way into potions.
"Maybe you should go and get that cut looked at?"
Blaise comments as we take our seats at our work station.
I wipe my mouth again and see that my lip is still bleeding.
I ignore it.
"It'll be fine," I say as I watch the door for Granger.
I wonder what kind of face she'll make when she sees me.
She eventually arrives with the weasel and hurries to her seat before she notices me.
She stands still by her chair, dumping her bag on top as she takes in my bleeding lip.
I wipe at it again, my sleeve covered it blotches of red.
She furrows her brows together in confusion as she takes her seat, concern present in her eyes.
I stare at her neck and remember how she smelt last night pressed against me.
"Look in a mirror recently Malfoy," the weasel comments.
"Have you?"
I ask back quick enough to earn a snigger from Blaise.
The weasel ignores my comment and I smirk.
But Granger continues watching me, searching my face for the reason why I have a busted lip.
I merely stare at her, watching her face change expressions and emotions.
Something about being able to cause her face to change so much always gets a rise out of me.
I loved it even when I was younger.
To be able to cause a reaction in her was always my goal when I attacked the golden trio.
She was always so stoic so it made the reward twice as good.
When Slughorn calls the class to attention he starts to ramble on about today's assignment.
Talking us through the instructions and what ingredients are going to be necessary from the greenhouse today.
Granger takes notes but it's not her usual fast-paced scribble as she stops several times to watch me from the corner of her eyes.
As if I'm going to get into another fight if she doesn't keep an eye on me.
I imagine what other kinds of expressions I can get her to make.
"Mr Malfoy," Slughorn calls and my eyes move to his in confusion.
The whole class turns and gawks at me.
"Go to the bathroom at once, your lip is swelling up and bleeding," he orders and I put my hand to my mouth.
Suddenly I can feel the heat coming off of it.
I hadn't noticed it before.
I roll my eyes at him as I swing around on the chair and stand up.
I look at Granger once before leaving and her eyes are full of questions.
Hermione's Point of View.
I watch as he leaves the classroom with his usually nonchalant walk.
I can't help but wonder at the cut on his lip and the marks starting to form on his right fist.
Surely he had to have been in a fight but this early in the morning?
And with who?
I turn to Ron in questioning but he just rolls his eyes at me.
I reconstruct my face for him because of course I cannot be concerned about whatever activities Malfoy chooses to get himself involved in.
For the next painfully slow ten minutes I try to focus on what Professor Slughorn is saying but I can't help listening out for the noise of the door opening to alert me that Malfoy is coming back.
A small part of me wants to go to Slughorn after class and ask for Ron and me to be reassigned a different work station.
Malfoy is far too distracting to be around during class.
Knowing that he's just across the table from me makes it almost impossible to give my full attention to class.
Sixty per cent of me is always watching and monitoring everything he does from the corner of my eye.
Ron jots down the list of ingredients we need from the greenhouse.
"You want to go?
Or should I?"
He asks, waving the piece of paper in his hand.
"No you go, I'll get set up here," I assure him, watching the door again.
Something is off.
It's been almost fifteen minutes now.
Where could he be?
I don't think Slughorn would even notice if he decided never to come back to class.
I look over at Harry's work station and notice that he's not there either.
My stomach starts to do flops.
Solid realisation forms and doubt creeps into my mind.
What if Malfoy and Harry got in a fight?
Would he say anything about me just to get at him?
Where could Harry be?
He never misses potions.
He's one of slughorns best students because of that stupid textbook he got.
I gulp down some rising panic as I raise my hand.
"Yes, Miss Granger?"
"Sir, is it okay if I use the bathroom?"
I ask.
"Hmm, I'd prefer if you would use the restroom during the break times, but if you must," he says motioning towards the door.
I thank him with a shy smile and leave the room trying not to make eye contact with Blaise.
Ron is going to be really confused when he gets back from the Greenhouse but I have to find Harry.
Once outside the room, I make my way quickly across the bridge and shiver.
I couldn't exactly grab my jacket on the walk out of the classroom.
Slughorn would find that far too suspicious.
It's especially cold today.
I pull open the double doors and head towards the common room.
I'll check there first and then I'll check the quidditch pitch.
At the bottom of the hallway, I hear a strange noise as the door to the boy's bathroom swings open and Harry emerges, drenched in sweat.
He stumbles out, clutching his wand in one hand.
His eyes look far away and there's a horrible expression on his face.
"Harry!
What's going on?
Where were you?"
I ask when I get close to him.
Up close I can see his eyes look frozen still, unblinking.
"Hermione!
What are you doing here?"
He asks, shoving his wand back into the pocket of his robes.
"I was looking for you.
You weren't in Slughorns class.
Hey, wait!"
I call after him as he tries to push past me.
"Harry whats going on?"
I ask, pulling on his arm.
He pulls it out of my grip.
"Go back to class Hermione.
Nothing is wrong," he says as he turns and walks away.
He passes the entrance to the bridge and I know he's not going to Slughorns class.
An unpleasant panic rises inside me suddenly as I look towards the boy's bathroom feeling like I already know what's to come.
Outside the sun moves behind the clouds and I watch as it disappears in a long strip down the hallway as if zeroing in on the boy's bathroom.
The closer I get to the door the more I hear the sound of rushing water.
I knock on the door and call out to see if there's anyone in there first before I enter.
When I get inside I step down into a puddle of water that reaches up to the top of my shoes.
I sigh inwardly as the water leaks in and drenches my socks.
I shake my foot out as I lift it only to step into another deep puddle.
Over by the large ornate mirrors, the main foundation area has been destroyed and the water is jutting upwards at an alarming speed.
I look down at the pool gathering underneath and I notice the water coming from the right side looks a little redder than expected.
I call out again but the sound of rushing water seems the swallow the sound of my voice.
I move over to the right side of the fountain as a pair of feet come into view.
Panic rises again and I have to steady myself to keep upright.
I walk the whole way around the fountain and that's when I see him lying in the puddle on the ground, water almost up to his ears.
His robe hangs across a broken washbasin above his head.
Leaving him wearing only a shirt that is mostly drenched in blood.
Two large cuts are swiped across his chest.
They're bleeding but not that much which makes me realise that they must be deep.
Most of the blood has come from the smaller cuts dotted around his chest and arms.
My legs shake terribly as I drop myself down in the puddle beside him, soaking all of my pants.
I place my hand on his chest and I watch as it shakes.
His breathing is slow and weak and the loss of blood swirling in the water between us has paled his face to the point he looks almost Blue.
He looks almost dead.
"Malfoy," I whisper, shaking him by the shoulder.
Before I notice it I'm in complete shock.
My body parts barely reacting to my brain functions as I sit frozen staring down at his corpse-like appearance.
"Malfoy, please," I beg, shaking him harder this time.
"Please," I say, starting to cry.
"It's me."
I watch as his eyes open partly, flickering a little before opening fully.
He grunts, clearing his throat.
Tears stream down my face as he recognises me.
"Malfoy, what happened?
What can I do?"
I ask, taking his hand in mine and squeezing until my hand hurts from the force.
"Please, I don't know what to do.
There's so much blood," I say my face shaking horribly as I plead for him to tell me what to do.
"Get snape," he murmurs, his eyes shut again.
I stand, trembling as I will my legs to move.
When I get outside of the bathroom I move as fast as my legs will allow me, thanking everything and anything that Snape's office is only around the corner.
I burst in the door, dripping water all over the floor catching myself before I slip from the force.
"Miss Granger!
How dare you just barge into my office like this!
50 points from Gryffindor-" "It's Malfoy!"
I scream, frantically, waving for him to follow me.
All fear of him gone from my mind when Malfoy might be dying in the bathroom down the hall.
"Please, hurry!"
I urge Professor Snape as he stares at me in bewilderment before eventually getting out of his chair.
I practically sprint down the hallway back to the bathroom as Snape follows at his usual pace, clearing not noting the severity of the situation.
I drop down beside Malfoy as I hear Snape enter the bathroom.
"It's okay, Malfoy.
He's here," I whisper close to his ear but his eyes are still closed.
Snape steps around the fountain awkwardly trying to lift his robe so it won't get wet.
When he sees Malfoy on the ground he drops his robe.
"What happened here?
Did you do this?"
Snape demands.
"No of course not!
I just found him like this," I say, trying to keep my tears back.
"Can you please do something he's lost a lot of blood," I beg.
Snape drops down beside me and notes the marks on Malfoys chest, recognition in his eyes.
Snape starts to chant a spell I haven't heard before.
After a couple of seconds, the blood pooling in the water starts to slowly run back into Malfoy's body and I watch as the colour comes back into his cheek and his eyes flutter open a little.
He gives my hand a squeeze.
I sigh loudly in relief and wipe the tears off my cheeks as I drop my head down beside his, resting my cheek against his.
"I thought you were dead," I whisper into his ear as one of my tears drops onto his cheek.
Malfoy lifts his head up as he sits upright and leans back against the broken water fountain.
He looks down as his ripped shirt and fingers the large holes for a second before staring at me.
Suddenly the air in the room changes from life and death to a kind of awkward realisation.
He looks at Snape and then back at me and I frantically wipe away the tears.
"Go back to class Granger," Malfoy says in a monotone and I look at Snape's stoic expression out of the corner of my eye.
"Yes, Miss Granger.
Your services are no longer needed.
Back to class at once," Professor Snape orders.
I drop my eyes under Snape's heavy voice and stand.
I look at where the blood and cuts were just located on Malfoy's chest and no matter if they're not there anymore it's a sight I know that I will never forget.
As I make my way back to the dormitory to get a fresh set of uniform I can't help but feel the weight of what just happened.
Had Harry done that to Malfoy?
And for what reason?
What had Malfoy said or done to provoke it?
But it was not the fact that Malfoy and Harry had gotten in a fight, it was the fact that because of the situation we're in I imagine it won't be the only time Malfoy or Harry will find themselves in that situation.
There is a war coming and there will be lives and blood lost until there is a victor.
Whether it be Harry or Malfoy's side.
Seeing Malfoy like that has made me believe that this can no longer continue between us.
It half killed me just now to see him cut up like that I can't imagine what would happen if I was on the other side of the battlefield and I saw him die on the opposite side.
There would be no words to explain to anyone why his death would destroy me.
At what point had I reached this mindset.
When had he gotten his claws this deep into me and how could I have allowed myself to let it happen.
When had I fallen for him in return?
It must have been so quick and easy because I didn't even feel it happening.
Perhaps it had been there this entire time but seeing him lying almost dead on the bathroom floor had opened my eyes to it.
But I cannot allow this to continue.
I can't be in this war and worry about two people who are on opposite sides.
How can I fight alongside Harry and pray every day that we don't run into Malfoy out there?
Because I know I wouldn't be able to hurt him if the time came.
I can't go into war with this weakness.
But am I too far gone now?
When McGonagall leaves her room at 10:15 pm I wait eagerly by the door for him, leaning against her desk.
If he thinks he can avoid coming tonight I will personally go to the Slytherin common room and make a sceptical of myself.
I had avoided Harry for the rest of the day because I wasn't sure how I felt towards him after what he had done to Malfoy.
There was no if or maybe about it.
He had come from the same bathroom I had found Malfoy in so it only made sense that Harry had done it.
I exhale deeply, preparing myself for the war that's to come.
I have to end this properly this time before it gets out of hand.
It is time to really speak to him.
I try to compartmentalise my thoughts and emotions but he pushes the door open and interrupts my thought process.
My mind suddenly goes blank as he enters and stares at me.
I can't remember what I was just trying to do.
"What were you doing in the boy's bathroom today, Granger?
That the kind of thing you're into?"
Malfoy starts with a deep smirk and my thoughts finally come back to me and settle.
"We need to talk," I start.
Malfoy walks around McGonagall's table and sits in the chair staring up at me leaning against the table.
His hand resting on the armrest touches my thigh.
"Getting right too it, huh?"
he smiles.
I brush my hair out of my face and tuck it behind each ear.
"I want to know what happened today?"
I say, trying to keep my voice even.
I don't want to play any more games right now.
"Don't worry about it," he says batting his hand at me.
"That's not the question I asked?"
I repeat more sternly this time.
He addresses my expression and smirks again.
"It was just some pent up shit with Potter.
No big deal," he finally admits.
I weigh this over in my head somewhat glad that it wasn't to do with me at least.
"Malfoy, you were bleeding to death on the ground when I found you.
I thought you were going to die!"
I exclaim.
"Were you worried about me?"
he asks with a raised eyebrow.
"Cut the bullshit!"
"Were you?"
He asks again dryly, staring at me so intently I have to look away.
"Of course I was," I mumble, meeting his eyes again.
He stands up from the chair and cups my neck in his hands, caressing me.
He brings his face down close to mine and kisses my neck.
I push him back hard and his foot stumbles over the chair and he hits back into the stone wall.
He starts to laugh as he rights himself.
"I forgot how strong you are," he says, still laughing.
"Malfoy, please.
I want to talk properly.
I don't want to play this game anymore.
I need answers this time otherwise I'm walking out that door and I won't be coming back.
I'm serious this time," I say as sharply as I can.
He stares down at me questioningly but shrugs.
"Then ask the questions," he says.
"You said the other day that you wanted to save me as a way to make up for all the things you've been asked to do.
What are they?"
I ask, eyeing him.
"I can't answer that," he says honestly.
I nod slowly unsure.
"Are they bad?"
"They're not good, Granger," he answers sharply.
"Are you in danger?"
I ask, watching him run a hand through his hair.
"Always."
"Can you just not do it?
Whatever it is?"
"He would kill me," he says quietly.
Malfoy sits back into McGonagall's chair and cups his forehead.
I want to comfort him but I don't know how to.
"Are you scared?"
I ask, noticing how tense his shoulders are.
He drops his hands from his forehead and looks up at me with a smug expression.
"Not when I'm around you," he says.
"With you being so strong of course," he adds smugly and I push his arm.
He laughs.
I exhale some of the tension that conversation has brought, away.
"Granger come on," Malfoy comments.
"What?"
"You said you wanted to talk.
So talk.
Stop avoiding it."
"What do you mean?"
"Ask the real questions," he purposes.
"I want it to be over, Malfoy," I start.
He smirks again and stands from the chair, glowering down at me.
He leans down and presses his forehead to mine and I put my hands against the end of the desk to keep steady.
"No you don't," he says clearly.
"After seeing you lying half-dead there today I do.
I can't go into this war worrying about the day that I see you on the other side.
I could never face you," I explain.
"I can take care of myself pretty well Granger you don't have to worry about me," he says nonchalantly.
He moves his hands slowly back up to my neck and lifts my head up so we're looking at each other eye to eye.
I look deeply into his stormy grey eyes and try to imagine the pain of seeing him dead.
"I don't want this," I say but it comes out like a whisper against his face.
He smiles down at me.
His eyes moving from mine to my lips.
"Granger we both know the question and the answer.
We both know the answer so why are you even saying that?"
he asks, his lips so close to mine.
"Why me?"
I blurt out.
He half-smiles and touches his forehead against mine again.
"I love to make you angry," he chuckles and can't help but laugh a little at his response.
"You're very good at it," I say sarcastically.
"Are you going to ask the question?"
he asks, looking down at me with raised eyebrows.
I know exactly what he means but I can't bring myself to say the words.
All of sudden I want to go back to playing the game I'm not ready for this to be real.
I want to run away and pretend none of this ever happened.
Back under my mothers old blanket where I feel safe.
"No," I murmur.
"Hmm, why not?"
he says drawing circles with his nose against my cheek.
"I'm scared," I admit, unable to lie anymore.
The wall between us is completely down now and I can't make myself lie anymore.
"Do you want me to say it?"
he asks, meeting my eyes again and there's just conviction in them it makes me want to explode.
I shake my head and he laughs.
"Why did you give in to this so easily?"
I ask, instead and he smirks at my obvious aversion.
"I'm selfish Granger.
I want what I want.
Simple as," he says and this time his lips brush so close to mine I think I might actually explode.
I can practically taste him and the warmth of them is so inviting.
A tear escapes my eye and runs down my cheek.
"Don't cry," he whispers.
"Nobody said it would be easy," he explains.
"Yeah," I say swallowing the lump forming in my throat. "
But nobody said it would be this hard," I murmur back.
"Ask me the question, Granger.
I'm ready to tell you now," he says, taking my hands in his, lacing his fingers through mine.
I gulp and gather enough energy to speak.
"What did you see in my future?"
I finally ask.
He smiles.
"I didn't lie about the whole Ron thing.
I did see you die if you stay with him," he says and I nod.
Suddenly I feel embarrassed unsure if we had both been on the same page.
"But," he interjects and I hold my breath.
"I saw two futures," he starts.
I nod, beckoning him to continue.
"and you forgive me for all of this," he says with a smirk.
"When I saw it I tried to fight so hard against what I saw because I didn't want my life to be dictated by it."
"And now?"
I ask, unsure.
"Now, I want it all right this second.
Because I would gladly die for just a taste of what I saw," he admits and my pulse starts to rise.
"What did you see, Malfoy?"
I ask surer this time and he smiles in response, kissing my cheek.
"I saw us, Granger, as we are now.
But years in the future," he says finally and my heart flops.
"You already knew that?"
he asks and I nod slowly.
I had known it.
Somewhere deep inside I had known it.
A part of my subconscious had put it together but had not let it come to the front of my mind for fear that it might make me shut down if I wasn't ready for the information.
But everything from the moment he had walked into the room and I had first asked him what he saw, I just knew.
He encircles me in his arms and pulls me tight against him.
I wrap my arms around his neck.
He faces turns serious as he holds my cheek in his warm hand.
"Granger I'm sorry," he says so seriously it makes me feel as light as air.
"For everything," he adds.
"It's okay," I assure him, pushing the hair out of his face.
"This won't be easy and I can't guarantee that we'll be able to be together now.
It could be a few years after the war before there's even a possibility for us," Malfoy says and I nod.
I had known that.
I wasn't under the impression that we were suddenly going to start skipping down the hallway holding hands or anything.
"There are roles we have to play first.
You know that" he says.
"Yeah, I know."
Malfoy draws a line with his nose up my neck and kisses behind my ear.
"Granger?"
"Hmm," I mumble, unable to think straight with his mouth against my neck.
"I will try but I can't promise you'll always like me as much as you do right now.
There are things I have to do that you won't understand but maybe when we get to a different place and time I can explain them," Malfoy says against my neck.
I know this is still a serious conversation but it's so hard to focus when he's holding me like this.
"Do you understand?"
"Hmm," I mumble again against his neck.
He chuckles a little.
"Just try and remember this the next time we fight okay?"
"Okay," I murmur and it elicits another chuckle from him.
"So stubborn.
I hope our son doesn't inherit that from you," Malfoy says against my neck and I freeze.
Our son.
I grab his face in my hands and search his eyes widely but I only see conviction.
"A son?"
I ask.
He nods.
Tears stream down my face unrelenting now.
"Now," he smirks.
"Do you still not want this?"
he asks, tilting his head at me sarcastically.
I laugh wiping away the tears with the back of my hand.
Maybe in a few days or hours when we're fighting again I'll wish I would have said something different.
But how could I?
"I want this," I say and finally his lips capture mine, pushing me against the wall.
He kisses me so fiercely and passionately against the cold stone wall and all I can think of is how dangerous this whole situation has just become.
I know what I thought was hard before is about to seem like child's play compared with the challenges to come.
But I open my mouth wider and invite him in deeper.
Because we are magnets and there's no force in the world that can stop them.
