The sound of silence was deafening to his ears, slowly sending him mad, playing with his mind and minute by minute driving him a little crazier.
There wasn't even as much a tip-toed footstep past his room in twenty-four hours.
His stomach the only break in the silent monotony as it protested with hunger.
He laid on the bed, the sagging mattress unkind on his aging back, the bed creaking with even the slightest of movement.
The stained ceiling was the only thing of interest to him at the moment.
The yellowing peeling paint tainted with a smattering of black mould that assaulted the ceiling.
That couldn't be good for him to be breathing in, he thought bitterly to himself as he sat up and looked forlornly out of the filthy, cobweb-covered window, the sun dipping fast behind the horizon, soon to leave him in the pitch black again.
Another day, another day he wasn't rescued.
Another day he wasn't even an afterthought to the fucking cunts who were meant to be looking out for him.
As usual, they were all for themselves and none for all.
Typical.
He needed to devise an in-depth plan to save himself.
Of course, he had to save himself.
Not only did he have to look out for himself he had saved the hide of Harry Saint Fucking Potter on more than one occasion and look for the little prick had treated him.
Pathetic.
Fuck.
Now he had soured his mood, not that it could probably become any sourer than what it already was.
He was being held captive by a group that included a trio of three children, two of who's ineptitude baffled him even after all these years and the third, much too smart for her own good.
He was bored out of his mind, already tearing through every square inch of the room, inspecting, criticizing and consuming the artefacts that he had found.
Mentally berating the fact that Sirius Black was just as inept as his godson when he chanced upon an old assignment from Hogwarts pushed into the corner in a tattered box falling to pieces.
How to brew draught of living death.
He had snorted at that one.
The dumb shit had emphasised the use of unicorn blood and a fairy wing infusion.
The potion required neither of those and if he had actually been tasked to brew such a potion, the poor cunt who consumed it would have been dead in a heartbeat.
It was a shame it was actually a crime to force students to consume the potions they fucked up.
It would sure rid the world of the dumb and the incompetent.
The first few days that he had been locked in here were interesting but now all he had left were a few tattered and torn books to bide his time and he wasn't all that interested in reading right now.
He wanted his wand back, he wanted to be out doing things.
The only silver lining to this shit cloud was the fact that he didn't have to please an overlord who didn't give two fucks about anyone but himself.
A true sociopath in every form of the word.
He didn't have to pretend to be someone he wasn't right now when he was alone in here.
He didn't have to play two sides and hope he came out trumps above them both.
He could just switch his brain off, rest and relax.
It was kind of nice for a change.
There were no snotty nosed little crotch nuggets running around aiming to ruin his day, there were no breaking up fights between Potter and Draco fucking Malfoy.
Someday he was sure Draco went out of his way to start an argument with Potter just so he could linger around him a little longer.
If he didn't know any better, he would almost say he could have felt the palpable sexual tension between the two young boys as they verbally and sometimes magically tore shreds off one another.
Soft footfalls walking up the creaking steps roused him from his thoughts.
Bated breath waiting to see if they were coming for him.
The person doing the stepping seemed hesitant, perhaps worried by something.
The door slowly opened and in stepped just the girl he wanted.
She opened the door and shut it gently behind her, all the while precariously holding a platter in her hand that had his daily rations upon it.
"Sorry, it's a bit late, Professor Snape."
She placed the platter on the small table she had set it on the day before.
Hooded eyes watched her with deep regard as she stood, waiting.
"What are you waiting for?
A tip?
I'm sorry but due to the circumstances, I am unable to provide one," He snarled out, harshly.
She blushed.
"Sorry."
"And you don't have to call me Professor Snape, Miss Granger.
I am no longer your professor… Obviously."
"Well, then you don't have to call me Miss Granger… Obviously," She mimicked him right down to the exact snark in the obviously he had added.
"What would you rather be called then?
Know-it-all?
Harry Potters plaything?"
He questioned with the utmost sincerity in his voice.
"Hermione is fine," She said flatly.
"And I am not Harry Potters 'plaything', I am not any bodies plaything."
She took a few steps closer into the room.
"My apologies, Hermione."
Her name liked acid on his tongue.
"I was under the impression there was something going on between you and him."
He lied.
He just wanted to build a rapport with her, so any conversation was a good conversation.
"Who told you that?"
She asked defensively, her face instantly dropping.
"Nobody.
Just me making an observation from the outside."
He shrugged and pulling himself up into a sitting position, the old bed creaking with every shift of his body upon it.
"So no one has said anything about Harry and me?"
She asked nervously.
He shook his head no.
"No.
Why should they if there is nothing going on?"
He cocked an eyebrow, watching her shift from foot to foot on the spot.
Nervousness coursing through her body so heavily he could almost smell it.
"No reason."
Her features were stoic.
Her shoulders rising in a small shrug.
Silence.
Awkward silence.
"Are you cold?"
It's a bit chilly in here.
And dark."
"Great observational skills."
He hissed bitterly, almost rolling his eyes.
"Let me fix that."
She pulled her wand from her back pocket.
He watched her wand, fixated on it.
He wanted to reach for it.
He wanted to pluck it from her hand, hold it against her temple and unleash the killing curse on her and run.
That would be the easiest thing to do right now.
Not befriend a little swot he could hardly stand being around at the best of times.
He fingers twitched as his wicked mind raced at a hundred miles an hour.
He wanted to do it; he really did.
He willed himself to, he wanted to move, he wanted to lunge at her, but his body sat on the bed, stock still.
He morally couldn't do it.
Since when did he obtain a well fucking calibrated moral compass?
A few lazy flicks and swishes of her wand had the room at a decent temperature for the first time since he has been here and a few long forgotten and dusty candles sitting on a shelf had flicked to life, lighting the entire room.
"That's better."
A meek smile passed her lips.
It was the least she could do for him.
"Thank you," he said with sincerity.
Actual sincerity.
"I'm sorry.
Please don't tar me with the same brush as the others.
I don't want to hold you captive here, I want nothing to do with it.
Everyone has gone and left me here for a few days… I wasn't going to just go and leave you here.
Kreacher is about a useful as a waterproof teabag so I couldn't leave it up to him to ensure you were ok. Harry and the order wouldn't let you go."
She bit her bottom lip hard.
"I don't need a keeper, Hermione.
While your actions are admirable, don't feel you have to hang around for me.
The world will still keep spinning whether I am but a rotting corpse in here."
She looked horrified.
"I couldn't do that.
Not to you, not to anyone."
"Voldemort?"
He questioned.
She thought for a moment with deep regard.
"Perhaps we all have our limits.
I could easily walk away and leave him locked up here to die."
"You are only human."
She nodded gently.
"I best be off. "
"Thank you, Hermione."
He nodded curtly as she left the room.
Getting on a first name basis so she thought of him as more than a murderous heathen; complete.
The rest would come easier now.
"To what do I owe the pleasure of your premature visit on the otherwise miserable and uninteresting day?
The day is young and my rations aren't due to be served for another eight hours or so," He drawled smoothly from the bad, ankles crossed over lazily, staring at the mouldy ceiling, a pastime of his now that he had to endure day in and day out being held captive in this cesspool masqueraded as the noble house of black.
It was about a noble as his ass.
"If you don't want the company…" Hermione made a grab for the door handle to leave.
"Bored, are we?"
He asked with an upward inflection in a hope to change her mind without actually suggesting it.
He may be bored but he wasn't going to beg for the displeasure of her company.
"Just a little.
Sitting down there staring at the same four walls all alone with nothing but a ticking clock and muttering house elf is enough to push anyone off the edge of sanity."
She walked across the room towards the bed and sat down on the edge.
The ancient bed groaned loudly under the added weight.
"You should try sitting up here without as much as a ticking clock or the mutter of house elf," he countered.
"After the first week, the days tend to blur into one another and before you know it, you have almost forgotten what month you are in."
"You win," She deduced lazily, perching precariously on the edge of the bed, a mixture of not wanting to intrude into his personal space and a feeling of uneasiness stopping her from getting comfortable.
Harry had sternly warned her not to talk to him under any circumstances, leave his food and leave the room without even as much as a backward glance.
But what Harry didn't know, wouldn't hurt, right?
"It's ok, I won't tell Harry."
He smirked evilly; his eyes boring into her flash as if he were trying to murder her with just a look.
"Get out of my head!"
She protested with a small stomp as her foot, punctuating her displeasure.
"I can't."
He sniffed indignantly.
"You are like an open book, there are thoughts just flying out for anyone to pick up on."
"Or maybe you are just trying extra hard to read my thoughts."
Arms folded tight across her chest, she tried with all her might to block him out.
"You realise that is literally doing nothing, yeah?
You are an absolute rubbish Occlumens, you know that, right?"
Her eyes narrowed, and face contorted into pure disgust and disbelief.
"I am not!"
"You are."
He waved a hand casually, dismissing her.
"So, so bad.
I think Potter achieved better results in this field than you have."
"Are you think you are so good?"
She huffed, a pout creeping onto her lips.
"Well as a matter of fact, yeah, I am quite good at it, thanks.
And Legilimency, oh and not to toot my own horn but I am probably the best potions master in Britain and surrounds."
She turned her body to look at him in the eyes.
Dark, calculating eyes meeting soft, chocolate ones.
"You are so conceited, Severus Snape and may I remind you about a certain Horace Slughorn."
He let out a bark of laughter.
"He is good, yes, but great?
Not so much.
I could out potion him any day."
"Out potion?
Is that even a thing?
I could best him at potions, I could rival him at potions, but I don't think out potioning someone is a thing."
"It is now."
"Really?
And why is that?"
"Because I said so.
And again, shut your mind.
I can see the very vivid visions of your pale, slender hands wrapping around my throat and strangling me to death.
Something we could only both dream of."
"It's nice to have fantasies."
"Indeed."
He smirked, quirking a brow at the young witch which now left he thinking even further, her mind racing as she tried to make sense of what his cryptic message meant.
He couldn't help but smirk, she looked terribly uncomfortable in this situation and she wasn't anything like the wretches that were keeping him here against his will.
She was different, she had a certain sweet innocent's about her that he liked.
An innocent's that opened her up to all kinds of deprivation and depravity.
He wouldn't mind betting that under that sweet, innocent exterior Hermione Granger had a darker witch beneath that was just fighting to come out.
A dark witch that he could easily sway.
He also noticed in the close proximity that she smelled of rosewater and lavender with a delicate undertone of peppermint and he thought it suited her.
He shook his head; he was that bored he was sampling the delicate scent of a young woman he disliked profusely.
A silence consumed them.
It wasn't an awkward silence it was just a silence where two people sat with the company of another person so as to not feel totally isolated and desolate.
The bed creaked and groaned as he shifted around her and sat beside her on the bed, a decent space between them he noted her wand sitting lazily in her back pocket before turning his head to the window, to look out and see the same sky he had been staring at for weeks in a hope someone, anyone would come for him.
"Would you like me to teach you how to close your mind, Hermione?"
He eventually spoke, rousing her from her thoughts.
"Why would you want to help me?"
"I am bored.
I have nothing better to do.
It irks me that your thoughts are just like the floodgates to your mind have been opened.
You never know when you might need to close your mind off."
"Give me one situation, because I literally cannot think of one.
There aren't many legilimens out there so I needn't worry about it."
"Ok. Picture this."
He got to his feet and began pacing along the threadbare carpet.
"Voldemort has just captured you, he wants Potter.
He's going to dive right into your thoughts and pull up the location."
"Nobody can block Voldemort out."
She waved a hand.
He chose not to say anything, instead, the large pregnant pause between them gave her enough of a push to conclude it herself.
"You can, can't you?"
Her voice a ghostly whisper, wide-eyed she looked at him in disbelief.
"There are a lot of things that you, and many others don't know about me.
I have many hidden talents, master of many of them, only slight good at others."
He sat back down beside her, the bed creaking unsteadily under the added weight.
"And murdering is obviously one of those you are a master of."
She eyed him off sideways, watching as he shifted uncomfortably on the spot.
His mind ticked over slowly as he tried to form the right words in his head.
"Sometimes, Hermione, you will be faced with roadblocks in your life and-" "So Dumbledore was little more than an inconvenient roadblock in your quest to appease Voldemort?"
"There is more than meets the eye in most situations and there are three sides to every story Hermione and the sooner you realise this, the better.
Not everything is a clear cut and has one solution or answer.
One plus four equals five but so does three plus two."
"So you did kill Dumbledore?"
She asked raising a brow.
Now more confused than she had been before.
"I did, I will own that.
I will admit that.
I did kill him there is no denying that.
But it was done for a reason, for the greater good.
To protect other parties.
I am not a murderous heathen with an insatiable blood lust that I can't quench.
When I kill, I kill for a reason.
I don't kill for the thrill of it."
"So you killed Dumbledore, but it was for the good of others?"
She asked, confused still.
She tried in vain to wrap her head around the situation, but she couldn't work it out.
He sighed, bored.
"Yes.
I killed him to save another from the atrocities of murder.
I took an unbreakable vow and I had to hold up my end of the bargain."
He rubbed flat pals over his eyes wearily.
Hermione Granger was hard work.
"And Harry doesn't believe you."
"Precisely.
Which is why I am here under lock and key and you decided to stay behind because deep down under the surface, hidden away, you care.
The martyr always trying to see the good in other people and making the world a better place.
But not everyone is worthy of redemption nor will the world ever be the happy cornucopia of love and happiness that you wish it to be, Hermione."
His words pressed heavy upon her.
Surely everyone was worthy of redemption?
Well… Most people anyway.
Was he?
Yes.
She thought so.
"Everyone deserves redemption, Severus.
Everyone deserves a little happiness in their lives, no matter how small."
"Not everyone.
Not everyone is worthy of even the tiniest ray of happiness.
Take Voldemort for example.
Is he worthy of happiness?
Is he worthy of redemption?
I know you can't answer yes to that."
"Are you worthy of redemption?"
She countered him.
Standing she began to pace the length of the room backwards and forwards as she waited for a reply.
"I don't know.
Am I?"
"I think you are.
Yes."
"Well, you are either very, very brave or very, very stupid.
I am one of the last people on this earth that deserve it.
She smiled weakly at him.
"I think you are wrong, Severus Snape.
I think you are worthy of redemption.
Now, you said something about Occlumency lessons?"
How could she turn down free lessons in a useful art?!
She would be stupid not to take him up on the offer.
If only he knew of his plans, he thought slyly to himself.
She wouldn't think he was more than a wretch worthy of the killing curse, but until such a time arrived, he would milk this situation for all it was worth.
A/N: Let me know what you all think?
I hope you are liking it thus far.
Sorry for the lack of updates, I am trying to share the love equally between all the stories I currently have in progress.
-Aliasmel1"Severus?"
Hermione asked tentatively as she pushed open the door to the room he was held hostage in and closing it quickly behind her.
Harry and Ron were due back any day now, and the last thing he needed was to be caught up here fraternizing with the proverbial enemy.
Of course, she knew he wasn't really an enemy, more a victim of circumstance beyond control but nobody else saw it that way.
"Yes?"
He snapped a little harder than he had intended.
He was going stark raving mad in these four walls day in and day out.
Never a reprieve.
It didn't take long before the walls started to cave in on one and crushed their spirit exponentially.
"Ron and Harry will be back any day now I suspect so I'm not sure how often I can come to keep you company."
She watched him intently as he lay on the aged bed staring helplessly at the mouldy ceiling above.
A derisive snort filled the air quickly.
"I can't wait for that.
Two of my favourite people in the universe."
"Are you being sarcastic?"
Head cocked to the side a tangle of brown curls covered her white face.
The only answer he gave her was a pointed, blank stare and she realised right then how inept her question had been.
Of course, he hated them.
Loathed them, actually and probably wished a terrible death upon them she was sure.
"To what do I owe the displeasure of your company today?"
Upper lip curled back to sneer just a touch.
Force of habit.
"My Occlumency lesson, of course," She said a little too perkily for someone who had to endure his company voluntarily or others.
A haughty sigh passed his thin lips.
Legs swung over the edge of the bed.
Hermione noticed his appearance was starting to be worse for wear.
Bloodshot eyes, bags under his eyes and stubble adorned his face.
Robes were starting to become tatty looking and she couldn't help but feel a pang of guilt.
"Fine.
But only because I like you."
He motioned for her to come to sit before him on the floor.
With the enthusiasm she showed at Hogwarts during a lesson, she showed here.
Sitting cross-legged before him she rested her hands primly in her lap and sat up straight.
He wanted to roll his eyes at the sight before him.
"You like me?"
She smiled sweetly, eyelashes battering unintentionally at him.
"I like you better than Potter and Weasel, anyway."
Thin shoulders shrugged high.
"Although there are other people further up my list than you so I don't really see it as a compliment considering I hate those two dunderheads with the ferocity of a million suns."
"I'll take that as a compliment… I think.
Maybe."
A quizzical look plastered on her face as she battled in her head whether it truly was a compliment or if he was being the sarcastic asshole she had come to know and admire.
"I probably wouldn't."
He sneered harshly again at her.
"It wouldn't hold much merit.
Are you ready?
Good," his voice monotone and bored.
She was unsure if he was annoyed with her impromptu visit requesting the lessons he had offered or if he had been so worn down that small cracks in his otherwise stoic demeanour were starting to appear.
"I'm ready.
I think."
Teeth gnawing harshly at her bottom lip in worry.
Pushing her curls over her shoulder, frizzy from being brushed and almost unmanageable today.
"I'm going to really push in.
I can read your thoughts without any intrusion but this time, I will be pushing into your mind and you are to push back with as much force as you can.
Extract me from your mind and build barriers.
You don't want me to see your deepest, darkest secrets so keep me from those, protect them with every fibre of your being.
It will be tiresome, and you will be mentally and physically exhausted after this."
A small nod of her head was enough for him to begin.
Holding her gaze with his own her had never realised how deep and warm her eyes were.
He never had a reason to stare into them.
He mentally scolded himself for letting his mind get off track.
She noticed his eyes were despondent and cold.
An uneasiness swam in the depths and she couldn't put her finger on if it is perhaps he had a worry in them mingling with villainous intent.
Gasping loudly her head hurt, feeling as if she had been cracked over the head with a steel bar.
At least she knew she had never had anyone in her mind because if it felt like this, she would have known.
She felt an uneasiness sweep over her and could feel his presence weighing heavily upon her as he started scratching the surface of her memories.
At first, they were trivial and boring, fights with Harry and Ron or times she cried herself to sleep at night over their childish antics.
She shuddered slightly as he pushed further.
She didn't like this one bit.
He navigated the twists and turns of her mind stopping at something that piqued his interest.
The time she sent her parents away.
A lump formed in her throat heavily as she relived the sordid memories of months gone by.
She tried to push him from her thoughts.
She pushed and she pushed, and it hardly felt like she had budged him an inch.
She tried again and again as he began peeling back even more layers and delving deeper.
She didn't want him to see anymore.
She didn't want him to see her deepest desires and her twisted fantasies some of which may or may not have involved him at one time or another.
Stupid schoolgirl crushes held little merit in her eyes.
"Push harder!"
He bit at her gnashing his teeth in pain and frustration.
This hurt him almost as much as it was hurting her.
It was hard work pushing this far into someone's mind when they were fighting you the entire time.
"I can't!"
She bit through gritted teeth, her heading feeling as if it may split open at anytime a piercing headache forming just above the temple of her left eye.
He pulled back.
She felt him leave faster than he had entered, and she breathed a contented sigh of relief.
Her mouth was dry and her whole body shook, on hands and knees she panted hard looking up at him with condemnation.
A smirk gently played on his lips as wickedness sat in his eyes.
"It's been a while since I've had a woman panting before me on all fours giving me a look like that."
"You are disgusting," She managed to choke out, slowly and gently clambering to her feet and dropping beside him on the bed, her whole body shaking and spent.
"It's not as easy as you imagined, is it, Hermione?"
An air of smugness cloaked him and shrouded her, almost mocking her harshly.
She hated the smugness that surrounded him at this moment, and she hated being wrong.
She wanted to master this on the first go as she did with many things she turned her hand to with little to no real effort on her behalf.
But this, this she wasn't a natural at and she hated it.
"No."
She pouted, crossing her arms tightly across her chest in the ultimate show of petulance.
She hated not excelling at something she had set her mind to.
"You are just oozing petulance, right now."
His eyes rolled backward.
"You can't be good at everything the first time you try it, you know that, yeah?
Occlumency is a task that takes many months and years to master.
It isn't something that you can learn in one sitting, Hermione."
"But I want to."
Her petulance continued to emanate around the room tenfold.
"You can't be the stereotypical cookie-cutter genius that you seem to see yourself as all the time, Hermione.
You aren't perfect, nobody is and you can't expect to be at everything you try your hand at," He said matter of factly, stretching his legs out in front of him.
"I'm so tired after that, I'll just rest here for a moment."
She leant sideways, resting her head on his pillow, eyelids heavy with the need for sleep.
"No.
Not here you don't."
She groggily waved a hand and he knew it would be too late to evict her from his space.
Fuck.
"I'll just rest here a few minutes," She managed to groggily mumble before her breathing turned shallow and soft with every rise and fall of her chest.
Well.
That was rude.
He thought to himself.
Now.
Should he search her for her wand and run or stay put.
He tapped his bottom lip in deep thought for a few moments.
No, he would stay.
He wanted to see how long it would be before she was escorting him out of the house and trotting along behind him like an obedient puppy that wanted nothing more than to please its master while she stared at him with carnal fascination.
Oh yes, this was going to be fun.
A/N: I am having so much fun writing this story.
I love an evil Snape, he is so diverse that you can go for the redemption avenue and have him fall in love and live happily ever after, or you can have him be a total cunt who doesn't care who he offends with a maleficent intent.
He's diverse like that.
I had someone ask if it was going to be a happily ever after and I honestly don't think it will be.
So if that bothers you, you won't be too invested in this story to turn back now.
-Aliasmel1Well.
This was incredibly awkward and completely unorthodox.
The young girl, barely an adult had just made herself at home on the shit-heap of a bed he was so generously bestowed with and currently claimed it as her own.
The little swot was so drained from their lesson, she couldn't even make it out of the room before falling asleep and snoring, might he add.
If only Potter could see her now, the wise beyond years Hermione Granger, the little know it all cow asleep peacefully on the bed of such a dangerous murderer, strong enough to kill Albus Dumbledore and here she was wand placed loosely in her pocket for the taking.
Tsk tsk.
Tragic.
He paced the room, well, the three steps he could stride with his long, lanky legs before having to turn and stride the opposite direction and repeat over and over again.
Probably for eternity, he thought.
Who did she think she was snoring right there in front of him.
The hide of some people honestly.
He rolled his eyes almost to the back of his skull.
He could run, hell he could take her wand and slit her throat if he really had it in him.
He did, but he didn't want to.
She was not like them, she was…different.
A kind and a caring glimmer of hope shone through her and he liked that about her.
However, if he could get his hands on Potter, that was a whole different kettle of Nifflers.
He stopped dead in his tracks, almost skidding on the slippery, worn carpet as he tilted his head a little.
He was certain he had heard a door slam shut on the floor below them.
Stuck to the spot he held his breath, straining to hear.
He was certain there were a few sets of feet slapping loudly against worn wooden floors from the floor below accompanied by muffled, male voices.
It had to be Potter and Weasley, he deduced, turning on his heel he loomed over Granger.
"Granger," he snarled in a mild panic.
If they came up here and saw her asleep, they would assume the worse and all the groundwork he had laid would all be gone by the wayside.
"Granger!"
He hissed again.
She didn't respond.
For fuck sake.
Not only did she snore but it was apparent she was a heavy sleeper too.
"Hermione!"
He raised his voice a few more octaves, placing a hand on her shoulder he shook her with vigour.
Her eyes fluttered open to stare at him blankly as if in a moment of panic, she didn't know where she was or what he was doing here.
Slowly she sat up blinking once, twice, thrice at him as her memory began to work again.
He could hear the voices growing a little louder, footfalls heavier and he knew they were on their way up.
He knew the way they walked; he knew how heavy their steps were on the hardwood floors.
He knew it was Potter and Weasley walking together.
He had heard their footsteps more times than he had cared when they came to collect him for their little torture sessions.
It was funny, they always thought they were close to breaking him but they were so far from succeeding it was laughable.
It would take more than those two and a few members of the order to beat him into submission.
Hell, even the Veritaserum was of literally no use when the forced it down his throat.
He was immune to that as well.
"What?"
She asked.
Lazily rubbing her chocolate eyes.
She didn't even feel refreshed.
Her mouth dry and mind still hazy she got to her feet.
"Potter and Weasley are back and they will be coming to look for you.
I assumed you might want to leave before they come looking."
Lips curling back into a sneer.
"Right.
Yes.
Thank you."
Hands smoothed over her clothes meticulously before running an open palm over her tangle of frizzed curls as if thinking something so minute would tame such a wild beast.
It did literally nothing other than sending them even more awry.
She strode across the room with purpose, hand outstretched she grabbed the cold brass knob and stopped for a moment turning to look at him.
"Thank you," she said simply before exiting quickly.
"You're welcome," he muttered to a now-closed door.
o-o-o-o-o-o-o "Where have you been?"
Ron admonished as she met the two boys heading up the stairs.
"Checking on Se-" she stopped herself.
The last thing she needed was not only telling them she was up there with him but to go calling him by his first name in front of the two of them and have their suspicions grow.
"Checking on several issues around the place.
You know, broken floorboards, things Kreacher has been neglecting."
Wow.
Great and believable save, Hermione.
She mentally scolded herself.
Harry looked at her with a hint of disbelief buried in the depths of his eyes and a raised brow.
Since when did home maintenance issues pique Hermione's interest.
Just as he was about to say something, she spoke again.
"I was bored, Harry.
I was finding things to do.
When I am bored, I make lists in my mind to stop me from going mental."
Arms folded tightly across her chest, nostrils lightly flaring as if daring him to question her further.
He didn't.
But he didn't believe her, either.
"How's the double-crossing piece of shit murderer going.
Probably enjoying his downtime," Harry said matter of factly completely changing the subject.
She shrugged with false innocence.
"I've no idea.
Haven't breathed a word to him I've fed him and left him be."
"Good," Ron snarled a little too harshly for the answer she gave.
"He would murder you twice before you even realised," he added.
"Literally he could not murder anyone twice, Ronald.
You can only die once.
I know that might be hard for some people to comprehend," She huffed with a roll of her chocolate eyes.
"You know what I mean," he said pointedly.
"Figure of speech.
He's dangerous."
About as dangerous as a Niffler, she thought to herself, amused.
If only they had known the time she had spent with him, they would have kittens or Nifflers…Maybe even baby dragons.
"Actually.
We should get him out now.
For a bit of fun.
He hasn't spilled a word to us that we want to know, and I reckon we are close to cracking him."
Harry pushed passed Hermione on the stairs on his way to get Severus.
She wanted to laugh.
They were no closer now to getting him to crack than they were in the beginning.
He was a lot stronger mentally and emotionally than they even realised, and he was so far from breaking.
They may as well be trying to knock down a brick wall with a feather… They would have about the same outcome.
"Harry!"
Hermione warned sternly, anger glittering in the depths of her eyes, lips pursed.
"Yes?"
He turned back to look at her, almost skidding down the step catching the banister just at the right moment to ensure he didn't end up falling.
"This is barbaric, you know, yeah?
I want nothing to do with this.
It's inhuman not to mention illegal."
She punctuated her disdain with a stomp of her foot.
"Yeah well I don't care, Hermione," his voice rose as he spoke.
"Killing people is illegal as well."
"True.
But you can't play the martyr, Harry.
You cannot go around playing the vigilante and bring justice to those that you feel need it.
There are avenues for that.
People to deal with those things."
She was mad now.
Seething mad.
"I'm doing this for justice for Dumbledore.
I am not seeking justice for myself, Hermione," he was almost screaming at her now, shaking with anger.
"Honestly what is it with you and Dumbledore?
Dumbledore this, Dumbledore that.
Dumbledore said this or made me do that."
She threw her hands high in the air in utter frustration.
"He was a great man Hermione."
Harry's eyes darkened dangerously as he shot daggers at her.
"I agree with you, Mate."
Ron slapped Harry jovially on the shoulder.
She rolled her eyes in anger and frustration.
She hated them both with the ferocity of a million burning suns right now.
How dare they.
"Well.
When you both get thrown into Azkaban for a plethora of broken laws, I will not be there trying to bail you out!"
She turned on her heel, stomping all the way down the stairs as loudly as she could to express her current anger.
o-o-o-o-o-o "I must say, Potter.
I have missed you."
He sneered viciously as he sat in the kitchen bound to an old wooden chair.
Harry and Ron both holding their wands to his temple, Hermione standing with her back against the wall, head held in her hands.
She hated this.
"Crucio!"
Harry almost yelled with glee.
Watching as Snape's body writhed lightly in the chair and stopped.
He emerged laughing.
"Are you torturing me, or giving me a full body massage?
Because that is what it feels like.
Your heart needs to be in it, Potter.
You don't have it in you."
He smiled evilly.
"Stop it now, Harry!"
Hermione admonished.
Chest heaving and sticky tears stained her cheeks.
"This isn't what normal people do.
You aren't evil or a cruel person, and this isn't you!"
"He killed Dumbledore and he will pay."
"Why don't you just marry Dumbledore, Harry?
You are obsessed with the man."
Harry ignored her smart remark.
"You're good at spells, Hermione.
You come Crucio him."
"I will do no such thing!"
She shrieked loudly, almost bursting their eardrums.
Severus Snape had been nothing but nice to her since they had taken his hostage and she refused to partake in the torture of the man.
Now or ever.
"Whatever," Harry muttered coldly, narrowing his eyes at the girl.
"Just give up, Potter.
You are as useless as your pathetic father.
Quit while you are ahead because sooner or later it will all backfire on you and you will be begging me for mercy."
Harry's nostrils flared as he looked at the man with deep, eerie regard.
Hands shaking and knuckles white from holding his wand so hard he acted before he fully thought of the consequences, as usual.
"Sectemsempra!
Harry screamed, making a slashing motion with his wand.
A blood-curdling scream came from Snape as he writhed in the chair for a few moments before falling silent.
Blood trickling from two deeps cuts, one on his abdomen and the deepest one on his right thigh.
The crimson liquid flowed like a waterfall coming to fall like soft raindrops onto the wooden floor below.
Harry was white.
Ron paled considerably, his bright hair even brighter against his now stark skin.
Snape was whiter than a sheet and Hermione could only stand there, mouth agape as she processed what had happened.
"Fix this.
Please, Hermione.
Fix this," He pleaded with the girl desperately, walking around in circles as if wishing the floor would swallow him up and whisk him away from the mess he had created.
"I can't just fix it, Harry.
I can patch it up but I don't think I can fully heal it.
Just go before you both faint and I have three or you to look after," She ordered.
Severus looked at her with regard in his eyes.
A hope that she could take the pain away and patch him up.
He hated Harry and he hated him even more for using a spell he knew was not only dangerous but had the possibility to kill.
They had stepped over the threshold of mild torture to get what they wanted to almost attempted murder.
She pulled her small, beaded bag from her pocket and expanded it to the normal size and reached her hand in pulling out bandages, gauze and salves.
Unfortunately, no spell she knew was going to stop the blood flow or take the pain away.
She grabbed a kitchen knife and cut the binds that were holding him to the chair and laid it on the ground beside her.
Pressing gauze to the wound on his stomach the white material was soaked in seconds and it was evident that it wasn't going to be cut out for anything.
Not something of this magnitude anyway.
She darted back to the kitchen bench and found a stack of tea towels.
Racing back to him she pressed them to his abdomen hard, and she noticed him wince considerably.
"I'm sorry," She mumbled.
Grabbing his own hand, she pressed it against his stomach to hold the tea towels that were quickly becoming soaked with his own blood.
She pressed a few to the cut on his thigh and held it firmly.
"You don't have to be sorry.
You are just cleaning up the mess of an inept moron," He managed to bite out between tightly clenched teeth.
"Yeah, well.
He wasn't totally blessed with the ability to think before he does."
Severus snorted loudly and then winced from the pain.
"You are only observing this trait of his now?"
"Oh no, I've always known since the first day I met him.
He isn't totally stupid he can be pretty smart but yeah, his downfall is not thinking before he acts and then he gets shitty when things don't go his way and he takes it out on everyone around him."
She pressed harder on his leg causing him to wince and yelp in pain.
The tea towels were now soaked through and her hands were now marred with the crimson blood of her professor as she tried in vain to help him, to stop the bleeding and it hadn't even slowed let alone stopped.
She was worried now.
"It probably won't stop, Hermione.
It needs the counter-curse that only I know but I cannot perform without a wand."
She sighed deeply looking to the blood-soaked towels and then back to his cold and clammy skin, any remnant of colour that once graced his cheeks had all but vanished and he began to shake as if he were freezing cold.
If something didn't give soon, he would be dead.
Chocolate eyes closing and a long, deep exhale told him she had made up her mind.
Swiping at her pocket vigoursly she grabbed her wand in her now crimson hands and shakily handed it to him.
She figured he was going to kill her by now, he would have done so.
"Harry has yours under lock and key and I won't have time to retrieve it, you will have to try to use mine."
Shaky long fingers gently took the wand from her as he adjusted himself on the chair, trying to pull himself up.
Her wand felt completely foreign to him and he could feel it already trying to fight the dark magic that he had coursing through his veins but he was certain the wand would cooperate long enough to get what he needed doing.
Tracing the end of her wand again the cut on his thigh he screamed as it began to seal up, the bright, white light almost seemed to cauterize the wound, leaving a bloodied scratch behind.
He repeated the process for his abdomen, and she watched on in astonishment, mouth agape at the way he not only handled a foreign wand but managed to heal himself wordlessly and whilst nearing passing out from pain and blood loss.
He paused for a minute, black eyes watching her intently as her wand hung loosely in his fingers.
She was different from the other Troglodytes that held him here.
She was sweet and smart with an innocence that shrouded her.
She reminded him of… He pushed that thought to the very back of his mind to be forgotten again, hopefully.
Hermione Granger had just selflessly handed him her wand and left herself completely defenceless and at his behest.
Interesting.
His hand twitched softly before he thrust her wand back at her and she took it gratefully.
She ran a single-digit across the shallow cut on his leg and he winced gently.
The pain was almost gone, but the cut sensitive to touch, or maybe he was just extra sensitive to her touch.
She had always regarded Snape as a figure of authority, and she supposed that had not changed even now but she hated seeing him so vulnerable and held against his behest.
She still trusted him, of course, she did.
Yes, he killed Dumbledore but there had to be a reason for that, one that he had not yet told her and one that perhaps she would never know.
She didn't like the way Harry was treating the man no matter if he murdered or not.
Basic human rights were violated, and he could have died due to Harry's ineptitude that knew no bounds.
Hermione was utterly pissed with Harry right now.
Annoyed with Ron for constantly siding with him, sick of herself for being a doormat and allowing this and upset for Severus who had no choice in any of this.
A/N: Hey everyone!
I hope you like this chapter.
There is just the slightest shift between the two of them at the end of this chapter.
I am slowly but surely going to steer them in the right direction towards friendship and beyond.
I hope you liked reading as much as I liked writing it.
-Aliasmel1"Thank you, Hermione, for cleaning up the mess I created," She huffed as she barged her way into the room Harry and Ron were sitting in, talking animatedly.
She had patched Severus up the best she could, cleaning the blood from the wounds and bandaging the wounds that were left behind.
He had insisted they were but a scratch but it was the least she could do and then she had taken him back to his room with some blood replenisher potion and some food to steady his sugar levels and ensure he didn't pass out and die.
She had left him with the promise she would come check on him again soon to ensure he was still breathing.
"Is he alive?"
Harry asked with a sombre tone in his voice but the look dancing in his eyes told Hermione that his true feelings didn't back that up and he probably really didn't care if Snape lived or died.
After all, he had made it known on more than one occasion how deep his hatred for the elder wizard ran.
It ran deep inside of him, almost consuming him as it ran through his veins like an insidious disease he couldn't control.
She was sure that he wanted to hate Snape, she knew it, she could see it in his eyes and etched into every line of his face.
Even if Snape had been totally innocent Harry would still loathe him with every inch of his being.
"Yes.
No thanks to you."
A roll of her eyes told Harry that perhaps she was just a tiny bit pissed off with him.
"I admit maybe I shouldn't have done that… Flew off the handle a little bit but I was angry, Hermione.
He insulted me.
I.
Well.
I have an unusual amount of anger and hostility in me lately and I just can't explain it."
A shaky hand carded through raven hair, getting lost in the long tresses and emerged seconds later to fall by his side.
"He's insulted me plenty of times too, but I haven't gone and tried to kill the man.
Do you realise if he had have died you would have been up for murder, Harry?
It's bad enough you have him here against his free will but if he had have died that would have been the end for you.
When this is all over when it's all said and done you would have been trialled for murder and there would have been nothing I or anyone else could have done.
I think it's about time you think about letting him go.
You aren't any closer to getting him to talk."
She clenched her teeth together so tightly, they slipped and ground audibly.
"I can't just let him go, Hermione," His voice shaky and wavering.
"He knows too much.
He knows where the order resides, he will get revenge on us for what we have done."
She snorted derisively.
Maybe he would come after some of them, but not her.
He had proved that quite a few times now.
"Speak for yourself, Harry.
I am certain I am fairly safe, you on the other hand…" She trailed off shooting him a look of mock pity from where she stood.
Her tolerance for him was growing lower by the day.
"What?
The amazing Hermione Granger is exempt from feeling his wrath.
You are just as guilty in this as Ron and I."
Arms folded tightly across his chest as he peered at her almost over the top of his glasses daring her to question him.
"Unlike you two."
She pointed to the two boys one after the other, "I have shown him nothing but kindness.
You know like how a human being should be treated.
I've said from the get-go that I wanted nothing to do with your stupid idea and I haven't.
I have merely cleaned up the mess that you were too stupid to clean up yourself."
Her words were heavy and angry.
She was seething right now and wanted to lash out at him, she wanted to hurt him and make him feel some of the hurt he was causing her to feel right now.
She was slowly starting to resent her best friend because of the stupid choices he had made in life and had now dragged her into.
She felt little more than the clean-up crew to all of his wayward plans.
"So I'm stupid now, am I?"
He pulled himself to full height, towering over the girl who was much shorter in stature than he was.
She felt minuscule now next to him, intimidated beyond measure.
Harry had never laid a hand on her before but the anger he was feeling was palpable and hung thick in the air.
"Some things you do are so ridiculous Harry," She admitted.
Her eyes bore into the floor beneath her, lip quivering heavily threatening to spill tears along with it.
"Just tell me how you really feel then, Hermione," he pressed, accusation heavy in his tone.
Taking a deep breath to steady herself emotionally and she looked up at him.
Caramel eyes had sadness within them, and he could tell she was so close to bursting out in tears it wasn't funny.
Her eyes were red, and the tears glittered in them, but they hadn't fallen, not yet.
But if she had something to say, he wanted to know now before he wasted any more time including her in any of this.
If she wasn't here for him, no matter how crazy or stupid things seemed then he didn't want her coming along at all now or ever.
"Ok, fine."
Throwing her hands up in the air she prepared herself for the colossal tirade she was about to unleash.
If he wanted to know, he was going to know.
"I think this whole thing, is stupid.
This whole Horcrux thing.
The way you treated and still do treat Dumbledore as if he were a god amongst men when he was little more than a manipulative asshole who played a teenage boy better than a finely tuned piano.
He used you more often than not for his own ill-gotten gains.
You seem to think he was, in fact, a hero.
Someone to look up to, perhaps.
But it wasn't all that long ago he was treading down the path of darkness following Grindelwald like a lost puppy towards the darkness.
He wasn't perfect, far from it actually."
She took in a much-needed breath.
She could feel the tension growing to a surmountable level within the room and Ron physically grabbed onto Harry's arm to try to diffuse the situation before anything could happen.
She watched as Harry tried to process what she had said.
His mouth opened and closed a few times, his eyebrows raised once or twice, a finger extended out to point at her before he retracted it lightning fast.
"Dumbledore was a great man," He protested but was stopped when she scoffed.
"Dumbledore was great, you have that right.
Great at manipulating every single person he could.
Playing the maleficent puppet master to get what he wanted, when he wanted.
He was no hero.
He was no gentleman.
He was just a man with an agenda who played everyone around him, so you all fell into his perfectly laid trap.
And if you can't accept that, well I am sorry Harry, but I think we better part ways."
"Hermione," Ron warned sternly as if she were in the wrong here.
But she wasn't, she was telling nothing but the truth and if they didn't like it, well do be it.
Why should she lie and walk around on eggshells just to appease the amazing Harry Potter?
She rolled her eyes at her own thoughts.
It was sickening.
"No, Ronald.
Don't Hermione me.
I have something to say and I will say it.
I will not be silenced and chastised into the cookie-cutter friend that you think I should be.
We are all our own person and we can think and feel what we want.
I don't care if you worship the ground Dumbledore walked on and hold a grave-side vigil.
Whatever, that is up to you, but I don't see him for that great man that you both do."
She huffed and tossed her wild mane of curls over her shoulder; they became frizzier as she got angrier and riled herself up.
"Ok. Well if that is what you think, Hermione.
Just leave," Harry offered coolly, lips pursued and eyes narrowed in a show of utmost anger.
"No.
How about you leave on one of your little trips that the wise and amazing Dumbledore would have wanted and I will stay here and make sure Snape doesn't die so you don't end up with murder tacked onto your record along with kidnapping, holding someone against their free will and oh, torture."
"We were going to go for a few days anyway and quite frankly, I don't want you coming along now," he huffed as they played their pettiness tit-for-tat.
"Good.
I wouldn't have wanted to come anyway.
I'm much safer here alone where I don't have you to make stupid life decisions and put my life as I know it in danger."
"Oh yeah.
Cause being left alone in a house with a mastermind murderer is really so much better than having us two for protection."
Lip curling back, he snarled low in his throat angrily at her.
"No.
Pretty sure I am safer here.
At least if something goes wrong, I have someone with a brain to get me out of a bad situation."
"Fine!"
Harry bellow angrily.
"Fine!"
Hermione reiterated back in the same tone.
She shook violently from the pure white-hot anger that was coursing through her veins and it took every ounce of power within her not to pull her wand out and hex him from here to last week.
And with that she turned and stormed out, stomping every step of the way out of the room and up the stairs to Severus where she burst into the room he was held in and slammed the door behind her.
"Back so soon?"
He propped himself up gingerly in the bed as pain radiated across his abdomen and down his thigh almost making him lightheaded and wanting to vomit.
He might be healed to a degree but then the pain that lingered during the aftermath was never pleasant and may last for weeks.
Well, at least he wasn't going to die anytime soon.
Every cloud did have a silver lining he thought sarcastically to himself.
"Yes," her voice filled with bitterness and anger as she flopped down on the bed beside him sending the springs recoiling beneath her and almost upending him out of the other side of the bed.
"Do tell."
Yes, that was it.
Build a rapport with her, make her feel as if she could confide in him.
If she confided in him her trust would grow exponentially and eventually, he would have her exactly where he wanted.
Fuck, she would be trotting after him hanging off his every word while she looked at him with intent carnal fascination.
She relayed the entire story to him in detail.
He really didn't care one iota, but it was interesting none the less and broke up some of the otherwise monotonous days that blurred into one another, day after day, minute after minute and hour after hour all blurred into the murky mess of time that ticked by.
He listened and he nodded, and he agreed.
Tapping his bottom lip as if in deep thought he finally spoke once she had spoken.
"Well.
You are right about Dumbledore.
He was a master manipulator."
She got that much right and he realised she was smarter than he had given her credit for.
The fact she could see through the rock-solid front Dumbledore had thrown up spoke volumes about her intelligence and character.
"So, why did you kill him?"
She pressed gently, tilting her head slightly to the side in interest and wonder.
Hopefully, he told her.
Maybe he would but she doubted it.
Rubbing open palms over weary eyes he sighed, resigned to the fact that he may as well tell her sooner rather than later.
"Draco Malfoy was supposed to kill him.
He couldn't, and the truth was I didn't really want him to darken his soul and break his spirit killing when he so clearly didn't want to, so I did it.
You see, Narcissa came to me one day at my home and begged me to take an unbreakable vow and to do what I had to if Draco couldn't and who was I to say no when a woman comes to my home almost crying her eyes out, distressed."
He signed haughtily as if gathering his thoughts before continuing.
"Dumbledore knew, of course, he did, I told him.
We had already discussed that when the time came, I would be the one to kill Dumbledore, thus saving Draco from a life of misery, locked away in the confines of Azkaban for something he was forced to do by the Dark Lord.
Draco isn't as cruel and as cold and calculating as he appears on the surface.
Deep down inside, past the hatred and the bitterness lays an innocent boy just yearning for attention and a life of normalcy.
He didn't want any of this, he doesn't want to be used as a weapon for the Dark Lord, threatened with the life of his mother should he not comply."
He shifted again in the bed trying to get comfortable, his leg brushing against her thigh gently and he was surprised she didn't recoil from him in disgust.
"So, you saved Draco from having to spend the rest of his natural life in Azkaban?"
Her expression softened at the realisation of the selflessness that he had shown.
"Basically.
Yes.
And in return, I end up here against my free will for a crime that Dumbledore organised, and I had little to no say in.
Again, with the master manipulator thing as you have already discovered.
You see, he was smart and quick-witted but he, just like Potter often didn't think about consequences to his actions."
"A victim of circumstances beyond your control?"
She asked softly.
Without thinking he reached out and tucked an errant frizzy curl behind her ear, a single finger brushed against her cheek accidentally.
"Aren't we all Hermione?
Aren't we all."
A/N: I am really feeling this story lately.
Loving writing it if I am honest, and I have had a bit of inspiration which is why you are getting a second chapter in twenty-four hours.
I hope this tides you over until the next chapter, hopefully, sooner rather than later whilst I give love to my other stories and their readers also.
-Aliasmel1"Go."
Hermione inclined her head to the now open door of the room he had been held captive in with little reprieve other than being taken out and beaten and berated beyond measure.
"Shower.
Fresh clothes are in there."
He watched her with intent in his eyes trying to work out what angle she was coming from.
Or perhaps she didn't have an angle at all, and he was buttering her up just right and he had her exactly where he wanted her.
Perfect.
She was starting to trust him.
"You are smeared and smattered with your own blood.
I can't morally sit by whilst you are in such a state.
Harry and Ron probably won't be back for days, or weeks so you are safe."
"Where did they go?"
Voice heavy with questions as he watched her tilt her head to the side just so as if thinking.
"Bill and Fleurs wedding.
I wasn't very much interested in going anyway," She harrumphed, letting a short, sharp breath out of her nose indignantly.
"Now, shower, go."
She ordered with bitterness in her voice, but she tried to remind herself that she really didn't care if she was missing the wedding with her two friends.
"Thank you."
He bowed his head ever so slightly showing his appreciation.
Of course, he could run right now.
He could have taken her wand on many occasions.
Hell, he could overpower her now and take it, a young girl of her age wouldn't physically be a match for a man, genetically one stronger than the other.
He could run but where was the fun in such a thing as that?
There was none.
This was much a game of cat and mouse and he was having too much fun to quit now.
He wanted to see how far he could take this.
He wanted to see if he could fully sway her onto his side and have such hatred and loathing for the two boys that she would do anything for Severus.
Once he left the room she sighed hopelessly.
Why was she like this?
The vigilante fighting for the rights of others while ruining the friendships she had formed with others.
Why did she do this?
Was Severus Snape worth the loss of her friends?
Probably not if she were honest but how could she stand by while such an unjust was being committed right in the same house she was currently residing in.
It would make her no better than the uncouth savages if she turned a blind eye and walked away and pretended that nothing was happening.
That wasn't her.
She knew she could patch things up with the boys eventually, she hoped.
She knew she could bring them around but right now her main priority was Severus and seeing what became of him.
She could let him go, but at the same time, she wasn't sure what sort of reception that would garner her from the order and her friends alike.
They would likely ostracize her that much was evident, but would she receive the same treatment he currently was?
It was possible.
After all, they would view her as a traitor and assume she was in on whatever little scheme Severus had going on at any time.
Her thoughts must have been running rampant for a while because it was all that long before he was pulling her from her revere by clearing his throat heavily.
Something she assumed he must have done a few times because she realised, he was standing before her dressed in the loose-fitting tee and a pair of house pants; the only things she could scrounge up in the house that would fit him.
"I'll get your robes cleaned and washed up for you.
You don't look half as intimidating dressed in what you have on right now."
Eyes raked up and down several times taking in the man that stood before her.
He looked like a totally different person when he wasn't clad in the blackest black.
Not as intimidating, not as dour.
She noticed his frame was quite lithe, the loose tee showing off his thin body and she supposed maybe they weren't feeding him enough; she would have to rectify that situation.
"That would be appreciated.
I feel almost naked in this ghastly get-up."
He waved a hand airily over the outfit he was wearing, nose wrinkled in disgust at the offending outfit she had bestowed upon him.
Of course, he was grateful for the show and the effort she went to finding him something to wear but it just wasn't him.
No.
Dark clothes and brooding was his signature brand.
"Would you like another Occlumency lesson?"
He asked gently as he sat beside her on the bed.
It wasn't like they had anything better to do to pass the time and he was feeling generous towards the girl.
After all, she was the only one that had ever shown him compassion and kindness the entire time he had been here.
"Yes!"
She almost squealed in delight.
The days had been terribly boring and dull that it would be nice to break the monotony up.
The walls almost felt as if they were closing in on her day by day, but she knew she was safer here than leaving, for now, anyway.
In a flash she had almost leapt from the bed to the floor in the blink of an eye, legs crossed she oozed the image of the teacher's pet sitting and waiting to be praised for a straight back and a tight lip.
Pathetic.
He gently lowered himself on the floor in front of her a lot slowly and more casually than she had.
The old body ached to get down on the ground now.
Bum bones digging into the incredibly hard wooden floor causing him to wince slightly and find a more comfortable position.
"You remember what you have to do, Hermione?"
"Of course, I don't forget anything."
He almost rolled his eyes at that statement.
Of course, he should have known has astute she was.
It was almost sickening that a person could strive to be so perfect at everything they tried their hand at.
"Are you ready?"
He arranged himself on the floor again to a decent level of comfort on the dust, threadbare mat and he cringed to think what microscopic creature was current running rampant beneath him in the filthy carpet.
"I'm always ready."
She airily tossed a few errant curls over her shoulder and stood stock-still unmoving.
"Yes, indeed you are," He bit dryly.
Was there ever a time this girl wasn't ready or didn't want to learn?
Inhaling a sharp breath he looked at her intently for a minute before pushing through her mind.
A few haphazard roadblocks were throw up to stop him but he moved through them with ease and precision.
It would take her a while to be able to push him from her mind, he was years ahead of her in practice and strength and she needed to strengthen her own mind to give her the ability to push him out.
With the way the little Swot applied herself she would no doubt eventually be able to penetrate his own mind and the thoughts are hidden deep down behind the walls he threw up and guarded heavily.
He slowly began to pick through her thoughts.
All boring at the surface, they always were.
That was where everyone kept memories, they weren't afraid of, they weren't ashamed of and they didn't care about.
The good stuff was always buried deep down, and he always had to work hard to excavate them.
More walls were thrown up in haste but knocked back down again as fast as they were put up.
He began to trawl through memories of her friends, things they had done together and the conversations they had.
Memories of her crying broken-hearted over the torment at the behest of Draco Malfoy popped up and he couldn't feel a tiny bit sorry for the girl.
He too knew what it was like to be bullied relentlessly in school.
He dug deeper, further along in the minefield of memories.
She threw up another brick wall and with all her might pushed him from her mind in a panic.
There was something there she didn't want him to see and she had done better than good to push him away.
Of course, that just piqued his interest and he wanted to know what was hiding there.
What sordid or morbid memory or thought did she have hiding behind there to force him out of her mind with all her might?
He would find out eventually if it were the last thing he ever did.
She sat on the floor shaking, energy levels depleted for the copious amounts of energy and magic it took to expel him from her mind.
He watched her with intent for a few minutes as she regained her composure.
"Want to talk about that?"
"No," She bit.
"I was only asking."
He held his hands up defensively at the sudden attack on him.
"How do you do it?"
She shakily drew herself up to her feet and sat on the bed; he followed suit.
"Do what?"
An eyebrow arched in question.
"Enter my mind without your wand?
It's complex magic and quite tiring as well.
To do it without a wand would require utmost practice and magical ability.
I am assuming you can do wandless magic?"
"I can.
At times, yes.
It's taxing on the body and the magic but it is doable.
I am only so well-practised in mind fucking people without a wand because I have spent years practising.
It doesn't tire me much anymore perse and I can do it anywhere, any time and mostly without people knowing.
I can gently enter and scratch the surface of one's mind and pull out before they know.
Obviously, if I wanted to go deeper as I did with you today they would be alerted, it would be impossible to enter that deep without detection.
I can do wandless magic, that's correct but nothing of magnitude.
A few healing spells here and a hex or two there."
"I can do mild wandless magic.
Nothing too adventurous mostly summoning things from a few rooms away."
She stretched her arms high above her head and yawned loudly, not even trying to cover it up.
"It's taxing, isn't it?
Trying to push someone from your mind I mean.
You will need your rest after our sessions until you get some more stamina and I will need a few days between them to regain the exertion from wandless magic."
"Do you mind if I spend the night in here, Severus?"
Innocence laced her tone as eyelashes fluttered sweetly.
"I really don't like sleeping in my room alone with that creepy elf tiptoeing around.
The other night I woke up and he was standing over me watching me sleep and I am certain he was moments away from smothering me with the pillow.
Well, yes, he did mind.
He didn't want to share a bed with the girl, he found it hard to sleep as it was on his own let alone with the little Swot taking up half the bed.
He would only keep her up all night with his tossing, turning and thinking out like to himself.
He would be up, and he would be down, he would pace and cast an eye to the moon just yonder the window, but he was all for gaining trust and buttering her up even more, so yes… It would be fine.
He gave himself a few weeks max and she would follow him out of this house like a well-trained puppy.
"Be my guest."
He inclined his head to the far side of the bed.
"But I warn you now I am a terrible sleeper at the best of times and will probably keep you up most of the night."
She shrugged, crawling across the bed she shimmied under the blanket over the top of the mattress, head resting upon the pillow and was out like a light.
He wished he could fall asleep with such ease.
It usually took him three hours and ten sacrifices to Merlin before he even felt drowsy.
He laid down beside her, his back to her front.
He had to admit it was a lot more comfortable sleeping in these clothes than trying to do so in the robes he had been stuck in.
o-o-o-o-o-o Groggily his eyes fluttered open as the early sunbathed the room in its golden glow.
Blinking once, twice, thrice he tried to process what exactly was going on here.
Hermione's back pressed hard against his front, brown hair tickling his nose as the scent of her shampoo ensnared his senses.
His arm draped over her; a hand splayed on her hip gently.
He realised he had spent the entire night asleep and never once stirred and by the looks of it, either did she.
He stayed like that, long fingers tickling her hip with small circles tracing over the bare skin where her shirt had ridden up.
This wasn't right morally but she looked so content within his embrace he would feel terrible to break it right now.
So, he laid, tracing circles and listening to her shallow breathing with the rise and fall of her chest.
After all, she was the only one to show him the kindness of late and he would remember that when push came to shove, and he had to choose who to spare when the time came, and all of this came to fruition.
He would throw Potter under the bus no qualms about it for the treatment he had bestowed upon him, but he couldn't do the same to her, she looked out for him and he would look out for her.
The saying rang true, you did catch more flies with honey than vinegar.
A/N: Hey guys.
Sorry, it took me so long to update!
I finally got my other story finished and am slowly going through updating the rest.
I hope you liked this chapter, it's just a filler!
-Aliasmel1"Severus?"
Hermione gently awoke as the sunlight beamed into the bedroom threw the tangled and dusty curtains pulling her harshly from her slumber.
She hazarded a guess that it was sometime after nine by the height the sun was in the sky and the amount of light it was letting off assaulting her retinas.
She felt a warm hand resting on an exposed hip as if it were the most natural thing to wake up to.
She didn't pull away nor did she push him off, instead she lay still on the bed feeling the warmth radiating off his body and onto her own.
Leaning back just so against him she appreciated the comfort of another human when her life felt so empty of late.
She liked Severus on a platonic level.
He was smart, interesting and he held her attention.
Of course, he could be snarky and rude but at the moment he had been treating her with nothing but kindness and she always treated others how they treated her.
Soft movements against her back and the deepening of his breath made her realise he was slowly awakening from his deep sleep and she was slightly crestfallen when she realised he would eventually move and the feeling of warmth and comfort would be gone.
"Morning," he mumbled barely audible, resting his chin on her shoulder gently not even thinking about what he was doing.
The closeness startled him a little once he did come to the realisation, but he never pulled away.
It was comforting to him in an odd way; to be close to someone.
His soft breath brushing her cheek gently like a passing summer breeze.
"I did wake up before, but you were still asleep, so I went back to sleep.
There isn't much to do around here obviously so sleeping passes the time."
She rolled to face him, brown hair in a tangled mess from the night's slumber as she blinked at him through heavy hooded lids and sleepy eyes.
His hand still resting on her hip as she rolled she didn't seem to shy nor was she repulsed by his touch which was unusual he thought to himself.
Angling his elbow and leaning upon it he placed his head in a flat palm and watched her intently for a moment without trying to show too much interest.
"Thank you for letting me sleep here.
Kreacher is so unpredictable and we all know his stance on my kind.
I usually almost must sleep with one eye open when I am alone.
I've tried to deter him with spells and hexes, but you know what elves are like… Rules don't seem to apply to their magic, and he is certainly one elf I wouldn't lobby to free.
He's ghastly."
She shuddered slightly at the thought of the elderly elf and his hatred for not only her kind but her also.
He hated most people honestly but hated her the most.
A wayward strand of frizzed curl fell annoyingly in her face obscuring her view.
Before she even had a chance to push the annoying hair from her face, he reached out gently, brushing the curl ever so softly from her face.
Fingertips stroking her soft skin as he did so, and it sent a shiver rippling down her spine.
Realising what he had just done his hand awkwardly rested on her face.
His thumb beneath her chin he lifted her head just ever so slightly to look at her a little better.
Without even thinking he leaned in close to her without a second thought, without reservations or thinking of the repercussions his lips feather-light touched her own so lightly she hardly felt the impending kiss before they both heard footsteps heading up the stairs.
Pulling back with haste he was disappointed he never got to see the kiss through to fruition.
It felt so right yet it was so wrong, and he knew that.
Panic in her eyes, nostrils flared she knew she had no time to spring from the bed.
She had no time to right herself and she had no time to make it look as if she were coming out of her bedroom because they had already passed that she deduced from the location the footfalls were coming from.
"Shit," she whispered to herself under her breath as the footsteps grew nearer and panic intensified.
How was she going to explain this one?
"Hermione?"
The soft yet gruff voice of Remus floated down the hall and all she could do was groan.
This is all she needed to be caught in bed with Severus Snape even though it was totally innocent and hardly anything had come out of the situation.
"I know you are up here; I can sense it."
The wolf within always lying just beneath the surface heightening his smell and sense.
Seconds later he walked through the open door, face contorted into confusion and slight disgust at the scene he had walked into.
"Remus!"
She exclaimed.
Heat creeping into her cheeks and they burnt beet-red.
"W…W..what are you doing here?"
She managed to finally stutter out, heart beating out of rhythm and mouth going drier than a desert.
This was one person she wasn't expecting.
"What are you doing is probably more important than what I am doing here, Hermione."
Arms folded tight across his chest and a foot tapped impatiently on the floor.
She felt very much like she had been caught sneaking back in the house by her father after a night out.
Only he wasn't her father and it was probably none of his business.
"What is it your business what she is doing, Lupin?"
Severus almost leapt out of the bed with vigour.
Lips pulling back into a sneer as he looked venomously at the other man now in the room.
Annoyed with both himself for almost kissing the girl and equally annoyed he didn't get to follow it through because it was obvious, she had no intention of pulling away and she was starting to walk head-long right into his plan.
It wouldn't be long before he walked out of here with her following along happily.
"No doubt you are filling her brain with lies and trying to sway her so she will let you go no doubt.
Bedding the girl is a whole other situation.
It is abhorrent and immoral that you are taking advantage of the girl when no one else is around.
I actually heard what happened with Harry, how you tried to attack him and I-" He was instantly cut off by a seething and irate Severus Snape.
"For the record, Lupin, I did not bed the girl nor have I ever in the past.
She asked me if she could stay in here because of that vulgar elf scurrying around here hiding in dark corners like a rat skulking around the place.
I agreed.
I have not touched the girl so you can back right down before you regret walking in this room.
Also, I never attacked that swine, he attacked me.
How would I attack someone when I have no wand, Lupin?
I may be a lot of things, werewolf, but one thing I won't stand for is the making up of abhorrent lies about me," He snarled savagely, teeth bared.
Fists clenched tightly till his knuckles went white down by his sides.
Lupins nostrils flared rapidly as he picked the scent up of Hermione all over Severus.
Eyes glittered dangerously and his teeth bared just as Severus's had just seconds ago.
"I can smell her all over you, Severus and you expect me not to believe you didn't touch her?"
He took a few steps forward as if trying to detect the scent further.
"Even if I did touch her, which I didn't, it would be none of your business, wolf.
Of course, her scent is all over my person, I slept beside her the entire night.
Now you can stop with the interrogations because I grow bored with your trivial antics.
Now back up before I make you back up."
"That's a bold statement coming from a Wizard without his wand."
"I don't need my wand to put you in your place, Remus, now back down like a good wolf," animosity dripped from his every word as it fell from his tongue.
"I could tear your throat out Severus and you know it."
Hermione not being able to bear the confrontation she pushed between the two men.
"Stop it both of you.
Severus stop antagonising him and sit on the bed.
Remus, everything he said is true.
It's admirable that you are looking out or me but I am fine.
Severus hasn't killed me yet and Harry attacked him.
So I am unsure what twisted tales of woe he is spinning you but I suggest you go back and seek the truth," she huffed pushing a tangled strand of hair from her face as brown eyes stared back at him unwavering.
"That's the keyword there Hermione, yet.
Just because he hasn't killed you yet doesn't mean he won't and for you to lie beside him and fall asleep is totally irresponsible of you.
I won't tell anyone else what I found but you need to revaluate the trust you are obviously placing upon a known murderer," his voice almost laced with desperation as he talked.
"I'm hardly going to take the life of a child, Remus.
Have you no faith in me?"
"Not at all," he growled low in his throat, turning on his heel and stalked from the room.
Hermione flopped down beside him on the bed.
The fleeting kiss that could have been, the kiss that could have changed so much more was never spoken of again that day.
A/N: Hi guys!
Hope you like this chapter.
The kiss thing just came out of nowhere yet it felt so right… Stupid Remus for interrupting them.
-Aliasmel1
