Hello everyone!
I was so happy to see all of the favorites and fans.
Thank you very much!
I'm glad people are intrigued by this rare pairing.
Special thank you to LooneyLuna15 for letting me know about the formatting issue!
Here is chapter 2.
Hope I don't disappoint.
Disclaimer: JK Rowling owns everything….doesn't stop me from wishing I did Chapter 2 (Friday October 1st) The first month of school went by and Greg hated classes more than ever.
Vince wasn't here to make fun of the professors with him.
Millie wasn't here to talk to.
Greg had received yet another owl from his mother.
She encouraged him to do well in class.
Greg was going to need a good job, so he was going to need to nail his NEWT's.
Greg had gotten an Acceptable in all of his OWLs.
Although his father's passing made Greg and his mother relieved, it left Greg to take care of her.
They weren't destitute, but they weren't the Malfoys.
They couldn't afford to take a bunch of losses and still have enough to live lavishly.
Greg looked over at the Gryffindor table, finding the head girl, talking with a couple others, her soft curls bouncing when she would move or laugh.
After their encounter that first night, Greg was still thinking about Granger.
Draco said she was accepting of his relationship with Blaise, Greg thought.
Granger was being genuinely nice that night.
Granger was smart, too.
Would she be willing to tutor him?
Greg looked up when he heard Granger's name mentioned to the left of him.
"And Malfoy shares a dorm with Granger.
What a fucking waste!"
Anton Harper said to Theo Nott under his breath.
"It's not fair.
Gryffindor Bitch looks sexier than ever, even if she is muggleborn."
Harper shook his head before he started talking about Slytherin dominating the Quidditch Pitch this year, claiming the She-Weasel better watch out.
Greg noticed Theo roll his eyes before leaving.
Greg narrowed his eyes.
Granger's not a bitch.
Anton Harper is proof that some things never change.
Since Draco had become rather "saintly" (as Harper put it), Harper had taken up residence as the new Slytherin bad boy.
It was annoying.
McGonagall can press house unity all she wants, but there's always going to be one resisting asshole, Greg thought.
….
Hermione had been enjoying the first month of classes.
It was nice to be back to a familiar routine.
Draco was still arrogant at times and a little annoying, but he wasn't cruel anymore.
They had been starting to form a tentative friendship.
Draco was also more relaxed and pleasant with Blaise around so naturally Hermione was happy to have Blaise to hang around the dorms more.
She could see how they fit as a couple.
Blaise was laid back and quiet (at least until you got to know him) while Draco was high strung and forward with people.
They balanced each other out.
Hermione loved being Head Girl.
From the moment Hermione heard about the position, it became her dream.
It would be the crowning achievement of her Hogwarts Years.
She loved running the meetings with Draco and working closely with McGonagall.
Draco proved to be a good Head Boy.
He wasn't as strict as he should be, but Draco had been doing an admirable job.
Together, they presented a "United Front," just as McGonagall wanted.
They still bickered and argued, of course.
However, they always showed respect for each other and respect for each other's houses.
Hermione shook her head as she walked to the library to get some work done.
Tomorrow was a Gryffindor Quidditch Scrimmage.
Hermione had promised Ginny; she'd watch and give her honest feedback on her coaching abilities.
Hermione didn't think the feisty redhead would have any trouble, but Ginny was still nervous.
Madame Pince smiled warmly and greeted Hermione, happy to have the young girl back.
No one appreciated the library like Hermione Granger.
The emptiness and silence of the library was nice.
Other people liked to procrastinate until Sunday night, but not Hermione.
Walking back to her favorite table, Hermione got to work.
… It was Friday night and Greg wanted to be anywhere but the Library.
However, his first few assignments hadn't gone so well.
He wasn't failing because the professors could see he was trying, or maybe they just felt sorry for him.
On the Friday nights of years prior, Vince and Greg were usually mocking the professor, or picking fights with other students, or hanging out (and pigging out) in the common room.
Eventually Greg and Millie would seek each other out.
He liked Millie better than the other girls because she was larger, curvier.
It was a turn off to a lot of guys, but to Greg, it meant he didn't have to worry about crushing her.
When Pansy was beneath him, Greg was always afraid he'd crush her.
He'd make love to her slowly until she flipped them over and rode him into oblivion.
With Millie, Greg wasn't afraid of breaking her.
Millie always wanted it a bit rougher and faster.
Without the fear of breaking her, Greg was willing to comply.
Greg scratched his head looking at his transfiguration homework while adjusting his trousers.
He heard some shuffling a few rows over and looked to see Granger.
Standing on her tip toes, her long, soft chestnut curls, swaying as she tried to reach a book on the top shelf.
Walking over, Greg easily grabbed the book down from the top shelf and handed it to her.
Their hands touching for the briefest moment.
"Thank you, Goy…Gregory," Hermione looked up at him, smiling.
Greg felt his stomach do a flip flop.
"Greg, you can call me Greg," He replied softly.
It was the first time Hermione could recall him speaking.
Of course, they never ran in the same circles before.
His voice was deep and kind of sexy.
"Greg," Hermione said.
"Thanks again."
She turned to walk away, the light scent of vanilla floating around him.
It made Greg think of vanilla sugar cookies.
"Wait," Greg said, and she turned.
"Can you help me with the transfiguration homework?"
"Of course," Hermione said.
"Let me just go get my bag."
Hermione realized, walking over to get her bag, she should have just used her wand to get the book.
Sometimes it was she couldn't help but do things the muggle way.
Hermione was surprised Greg was in the Library at all.
Hermione would be lying if she said that she hadn't thought about Greg before now.
Hermione was worried about him, wondering if he was still so sad or how he was handling the pressure of managing the Goyle household on his shoulders.
….. Greg stared down the row, waiting for her return.
When she did, Hermione helped him understand the transfiguration homework.
She explained everything quite clearly but didn't mind re-explaining if he didn't understand.
Hermione never became frustrated helping him either, which was a surprise to Greg.
However, for Hermione, Greg reminded her of Neville, how he would stumble, but eventually grasp the information.
Hermione was sitting so close to him, explaining everything so patiently.
Greg concluded that she was truly a kindhearted person.
Hermione wasn't fake.
She wasn't being insincere when offering her condolences.
Greg also noticed how Hermione's hair wasn't bushy anymore but fell down her back in soft curls.
Whenever she would turn her head, he could smell coconut which made him think of Coconut Cream Pie.
When combined with her vanilla perfume, the scent was intoxicating.
Hermione's eyes were large and beautiful.
Brown with flecks of gold in the iris.
Greg noticed that Hermione was a natural beauty, she didn't need make up or glamour charms.
She wasn't terribly short either, about 5'7".
Her tie was removed, and a few buttons were undone.
Greg couldn't help but notice the hint of cleavage exposed when she bent over to grab her books and quills.
When Hermione was almost finished packing up, Greg asked, "Would you mind tutoring me on transfiguration and a few other subjects?"
"Of course," she smiled softly, lifting her bag to her shoulder.
"You're an angel," Greg hadn't planned to say it, it slipped out.
He noticed Hermione blush, but it was true.
Hermione was different from anyone he'd ever met.
She started to walk away, when Greg offered to walk her back to the head's dormitory.
"Okay," Hermione said, and waited for him to pack his things.
….. Hermione admitted to herself that she felt a bit nervous when Goyle or Greg offered to walk her back to the dorms.
Greg was a former adversary after all.
He didn't seem to harbor any ill-will towards her, but still she questioned, why he would want to walk her back to the dorms.
She kept a finger on her wand just in case.
They softly chatted on the walk to the head common rooms.
Greg told her about his mum and wanting to do well so he could get a decent job.
Hermione thought this was very admirable.
Hermione told him about how she promised to watch the Gryffindor Scrimmage tomorrow.
Greg couldn't believe she didn't like Quidditch since she was usually at every game.
"I just think it's boring," Hermione giggled at Greg's stunned expression.
"But friends always drag me there."
"I'm sure it wouldn't seem boring if you were up there flying," Greg replied.
"I don't fly," Hermione said seriously.
"I could never get it right and besides I'm terrified of heights."
"Wow.
I never expected…" Greg cut off and Hermione gave him a curious look.
"You're just so smart, so good at everything," he finished.
Hermione blushed, "Not everything."
By the time they reached the Heads Portrait, the pair had established that they'd meet Tuesday and Thursday nights for tutoring sessions.
They said goodnight and Greg walked off towards the dungeons, not feeling as depressed as before.
….
Hermione froze on her way into the Heads common room.
Draco and Blaise were snogging, but thankfully they were fully clothed.
"Get a room!"
She shouted while giggling at the snogging pair.
"Don't be such a prude," Draco replied.
"Sorry, Granger," Blaise smiled sheepishly, before putting a little space between himself and Draco.
Blaise noticed the small smile and blush on Hermione's face as she began to walk towards her room.
Hermione began humming some little tune.
"How was the library?"
Blaise asked.
The raven-haired wizard noticed Hermione looked a little too happy, especially for someone just coming back from a next to empty library.
"It was good.
I helped your friend, Greg, with his homework," Hermione said, noticing the shocked looks on both Draco and Blaise's faces.
"What?"
she asked sitting down in the armchair.
"I've just never known him to open a book," Draco snorted.
"Hush," Blaise swatted Draco's shoulder playfully.
"That's not nice.
Some people have to work for a living."
Draco rolled his eyes.
Hermione looked at them, waiting for an explanation.
"Mother is good friends with the widow Goyle," Blaise explained.
"With Goyle Senior's death and much of their fortune depleted, Greg is going to have to get a good job.
Mrs. Goyle has never worked which is usual of a pureblood wife.
Apparently, Mrs. Goyle has an issue with her spending habits."
Hermione was taken aback.
Greg was telling the truth.
It was sweet that he cared about his mother so much.
"Well, lack of money is not deterring Pansy at all," Draco scoffed, and Blaise huffed.
"You know he loved Millie," Blaise replied.
"Pansy's just trying to get over you."
Now it was Draco's turn to huff.
Hermione was taking in all that they said.
Millie and Greg?
Did he mean Millicent Bullstrode?
Hermione's heart clenched on remembering Millicent's death.
Poor Greg.
He lost his best friend and his girlfriend.
But what did Pansy have to do with it?
Blaise noticed Hermione's strange expression, taking all this piece by piece information in.
It was the same look Hermione wore when she was translating Ancient Runes.
She must have not realized the inner workings of Slytherin House.
Why would Hermione care though?
Blaise questioned.
Was something developing between Gryffindor Princess and the Slytherin Brute?
Blaise then asked himself how much he should reveal about the Pansy situation as well as with the other girls.
If anyone else were to explain to Hermione, she might misunderstand.
Draco started to tug on Blaise's hand, hinting that he wanted to finish the snog in the bedroom.
Blaise smiled, more than ready to continue.
He would wait to tell Hermione everything when Draco was not around.
If there's one thing Blaise knew, it's that Draco had a big mouth.
Hermione saw Draco and Blaise walk hurriedly towards Draco's or should she say, their, bedroom.
Considering Blaise stayed here more often than in the Dungeons.
Hermione got up to walk to her room again, wondering Were Pansy and Greg together?
Hermione had seen Pansy around, but Pansy was uncharacteristically quiet.
Hermione sighed to herself, the war has changed us all.
… Hermione had brought her book to the Scrimmage, sitting high in the Gryffindor section.
However, there was no use for her book since Luna Lovegood had decided to tag along.
Before long, Lavender had showed up.
There was no animosity between Hermione and Lavender anymore.
Lavender was now calmer, less boy crazy, and had stopped calling Ron, "Won-won."
More importantly, she made Ron happy.
Hermione was happy for them.
They were a good match.
Pretty soon, Pavarti and Padma had come up watching the Scrimmage.
Padma insisted that Ravenclaw had a good team and Pavarti ignored her.
"Can you believe that the wall is still there?"
Pavarti asked the group.
"I know!"
Lavender said, shocked.
"They tore the whole fucking school apart, but that wall still stands."
"What wall?"
Hermione asked puzzled and the other girls began to giggle.
All except for Luna of course.
"The wall in the fifth floor girl's bathroom," Luna replied, in her dreamy yet very matter of fact tone.
"It has details as to how all of the boys in the school are in bed."
"What?"
Hermione practically shouted.
This only made Lavender, Padma, and Parvarti giggle more.
"It's a secret though," Padma said, lifting a finger to her lips.
"Seriously, though, Hermione," Lavender said.
"I can't believe you didn't know."
"Girls have added more details too!"
Pavarti said.
"When we throw a party, we'll pick the boys with just the right skills to invite."
Padma and Pavarti began to giggle, and Lavender looked at Hermione, shaking her head and rolling her eyes.
One thing Hermione liked and respected about Lavender was that she was faithful to Ron.
Hermione wanted to see this wall for herself.
She was intensely curious.
Hermione also felt a bit embarrassed that she seemed to be the only one who didn't know about this wall.
Of course, unlike the others, Hermione didn't really date much.
At the Yule Ball, Viktor never pressed her for intimacy.
She had snogged with Ron.
When Hermione snogged with Ron, she felt nothing.
It mostly just felt wrong, like she was fooling around with a cousin.
Luckily, Ron felt the same way.
In all honesty, Hermione had never felt a strong attraction to anyone.
Only schoolgirl crushes, like Gilderoy Lockhart, Remus Lupin, and Ron.
Hermione didn't see the point of sleeping with someone if she wasn't attracted to them.
Hermione was always committed to her studies, figuring there would be time for boys later.
Then she became committed to helping Harry win the war.
Now, she's committed to be the best Head Girl she could be and excelling at her NEWTs, but a part of her felt like something was missing.
Until now, Hermione had spent most of her school career studying and managing to keep Harry and Ron from killing themselves or each other.
Now that the war was over and Harry and Ron weren't here, she felt a bit empty.
They had achieved so much, and it was natural to feel a sense of loss.
There was a longing for the next great adventure to show up.
Soon after the scrimmage was over, and Hermione went to meet Ginny outside the girl's locker room.
Ginny looked at brunette friend, eagerly.
"So?"
Ginny asked.
"You were brilliant, Gin," Hermione said, listening to Ginny squeal with happiness.
"Seriously," Hermione continued.
"You keep them all in line!"
"Thanks," Ginny smiled.
"Sometimes I think I sound a bit like my mum when I'm ordering them about."
Ginny and Hermione giggled.
Hermione didn't want to say it, but her friend was right.
They walked on towards the Great Hall for lunch, then to the Gryffindor common room.
Hermione thought about asking about the wall in the fifth floor girls bathroom, but figured Ginny knew about it already.
Ginny had more of a sexual appetite than Hermione thought capable in a person.
….. On Monday night, Draco lazily walked into the dungeons.
Blaise was not far behind.
Their relationship was quite new to some people, so the couple felt a bit wary.
The Slytherin Common Room still looked the same.
People were sectioned off in clumps.
Pansy Parkinson, Daphne and Astoria Greengrass, and couple other Slytherin girls were chatting in the corner.
Pansy looked up when Draco walked in, but then quickly stood, walking out of the room.
Pansy Parkinson had always prided herself for being a mean girl, a bitch, but heartbreak changes a girl.
Pansy was quieter now and sad.
Logically, she knew it wasn't Draco's fault.
He had been born that way.
Still, it stung and blaming Draco made her feel better.
Several new faces were scattered around the room, but Draco and Blaise sought out their old friends: Theo and Greg.
"Well, look here.
The Slytherin King and his Queen have come to grace us peasants with their presence," Theo laughed, standing up and pretending to bow, before laughing.
"What did we do have earned this great honor?"
"Knock it off, Theo," Draco smirked.
However, Blaise enjoyed the attention and curtsied in reply.
It had been common knowledge that Blaise was gay, at least among the Slytherins, long before Draco came out.
"Hey Greg," Draco said to his old friend.
"Fancy a game of chess?"
Draco wanted to make sure his friend was okay.
Greg and Vince had always been by his side, being the muscle to Draco's big, threatening mouth.
However, Draco knew that without Vince, Greg was depressed.
Greg nodded and the group went back into Blaise's mostly unused private room.
Blaise began talking with Theo.
The atmosphere was very easy.
Greg began moving the chess pieces about.
Draco was always better at this than him.
Maybe Hermione could tutor him on chess as well.
Was she good at chess?
Greg thought, then laughed at himself.
She was good at everything, except flying.
Greg was pulled from his thoughts when Draco started talking about the upcoming Scrimmage.
"We've put together a great team," Draco smiled as his king swung at Greg's pawn.
"McGonagall can preach all she wants about House Unity, but on the Quidditch field..." Draco shook his head.
"it's over!"
Everyone began laughing.
"Don't let McGonagall hear you say that," Theo pointed his finger, smiling.
"She'll cancel Quidditch."
Draco, Blaise, and Greg audibly gasped.
"Don't even joke about, mate," Greg said smiling.
Blaise paused for a moment, watching Greg.
"I can't wait for the scrimmage.
Hermione and I will be in the fan girl section," Blaise laughed, but noticed how Greg perked up out of the corner of his eye.
"Granger is seriously coming?"
Draco said disbelievingly.
"Don't be so shocked.
She went to watch the Gryffindor scrimmage," Blaise teased.
"I told her that because of House Unity, it was only fair that she came to the Slytherin scrimmage as well."
"Is she still with the Weasel?"
Theo asked, absentmindedly, knowing that Blaise knew all the gossip.
"How did Granger become the focus of the conversation?"
Draco asked rather curiously.
Greg was listening carefully, willing the subject not to change.
"No.
He's with Lavender Brown…again," Blaise replied.
"Hermione mentioned that dating the Weasel was like dating her brother."
Theo looked surprised.
Draco looked quite bored with the subject; Blaise noticed the small smile that fell across Greg's face.
Hermione was always too good for the Weasel anyway, Greg thought, smilingly to himself.
Thank Merlin for Blaise.
"So, she's single?"
Theo asked, with a bit of hope in his voice.
Greg clenched his jaw which didn't go unnoticed by Blaise.
"What's it to you?"
Blaise winked as Theo gave him an annoyed look.
"Well, she never brings any men back to her bedroom, if that's what you're asking, so yes, I suppose she is."
Blaise watched as a look of interest appeared on Theo and Greg's faces.
Theo was looking like he was ready to find Hermione and begin wooing her.
Blaise wanted to discourage Theo because he only loved the challenge, the chase.
Once he'd fucked the girl, it was fun for him anymore.
Theo was not one for a relationship and Hermione wouldn't like that.
"But," Blaise began with a teasing smile.
"Maybe she'll start bringing you back, Greg.
I hear Hermione's going to tutor you."
Blaise smiled as he saw Greg blushed.
"So, I've got some competition, huh?"
Theo laughed, punching Greg playfully in the arm.
Theo didn't see Greg as a serious threat.
Theo always made a mistake in thinking of himself as god's gift to women.
"No," Greg shook his head, stammering a bit.
"I just need to pass the Newts with flying colors.
That's all" "Maybe you should all go and gossip with the other schoolgirls," Draco said, looking bored with the topic of conversation.
"Hey, we're not all pitching for the same team," Theo joked, and Draco rolled his eyes.
"Well, I've got to go," Draco said standing up, giving Blaise a quick kiss on the cheek.
"Unlike you," Draco looked Theo directly in the eye.
"I've got a hot date with Granger, patrolling the halls."
Draco smirked.
"Lucky Bastard," Theo muttered.
"Hey Greg, can I join in on your tutoring session?"
Theo asked smiling.
"No," Greg said roughly and walked out of the room.
"What's his problem?"
Theo asked, hearing Greg slam the door.
"Don't know.
Come on.
Let's play."
Blaise shrugged, throwing a chess piece at Theo.
Blaise smiled, secure in the knowledge that Theo was not the only one with a crush on Hermione.
….. Greg laid in bed that night, anxious about meeting with Hermione.
Tomorrow they would work on Arithmancy.
Greg smiled softly at the thought of being in her presence, being so close to her.
Greg was angry that Theo was asking about Hermione, a tad jealous as well.
Theo was always confident when it came to girls.
Millie was the only girl that ever really wanted Greg.
She wasn't looking for Draco or information about his whereabouts.
Two years of girls only talking to him to find Draco, made him insecure.
The fact that Theo doesn't see Greg as real competition doesn't help either.
Greg began to think about Hermione again.
She was beautiful, but she also had a brain.
A rare quality found in the girls anywhere it seemed.
She was petite yet curvy, a very womanly figure.
Not stick thin, but not fat.
Hermione had slipped into Greg's fantasies more than once over the course of his time at Hogwarts.
Of course, everyone at school, had some sort of fantasy about her, Greg was sure.
A lot of boys, including Theo, gawked at her, but Hermione never seemed to show interest in return.
What would it take for Hermione to take interest in him?
Greg thought.
Shaking his head slightly, Yeah righ.
hapter 3 Hello Lovely readers!
Sorry this chapter is so late.
I was on vacation last week, so writing took a back seat.
Eek!
Disclaimer: JK Rowling owns everything….
sometimes I pretend I do…..
But I don't ….
(Saturday October 9th) Hermione let her mind wander as she got ready to watch the Slytherin Scrimmage.
Damn House Unity.
Why was she always getting dragged to these damn things?
Quidditch isn't even that interesting yet everyone talks about it like it's a religion or something.
Ginny made Hermione promise to tell her the details of the Scrimmage.
Right, Hermione thought.
As if I know how to explain it.
Hermione started to put her hair up in a ponytail before dropping her arms.
At least I'll get to see Greg, Hermione smiled to herself.
They met on Tuesday and Thursday of this past week.
Hermione had become more and more curious about the man she was tutoring.
She had been thinking about Greg ever since that night in the Great Hall.
Hermione was worried about him, wondering if he was still so sad.
To have the pressure of managing the Goyle household on his shoulders.
Hermione left her bedroom to see Blaise sitting on the couch, reading.
Hermione wanted to ask Blaise about the situation with Pansy and Millicent but was unsure how to bring it up.
Blaise looked up and smiled.
Blaise also wanted to talk to Hermione in private, but first Blaise wanted to see if Hermione was interested in Greg.
If Hermione was, then she needed to understand the situation before anyone else got to her.
If Daphne, Astoria, or Pansy told her about the things that had happened, she'd probably misunderstand Greg.
Blaise thought Greg and Hermione would be good for each other.
Blaise figured that sensing Hermione's body language as she watched Greg play would give him the answer.
Greg really was the best beater the team ever had, gifted with incredible strength and speed.
Hell, even Blaise got turned on when he watched Greg play.
Those Quidditch tights left nothing to the imagination.
"Ready?"
Blaise asked, standing and linking an arm in Hermione's as they walked to the portrait.
"Draco is probably giving a very spirited pep talk right now," Blaise explained.
"Very competitive, that one."
"Very focused on winning," Hermione smiled.
"I, err," Blaise started somewhat awkwardly.
"Hope you don't mind me being in the Heads dorms when Draco isn't."
"Of course not," Hermione laughed.
"You're an honorary head!"
Hermione's joke made Blaise smile.
Blaise was happy to have found a friend in Hermione.
"In all seriousness," Hermione began.
"I like having you around.
Draco would probably be unmanageable if you weren't.
He's much calmer when you're around, I notice."
"Well," Blaise started, looking down at his feet as they walked.
"I was there for him when no one else could be."
Hermione leaned closer to the raven-haired boy, interested in hearing Blaise's side of the story, but on the way down to the pitch.
they passed Luna Lovegood.
Luna was carrying a radish-shaped purse.
"Hello," Luna said in her dreamy voice.
"Are you going to watch the Scrimmage as well?"
Hermione nodded as Blaise asked if Luna wanted to sit with them.
"You're Blaise Zabini," Luna pointed at Blaise.
Hermione was reminded of Luna's awkward bluntness.
The way Luna would say things to people as if they were unaware.
"Yes, I am," Blaise looked at Hermione, a bit puzzled.
"You're dating the Head Boy," Luna said, as if Blaise didn't know his own boyfriend.
Hermione rolled her eyes as they began climbing the stairs to the stands.
"Yes," Blaise said, pointing at Luna as they sat.
"And you're Luna Lovegood.
You hand out Quibblers to everyone."
"Yes," Luna smiled, pulling a tube of orange lip-gloss out of her purse.
"What an interesting choice of color," Blaise said, pointing at the lip gloss.
"I made it myself," Luna explained.
"It keeps away the Nargles!"
Blaise had never spent much time with Luna and was a bit confused.
Hermione mumbled, "Just go with it," in Blaise's ear.
Luna continued to quietly chat with Blaise as Hermione looked down on the pitch.
Draco and the other players were standing in the middle of the pitch.
Draco was giving an intense speech to the players.
When Greg looked up to see Hermione, Blaise, and Luna in the stands.
He felt a small flip in his stomach knowing that Hermione would be able to see that he was in fact good at something.
Greg waved up to her and Hermione waved back.
Unfortunately, Greg wasn't the only one who noticed the Head Girl.
Anton Harper scowled when he noticed Hermione waving at Greg.
He saw Greg's stupid smile.
Harper had seen the two in the library together.
Harper as well as other students found it odd.
Stupid Brute is probably fucking the mudblood, Harper thought.
"Will it be shirts vs skins?"
Harper shouted to Draco beginning to take his shirt off, showing off his muscled physique.
"No.
I've got these capes," Draco informed the team as he passed them out, rolling his eyes at Harper.
Anton Harper had become a thorn in Draco's side since the first day of classes.
Harper was a troublemaker and still had an enormous amount of prejudice against muggle-borns.
"Put your shirt back on, you tosser," another player shouted at Harper.
The players straddled their brooms, kicked off from the ground, took their positions and the Scrimmage began.
Hermione watched the Scrimmage, noticing the way Greg swung the beaters bat.
When Greg hit the Quaffle the ball was sent far beyond the pitch until it came flying back.
The dark-haired boy was incredibly powerful.
Greg had always been known for his strength.
Hermione had never noticed how the Quidditch uniform left little to the imagination.
Muscles outlined and defined; pants incredibly tight around the thighs.
If Hermione could just get closer, she could probably see the outline of Greg's….
Hermione shook her head a bit.
It was not good to be thinking such naughty thoughts about the man she was tutoring.
What's wrong with me?
Hermione thought to herself.
She looked towards the stairs and saw Theodore Nott climbing up towards them.
Blaise noticed the way Hermione was watching Greg, the way her eyes swept over his body.
It was like Greg was the only player in the pitch.
Then Blaise saw Theo walking towards them, and Blaise rolled his eyes.
"Hey guys," Theo said.
"Sorry I'm late."
"You're not late," Blaise huffed.
"I didn't invite you."
"Well anyone can watch the Scrimmage," Theo said as he walked past Blaise to sit next to Hermione.
"Right Blondie?"
Theo winked at Luna.
"You're Theodore Nott," Luna stated in matter of fact tone.
"You've slept with all of the girls in my room, except me."
Luna didn't sound hurt at all in her dreamy tone.
If anything, it sounded like an observation made on an obscure animal on some scientific discovery television show.
Theo blushed a violent shade of red and Hermione and Blaise looked at each other, sharing a giggle.
Thank Merlin for Luna, Blaise thought.
"Hi Theo," Hermione said, stifling a giggle, watching the Scrimmage.
"Don't feel bad, Sweetheart," Blaise turned to Luna.
"Theo prefers quantity over quality."
Hermione squeezed Blaise's arm, biting her lip.
Luna shrugged, turning her attention back to the game.
"Thanks a lot, Blaise," Theo narrowed his eyes, scowling at the raven-haired wizard.
The group turned their attention back to the Scrimmage, watching as Harper was less focused on the game and more focused on the audience.
Harper kept flying by the group, attempting to catch the Head Girl's attention.
"Harper get it together," Draco shouted.
Greg rolled his eyes.
Why is Harper even on the team?
Greg thought.
He's not even that good of a chaser.
Greg noticed Theo sitting next to Hermione.
She was giggling.
Had Theo made her laugh?
Greg almost missed the quaffle watching the group.
"So, Hermione," Theo started.
"I heard that you are tutoring Greg.
He's such a dear friend.
Thank you so much."
"It's no trouble.
Greg's quite smart.
I think he just has trouble focusing."
Hermione explained, smiling.
Theo looked incredibly taken aback that Hermione had called Greg "smart" while Blaise smiled brightly at Hermione.
Blaise knew that Greg was smart, just in a different way.
"I was wondering if I might join your study group with Greg?"
Theo asked.
"I'm having some trouble as well."
"Aren't you currently number four in our year?"
Blaise asked and Theo gave a look that screamed: Stay out of this!
"Actually," Hermione began in a very sincere tone.
"I think its best if Greg and I work alone.
He really needs the attention."
Hermione smiled, but Theo was not discouraged.
It was always more fun for the predator to chase its prey.
"Well, maybe we could work out a time to study together," Theo said.
"Privately."
He winked and Hermione rolled her eyes.
Theo had quite the reputation and Hermione did not want her name to be added to the list of his conquests.
This wasn't the first time Theo had tried to get Hermione alone.
"As Blaise said," Hermione reiterated.
"You are number four in our year.
I think you can manage."
"Come on, Hermione," Blaise said, standing and pulling Hermione with him.
"I think the Scrimmage is almost over.
We can grab lunch."
Hermione nodded and followed Blaise.
"Lovely to see you, Luna," Blaise said, ignoring Theo's dirty looks.
"Do you want to join us Luna?"
Hermione smiled.
"No, thank you," Luna replied, pulling out her funky sunglasses from her radish purse.
"I'm on the look out for waxburts after this!"
Blaise and Hermione shrugged at each other.
Theo waited till the pair was out of earshot before he made a move on Luna.
"So, you say I've slept with everyone, but you?"
Theo asked Luna, with a small smile.
Luna began talking about nargles and waxburts.
Theo was looking at Luna as if she had three heads.
As Blaise and Hermione made their way down to the Great Hall Blaise said, "Pay Theo no mind.
Guy's a tosser, thinks with his dick."
"Yes," Hermione laughed.
"I think most of the boys at this school do."
"Well some of us just think about dick," Blaise giggled, and Hermione snorted.
When the pair reached the Great Hall, Ginny motioned for them to come over.
Blaise was probably the first Slytherin to sit at the Gryffindor table ever.
….
Greg had just gotten out the shower and walked towards his locker, changing rather quickly.
Greg hoped to see Hermione, if she was still in the stands.
Damn Theo, always trying to make his move.
Greg knew Hermione could take care of herself, but Theo could be quite charming when he wanted to be.
It wasn't even like Greg and Hermione were together.
She can do what she wants, but Greg felt hot jealousy coursing through his veins.
After getting an earful from Draco, Harper walked towards his locker, which was two down from Greg's locker.
Harper was watching the taller boy dress and smirked a bit.
Harper wanted to know if Greg and Hermione were in fact sleeping together.
"So, I have a question," Harper began, moving closer to Greg.
Greg put his shirt on and began opening and closing his hands.
Harper always meant trouble.
"Be honest," Harper continued.
"Because if it's true, then I won't bother."
"When you stick your cock in Granger," Harper began.
"Does it come out covered with dirt?"
Before Harper could smirk, Greg had punched him.
Harper was knocked to the ground, clutching his nose.
A crunch could be heard which signaled that Greg had without a doubt broken his nose.
Greg looked like he was ready to throw another when the other players grabbed Greg, pulling him away.
Greg felt the jealousy transform to anger.
How dare Harper talk about his girl…no not his girl…Hermione like that.
"What's going on here?"
Draco asked, in his authoritative tone.
"Who started this?"
"Your guard dog attacked me," Harper sputtered out, still holding his nose and Greg went to move at Harper again but was held back as Draco placed an invisible barrier between the two.
"Stay away from her," Greg warned as his eyes darkened.
The knuckles on Greg's right hand were covered with blood.
Greg wrenched free of his teammates and walked out of the locker room before anyone could stop him.
Greg looked up at the stands and saw only Luna and Theo.
… Greg, Draco and Blaise were hanging out in Blaise's room.
Draco had given Harper detention for his comments and unfortunately had to give detention to Greg for punching Harper.
"I know he's an arse and vile.
The things he says about Hermione are disgusting," Draco had explained.
"But you have to control your temper.
He was just trying to get a rise out of you."
"Isn't there anyway he can be expelled?"
Greg asked.
"It can't be just your word against his," Draco had said, knowing he'd have to provide McGonagall with sufficient evidence.
There were no hard feelings between Greg and Draco.
Instead the three of them were laughing over Draco's impression of Harper on his broom.
Things were going well, at least until Theo walked in.
"What the fuck is your problem?"
Theo yelled at Blaise as he slammed the door to bedroom behind him.
"Whoa, whoa.
Easy!"
Blaise said, jumping up.
Blaise did not anticipate Theo reacting this way for interfering in Theo's quest for Hermione.
"I can explain."
"Theo, what's wrong?"
Draco said, putting himself in front of his boyfriend.
Theo knocked the Head Boy aside though.
"You wanker," Theo yelled as he poked Blaise in the chest.
"Don't ever embarrass me like that again!"
"Will one of you explain what happened, please?"
Greg said, putting himself between Theo and Blaise.
"Luna started it.
If you could just keep your dick in your pants," Blaise said, jumping behind the desk to avoid Theo's wrath.
"You wouldn't have this problem."
Greg held Theo back and Draco went to Blaise.
"Don't you talk about my dick," Theo shouted, wanting to charge, but knowing his strength couldn't match Greg's.
"You were rude to me before I even sat down."
"Hermione's not interested, okay?"
Blaise said, watching Greg turn his head at the mention of his tutor's name.
"You won't be able to use your charms on her.
Your reputation precedes you!"
Draco and Greg exchanged a look.
Obviously, something transpired in the stands today.
Harper wasn't the only one creating drama, after all.'
"She told you she wasn't interested?"
Theo asked, confused.
Why wouldn't Granger want him?
Theo was rich, handsome, great in bed, and smart.
That's all that matters, Theo thought.
"Not in so many words," Blaise said.
"But if all you're after is something physical…it won't work.
Hermione's not going to spread her legs just like that."
Blaise snapped his fingers.
Theo seemed to deflate a little.
Blaise was about to apologize for his behavior today when he noticed the orange lip gloss on Theo's neck.
"Well, looks like you've added Luna to the list," Blaise snorted.
At this, Theo couldn't help cracking up.
"Yeah," Theo admitted.
"Girl is into some weird shit, but she's incredibly flexible."
The tension seemed to decrease in the room after that as all four of them began to laugh.
Greg wasn't paying much attention to the conversation after this point.
For some reason, Greg felt elated knowing that Hermione wasn't interested in Theo.
Of course, Theo lacked substance when it came to girls like Hermione.
There was nothing Theo could offer Hermione.
He was easy, a good time guy.
Blaise was right, it would take more to earn Hermione's affection.
"You have a problem," Draco said to Theo, shaking his head and wiping away tears of laughter.
"I wouldn't necessarily call it a problem," Theo defended, sitting down next to Greg.
"Can't you just pick one girl?"
Blaise asked, holding Draco's hand in his own.
"Just one."
"Truth is," Theo began.
"I've only ever had feelings for one girl, but..." "But…" Draco said, urging Theo to continue.
"Who is it?"
Greg asked, hoping it wasn't Hermione.
"Lavender," Theo admitted.
"I feel like she's the only one who…never mind.
She's with the fucking Weasel now because I couldn't commit."
Theo got up and walked out of the room.
"I feel bad for him," Blaise said.
"I didn't know Theo had a heart that existed outside of his pants."
"I kind of figured," Draco said.
"He'd always sneak her into the dorms.
Don't you remember?"
Blaise nodded and Greg felt relief flood through him.
He couldn't quite explain what was happening to him.
Greg felt like Hermione was an angel sent just for him, meant to be his.
Was he so much of a Neanderthal that he had laid claim to her?
… (Wednesday October 30th) Greg sat waiting at his and Hermione's usual table in the library.
The two had been meeting twice a week for the past three weeks and it has been paying off.
Yesterday, Greg answered a question right in Transfiguration, earning Slytherin house five points.
Everyone seemed shocked, except Hermione.
She had given Greg a dazzling smile.
Greg liked spending time with Hermione.
Unlike many people in Greg's life, Hermione encouraged him and believed in him.
They often walked out of classes together.
Hermione had become his partner in potions after convincing Neville to switch with her.
Greg had noticed the odd looks of other students but paid no mind.
Anton Harper always wore a scowl when he saw Greg with the Head Girl.
Theo would often show up during their tutoring sessions.
Theo would sit at the table next to them and sometimes ask a question or two.
Theo would look at Greg with a hint of jealousy in the Slytherin common room.
Greg and Hermione decided to owl each other when would be a good time to meet so that Theo wouldn't be able to interject little comments or stare at the pair.
Greg noticed Hermione was becoming more annoyed with Theo.
A note suddenly appeared in front of Greg, which read: Running late.
Meeting with Draco and Prefects.
Be there by 7:15 at latest.
-H Greg couldn't help but laugh when he saw the little drawing of Draco with bulging eyes, pointing angrily.
Greg knew Draco didn't have a lot of patience with large groups of people, particularly if they were younger than Draco.
… Hermione was speed walking to the library, glancing at her watch reading 7:10.
It was Wednesday, Draco was always anxious in the middle of the week.
Hermione was thinking that she should rearrange the meetings to maybe Monday and maybe invite Blaise to all the meetings (though Draco's boyfriend wasn't a prefect).
Hermione walked around when she spotted Greg, already at a table, notes out, and waiting.
Apologizing for being late, Hermione smiled and began to engage in polite conversation about classes before getting to work.
Hermione made a joke about how there was no Theo eavesdropping.
Tonight, they were studying arithmancy.
Hermione liked tutoring Greg; she began to think of him as a study partner more than someone she was tutoring.
Unlike Harry and Ron, Greg didn't expect to Hermione to do all the work for him.
Greg wanted to learn the information in order to do the work himself.
He never tried to copy her work.
Hermione always sat next to him, wanting to be able to look at the parchment from his view.
She went along explaining the terms and concepts.
Then gave him some tips on note taking.
Most people would be surprised to learn that Gregory Goyle wasn't stupid.
He retained information well.
Years of being Malfoy's bodyguard as well as rarely speaking, left people to believe that Greg was all brawn and no brain.
However, Greg was beginning to prove people wrong.
Hermione noticed her body reacting differently each time she was around Greg.
The Quidditch Scrimmage had left her thinking naughty thoughts.
Every time they met, she found him more and more attractive.
Maybe it was because everything about Greg was so masculine.
All of Hermione's schoolgirl crushes apart from Ron had been grown men.
Being so close to Greg, Hermione noticed the scruff across his face, the spicy scent of his cologne.
The way his fore arms flexed when he wrote, the hard muscle of his biceps.
At one point, Greg loosened his tie a bit and unbuttoned his top collar button and Hermione noticed a bit of chest hair peeking through.
Merlin, Greg was a man among boys.
At times, Hermione found herself having to avert her eyes.
Trying to work on the problem at hand became a bit difficult.
When Greg's hands had grazed hers when handing her a textbook and she felt how rough his fingers were from Quidditch.
Having to grip the broom, but across both hands on his knuckles, Greg had a couple of scars.
It must be from fighting, Hermione thought.
What would those hands feel like running along her soft skin?
What would they feel like tweaking her nipples?
Or along the delicate, sensitive petals of her….
Hermione picked up a folder and began fanning herself.
Merlin, it was warm in here.
She was a bit frightened that there would be a bit of wetness left behind on the chair.
Was this what it felt like to be truly attracted to someone?
Greg offered to walk her back to the portrait hole, like always.
A true gentleman, Hermione thought.
They conversed quietly on the way back to the Heads Common Room.
Once inside her room, Hermione began trying to sort out her feelings and sexual frustration.
Hermione wanted to ask Blaise if Pansy and Greg were together, but there was a tie on Draco's doorknob.
If they were, then there was no use in pining after Greg, no use in trying to sort her feelings out.
Hermione picked up her pillow, screaming into it while rubbing her thighs together.
Crushes were less confusing when attraction wasn't involved.
….
Greg liked walking back to the dungeons with Hermione's scent around him.
The intoxicating vanilla and coconut combination.
Thinking over this past few tutoring sessions, Greg felt like something was different.
When they were around other people, Hermione was fine, but when alone, Hermione seemed to be a bit distracted.
Greg caught her looking at him out of the corner of his eye, but he figured it was his mind was playing tricks on him.
Maybe she was coming down with a cold.
At one point, she was looking flushed and started fanning herself.
Even if Hermione had a cold, she still looked beautiful.
When Greg entered his room, he dropped his bag on the desk and shuffled out of his shoes.
Unbuttoning his shirt, Greg allowed his mind to wander.
Several times during each tutoring session Greg would imagine kissing or doing other naughty things to Hermione.
He'd quickly push those urges out of his mind however, not wanting to get himself too excited.
But now in his room, there was no worry of being caught with a hard-on.
Stepping into the shower, washing himself, Greg let his mind wander.
Greg had quite a few fantasies of having sex with Hermione in the Library.
Sometimes when Hermione would talk passionately about a subject, Greg imagined kissing her, wanting her to focus her passion on him.
Knocking their books off the table, lifting her and making love to her right on the table.
Other times Greg wanted to kiss Hermione in between the stacks, away from prying eyes.
There was a windowsill by their table and sometime Greg thought about placing her on it before moving between her legs to taste her, wondering if she'd taste like coconut cream pie or vanilla sugar cookies.
There was also a comfy armchair nearby where Greg imagined Hermione giving him a blow job or bouncing up and down riding him.
It drove him over the edge every time.
Greg stroked himself as the water sprayed over his back.
He began fantasizing that Hermione was in the shower with him.
He was rubbing soap over her breasts, massaging them and kissing her.
Greg lifted her, using a sticking charm to keep her from falling before kneeling before her.
Using his mouth to bring her pleasure, hearing her moan his name, feeling her hands in his hair as her juices flooded his mouth.
Hermione would beg him to make love to her as Greg kissed her, and he'd grip his manhood sliding it slowly into her tight, wet, pussy, taking in every breath, every pant, every moan, every sigh.
Interlocking their fingers, he'd begin thrusting, hearing Hermione moan his name, clutching at him as she came again before he joined her, filling her with his seed.
Unsticking Hermione and falling to his knees, still connected to her and holding her tightly.
Greg panted as he came, his arm against the shower wall.
Oh, how he wished it were rea.
hapter 4 Hello Readers!
In this Chapter you'll get a bit of Pansy's side of the story.
Disclaimer: JK Rowling owns everything.
(Saturday November 2nd) There were a few new stores added at Hogsmeade.
One of them sold beautiful dresses for all occasions with accessories, shoes, purses.
Anything a witch would want to have a nice night out or for a fun party or a ball.
In the back of a store, behind a curtain, there was a lingerie section which had become very popular with the girls in their seventh and eighth years Blaise Zabini was walking by when he saw a flash of red hair.
Blaise figured it was Ginny.
Thinking that maybe the Head Girl was there, Blaise went into say hello.
He walked in and saw Ginny Weasley standing in front of a mirror with three different dresses.
A blue halter style skater dress, a red bodycon dress that fell just above the knee, and a yellow wrap dress.
The redhead had a funny expression.
The dresses were lovely, but they were a bit plain.
Harry was taking her on a date next weekend.
He had gotten special permission from Professor McGonagall to take her off the grounds, so Ginny was thrilled.
"I suggest a nice green…emerald would be prettiest.
It's a sin to have red hair and not wear green," Blaise smirked.
Ginny rolled her eyes.
The raven-haired wizard and the redhead had become more comfortable around each other since Blaise was always at the Heads Dorms whenever Ginny visited Hermione.
"You would suggest green," Ginny teased.
"But I am too proud a Gryffindor to wear green."
Blaise jokingly pretended to look offended, placing his hand to his heart and sighing.
"So, is tweedle-dee here?"
Blaise asked, looking around for a head of soft chestnut curls.
Ginny knew he meant Hermione.
"If Hermione is tweedle-dee, then that makes me tweedle-dumb," Ginny wrinkled her nose.
"Oh, you're very clever, aren't you?"
Blaise teased, as her poked Ginny's nose with his finger.
"No, she's not here," Ginny said swatting his hand away.
"Busy with something or other."
"Shopping alone then?"
Blaise inquired.
"What's the occasion?"
"Date night with Harry," Ginny replied, putting the three dresses back and looking at some different ones.
"Ah, yes.
Draco's first love," Blaise laughed at Ginny's shocked expression.
"Really?"
Ginny half whispered, taken aback.
Then thought for a moment about how Draco used to chase Harry around, taunting him, vying for his attention before agreeing, "Yeah, I can see that."
"So green is definitely out?"
Blaise said, watching the self-spinning rack before picking out a dress Ginny couldn't see.
"Well," Ginny said, walking over to Blaise with a curious look.
"What did you have in mind?"
Ginny's eyes widened as Blaise showed her an emerald green strapless dress that fanned out over the hips.
Over the dress was a dark green lace cover that wrapped around the arms falling to the middle of the forearms.
It was beautiful and quite sexy.
"I think that for just this once, I will wear green," Ginny smiled, as she grabbed the dress and began walking quickly to the dressing room.
Blaise picked out some green pumps and black pumps and looked at some coats before going into the fitting room.
"Oh, Sweet Circe!
You look stunning," Blaise's eyes widened as he walked into Ginny's stall.
"Are you really supposed to be in here?"
Ginny asked playfully, twirling for him.
"Relax.
It's just me," Blaise moved towards Ginny with the black pumps in his right hand and the green in his left, over his arm was the coat.
"I guessed a seven maybe seven and a half."
Blaise said holding up the pumps.
"You're brilliant," Ginny said.
"But I can't afford…."
"Ah, ah, ah," Blaise said, waving his finger at her.
"I'll get it."
"Now why would you do that?"
Ginny asked with an eyebrow arched.
Nobody gave something for nothing in return.
"Well, you see I have always wanted a little sister to spoil, but mother stopped at perfection," Blaise pointing to himself, and Ginny smirked, rolling her eyes.
"Plus," Blaise said, pausing for a moment.
"I want to know your thoughts on the situation arising between the Head Girl and the Slytherin Brute."
"Goyle?"
Ginny said and Blaise nodded.
"Well, Hermione mentioned she was tutoring him."
"In what?"
Blaise asked, turning around when Ginny twirled her finger, signaling she was about to change.
"School subjects," Ginny said in an obvious tone, and started to remove the dress.
"You know Transfiguration, Arith…" "But nothing," Blaise put the dress on a hanger.
"Physical?'
"Hermione?"
Ginny laughed while pulling her jeans on; knowing that Hermione was a virgin.
"Well, you must notice the heat between them."
Blaise said.
"Everyone does," Ginny scoffed.
"It's just rumors."
No matter what, the rumor mill always churns out new rumors.
Goyle and Hermione were one of many.
It was puzzling why they would be seen studying together, conversing together, smiling at each other.
Merlin, had there been a bit of truth there?
Ginny thought, her eyes widening as she looked at Blaise.
"Exactly, but you and me" Blaise said, pointed at her and then at himself "We're on the inside."
"And?"
Ginny asked with a blank stare, as she pulled her jumper over her head.
"Greg confessed to me that he has a crush on her.
Has Hermione said anything to you?"
Blaise asked, lying about the confession bit, but wanting Ginny's help.
"No.
She hasn't," Ginny admitted, pulling her hair in a ponytail.
"He really said that he has a crush on her?"
"Yes, he's an honest bloke," Blaise shrugged, grabbing the coat and green pumps.
When they arrived at the register, Blaise paid for everything including the dress.
Ginny was a bit taken aback and suggested that she buy him lunch at the Three Broomsticks.
After some Butterbeer and a couple sandwiches, Ginny and Blaise had decided that Hermione and Greg would be good for each other.
They had formed a plan to get the pair together while having a little fun of their own.
They clinked Butterbeer glasses before going back to the castle.
….
The Quidditch match between Slytherin and Hufflepuff was tomorrow.
Slytherin had already played Ravenclaw and won.
Gryffindor had beaten them as well.
Despite what Padma Patil thought, Ravenclaw had no talent this year.
Everyone was waiting for the Gryffindor-Slytherin game, but the threat of snow might keep everyone waiting until spring.
After practice and freshly showered, Greg was standing by the broom shed on the side of the pitch, trying to convince Hermione to fly.
"No, no, no," Hermione was shaking her head while moving away from the brooms.
Ginny, Harry, Ron and almost everyone else had tried to convince her to learn to fly.
Or rather conquer her fear of heights.
"You're tutoring me in Transfiguration, Potions, and Arithmancy.
The least I can do is teach you how to fly," Greg offered, reaching for her hand.
"But, Greg, you're smart and capable of learning those subjects," Hermione said, noticing how Greg blushed when she called him smart.
"I can't do this."
Hermione admitted, somewhat ashamed to admit that she was incapable of flying.
"Of course, you can."
Greg said confidently.
Greg wanted Hermione to feel that she could do anything she set her mind to.
"What if I fall?"
Hermione admitted, disappointed when Greg left to summon a broom.
He straddled it and reached out his hand.
"I would never let you fall, Hermione," Greg said firmly.
Reluctantly, Hermione walked towards him.
"What position do you want me in?"
Hermione asked, speaking about how she should sit on the broom.
However, Greg flushed for a moment, his thoughts becoming a bit dirtier.
Hermione looking at him with a puzzled expression, did she say something wrong?
"In front of me, face forward and just straddle the broom," Greg replied, watching her take a deep breath.
Greg had charmed the broom so that Hermione would feel like she was sitting on a pillow.
Hermione quickly pulled out a hair tie and moved her hair to one side before straddling the broom.
It wouldn't help if Greg became blinded by her curly mane and crashed.
Thanking Merlin, she decided to wear jeans today.
Greg noticed she sat up rigidly straight.
Greg slid forward reaching his right hand to grip the broom in front of her.
Greg placed a firm yet gentle hand on her stomach, pulling her back to his chest.
Greg pressed his lips to the shell of Hermione's ear and whispered, "Relax.
I've got you."
Her vanilla perfume floated around him.
She was so close.
Her soft curvy figure pressed back into the hardness of his chest.
Greg could kiss the sensitive skin of her neck and whisper in exactly which position he wanted her in.
But he didn't instead he found he was willing himself not to get an erection.
Greg felt her shiver and hoped that she felt the electricity between them.
That the heat between them wasn't something concocted in his imagination.
Hermione felt a shiver run though her.
With Greg's lips pressed against the sensitive skin of her ear, Hermione could feel a dampening in her knickers.
No one had ever made her feel this safe on a broom.
Or this aroused.
Being pressed against Greg like this was so intimate.
He was holding her gently yet securely.
Hermione felt a tiny flip in her stomach when Greg kicked off the ground.
She squeezed her eyes closed, clutching at Greg's hand on her stomach and intertwining their fingers, their palms resting against each other.
Hermione placed her right hand under Greg's arm grasping right bicep.
Hermione felt the pure muscle under her soft hands.
She couldn't open her eyes just yet, terrified of looking down.
Hermione's small hand held a death grip on his own hand.
Her knuckles were white, and she was breathing a bit rapidly, but she hadn't screamed yet.
Greg flew them around the Quidditch pitch slowly once and now was about to land.
Hoping that he could convince Hermione to open her eyes if she wanted to go a second time around.
Hermione felt a soft thud and felt Greg let go of the broom in front of him.
"That wasn't so bad," she admitted, opening her eyes.
Greg slid back a bit and Hermione noticed the loss of his heat, letting go of his hand reluctantly.
"Bloody Hell, Granger, you've got a strong grip," Greg laughed, opening and closing his hand a few times.
"Did I hurt you?"
Hermione turned, her concerned face inches from his, noses could almost bump.
She noticed how soft his lips were and his on his upper lip was a tiny scar.
Hermione wondered what it would be like to kiss him.
"Of course not," Greg smirked, and Hermione turned her head quickly, facing forward.
She wanted Greg to hold her again, to feel his large, rough hand in hers once more.
Hermione really wanted nothing more than to hop off the broom and run away.
But she also wanted to fly again, if only for Greg to hold her tightly, once more.
"Can we go again?"
Hermione asked, softly waiting for him for wrap his arms around her.
"I'll try and keep my eyes open this time," she reasoned.
Greg slid forward once more, gripping the broom with his right hand.
Hermione relaxed against his chest.
Greg placed his hand around her waist, pulling her just a bit closer.
Hermione gripped Greg's hand again as he kicked up from the ground.
She willed herself to keep her eyes open but let out a little shriek.
Greg pulled Hermione tighter against his chest, pressing his lips against her the shell of her ear once more.
"You're safe with me.
Just enjoy it," Greg whispered.
Hermione relaxed a bit more, looking around.
She saw the trees of the Forbidden Forest and the Black Lake.
It really was beautiful.
She could see how people would enjoy this, at least when a Quaffle wasn't flying their way.
Greg and Hermione were cheek to cheek.
She felt the stubble on his jaw pressing against the soft curve of hers.
Her chest rising and falling less rapidly than before.
Greg could almost feel how fast her heart was beating.
Hermione's hand was still securely in his.
Greg went around two times then deciding that was enough for today, feet hitting the ground with a soft thud.
"You were brilliant," Greg said softly, not wanting to pull away, but knowing it would seem strange if he didn't.
Hermione reluctantly let go of his hand once more.
When she felt him pull away, a longing entered her body.
"It was all you, Greg," Hermione said, exhaling.
"My legs feel like jello.
I feel exhausted and exhilarated at the same time."
Hermione gave a soft giggle.
"Flying will do that to you," Greg smiled, moving off the broom.
"May I?"
He asked as he extended his arms to her waist.
"Yes," Hermione said, barely of above a whisper while placing arms around his shoulders.
Greg lifted her from the broom as if she weighed nothing, placing her softly on the ground.
Hermione pulled her hands from his neck, slowly bringing them down his shoulders and arms.
Merlin, he was so close.
She could stand her tip toes and kiss him.
Hermione's eyes moved to his lips.
Greg hadn't moved his hands from her waist yet.
When Greg felt her hands slowly slide down his forearms, he let go, hoping to meet her small hands and hold them again.
Hermione's eyes dropped to his lips and Greg was about to lean in when he heard a familiar voice.
"Hermione!"
Ginny shouted.
The red head running happily towards the pair with her bags in hand.
"You flew!"
Unknown to the couple Ginny had watched the whole scene after Blaise had gone back to the Dungeons.
Surprised Hermione flew, but also noticing the electricity between them.
Sweet Circe, Zabini had been right, Ginny thought.
Greg and Hermione both put some space between them.
Hermione felt a bit embarrassed, about to snog her study partner on the quidditch pitch but smiled as Ginny hugged her.
Greg thought about how he had almost kissed Hermione.
If it weren't for the Weasley girl, Greg thought.
Still maybe it was good that his first kiss with Hermione wasn't in front of an audience.
He noticed a few different students gaping at them from the stands and round the pitch.
"Good for you, Goyle," Ginny punched his arm playfully and pointed at Hermione.
"I couldn't get this one on a broom if I begged and I have."
Ginny teased Hermione while winking at Greg "Well you expected me to fly all by myself," Hermione blushed, slightly embarrassed.
Hermione watched as Ginny began talking to Greg about the game tomorrow.
Hermione was happy they were becoming friendly.
It helped with house unity.
Hermione listened as Greg and Ginny discussed that Hufflepuff might have a chance this year.
Hermione had also figured that Harry and Ron wouldn't take too kindly to her friendship with Greg.
Was that what this was?
Hermione asked herself.
Friendship?
Merlin, Hermione had been thinking naughty thoughts about Greg for a while now.
Either way, Ginny could help them understand that Greg's a good guy.
"Well," Ginny sighed.
"Mind if I steal her away?"
Ginny asked, sliding her arm into Hemiones.
Goyle shook his head, walking off.
"Bye," Hermione said with a little smile.
"I'll see you both tomorrow," Greg smiled, walking back to the broom shed.
Once Greg was out of earshot, Ginny began to press her friend for details.
"So, you and Goyle?
You never said," Ginny questioned softly, wiggling her eyebrows.
"I did, Gin.
I told you I'm tutoring him," Hermione declared honestly.
Ginny had noticed the looks Hermione and Greg gave each other in the hall and in classes.
Hermione had mentioned tutoring Greg, but now Ginny could see, without a doubt, that a romance was blossoming.
"That didn't look like tutoring," Ginny teased.
"Merlin when he lifted you off the broom, I thought for sure you two would run off and start shagging."
"GINNY!"
Hermione shouted, eyes widening as Ginny giggled.
Hermione gave her friend an innocent look, but it was true.
Hermione couldn't deny it anymore, especially not after today.
Hermione wanted Greg physically, but the questions remained: Did she just want a shag or more?
Did Greg even want her?
If Greg did, did only just want her physically?
"So Zabini and I were thinking about throwing a party," Ginny mentioned casually.
"For house unity, of course."
"Is that so?"
Hermione said, rolling her eyes.
Hermione had mentioned the idea of a Halloween dance to McGonagall.
Understandably, there were not enough galleons in the school's budget this year.
When Blaise overheard Hermione's idea, well, he never needed an excuse to throw a party.
Obviously, he shared the idea with Ginny at some point.
It was past Halloween, but Blaise and Ginny wouldn't let that stop them.
"Yes," Ginny continued, "Between a select group of students.
Some from Gryffindor, a few from Slytherin, one or two from Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw."
"Does Draco know?"
Hermione asked, happy at how close Blaise and Ginny have become.
It was great for House Unity, but also for Harry and Ron.
Harry had been good, but Ron still needed a bit of help getting over some grudges about Draco.
"Of course," Ginny said.
"However, Blaise and I are trying to think of a good venue since Draco and, I'm assuming, you would be opposed to the Heads Common."
"Yes.
I'm very much opposed."
Hermione admitted.
It was not that she hated parties, but Ginny's parties tended to get a little crazy.
With all the fire whiskeys in their system, people get handsy and she didn't want strangers shagging in her bed.
Or worse one of her friends.
Hermione shuddered at the very thought.
"Anyways.
Anyone you'd like to invite?"
Ginny winked.
"This is all some scheme, isn't it?"
Hermione asked plainly, walking into the Heads Common room with Ginny.
"To get me and Greg together?"
Hermione whispered, unsure of where Blaise and Draco were.
"Of course not.
Parties are always just for fun," Ginny grinned coyly.
She would not reveal anything.
Ginny and Blaise had sworn each other to secrecy at the Three Broomsticks.
… Greg was walked into his bedroom with a smile on his face.
The smile faded when Greg noticed Pansy sitting on his bed.
"I don't know where Draco is," Greg admitted, stepping aside to show Pansy the way out.
"Frankly, it doesn't matter anymore."
"No," Pansy said, standing and reaching for Greg.
"I want you."
Greg looked at her with a puzzled expression.
Clearly this wasn't about Draco and it was rare that Pansy came to him without inquiring about Draco.
Although, it seemed that Pansy had been trying to get his attention for a while now.
"You know what I mean," Pansy said, eyes filled with desire.
Pansy tugged on his large hand, trying to pull him towards her.
Merlin give me strength, Greg thought as he followed her into the classroom, he didn't want to get roped into a physical relationship with Pansy.
Greg was becoming happier spending time with Hermione, happier than he had been in a while.
There was potential there (for Merlin's sake, he had almost kissed her!)
and he didn't want to fuck it up by sleeping with Pansy.
Millie never minded, but Greg was positive that Hermione would disapprove.
Besides Greg wanted something serious with Hermione, not just a casual fling.
Millie was a bit of a commitment-phobe.
Greg thought he'd try to let Pansy down easy.
Pansy had been looking like she was ready to collapse these past two months.
Pansy hopped up on the desk, crooking her finger at Greg.
Trying not to think about Draco.
From a young age, Pansy Parkinson believed she would marry Draco Malfoy.
Half of that belief was instilled in her by her mother; the other half was because Draco was so attractive.
Pansy wanted him, so she followed him around.
Demanding his attention by insulting and tormenting those Draco hated.
She was always ready pleased him with her hands or mouth and allowed him to fuck her anytime he wanted.
Then Draco began retreating and no one knew why.
When Pansy realized Daphne was trying to get information about Draco by sleeping with those closest to him, Pansy tried that too.
Sometimes Crabbe was loose lipped when Pansy would go down on him.
Theo would drop tiny hints about Draco's location.
However, Greg never said anything.
The first time Pansy slept with Greg; she was taken aback.
He was so sweet and gentle.
Crabbe would squeeze her tits till bruises formed while spanking her.
Theo had once called her by that skank, Lavender Brown's name.
Draco had become more distracted and would barely look her in the eye.
Greg would caress her softly and hold her as if he was worried, she would break.
Eager to please her, instead of the other way around.
Pansy helped Greg learn how his fingers, his mouth and his long, thick cock could bring her pleasure, leave her begging and reach places, Draco never did.
Simply because Draco was quick, uncaring.
Crabbe would only take her from behind like an animal.
Greg would use any position she asked for.
When the truth came out after Lucius death that Draco was gay, Pansy was heartbroken.
Her whole life she believed in a lie.
Now coming back to Hogwarts, having to see Draco every day with Blaise, it was at times unbearable.
Pansy craved intimacy, she wanted to feel wanted.
Greg had made Pansy feel wanted.
She knew that he preferred that cow, Millicent.
Greg had seemed so sad until recently.
Could Greg make her happy?
Pansy didn't need a relationship right now, just a brief escape from loneliness.
Pansy began to unbutton her shirt and spread her legs, slowly revealing lacy green bra and knickers.
"No.
Pansy," Greg said, averting his eyes.
Trying to remind himself: he could deal with his arousal on his own.
Pansy wasn't stupid.
She could smell that vanilla perfume.
She'd seen them in the library and in class.
Students had been gossiping about the mismatched pair.
Greg wanted the Head Girl.
Pansy couldn't help it as tears started to fall.
Oh, fuck, Greg thought.
He didn't want to make her to cry.
Greg understood that Pansy was a pureblood princess raised to be a pureblood wife, like his mother.
Pansy always expected she would marry Draco.
Greg didn't know what to say to make her feel better.
Pansy had been shuffling around depressed, unaware that there were still a lot of guys asking about her.
Not only in Slytherin, either.
"You know, Pansy," Greg started, not wanting to get to close to her.
He didn't want Pansy to misinterpret his actions.
"There are plenty of other fish in the sea."
Pansy kept crying.
"Just the other day, Neville Longbottom asked me about you.
Anthony Goldstein, …Errr," Greg was trying to think of more names when he saw Pansy look up.
"Really?"
Pansy asked disbelievingly, brow furrowed.
"Yes," Greg nodded.
"But maybe you should forget about Draco first and focus on yourself for a little while."
Pansy began wiping her eyes and hopped off the desk.
She couldn't believe she lost it in front of Greg, but he was being really nice about it.
Pansy gave Greg a quick and somewhat awkward hug.
Greg had always been good to her.
"The mud…" Pansy stammered, stopping herself.
Unfortunately, old habits die hard.
"Granger wants you," Pansy said, wanting to help him.
Pansy started walking towards the door.
Greg smiled a little.
Has it been so obvious, yet I'm was missing it?
He thought "Really?"
Greg asked, following her out of his room.
Pansy turned and gave Greg a funny look.
"Haven't you noticed," Pansy said, furrowing her brow.
"at your little study dates the way she looks at you?"
Pansy laughed at Greg's stunned expression.
"It's like she's in heat."
Greg took a step back thinking, So it's not all in my head.
Pansy noticed his shocked expression and felt bad for Greg.
He had no confidence when it came to girls.
Because of you and Greengrass, a mean, accusatory little voice in Pansy's head screamed.
"Greg, you're a really good guy," Pansy began, placing her hand on his shoulder.
"You're very sweet and you're very attractive.
Granger will be lucky to have you."
Pansy began to walk towards the common room after seeing Greg smile.
Her ego a bit bruised, but Greg was right.
It was time to get over Draco.
"Thanks, Pansy," Greg waved at her, walking back into his room.
Greg smiled to himself.
Hermione wants me, he thought.
Merlin knows I want her.
But, how do I?
Greg had begun thinking of ways to bring up his feelings to Hermione when Theo walked into Greg's room.
"Hey, Blaise wants us to meet him in his room," Theo said, and Greg followed hi.
hapter 5 Hello lovely readers!
Here is chapter 5.
I hope to have chapter six up soon.
A lot happens in this chapter.
Hope you like it!
Disclaimer: I own nothing.
.
.
Rowling owns all and I'm very pissed about it 😉 "Alright, we're here.
What's this all about?"
Theo said to Blaise, taking a seat next to the fireplace.
Greg chose to take a seat at the desk which was on the opposite side of the small room.
The two friends weren't exactly on friendly terms.
Theo was angry that Greg wasn't helping him earn points with Hermione.
Greg was angry with Theo for more reasons than he could count.
Blaise could feel the tension in the room and chose to ignore it.
"I'm currently planning a little soiree," Blaise said with a mischievous smile, clasping his hands together.
"A soiree or a party?"
Theo asked, grabbing an apple off the coffee table and biting into it.
"Oh alright.
We'll use primitive terms," Blaise smirked at Theo.
"Ginny and I want to throw an exclusive party.
Only a certain number from each house.
Anyone you'd like to invite?"
"The Weasel's sister?"
Theo asked, disbelievingly.
"Will Granger be going?"
Although Hermione was pretty much ignoring Theo, he still wanted to try to get in her pants.
Greg narrowed his eyes at Theo.
Greg was feeling a bit more confident after talking to Pansy.
"Quit beating a dead horse, Theo," Blaise snapped, and Greg couldn't help but chuckle.
"I tried to join your stupid sessions," Theo admitted to Greg, throwing the half-eaten apple into the fire.
"She said no."
Theo didn't understand why Greg wasn't helping him.
They'd been good friends for such a long time.
It's not like Greg's got the brains to keep up with Granger, Theo thought, angrily.
"I would lay off, Theo," Greg said roughly.
"Hermione's getting really annoyed with you."
"What do they say?"
Theo asked, smugly.
"There's a thin line between annoyance and love?"
"It's between love and hate," Draco said walking in and hearing the tail end of the conversation.
"I'd listen to Greg, if I were you, Theo.
If you mess with a lioness, you get the claws."
"Sod off, all of you!"
Theo said, heading for the door.
Before Theo left, he flipped them all the bird.
"He's such a little twat when he doesn't get his way," Draco said, shaking his head.
"What's going on?"
"Blaise and Ginny are throwing a soiree," Greg informed Draco.
"Soiree?
You mean a party?"
Draco asked with an eyebrow arched.
Blaise huffed in annoyance and Greg chortled.
It was never boring being the third wheel to Blaise and Draco, that's for sure.
Blaise began informing his boyfriend of the party he was throwing with Ginny.
Greg asked Blaise to make sure Pansy got an invite.
Meanwhile, Theo headed up to the Heads Dormitory.
Theo was ready to get his shot with Hermione.
He had tried to be patient, but enough was enough.
… Hermione was sitting on the couch in the head dorms working on her potions essay when she heard a knock at the portrait door.
Figuring it was Ginny or that Blaise had forgotten the password (again), Hermione rose to answer, filled with surprise at seeing Theo leaning against the frame.
"Hello, love," Theo said, in a casual tone.
"Draco around?"
Theo knew full well everyone, including Draco, was still in Blaise's room planning that idiotic party.
Theo was ready to get his chance with Hermione uninterrupted by anyone.
"No, I'm not sure where he's gone," Hermione said, as Theo pushed past her, making himself at home on the armchair.
Please, do come in, Hermione thought, curling her lip while closing the portrait door.
Hermione had noticed that Theo's arrogance rivaled Draco's when the blonde was at his worst.
Hermione put her hand in the pocket of her sweater, feeling for her wand, just in case.
"Do you mind if I wait?"
Theo asked, putting his feet up on the coffee table.
"It's kind of important."
"Sure," Hermione said, sitting down on the couch and picking up her essay.
Hermione did not feel like playing hostess right now.
"Apples," Theo laughed, pointing at the bowl on the coffee table.
"You can definitely tell Draco lives here."
"Hum," Hermione mumbled nodding while looking at her textbook.
Theo kept trying to get her attention by tousling his hair and stretching, wanting her to check out his physique.
Theo may not be a Quidditch player, but he looked after himself.
Hermione wasn't biting though.
"You know, I have always admired you, Hermione," Theo said, purring the Head Girls name.
"You're so brave, beautiful, and smart."
"Thank you," Hermione stated plainly as she continued to jot down some notes.
Hermione had gone against her better judgement by not kicking Theo's annoying arse out of the Heads Dormitory the second he stepped inside.
Of course, Theo was not discouraged.
"You know, I'd love a cup of tea," Theo said, smiling when Hermione looked up at him.
"Well the kitchens are open," Hermione smiled, before returning to her book.
"I'm sure the elves wouldn't mind…" "Well, you know, Draco mentioned that you have a kitchenette here," Theo argues.
"If it's not too much trouble…" Hermione huffed and went up to the little bookcase by the fireplace.
She pulled out a blue book that read "Kitchen" on the binding and the kitchenette appeared.
A fridge, an oven, a sink, and a coffee machine.
It was nothing fancy, but it was good for a quick snack.
Hermione started the kettle and she felt Theo come up behind her.
Greg said Hermione would not open her legs over some flowery words.
Well, fine then.
Theo thought.
If Hermione wants the boyfriend experience, I'll oblige.
"Sometimes I'm ashamed of myself," Theo began, coming up behind her.
"I'm such a skirt chaser.
Truth is I'm just afraid of getting hurt.
Sometimes I think I just haven't found the right girl."
Theo grabbed Hermione's waist and shoulder spinning her to face him.
Before Theo could finish by saying, "But I think you are the right girl," Hermione had hit him with a stinging jinx and sent him flying across the room.
It wasn't Theo that bothered her.
Hermione figured Theo was going to try something.
She knew Theo wanted to mark her as another notch in his belt.
It was the way he had grabbed her shoulder and waist to spin her towards him.
For a split second, Hermione saw Bellatrix Lestrange instead of Theo trying to kiss her.
It brought back those horrible memories of the suffering she endured at Malfoy Manner.
Only when the boy was writhing on the ground in pain from the stinging jinx and hex, did Hermione see Theo and not Bellatrix.
Hermione levitated him out of the Common Room and sent Ginny a message immediately.
….. Draco, Blaise, and Greg were on their way to the Great Hall for dinner when Theo, at least they thought it was Theo walked by.
Theo had large, red boils all over his face, most of which were leaking pus, his lips were swelled to the size of sausages, and his hands were so small they looked as if they belonged to an elf.
"Oi, Nott, what happened to you?"
Harper yelled, from the behind the Head Boy and a bunch of students started laughing.
"Nun oth yer bushnush," Theo muttered, his speech stuttered and tongue hanging out as he walked past them to the hospital wing.
"It's like I said," Draco began, chuckling a bit.
"If you mess with the lioness, you get the claws."
"Are you saying Hermione did that?"
Greg asked.
A million thoughts began racing through his mind.
The main thought was: What did Theo do that Hermione had to defend herself by hexing him so badly?
"Oh definitely," Draco said, shaking his head.
"Theo must have pushed the wrong button."
"You don't think he tried to force himself on her?"
Greg asked running up the stairs to the Head Dormitories.
Knocking a few students out of the way and leaving behind Draco and Blaise "Greg come back," Blaise shouted, but it was no use.
Greg was out of earshot.
"What is all that about?"
Draco looked confused, holding Blaise's hand in his.
"They're friends," Blaise shrugged, lacing his fingers through Draco's.
"Come on.
Let's go to the kitchens we'll get some food to bring up."
"Damn, Granger knows some nasty hexes," Draco sighed, shook his head.
"Remind me to never seriously piss her off."
Blaise smiled as he greeted the house elves, seeking out Flopsie who was good friends with Hermione.
Flopsie wore a colorfully knitted hat to prove it.
Blaise explained that Hermione wouldn't be able to come to dinner and Flopsie ran to prepare Hermione's favorites.
Since most of the house elves were now paid employees, the elves now happily wore Hermione's hand knitted multi-colored socks, hats, or shirts.
"Flopsie bring up for Miss.
Herminny," the little elf said in her squeaky voice.
"Tell Miss Herminny nots to worry.
Flopsie makes Misses favorites.
Miss Herminny good to Flopsie."
Blaise and Draco walked slowly back to the Heads Dorms.
… Greg knocked on the Heads Dorms.
Greg's mind had gone a little wild with worry when he thought Hermione was in danger.
From the looks of Theo, Hermione defended herself incredibly well, but what if something terrible happened to her?
If Theo hurt Hermione in anyway, Greg thought.
Greg knew that Theo was a horn dog, but he wasn't a rapist.
"Oh, hey Goyle," Ginny opened the portrait door and let Greg inside.
Greg saw Hermione curled up on the sofa, unharmed.
"Hey," Hermione said, perking up when she saw Greg.
Her eyes widened, however, when Greg kneeled in front of her, touching her face gently.
"What are you doing?"
Hermione inquired, brow furrowing.
It was as if Greg was inspecting Hermione for any signs of damage.
"Are you alright?"
Greg asked nervously.
"I saw Theo.
He didn't hurt you did, he?
That wanker."
Greg's voice sounded soft and tender despite the anger bubbling inside of him.
His hands, although, roughened from Quidditch moved softly over her cheek and neck.
Hermione's hair was pulled back and Greg noticed the tiny horizontal scar across her neck.
How did that get there?
Greg thought.
Ginny took in the sight and smiled, sharing a warm look with Hermione.
He really does care for her, Ginny thought.
Ginny couldn't help but check out Greg's arse when he leaned closer to Hermione.
Ginny bit her lip and turned away.
Sweet Merlin, Ginny thought.
He's got the kind of arse you want to dig your fingernails into while he's thrusting into you.
Date night with Harry couldn't come soon enough for Ginny!
"No," Hermione smiled softly, touched that Greg cared so much.
With Greg's face so close to her once again, she noticed another tiny scar on his left eyebrow.
Merlin, he has so many, Hermione thought.
"I was just telling Ginny.
Theo just showed up saying he was waiting for Draco.
Then he asked for a cup of tea and I put the kettle on.
He came up behind me and I hexed him," Hermione explained.
"But nothing else?"
Greg asked, holding Hermione's wrists gently, looking for bruises.
"If he tried anything…" Greg dropped his head down, this routine of inspecting for bruises was too familiar.
Greg had to do this with his mother all the time when his father was still alive.
Greg's mum would always stop him from charging at his father.
"No, that's all," Hermione said, she felt Greg pull away, not physically, but emotionally.
Hermione decided to leave out that Theo had spun her around and tried to kiss her.
Hermione looked at Ginny and Ginny smiled at her, shrugging.
The portrait swung open and Draco and Blaise entered.
Greg stood up slowly and sat in the armchair opposite Hermione.
Hermione felt his absence like a pain inside her.
"Man, Granger," Draco started, putting his thumbs up.
"You have got to teach me that hex!"
"Don't do it," Blaise cautioned.
"He'll only use it on the prefects."
A bit surprised at how close Hermione and Greg were before Greg sat down, Blaise looked at Ginny.
The redhead wiggled her eyebrows.
"Well, then I will never teach him," Hermione laughed.
"Besides, his temper is worse than any hex on the planet."
"That is the absolute truth," Greg said, laughing and shuddering at the same time.
"Fuck off!"
Draco yelled.
"I'm not that bad."
Everyone cracked up at this.
Draco was literally proving how bad his temper was.
"Hello, my sweet sister," Blaise said between fits of laughter, tugging gently on Ginny's ponytail and Ginny flicked Blaise's nose.
The last thing Ginny wanted was another brother, but she didn't mind Blaise so much.
Draco sat next to Hermione asking her to tell him and Blaise what happened.
When Hermione finished, Draco found the situation kind of odd.
"You hexed him for just coming up behind you?"
Draco asked, confused.
"He invaded her personal space bubble," Ginny said, smacking the Head Boy in the back of the head.
"Plus, he's a gigolo."
Ginny knew about Theo trying to kiss Hermione and thought it was smart that Hermione left the detail out.
Besides, a woman never needed a reason to defend herself against a douchey guy.
Plus, Greg would have charged after Theo.
Hell, even Ginny wanted to hit him with a Bat Boogey Hex.
"Watch it, She-Weasel," Draco shouted, rubbing the back of his head.
"Don't call her that," Hermione and Blaise yelled in unison.
Hermione gave Blaise a proud smile for defending Ginny.
"Relax, Draco."
Greg said, rolling his eyes.
"How is YOU head boy?
So temperamental!"
"Gigolo," Hermione giggled, and Ginny shot Hermione a look that said: Don't you dare tell them!
When Ginny called Theo a "gigolo," a little voice in Hermione's head began laughing Yes, he conquered you too, didn't he?
Ginny had told Hermione the morning after it happened.
Ginny was in fifth year at the time, Hermione in sixth.
Dean wasn't satisfying Ginny, Harry hadn't taken interest yet, and the rest is history.
The only detail Hermione could remember Ginny saying was, "Merlin, Hermione, the length of his cock tests your gag reflex worse than runny eggs on the morning of a hangover!"
Flopsie and several other elves apparated into the room with a loud crack and the group jumped.
Each elf was carrying a large tray of different foods and wearing colorful hats and socks.
One elf had some meat pies, another had roast chicken, another carried a mountain of mashed potatoes, another roast carrots and broccoli.
One final tray was filled with deserts, including Sugar Quills (Hermione's favorite).
One elf carried two pitchers of pumpkin juice.
Another carried a pot of coffee and a pot of tea.
"For Miss Herminny," Flopsie said, as all the elves placed the food on the coffee table and desk.
"I ordered dinner for all of us," Blaise explained.
"I figured we would miss it."
"Thank you, Blaise.
That was very sweet of you," Hermione smiled at Blaise.
"Thank you Flopsie.
This is an absolute feast.
Special thanks for the Sugar Quills!"
"No trouble, Miss Herminny, Flopsie said smiling.
The little elf snapped her fingers transforming the coffee-table into a round dining table.
The sofa and arms chairs transformed to chairs while the group was still sitting "Flopsie hopes Miss feels better.
Whens all the Master's and Misses all stand togethers the commons room returns normal."
With that, the elves left with a loud crack.
"Sorry," Draco mumbled to Ginny.
"No problem," Ginny said, grabbing a plate and sliding closer to Hermione.
"Wanker," Ginny whispered, and Hermione giggled.
The group tucked into their food and began talking about their day.
Ginny and Blaise regaled the group with Ginny's dress shopping.
Blaise made fun of the bright yellow dress and Ginny tried poorly to defend her choice.
Hermione smiled at Greg as she talked about their flying lesson.
Greg teased Hermione about the crushed bones in his hand.
Ginny teased Draco about his crush on her boyfriend, Harry.
Hermione was shocked to find out Draco had a crush on Harry.
Hermione smiled at everyone eating their dessert.
It's like we're a group of old friends, Hermione thought to herself happily.
As opposed to former enemies.
The atmosphere was so easy and fun.
The room was filled with laughter.
Hermione couldn't help glancing at Greg, every now and then, a small blush appearing.
It was sweet how much Greg had worried about her, but troubling that he was ready to beat Theo up.
Of course, if Harry and Ron were here, they would have hexed Theo.
Well, Harry would have.
Ron probably would have beaten him up as well.
Merlin, Greg looks sexier when he has five o'clock shadow, she thought.
Hermione could help but remember how Greg examined her.
The delicate touch of his rough fingers, the feel of his sweet, spearmint breath on her face, the way his voice sounded so soft, but sexy in her ear, much like at the flying lesson.
Would his voice sound like that while we were snogging or…...?
Greg eyes caught hers and she looked away quickly.
Hermione could feel a blush on her cheeks and she shook away the naughty thoughts.
Hermione's eyes fell on Blaise and saw that Blaise was staring at her, giving her a knowing smile.
Hermione blushed a bit.
Had she been staring at Greg for too long?
Was her attraction so easily spotted?
Or was Blaise thinking that she was dumb for sneaking glances at Greg because he's with Pansy?
But if Greg was dating Pansy, why did he rush up here?
Were they just friends with benefits?
Or was Greg still in love with Millicent which made him a lost cause?
"You okay?"
Ginny said, noticing Hermione retreating a bit.
Ginny reached for Hermione's hand under the table.
"Yeah," Hermione said, looking at her watch which read 8:30.
"I'm just tired.
I'll see you all tomorrow," Hermione stood and began climbing the stairs up to her room.
"Bye," Greg said, softly.
Greg was worried, hoping that Hermione was telling the truth, that Theo had really had just snuck up behind her.
By the looks of it, Theo would never try to make a move on Hermione again.
However, Greg would still make sure of that Theo knew Hermione was off limits.
Despite his worries, Greg was happy because he felt and noticed Hermione looking at him with her eyes filled with desire before she looked away, almost guiltily it seemed.
Pansy was right, she did want him.
At least, physically.
Now that Greg realized it for himself, what should he do?
He'd never seriously dated anyone.
Draco's voice pulled him from his thoughts.
"Greg, I know you're not technically a prefect, but."
Draco began.
"But I don't think Hermione should patrol with me tonight.
I'm not about to ask one of those tosser prefects!"
"So patient, so caring with the younger students," Blaise laughed as Draco playfully wacked his boyfriends' shoulder.
"I'm patient and caring with those that matter to me," Draco corrected, capturing Blaise's lips for a meaningful kiss.
"Don't start anything you can't finish," Ginny teased the couple before informing Greg.
"I could patrol with Malfoy, but I'll stay with Hermione tonight.
I highly doubt she'll want to be alone."
Blaise began shooing the two boys towards the door.
Greg and Draco walked towards the portrait.
Greg would have slept on the sofa the whole night, if Hermione had asked him to.
Greg hoped that Hermione still felt safe with him.
If Theo ever tried anything like that again, Greg would knock his teeth out in a heartbeat.
….. Hermione came out of her bathroom dressed in her comfiest pajamas while Ginny went in to take a shower.
Hermione began letting her mind wander over the day.
Apart from Theo, the day had been incredible.
The amazing dinner with friends, the flying lesson.
Merlin, Hermione was in trouble though.
Greg had caught Hermione staring at him while she was thinking about the two of them together!
She had to sort out her feelings for Greg and find a way to deal with her attraction/arousal.
Hermione liked Greg.
He was sweet, kind, and always respectful.
The brunette could have conversations with him and study with him without fear he was just using her to copy from.
Greg always came up with his own work once he learned the material.
Aside from the tutoring though, Hermione felt wonderful when she was around Greg.
He'd made her feel happy and secure, like the way he looked over her today.
Hermione had the distinct feeling that Greg would never let anyone harm her, just like when they flew.
Hermione trusted that Greg would never let her fall.
Hermione was used to protecting and taking care of not only herself, but of Ron and Harry as well.
Ron and Harry had said it themselves; they would not have made it through the war without her.
For once, it felt nice to have Greg protect and take care of her.
None of this mattered though if Greg was with Pansy.
Hermione was not a boyfriend stealer and did not want anymore drama this year!
Hermione came to a decision.
She was going to stop being a coward and ask Blaise about the situation with Pansy and Millicent.
Ginny came out and dressed in the pajamas Hermione had lent her.
Ginny noticed Hermione wore the same face when translating Ancient Runes.
"Deep in thought, are we?"
Ginny teased, climbing into the bed.
Hermione blushed.
You can tell me anything, you know," Ginny said, seriously "If you like Greg, but you're worried or.." "I'm just afraid that you'll think I'm crazy or stupid or both," Hermione said, softly.
Hermione began explaining what she had heard Blaise and Draco discussing the night Hermione had agreed to tutor Greg.
Hermione, then, began telling Ginny how conflicted she felt by having these sexy thoughts about Greg, but not knowing whether he was single or not.
"Have you ever thought about just straight up asking Greg?"
Ginny asked.
"It might be easier."
"I'm afraid of being rejected," Hermione stated.
"And then having to sit next to him two to three times a week."
"I understand completely," Ginny reassured her friend.
"But you have to take a chance sometime."
"I know Blaise knows everything," Hermione said.
"Yes, and Blaise can tell you everything!"
Hermione and Ginny heard Blaise's muffled voice through the locked door.
"Hey!"
Hermione said, as Ginny laughed, and Blaise opened the door.
"You were spying."
"I'm in Slytherin," Blaise said as he hopped on the bed.
"You shouldn't be surprised."
"You always know just when to show up," Ginny teased, referring to shopping earlier today.
"Don't you?"
"Without me, sweetheart," Blaise said, smugly.
"You would look like a redhaired banana."
"Can we get back to my problem now?"
Hermione laughed.
"Not that I don't love this witty banter."
Ginny and Hermione waited anxiously for Blaise to begin.
"It all started with Draco and me.
In sixth year, we had to keep our whole relationship a secret.
If Lucius found out, I don't even want to think about what would have transpired," Blaise shook his head and cleared his throat.
"Draco had his reputation as the "Slytherin Sex King" to uphold.
Draco was less interested in having sex with women, but he kept sleeping with Pansy, Daphne, and a few others, just so nothing seemed suspicious.
"Apparently, Draco's relationships were frequent enough," Blaise continued.
"And when Draco was with me, Vince and Greg were covering for us.
They gave false information or no information to the girls who were seeking Draco.
Mainly Pansy, Daphne, I think your friend Lavender Brown, and possibly Astoria and Parvarti."
Hermione sat listening to Blaise's story, not exactly liking where this was going, but felt incredibly sad for Blaise and even worse for Draco.
Hermione couldn't even imagine how terrible it must have been for Draco and Blaise, living in fear every day that they might be found out.
Hermione knew Lucius was a sick man.
No son should fear his father in such a manner.
No one should be forced to hide who they are or who they love.
Hermione and Ginny could only imagine how painful it must have been for Blaise to know that the man he loved was having sex with other people.
Hermione couldn't imagine how Draco must have forcing himself to have sex with girls just to stay safe.
It was all so very wrong.
"Anyways these girls began to think of different ways to get Vince and Greg to talk.
One of the ways that became popular was to trade sexual favors," Blaise said, looking to gauge the girl's reaction.
Hermione looked disgusted.
Ginny looked surprised and eager to know more.
"Have they no respect for themselves?"
Hermione inquired; nose wrinkled.
"So, Greg and Vince…they were using them as prostitutes and the payment was secrets?"
Ginny asked, eyes wide, voice full of shock and intrigue.
"Not exactly," Blaise said, wanting to make sure Hermione understood.
"Vince could be very loose-lipped, but it was false information.
Vince made those poor girls earn it, especially Pansy.
I still feel bad for her."
Blaise shuddered a bit.
"Pansy was an innocent girl caught in the middle."
"What do you mean?"
Ginny asked, not understanding.
"Don't you remember?"
Hermione asked Ginny.
"The Yule Ball invitation?
Pansy had turned Vince down in the Great Hall in front of everyone!"
"That's right!"
Ginny began.
"I remember she had said, "I would go with you, but bulldogs aren't allowed to go to the ball."
"That was cruel," Hermione admitted sadly.
"Even for Pansy."
"Apart from that," Blaise explained.
"Pansy wanted to be the next Lady Malfoy.
She was basically groomed for it from birth by her mother.
Besides that, she was and still is in love with Draco.
At the time, she would've done anything to understand why Draco had turned away from her."
"That's difficult," Ginny said.
The red head could understand Pansy's situation.
There were several times when Ginny was heartbroken because Harry wouldn't give her the time of day.
Ginny became sort of desperate to make Harry jealous to notice her (and it worked).
On the other hand, Hermione suddenly felt a surge of sympathy for the girl that used to torment her.
Pansy was always mean and vile to her, but Hermione could understand, after pining for Ron for so long, what it was like for someone you think you love to ignore you.
"Daphne wanted to be with Draco, as well."
Blaise confessed.
"To Daphne, Draco was a real catch.
Mr. Greengrass has a serious gambling addiction, squandered away most of the Greengrass fortune.
If Daphne could land Draco as a husband, all her money troubles would disappear.
"Anyways, once Daphne and Pansy realized that they were being given false information, they tried their charms on Greg," Blaise said.
"It didn't work.
Greg never gave any information.
I think Greg still has a strong disgust for Daphne.
Daphne made Greg think she wanted him, but Greg realized that she was using him to get to Draco.
Believe me, that stung because Daphne was the first girl to show interest in him."
"That's so sad," Hermione said.
She was disgusted by the all this new information, unsure how to proceed.
Uncertain whether she wanted to get involved with someone who had a background of basically prostitution.
"So, Are Greg and Pansy together now?"
"No," Blaise answered, happy that Hermione is still curious after all.
"Greg and Pansy aren't together.
Greg isn't interested.
Pansy may have feelings for Greg, but ultimately just wants to use him to get over Draco."
"And Millicent?"
Hermione asked.
Hermione couldn't explain it, but the fact that Pansy and Greg weren't together made left her feeling relieved.
"Well, I know Greg loved her," Blaise said.
"They weren't exclusive at the time because Millie wouldn't agree to be Greg's girlfriend.
He had asked her so many times.
If Millie was still alive, they would be together now, I'm sure of it."
Blaise looked down sadly.
"Merlin," Ginny sighed, stunned.
"What is it with Slytherin House?"
"Gryffindors have their secrets and issues too," Hermione concluded.
"I'm sure of it.
Although, this is by far the weirdest situation I've ever heard of."
Ginny nodded in agreement as Blaise began studying Hermione's different reactions.
"Listen, Hermione," Blaise began, putting his hand in hers.
"I understand if this changes how you feel about Greg.
And if it doesn't, well, that's wonderful."
Blaise paused.
He didn't want to sound mean when he spoke this next part.
Blaise was very protective of his friends.
"I just…please…whatever you do," Blaise stammered a bit, trying to pick his words carefully.
He did not want to sound harsh, "Please don't hurt my friend.
I told you Pansy was caught in the middle.
Well, so was Greg."
"Just put in a different position," Ginny nodded, looking at Hermione with a serious expression.
"Exactly," Blaise agreed, smiling at the red head he'd adopted as a sister.
"This has been the most intense day I've experienced in a long time," Hermione exhaled.
Hermione took in Blaise's story.
It was without a doubt the strangest story she'd heard in a while.
Part of her didn't want to believe it was true.
"First the flying lesson, then Theo, now this."
"I want all the details of the flying lesson," Blaise said, giving Hermione a look of intense curiosity.
"Tomorrow, Blaise," Hermione yawned.
"It's too late for me."
Blaise shrugged and walked out of the room a bit disappointed, just in time to see his boyfriend return.
Ginny used her want to turn of the lights as the two girls climbed under the covers.
Hermione was without a doubt ready for bed.
Ginny was still in the mood to talk but would ask just one final question.
"Well, what do you feel now?"
Ginny asked the head girl.
It took a minute for the older girl to respond.
Hermione closed her eyes, taking a deep breath and exhaling.
"I still want him," Hermione whispered to her friend.
"I knew it," Ginny smiled, turning onto her, facing away from Hermione.
"And I'm very happy about to hear it."
"Good night, Gin," Hermione smiled in the air.
The things Hermione had learned tonight were crazy, insane, and unbelievable.
But it didn't put an end to the fire within Hermione's heart, the want she felt for Greg.
If Hermione had trusted Greg, not to let her fall off the broom, the how could she not trust him with her heart?Chapter 6 Hello readers!
Yes, this is a short chapter, but explains the relationship between Greg and Millie from Gregs point of view.
Disclaimer: .
.
Rowling is the goddess who owns Harry Potter….
not me.
Greg returned to his room after patrolling with Draco.
Sometimes Greg wished he was a prefect, but in the end was thankful he didn't make the cut.
It was a bit maddening to patrol the halls, catching idiotic students doing dumb things, and having to get glares from Filch.
Poor Mrs. Norris had finally kicked the bucket but Filch had gotten a replacement.
Mr. Norris was just as bad as the Mrs had been.
It felt good to know that Hermione was checking him out all this time, but it brought up a lot of feelings as well.
Greg had never dated anyone.
He had tried to become serious with Millie, but she refused.
Greg couldn't help but remember that time.
Greg pulled a letter Millie had written him before she died from his bedside table and began thinking back to the previous year.
Greg's flashback: The Slytherin common room was alive with loud lights and music.
It looked more like a Christmas-themed night club than a common room.
Even the Carrows couldn't stop the Christmas cheer, at least not in the favored Slytherin House.
Headmaster Snape seemed to stop caring about Slytherin, so the house had gotten away with anything and everything.
Greg walked through the loud, blaring makeshift dancefloor towards the couches.
A couple of girls had been following Greg and Vince around.
Greg paid them no mind, he was only looking for one girl, Millicent Bullstrode.
He saw Millie sitting on the couch in a bright long sleeved red dress which showed off her ample bust, complimented her skin tone and dark hair.
To Greg, she looked beautiful.
"Aren't you supposed to be fending off Greengrass?"
Millie asked, when Greg approached her.
Draco had thrown this huge Christmas party, but was not attending.
No one could find him or Blaise.
"She's getting closer, you know, to figuring it out."
"Can we speak in private?"
Greg asked, as Millie rolled her eyes and knocked back another shot of firewhiskey.
"You know Crabbe and Theo aren't as quiet as you," Millie laughed, following Greg into the boy's dormitory and sitting on Greg's bed.
"They lie, but you should have seen the bruises Vince gave Pansy this past weekend.
Just for Draco's location."
Greg's jaw hardened and he shook his head.
Fucking Vince, Greg thought.
Greg knew Vince had always hated Pansy.
In fourth year, Vince had worked up the courage to ask Pansy to the Yule Ball, Pansy rejected him in the cruelest way possible.
When Vince asked, Pansy told him she would think about it, only to reject him publicly later.
Pansy made cracks about how Vince was of a lesser, canine-like intelligence.
Draco had gotten a big kick out of it, but now Vince had a reason to take his hatred out on Pansy.
"That's why she's not hounding you right now," Millie explained.
"Doesn't want anyone to see, especially you.
Knows you'd kick Vince's arse.
I don't think she'd tell Lucius if she knew, do you?"
"I don't want to talk about Daphne or Pansy right now," Greg said, a bit sternly.
"I sure as fuck don't want to talk about Vince.
I'll deal with him later."
Millie gave Greg a blank stare, before looking away.
Here it comes, she thought.
"I want to talk about us," Greg said.
"Be my girlfriend.
To hell with the rest of them."
Greg could hear Millie's annoyed sigh.
"I want you," Greg sat down next to Millie.
"Just you."
Millie didn't react and she wouldn't look at him.
There were a few tears brimming in her eyes, but she would not let them fall.
Millie wished the Dungeons weren't a basement so she could look out the window and distract herself.
Millie wanted somewhere to focus her attention, anywhere but Greg.
"It's getting crazy out there, but it's our fathers war.
Not ours," Greg tried to explain.
"And sometimes I just…I dream of running away.
Grab my mother and just go somewhere."
Greg sighed.
"But when I think about running away, I can't picture a future without you in it."
"Sometimes I really wish I didn't," Millie began, voice shaking.
"Come find you that night.
I told you I just need a friend.
Just fuck me when I ask you to and forget the rest."
Millie went to stand, but Greg grabbed her hand.
"You're just scared, Millie," said Greg.
"Of what?
I don't know, but I wish you'd tell me."
Greg released her hand and Millie walked away.
Greg felt empty and Millicent was exhausted.
….
Over the Christmas Holiday, Greg had written Millie three letters.
None of which she responded to.
Greg had taken his mother and moved out of Goyle Manor.
They had taken shelter with Blaise and his mother.
Greg had refused to take the Dark Mark no matter what his father had threatened to do.
Voldemort had claimed that because Goyle Senior could not keep his household in order to control his son and wife to become followers.
Voldemort felt he did not need weakness and disappointment in his ranks and killed Goyle Senior.
The villain had made an example out of Goyle's father.
When the holiday was over, some students did not return.
Millie was one of them.
After two months without Millie, Greg wrote her one final letter.
It was long and heartfelt, begging Millie to confide in him, to let him love her and take care of her.
Greg asked Millie to meet him anywhere.
Greg was staring out the window of a third floor classroom, waiting when he'd heard a soft, feminine voice, "What do I have to do to get a letter like this?"
Greg turned to see Daphne holding up the letter he had written to Millie.
The only time Greg couldn't hate Daphne was when she went down on him or when they had sex.
Any other time, Greg couldn't stand the sight of her.
He wasn't cruel to Daphne, just preferred not to be in the presence of the uptight blonde girl.
Since they hadn't been physical in a long time, there was no reason to be around each other.
"Where did you get that?"
Greg asked, brokenheartedly.
Greg took the note from Daphne's hand and walked back to the window.
It was clearly opened.
"It appeared on your bed.
Don't know how," Daphne smiled at Greg's frown.
"Just be happy I found it and not Pansy.
Pansy would have scratched your girlfriends' eyes out…if Bullstrode were still here.
I think Pansy wants you all to herself."
Daphne walked towards Greg.
"Let me guess," Daphne whispered, in Greg's ear.
"Pansy hardly ever asks about Draco when she comes to you, does she?"
"Do you know where Millie is?"
Greg asked, in a very no-nonsense tone.
Greg wanted to ask how Daphne had gotten into the boys' dormitories but didn't really care.
"But you've stopped fucking Pansy, haven't you?"
Daphne said, eyebrow arched.
"Does it not work anymore?"
The blonde girl pointed to Greg's crotch.
"I don't want to make someone think I care about them," Greg said, in an ice-cold tone.
"when I don't."
"You can't forgive me, can you?"
Daphne said, solemnly.
"It wasn't personal.
If Draco had just…never mind…" Daphne paused, swallowing hard.
By this time, Daphne had figured it out.
The blonde noticed that when Draco disappeared so did Blaise.
Unlike Pansy, Daphne could put two and two together.
Or maybe, unlike Pansy, Daphne just wasn't in denial.
Greg had walked off to the Great Hall for lunch when his owl had delivered a letter from Millicent.
Dear Greg, I've been such a coward.
I couldn't bring myself to read any of your letters.
I would say I was sorry to hear about your dad, but I know you are relieved.
You were right when you said that this isn't our war, it's our fathers.
We all just want it to be over with, but its too late for me.
Before Christmas I took the Dark Mark to protect my father.
That's why I couldn't align myself with you.
If I were a so-called disappointment like you, they would have killed him.
I couldn't let that happen.
You've always been stronger than me.
It's so unfortunate that being in Slytherin automatically gives you daddy issues.
We're all just the product of a fucked-up ideology that's led to inbreeding and hatred.
You-Know-Who is not going to win.
Potter's getting closer to defeating him.
I know I'm not going to survive this war.
If my father doesn't kill me, then You-Know-Who will.
I'm already terrible at being a follower.
If things were different, if we lived in a different time, a different place, or whatever, I would have run away with you.
I love you.
I have for a while now, but I knew I couldn't commit to you.
Not without putting you in danger.
If I do survive and if you'll still have me, I'll find you.
Love, Millie.
Present: Greg folded the letter and put it back in his desk.
The letter was beginning to rip in places, from being read so many times.
There were places where the letters had blurred from tears.
Millie was right: You Know Who lost, and Potter won.
She was right about something else too.
Millie was killed by her father.
After Voldemort had made his "Harry Potter is dead" speech, and Potter had jumped out of Hagrid's arms proving he was still alive, Millie had tried to run and Bullstrode had killed her.
It was all so ironic to Greg.
Greg had the summer to cope with losing both Vince and Millie.
He had gone through a terrible depression, until Hermione had approached him, until Hermione agreed to tutor him.
They'd become close now.
It's not that Greg had forgotten Millie; Millie would always be his first love.
It's that now Greg was falling in love with Hermione.
He knew Hermione wanted him physically.
Greg just hoped that Hermione was falling in love him as wel.
hapter 7 Hello Lovely Readers!
I am so sorry for the delay on this chapter.
College started up again the last week of august and it's been a whirlwind.
From now on, I hope to update weekly!
Anyways, I hope you like this chapter.
Disclaimer: JK Rowling owns everything….I own nothing ….
Greg heard the cheers of the crowd as he flew around the Quidditch pitch.
The quaffle came flying towards him and he knocked it into space.
It almost hit the Ravenclaw chaser in the head on its way out of the pitch.
This wasn't a game.
It was a blood bath.
Ravenclaw had no talent this year and they were putting up a weak fight.
Throughout the game, Greg's eye kept searching through the cloud for a head of windblown chestnut curls belonging to the Head Girl.
Greg saw Blaise in the stands cheering with a much-battered looking Theo.
Madame Pompfrey had assured Theo that the marks covering his face, which looked something akin to acne scars would disappear within two to three days.
However, neither Ginny nor Hermione were anywhere to be seen.
It was rare for Ginny to miss a Quidditch match.
Hermione?
Well, it was understandable.
Ginny always cheered and looked for weak spots.
She could really play professionally.
Now that Theo was out of the picture and Greg knew that Hermione wanted him, Greg decided that it was time to try to woo Hermione.
Greg wanted something serious with Hermione, not just a fling.
He was hoping that Hermione wanted something serious as well.
Greg was at a loss of how to begin his seduction.
The Slytherin Beater knew he had never been good with words.
Maybe it was better to show rather than tell with some romantic gestures.
Maybe he could write her a love letter, but Greg wasn't exactly in love yet, more near love.
Greg wished he didn't have detention this week.
There wouldn't be a lot of time to spend with Hermione outside of the few classes they shared.
He'd have to cancel their tutoring sessions for this week.
Unless, he could think of something else.
There was Blaise and Ginny's party.
He could ask her to go with him.
Although Blaise and Ginny hadn't set a date yet.
He could ask Hermione to go to Hogsmeade with him.
A Hogsmeade date felt so juvenile though.
Greg realized his mind was drifting when a bludger almost flew into his head.
He quickly raised his beaters bat and hit it, sending it flying out of the pitch.
Not long after, Draco had caught the snitch to many cheers.
Most students were just happy the unfair game was over.
Greg landed in the middle of the pitch and headed towards the locker room.
With the game over, his mind focused completely on wooing his Gryffindor Princess.
Girls like flowers, Greg thought.
Right?
Draco was complaining about Cho Chang.
Only Draco would be annoyed at such an easy victory.
Greg began to pull his jersey off, absent mindedly looking over his shoulder to see Harper sneaking a sixth year Slytherin girl into the locker room.
The pair headed towards the showers to celebrate.
Wanker, Greg thought.
Still, Greg knew he wouldn't mind it if Hermione was here celebrating Slytherin's easiest victory over Ravenclaw with him.
If Greg closed his eyes, he could picture Hermione on her knees in front of him.
Smiling sweetly up at him as her small hand stroked his cock.
Her pink tongue reaching out to lick the tip.
Greg quickly put a towel around his waist to hide his growing erection, heading towards the shower stall.
….. Hermione awoke to the sound of distant cheering.
Looking at her muggle alarm clock, Hermione saw that it was almost one in the afternoon.
Merlin, she had never slept this late.
Of course, after yesterday, Hermione needed it.
Hermione looked at the left side of the bed, noticing it was empty.
Hermione was certain that Ginny had gone to the match without her until she heard some clanking.
Looking to the door, the brunette saw her friend walk in levitating a tray of sandwiches and pastries as well as some pumpkin juice and a pot of tea.
"Rise and shine sleeping beauty," Ginny said, in a happy voice.
"You missed the match?"
Hermione asked in complete disbelief.
Missing Quidditch matches was not like Ginny at all.
"Sad, but true," Ginny admitted, looking down and ashamed.
"I woke up about an hour ago and thought, "fuck it."
Besides, it's not like you to sleep so late.
I was worried."
"That's very sweet, but I'm fine," Hermione smiled.
"Yesterday was just so..." The brunette found herself at a loss for words.
"We learned some interesting things, but most of all," Ginny nodded, trying not to laugh.
"I want to see what Theo looks like."
"Oh, I can't even imagine," Hermione said, covering her eyes.
"I hit him with a stinging jinx and a terrible hex at the same time.
I hope Madame Pompfrey was able to do something."
"Well, at least he knows, for certain that you are not interested."
Ginny said, picking up a ham and cheese sandwich and biting into it.
"And not to mess with you."
"What is it with him?"
Hermione asked as she began buttering a croissant.
"He acted like he was doing me a favor by gracing me with his presence.
He just pushed past me to walk in and put his feet up before I'd even…" "He's used to girls just throwing themselves at him.
I can understand why…he's gifted."
Ginny explained, giggling.
"He's very cocky!"
Ginny said, blushing and Hermione giggled a bit at the pun.
"Besides you had no interest in him," Ginny continued.
"which was not a first but made you a challenge.
Sometimes I feel like girls give into him easily just to…you know… ride his broom."
"Well, gifted or not, I'm sure there's not enough penicillin left in the world," Hermione snorted.
"His penis is probably dirtier than a hot dog that's fallen into a sewage tank."
Ginny snorted pumpkin juice through her nose which almost made Hermione fall off the bed.
The brunette grabbed her side, laughing so hard a snort sneaked out.
"Like brother, like sister!"
Hermione said, out of breath from fits of laughter.
"Shut up!"
Ginny said, in between fits of coughs and giggles.
"I am not anything like Ron!"
"He he he he he," Blaise mock laughed.
His voice a few octaves higher than normal.
"What's so funny?"
"Ginny pulled a Ron," Hermione giggled.
Blaise gave a curious look and Ginny smacked the brunettes arm, embarrassed.
"Pumpkin juice came out of her nose."
"Eww," Blaise said, feeling the damp bedsheet.
The raven-haired wizard cast a quick drying spell before hopping on the bed and grabbing a chocolate croissant.
"So, you missed an epic Quidditch match!"
Blaise teased excitedly, knowing the Ravenclaw team was at a horrible disadvantage.
"Really?"
Ginny said, looking disappointed.
"No," Blaise laughed.
"Of course, naturally, Slytherin won!
Ravenclaw was horrible though.
Cho Chang couldn't manage a team if you paid her."
"Well, that's obvious," Ginny said, rolling her eyes.
"I'm still upset that Slytherin won, though."
Blaise grabbed Hermione's pillow and playfully whacked the redhead.
"You just wait," Blaise laughed.
"Slytherin will beat Gryffindor as well!"
At this, Ginny picked up a pillow in retaliation and began hitting Blaise with it.
Hermione jumped out of the way as the two fell off the bed laughing.
"Alright, children," Hermione said, in a mock authoritative tone.
"Watch it!
You're going to spill the tea," Hermione said, ducking as Ginny through a pillow at her friend.
Hermione was about to pick up a pillow to join the fight when she heard a tapping at her window.
Scuttle, Greg's grey owl, flew outside the window.
Opening the window, Hermione saw Scuttle was carrying a letter with a single red rose attached.
Hermione took the letter and the rose, but not before giving Scuttle some treats.
Hermione, I hope you are alright after yesterday.
I also hope you are not holding Ginny against her will.
I have detention all this week so it may be hard to make time for tutoring.
Greg .
.
put the rose in water.
Hermione grabbed a glass, pointing her wand at it she spoke, "Augamenti," the put the single red rose in the water.
To Hermione, Ginny and Blaise's amazement, the single red rose became a huge, beautiful bouquet.
Out of the bouquet flew two monarch butterflies, flying around Hermione before disappearing.
Ginny and Blaise wiggled their eyebrows at each other as Hermione caught her breath.
The roses were so large and beautiful, and the butterflies took her breath away.
The only other boy to give her flowers was Viktor, but they were not as beautiful as these.
There was certainly no charm on them either.
"Well, I will let you two get changed," Blaise said, grabbing one last croissant.
"Wait, Blaise," Ginny said with a mischievous smile.
"Why don't you walk me back to Gryffindor tower?"
Blaise smiled at the red head as if he read her mind.
Greg had stepped up his game a bit.
Perhaps now it was time to throw that party.
….. For the remainder of Sunday and early into the week, Ginny and Blaise had been very secretive.
They were inseparable, whispering and planning.
When Draco and Hermione returned from patrol on Wednesday night, they found the pair in the Heads common room, huddled together.
Hermione had heard the tail end of Ginny's "No, I can't do Friday.
Harry's taking me out."
The two broke apart quickly when they saw the Heads enter the common room.
Blaise hurrying over to kiss Draco's cheek before gesturing to Ginny with a wave of his hand.
"Where are you two going?"
Draco asked puzzled.
"We just got here."
"Oh, don't worry, Malfoy.
I'll return your boyfriend soon," Ginny smiled, giving Hermione a quick hello and goodbye hug.
Blaise and Ginny gave the Heads a coy smile before leaving.
Draco shook his head, leaning towards Hermione as the portrait door closed behind the mischievous pair.
"I don't know about you," Draco said to Hermione.
"But I'm worried."
"Me too," Hermione smiled, before heading to her room.
Hermione had to admit the evenings were lonely without Greg.
She missed their nighttime tutoring sessions.
On Monday night, Hermione had gone to the Library forgetting about Greg's detention.
There was a single red rose laying on their table.
The note attached to the stem read, "Just in case you forgot."
Hermione smiled softly, lifting the rose to her nose before sitting down to work on her homework.
They were still partners in the classes they shared so she wasn't completely without him.
It was frustrating for the Head Girl because neither Greg nor Draco would tell Hermione why Greg had detention.
Hermione was annoyed with their silence as well as insanely curious.
Draco gave only one clue, "Anton Harper has detention too."
What could have happened between the two boys?
A fight?
Anton Harper was vile.
He often stared at her or made obscene gestures toward her, but he was never as forward as Theo.
Sometimes it worried Hermione how prone to violence Greg can be, but then she would think about how gently he had held her that day during their flying lesson, how safe and aroused she felt.
Her mind would drift to that day often.
Entering her bedroom, Hermione placed her bag on her chair by the desk.
Hermione had never really felt sexually frustrated before, but now, being around Greg so much, she had been awakened to so many strange sensations.
Ginny's comment, "I thought you two were going to run off and start shagging" had put some ideas in Hermione's head.
Sometimes when Hermione was falling asleep, she would begin to fantasize if Ginny hadn't interrupted them.
These fantasies left an aching in her core that just couldn't be satisfied.
Hermione began undressing, letting her mind wander.
If Ginny hadn't interrupted, they would have kissed.
Hermione kept imagining what lips would feel like pressed against her own.
They looked so soft.
Would she be able to feel the small scar on his upper lip?
Maybe if she were to dart out her tongue to taste his lips.
Hermione took in a deep breath.
She unhooked her white cotton bra, throwing it aside.
Leaving her only in her panties.
She let her hands wander over her breasts, feeling her nipples harden beneath her palms.
What if Greg were here right now?
His calloused fingers pinching her nipples instead of her own soft ones.
Hermione bit her lip.
She began picturing Greg coming up behind her, his hands moving across her stomach instead of her own.
She slid her hands into her panties past the little patch of pubic hair.
Hermione laid down on the bed closing her eyes, and picturing Greg above her.
His calloused fingers running over the delicate petals of her pussy, rubbing his long, finger over her clit.
Kissing her or whispering softly in her ear like he did on the broom.
Hermione moved her fingers lower, tracing the opening to her womanhood, before slipping a finger in.
She pulled her middle finger in and out slowly as her thumb softly caressed her clit.
Hermione felt her juices coating her fingers.
It felt good, but it wasn't enough.
Hermione had started masturbating just a few weeks ago.
She hadn't been able to work herself to a climax yet.
It was frustrating, like the itch you couldn't scratch.
She huffed in annoyance sitting up.
She thought about re-reading one of her mum's old trashy, romance books.
Hermione was angry that there was nothing in the library about sex, not even in the restricted section.
How was she going to learn….?
Hermione's mind wandered to the fifth floor girl's bathroom, wondering if Greg's name was written on the wall.
What would it say if it were?
Looking at her muggle alarm clock, it was only 7:30. Who would have written it?
Blaise had mentioned Millie, Daphne, and Pansy, but were there other girls?
Hermione didn't want to admit it, but she had been looking at Daphne and Pansy differently these past few days.
The brunette noticed that she felt more sympathy for Pansy now.
Since talking with Blaise, Hermione had noticed the way Pansy would look at Draco longingly before turning away, but the black-haired girl looked less depressed recently.
Hermione noticed (with much relief) that Pansy never looked at Greg with the same longing she gave to Draco.
Hermione had also noticed the way Neville would glance in Pansy's direction during meals.
Neville was a sweet guy.
He would treat Pansy right.
After everything Pansy went through, she deserved a good man.
"Come back to the Heads Dorms," Hermione scrawled on a piece of parchment, tapping it with her wand with a spell which sent it straight into Ginny's hand.
It was a little spell she had perfected over the years.
Hermione quickly changed into a knee length skirt and a t-shirt, placing her robe on over it.
She waited outside the portrait.
Ginny came running down the hallways Blaise jogging behind her.
"What is it?"
the redhead asked out of breath.
"What's wrong?"
"No.
Nothing's wrong," Hermione said, brow furrowing.
"I just…" Hermione looked at Blaise standing there, and her voice trailed off.
Hermione was about to ask him to leave, but Blaise beat her to it.
"I think I'll go spend some time with my boyfriend," Blaise said, taking the hint.
"Owl me later, Gin."
Blaise waved over his shoulder as he walked into the Heads Common Room.
"Ginny," Hermione started, looking down at her feet.
"Do you know about that wall in the fifth floor girls bathroom?"
"Um, yeah!"
Ginny said with an obvious tone of voice.
"You didn't?"
"No," Hermione whispered, a bit embarrassed.
"Well, come on, then!"
Ginny, practically squealed.
"We've got to go now."
The spirited redhead began to drag her slower friend behind her.
They entered the fifth floor bathroom and went behind the stalls to where the forgotten showers were.
There across the wall was the name of almost every sexually active boy in the school.
"See there!"
Ginny pointed to Cormac Mclaggen's name.
"likes dirty talk, has a small "wand.""
"Well, at least you weren't attracted to him," Ginny continued as Hermione wrinkled her nose.
"There's Neville," Ginny blushed, knowing she had written that.
"Hmmm…likes to dominate, but is sweet," Hermione read, giggling.
Who knew?
Hermione began looking through all the names.
How did she not know this was here?
Hermione felt a bit stupid.
Some of them made Hermione cringe: "Ernie MacMillian- looks like he's having a seizure when he comes" or "Terry Boot- Will pull your hair so hard you'll have an inch of regrowth."
Or "Theo Nott- Length of his cock will challenge your gag reflex."
Some of them seemed sweet or at least less cringeworthy: "Adrian Pucey- lots of eye contact, loves to cuddle after" or "Anthony Goldstein-foreplay goes on and on.
Fucks to please," or "Marcus Flint- don't let the teeth fool you, he knows how to use his mouth."
Ginny noticed her friend glancing through the names.
The redhead figured Hermione was looking for the tall, muscular Slytherin.
"Looking for Greg's name?"
Ginny asked quietly.
Hermione turned away from the wall, a bit flustered.
"I've just…I was curious," Hermione wanted to read more but felt awkward with Ginny staring at her.
"Hermione, there's nothing to be embarrassed about," Ginny said looking at Hermione with a serious expression.
"It's okay to be curious."
Ginny grabbed Hermione's shoulders, turning her around.
The girls began walking closer to the wall.
"Don't worry.
If there's anything written, we'll find it!"
Ginny smiled confidently.
The two girls searched through the wall.
Laughing and cringing at some of the things written.
They read over every name, and it took a good forty-five minutes between the two of them, but they couldn't find Greg's name anywhere.
Although, they did find James Potter and Sirius Black written on the wall; the writers praised their skills.
"Hmmm…like father, like son," Ginny laughed as Hermione said, "Ewwww."
"Are you disappointed?"
Ginny asked, on the walk back to the Heads Dorms.
"That we didn't find anything?"
Hermione paused to think for a moment.
Unsure how to answer.
She was ambivalent.
On the one hand, she was happy she didn't see anything, unsure how she would feel or react to the new bit of information.
On the other hand, she was kind of disappointed.
She wanted some sort of clue as to what being intimate with Greg would be like.
Was he vile like some of those boys?
Or did he have the qualities of the sweet ones?
"Yes and no," Hermione answered, shrugging.
"Maybe it's for the best.
Maybe if I knew, I would act differently around him."
"Hermione, have you been thinking about what it would be like to…you know?
With Greg?"
Ginny asked, very quietly.
The hallways seemed to be empty, but still, someone could be lurking in the corner.
"I just ask because…of the wall."
"Yes," Hermione said, turning a violent shade of red.
"Sometimes, but I've never actually seen a….
"wand."
I just…I guess I'm kind of naïve.
I understand the mechanics, but…" The brunette trailed off.
"I've only ever read about these things in my mom's very naughty books."
"You mean you didn't even peak at the boy's "wands" while you were on the run?"
Ginny asked curiously.
"No," Hermione said, the brunette's nose wrinkling.
"Harry's like a brother to me.
I don't want to know what his looks like.
Ron was sort of the same way.
We didn't get that far when we were together."
"I understand," Ginny said, nodding.
They reached the Heads dorms.
"I don't want to know what my brother's "wands" look like either."
The redhead's nose wrinkling.
"I know you haven't been interested in sex until now," Ginny said, grabbing her best friends' hand as they stood outside the portrait.
"And if you ever want to talk about this stuff.
I want you to know that I'm here."
"Thanks, Gin," Hermione smiled, giving her friend a hug before they parted.
Ginny decided to head back to Gryffindor Tower before Mr. Norris set out on his prowl to catch students out of bed.
….. On Friday, Professor Slughorn began lecturing about the importance of measuring ingredients.
Today the class was to make a draught of Liquid Luck.
Unfortunately, if they succeeded, they were not allowed to keep the draught.
Many students groaned at this, wanting the chance to have a moment of success either on an exam or on a more personal venture.
There was a mix of seventh and eighth year students in the class.
Greg and Hermione were standing in front of a few cauldrons filled with different potions.
Draco and Blaise were standing next to Greg.
Seamus and Dean were on the other side by Hermione.
Neville and Lavender were off to another side.
Pansy and Daphne were off on the edges of the group.
Anton Harper was next to them, stealing glances at the Head Girl.
Theo, standing next to the darker boy, was as far away from Hermione as possible.
She changed her shampoo, Greg kept thinking while standing next to Hermione in Potions.
He'd noticed it a couple of days ago.
Now every time Hermione turned her head, Greg smelled lavender instead of coconut.
It wasn't a bad combination with the vanilla, just different.
Maybe I could find out where she buys the coconut shampoo, Greg thought when Hermione's hand shot up to answer a question for Professor Slughorn.
Over Hermione's head, Greg's blood began to boil noticing the way Harper's eyes were traveling up and down Hermione's body.
Most students had their robes off today.
The heat from the many cauldrons could not be tamed by even the most powerful cooling charm.
Without the baggy, shapeless robes, Hermione's curves were on display as were most of the other girls, but Harper didn't notice them.
The Head Girl's breasts, and hips had filled out since transitioning into womanhood.
It excited both wizards and witches alike.
When Slughorn passed by the draught of Living Death, he dropped a large chunk of wood in it to show how quickly the draught could dissolve and kill, especially large objects.
However, when the absent-minded professor dropped the wood into the draught some of the burning liquid splashed out of cauldron and would have hit the Hermione had it not been for Greg.
As the wood dropped into the draught, Greg put his arm around Hermione's waist, pulling her against him and out of the line of fire.
Hermione's face and body pressed against Greg's hard, muscular chest.
Hermione felt a heat spread within her traveling straight down to her lower belly at the sensation of her soft body being pressed against Greg's strong, muscled torso.
Hermione placed a hand on Greg's chest and the other on his bicep to steady herself, muttering a quick and flustered, "thanks," before pulling away, flushed.
Greg let go of the soft, curve of her waist, felt the absence of her warmth.
Unnoticed by Hermione, Greg gave the scowling Harper a look that warned, "She's mine.
Back off."
And Hermione was his, she had to be.
It was the only way Greg could describe what he was feeling for her.
He found an incredible, innate urge within himself to protect her, to take care of her, to love her.
There was an ache in his heart at the thought of being without her.
Unknown to Greg and Hermione, Blaise was smirking over Draco's shoulder at the pair.
He couldn't wait to tell Ginny what happened today.
"Oh, Miss Granger," Slughorn began, hands covering his forehead and mouth.
"I'm so sorry.
Where is my head today?
Fifty Points to you, Mr. Goyle, for your bravery."
Blaise clapped for his friend which started the others to clap.
All except for Harper, who scoffed while crossing his arms.
With that, Slughorn sent them off with a "pip, pip."
Greg and Hermione moved to their station, setting to work.
The ingredients were out.
Hermione began cutting up one of the roots while Greg measured out some of the liquids needed.
Still quite flushed and flustered from the feel of Greg's body against hers, Hermione worked silently.
Trying to calm the fire within herself.
There wasn't any tension between the pair, but an awareness of what had transpired between them.
Both wanted to fill the silence about the situation, but in a crowded classroom, nothing so personal could be discussed.
"How has detention been?"
Hermione asked clearing her throat, absent mindedly.
"Not as bad as you might think.
It's good to be friends with the Head Boy," Greg explained with a chuckle.
"Draco made sure my punishment is less severe."
Yesterday Greg cleaned the beakers in Slughorn's classroom, the day before that he polished the trophies in the trophy room.
These really weren't bad punishments considering Harper would be scrubbing toilets for the remainder of the week.
Greg looked over in Harper's direction.
The dark boy looked pissed off as he worked alongside another clueless seventh year Slytherin.
Luckily for Greg, Draco had no trouble believing what Harper had said about Hermione.
Harper had made downright filthy comments like that before.
Greg as well as Draco hoped it would never get back to Hermione.
"Well, don't make a habit of it," Hermione said, with a small smile.
"It's not good to get behind in our tutoring sessions."
"Well, well, Granger," Greg teased the Head Girl as he walked behind her.
Greg reached for the jar of a powdered root, his body pressing ever so gently against the Head Girl's back.
"Is that another way of saying that you miss me?"
Greg asked, softly.
He smiled watching the blush spread across her cheeks.
Greg could hear the sharp intake of breath as he pressed against her before moving back to his original spot.
"Maybe," Hermione said, with a small smile and a shrug.
She grabbed a beaker of liquid, pouring it into the cauldron.
Hermione tried to remain calm and cool, ignoring the way her panties dampened.
She wanted to be pressed against him once more.
She stole a quick glance at Greg before turning her head.
I want to be pressed against him naked.
Hermione thought, eyes beginning to darken with lust, biting her lower lip.
And on the desk or bent over the desk, And…No!
Stop!
Hermione took a deep, steadying breath.
She rubbed her thighs together, but unfortunately the friction went straight to her clit making her nipples harden.
Hermione hoped the hard peaks weren't visible.
She turned to grab a clip from her bag and pulled her hair up and off her neck.
But Hermione's little internal sexual interlude did not go unnoticed by Greg.
Merlin, she looks so aroused, Greg thought.
Watching the way Hermione had rubbed her thighs together, Greg wondered if what transpired between the two made Hermione's panties wet.
It took every ounce of strength not to pull the pretty brunette to him and kiss her.
Greg wanted to hold her against him, wanted to know exactly what was going on in that beautiful mind of hers.
Greg attempted to refocus his attention on something boring.
He shifted his trousers.
While Hermione's back was turned, Greg felt like someone was staring at him.
He turned his head to see Pansy, her eyebrows raising as she mouthed, "I told you so!"
Greg nodded and smiled at his friend.
Greg and Hermione's potion was finished, there was nothing to do except wait for Slughorn to come observe their work.
However, Slughorn was tending to Seamus and Dean.
Like always, Seamus had a way of blowing things up.
Hermione looked across the room, trying to find something to distract herself with.
Her gaze fell on the Head Boy and his partner.
Draco and Blaise were smiling and giggling while making the potion.
Blaise kept swatting Draco's hands away from the beaker of liquid.
Naturally, Draco believed he could measure it more effectively, having a steadier hand that the raven-haired wizard.
"They're so cute together," Hermione smiled, not really focusing on the couple.
Hermione tried to summon Slughorn to come, check their work, and excuse them.
Merlin, she just wanted to leave.
Flushed and embarrassed, not wanting to look Greg in the eye.
Greg glanced across the room at the sweet easiness between the two men, the way they looked at each other, so in love.
Greg used to be envious of the couple and the way they were completely devoted to each other.
Greg thoughts briefly flashed to Millie, how she would never commit.
He understood why but…Merlin, it was so fucked up.
Greg looked at Hermione, her beautiful brown eyes meeting his before she quickly lowered them again, blushing, her tongue wetting her lips.
He wondered if Hermione knew about the whole mess that was Millie, Daphne, and Pansy.
If she didn't and they became involved, should he tell her about it?
Would Hermione think less of him?
Before he could think about it longer, Slughorn came to their table.
"Well done Mr. Goyle and Miss Granger!"
Slughorn said, testing the potion.
"It's a perfect batch of Liquid Luck!"
Slughorn added points to both Gryffindor and Slytherin, smiling.
Before Slughorn could shake Hermione's hand or Greg could offer to walk her to dinner, Hermione left.
"Oh, Merlin's beard!"
Slughorn said, turning to Greg.
"Mr. Goyle, do you think the Living Death incident frightened her?"
"Perhaps, sir," Greg replied, placing a hand on Slughorn's shoulder before leaving.
"Perhaps."
Greg walked off to the Great Hall knowing it wasn't Slughorn's doing.
It was the electric charge between his tutor and himsel.
ello Lovely Readers!
It's been a little over a week, but here is chapter 8.
I am trying to stick to posting a chapter a week, but I like to try and make sure that everything is perfect.
Love, emerald Disclaimer: I own nothing….
JK Rowling owns everything.
3 Chapter 8 Somewhere between the Dungeons and fifth floor, Hermione began sprinting towards Gryffindor Tower.
Hermione felt completely embarrassed by her behavior and she needed to talk to Ginny about it.
The Head Girl is supposed to remain calm, cool, and collected.
She shouldn't be swooning and having naughty thoughts during potions lab.
She was above this.
Yes, Greg made her feel aroused and flushed.
The strong silent Slytherin made Hermione feel things she had never felt before, but still she shouldn't get so distracted especially in front of other students.
Sweet Circe, the object of her fantasies was right next to her and she was practically drooling.
She was losing control and she couldn't handle it.
This madness must stop, Hermione thought as she whispered the password to the Fat Lady, pushing past a few students to get to the Girls Dormitories.
Hermione stopped suddenly when she heard a familiar voice say: "That's okay, Hermione.
Don't say hi or anything."
Hermione turned to see Harry, standing by the fireplace in black dress robes.
"Harry!"
Hermione shouted, dropping her bag and running into his open arms.
"Oh, Holy Hera!
I'm sorry."
"It's fine.
It's fine.
How are you?"
Harry smiled, pulling away from the hug to look at his best friend.
Holding Hermione's chin between his thumb and index finger, Harry began his line of questioning: "Are you getting enough sleep?
Eating enough?
Not spending all your time in the library, are you?"
Harry could tell something was a bit off.
Why was she running in here so fast?
he thought.
"Oh, Harry!"
Hermione laughed, tugging Harry's hand off her face.
"Honestly, you're too much!
I'm fine.
Don't worry about me."
"Can't help it," Harry said, shrugging.
He gestured for her to sit on the couch while he took a seat in the armchair.
Harry kept hold of Hermione's hand, noticing her ink stained fingers.
Some things never change, he thought to himself with a chuckle.
Despite being happy with his decision not to return for his eighth year, Harry missed his Hogwarts days, especially during the long and tiring hours of auror training.
"How's training going?"
Hermione asked, noticing that Harry looked tired, but happy.
"Well, you'd know if you wrote more, wouldn't you?"
Harry teased, smiling before his face became serious.
"It's a bit tough at times, but always exciting.
Keeps me on my toes for sure," Harry sighed before adding, "I need a brain like yours, I think."
"You've got great instincts," Hermione praised, patting her friend's hand.
"Everything else will come in time."
There was a comfortable silence between the two.
"Why don't you go run up to Ginny?"
Harry suggested after a minute or two.
"I know that's why you came here."
"Oh, but I see Ginny every day," Hermione reasoned.
"I haven't seen you in ages."
The brunette did want to talk to Ginny, but it suddenly dawned on her to ask about her other best friend.
"By the way, where's Ron?
Didn't he want to see Lavender?"
"Err," Harry stuttered, rubbing his neck.
Harry tried to find the right words.
It wouldn't be long before everyone knew what Ron had done, or rather, who Ron had done.
"I don't want to say, but…" Before Harry could go into detail about Ron's predicament, Dean, Seamus, and Neville walked through the door.
All excited to see their old friend.
Apparently, word had spread throughout the castle that Harry Potter had returned to the grounds.
As the boys got into a conversation, Hermione picked up her bag and snuck up the stairs to the Girl's dormitories.
Hermione walked into the bedroom Ginny shared with Lavender, Parvarti, and a few other girls.
Hermione saw Ginny standing in front of the mirror wearing the most beautiful green dress that the brunette had ever seen.
"Oh, Gin," Hermione gasped.
"You look gorgeous!
That dress.
Merlin, Blaise has good taste."
"I know he does," Ginny laughed, nervously.
"I should bring him with me every time I go shopping.
I feel a little silly though.
I don't usually dress like this."
Ginny ran her hands down the sides of the lacy, green dress.
"You look stunning.
There's no need to feel silly," Hermione said, sitting on Ginny's bed.
"Just have an amazing time tonight."
"So, the invitations are going out tonight," Ginny said with a wide smile, raising her eyebrows.
The redhead was practically shaking with excitement.
"Invitations?"
Hermione asked, looking a bit puzzled.
"To the party Blaise and I are throwing.
The one we've been planning all this past week!"
Ginny said in an obvious tone.
She rolled her eyes at her forgetful friend, before squealing.
"Now I don't want to spoil anything…but oh, what the hell?
It's going to be a pool party in the Room of Requirement.
I hope you have a bathing suit.
If not, you can transfigure one!
Or I think they sell them at that dress shop in Hogsmeade."
Ginny placed a hand under her chin, plotting.
Do we have time to go tomorrow?
She thought "Oh, no.
I'm not going.
Gin," Hermione said, brow furrowing.
The Head Girl sat on Ginny's bed.
"That's what I came up…" "Of course, you are.
You have to come," Ginny said, interrupting her friend.
The redhead sat down next to Hermione and began soothingly rubbing her arms.
"I'll help you.
We can get ready together."
"I embarrassed myself so badly today," Hermione admitted, putting her head on Ginny's shoulder.
"What happened?"
Ginny asked, softly.
Hermione began with the Draught of Liquid Death incident.
The way it felt to be pressed against Greg, to feel her soft breasts melded against his hard chest, the way it sent tingles throughout her body.
She told Ginny about the way Greg pressed against her while making the potion and the scent of his sexy, spicy cologne delightfully tickling her nose.
Hermione recalled how she fantasized about being bent over the desk with Greg behind her during the middle of class!
The brunette went into detail revealing her naughty thoughts to her friend.
"Holy fuck!"
Ginny said, eyes wide.
"That's hot!"
"Yes, but that's the problem!"
Hermione began, placing her hands over her eyes.
"It was in front of everyone.
I was having these thoughts about Greg while he was standing right next to me.
And I'm pretty sure he knew.
What if other people saw?"
The brunette uncovered her eyes, biting her lower lip.
A habit that resurfaced whenever she was nervous.
"Why are you embarrassed?
Or nervous?"
Ginny asked.
"It's normal to have these feelings, these thoughts.
Maybe it feels like an ambush of these senses?"
the redhead reasoned.
"I mean, you've never felt like this before so to have it all at once can be rough, I'd imagine.
But everyone fantasizes about sex in class.
I do it all the time."
"My title as Head Girl, though.
McGonagall chose me for a reason," Hermione thought aloud, crossing her arms.
"What if I disappoint her by becoming the school slut?"
"Whoa, whoa, whoa!"
Ginny said loudly and seriously.
She held up her hand to catch Hermione's attention.
"There is no way in hell you are or would ever become the school slut.
If anything, that title is taken by me or Lavender.
Possibly Parkinson.
Besides, if you and Greg do become intimate, it wouldn't be like that."
Ginny paused for a moment, giving her friend a gentle smile.
"Hermione, you saved the fucking wizarding world.
I mean, yes, Harry was the one the prophecy was about, "The Boy Who Lived," but, without you, he'd be "The Boy who Died in a Ditch on Day One."
You deserve to be happy and have a relationship or at the very least a fling."
"I don't think I'd want a fling," Hermione said, confidently while twirling a curl between her fingers.
"But being with Greg does make me happy.
Do you think he'd want to be my boyfriend?
Or at the very least exclusive?"
"Hermione, I love you, but you can be a little daft," Ginny chuckled at her friend.
"I've seen the way Greg looks at you.
Blaise has told me about the way Greg is always paying attention whenever your name comes up in conversation.
I saw the look of anger on his face when Theo was flirting.
How concerned he was about you that day you hexed Theo.
Greg doesn't want a fling either.
I'm positive."
Ginny gave Hermione a hug.
Hermione smiled, hugging her friend tightly.
She was lucky to have Ginny in her life.
"Oh, Gin.
You better get going," Hermione said, catching the time at the clock across the room.
Ginny put on her heels and coat, walking down to the common room.
Harry looked up to see his fiancée.
Harry's face lit up upon seeing Ginny.
All the students in the common room stared at the pair as they walked out of Gryffindor tower.
Hermione waited a moment or two, talking to Seamus and Dean before leaving.
On the walk back to Gryffindor Tower, Hermione decided she would write Ron later tonight.
She didn't know what was going on and it worried her.
… When Hermione returned to the Heads Dorms, Draco and Blaise were sitting on the couch, chatting softly.
When they noticed Hermione come in, Blaise smiled, and Draco sighed with relief.
"Where have you been?"
Draco asked, his tone a bit frantic.
The blonde hated to admit to it to himself or anyone else, but he was beginning to care for the Head Girl in a very brotherly way.
He had become accustomed to Hermione's presence in his life.
He even began to worry about her today, how she sprinted out of the dungeons.
Draco had wanted to hex Slughorn into next week for putting the Head Girl in danger.
Of course, the blonde would never speak of these feelings to anyone.
He was a Malfoy, after all, and Malfoys do not become attached to annoying, formerly bushy-haired and buck-toothed, know-it-all Gryffindors.
"I was in the Gryffindor Common Room," Hermione said, brow furrowing at the Head Boy's concern.
Wondering if the blonde noticed how she had reacted today.
She certainly hoped not.
"You certainly ran out of potions class, today," Blaise teased, noticing how Hermione looked down, her cheeks pinking slightly.
Unlike Draco, Blaise noticed how heated Hermione and Greg's interactions were.
"Harry was here," Hermione said, excusing herself from further questioning.
Hermione gave Draco a knowing look.
The blonde blushed looking down at his hands.
"Ah Yes!
Date night!"
Blaise smiled.
"And how did my sweet sister look?"
Blaise asked, clasping his hands together.
"You have a great eye, Blaise," Hermione smiled, she found it sweet how close Blaise and Ginny had become.
"She mentioned bringing you with her when she goes shopping again."
"Yes, well, I'm happy to lend my services to you.
If you ever need some fashion tips," Blaise winked at Hermione.
"Like for tomorrow?"
"Ah, yes," Hermione said, sighing.
"The Pool Party."
Hermione climbed the stairs to her room.
She just wanted to forget about the Pool Party.
Why a pool party?
Hermione thought.
It's the middle of November for Merlin's sake.
And she was Head Girl, would it be appropriate for her to walk around in a bathing suit?
I wonder if Greg's swim trunks are as revealing as the Quidditch tights, Hermione thought, shivering slightly, biting her lip.
The conversation from the common room pulled her from her thoughts: "Pool party?"
Draco asked.
"What pool party?"
"Don't worry.
You'll get your invite," Blaise teased his boyfriend and Draco wrapped his arms around the raven-haired boy.
"Is this why you and the She-Weas…" Draco paused, as Blaise raised a defensive eyebrow.
"You and Ginny have been running around like mad?"
"Yes."
Blaise said, rolling his eyes, kissing Draco's cheek before standing.
"The soiree, remember?"
"Oh right," Draco said, grabbing Blaise's hand as his boyfriend lead him to the bedroom.
"The party."
"Oi," Blaise huffed in annoyance while shutting the door behind them.
Hermione heard Draco say, "Not too long this time.
I have to patrol soon."
Eww, Hermione thought, before casting a silencing charm on the bedroom across the hall.
It wasn't the idea of two men having sex that bothered her.
She was grossed out because she was beginning to care for and think of Draco and Blaise as if they were her brothers.
It was like when Ginny would begin talking about how Harry was in the bedroom.
The brunette would stick her fingers in her ear and begin childishly screaming, "La-la-la-la-la."
As with every Friday night before patrol, Hermione began pulling out her books to organize for the weekend.
Hermione realized she had two potions textbooks.
One of them was hers and the other belonged to Greg.
His name was written in his messy handwriting on the opening page.
I must have taken Greg's as well, the brunette thought.
Maybe I should return it tonight.
Hermione bit her lip, unsure if she should go looking for Greg after today.
But what if he needs it?
She rationalized.
Hermione began pacing back and forth.
Well, I must patrol soon, I could return it then.
The thought of walking down to the Dungeons sent a shiver up her back, both because of seeing Greg and because it was still Slytherin House after all.
….
Greg walked back from his last night of detention.
He had cleaned the cauldrons in the Potions Lab.
The whole time he kept replaying the day in his mind.
It seemed so surreal.
He kept focusing on the way Hermione speedily walked out of the potion's lab.
Why would she run from the lab, from him?
Had he done something wrong?
She didn't seem to be uncomfortable when she was pressed against him.
Or when they were talking.
She looked a bit flushed, like that day in the library when he thought she was sick.
Greg was at a loss about the whole situation and he figured it would be best to get a woman's opinion.
When Greg got to the dungeons, he went straight to Pansy's door.
He knew the dark-haired girl would know what to do.
"Oh, hey," Pansy said.
She was a bit surprised at seeing Greg at her door, usually she was the one seeking out Greg.
"Can I come in?"
Greg asked.
"I need some advice."
"About Granger?"
Pansy asked, knowingly with a smirk.
Pansy saw how Hermione had bolted out of the Potion's Lab.
It only confirmed what Pansy had already suspected, that Hermione had never been with anyone before.
"Am I that obvious?"
Greg sighed, sitting down in the desk chair while Pansy went to sit on the couch by the fire that was no longer roaring.
Pansy had been looking through a couple of witches' magazines.
This month's issue of Witch Weekly featured two familiar as well as identical faces, Fred and George Weasley.
Apparently after opening another joke shop as well as a sex shop, they had become the most eligible bachelors in the wizarding world.
"So, what's wrong?"
Pansy asked, eyeing the pictures of the twins, trying to decide which one was cuter.
Part of her was curious as to if they were truly identical once the trousers came off.
This was the longest Pansy had gone without sex since she became sexually active and it was frustrating.
"Why did Hermione leave so abruptly today?"
Greg asked, brow furrowed.
He slouched back in the chair.
Hermione wasn't like any of the girls Greg had ever known or been with.
"It's kind of obvious," Pansy said, sarcastically with a slight chuckle at Greg's puzzled expression.
Pansy took a deep breath, not wanting make Greg feel stupid.
Like most men, he just wasn't good at reading a woman's body language.
"The Gryffindor Princess is a virgin," Pansy said, turning her attention to a different magazine, one featuring different hairstyles for the modern witch.
"You make her nervous.
She obviously wants you but doesn't know exactly how to…react to you or rather how to make you hers."
Greg was quite surprised, eyes widening a bit.
There had been a rumor about Hermione and almost every person at Hogwarts and although Hermione never showed interest in anyone other than the Weasel, he thought that there had to be some truth to at least one of them.
He had always wondered if the rumor about the Golden Trio in the Room of Requirement was true.
Well, now he knew that it wasn't.
"Yeah, so being pressed against you today," Pansy spoke when Greg didn't say anything for a while.
"She was clearly aroused, but I think a bit frightened."
"I scared her?"
Greg asked, nervously.
That was the last thing he wanted to do.
"In a good way.
If that makes sense," Pansy said, watching Greg's funny expressions change.
"She's probably never felt this way."
Pansy was going to say something more comforting to Greg when a blue piece of parchment magically appeared in her hand.
She looked up to see there a piece of parchment in Greg's hand as well.
It was an invitation and it read: You're Invited!
Pool Party.
Room of Requirement.
Saturday Night 8pm.
Wear a bathing suit.
Invite only.
No guests.
XOXO -Blaise & Ginny "Well, I guess I know what I'm doing tomorrow night," Greg said.
First night without detention will be interesting, he thought.
The invitation was pretty.
Blue with tropical flowers around the edges.
"I'm not going," Pansy said, throwing her invite into the fire.
Turning her attention back to the hairstyle magazine.
"Wait, Why?"
Greg asked, he had specifically told Blaise to invite her.
It would get her out, take her mind off everything.
Maybe Pansy could find someone new.
"It's too hard," Pansy looked down at the magazines.
"Zabini tries to be nice to me, but…" Pansy took a deep breath.
"I'm just beginning to get over Draco.
If I go tomorrow night…" "Pansy, you have to go," Greg looked down at his invitation.
"It will be a great time.
There'll be a lot of people there."
"If Blaise had been a girl, I feel like I could handle this better," Pansy started, keeping her eyes down.
"You know Blaise and I used to be close friends.
We'd giggle about guys together and everything," Pansy paused, exhaling shakily.
"Why didn't Draco just tell me that he was gay?
He kept sleeping with me, using me.
For the longest time, I thought there was something wrong with me.
That I wasn't pretty enough or good enough for him."
"Oh, hey.
Come on now," Greg reached for her, wrapping the petite girl in a big hug.
The dark-haired girl buried her face in his chest crying.
Greg rested the cheek on top of her head.
Greg was a bit wary of telling Pansy she was pretty, afraid she might take it the wrong way.
Try and sleep with him again.
"It's going to be okay.
You don't have to go tomorrow."
"I just…I feel like I start to get over him," Pansy hiccupped.
"And then something happens, and it gets thrown in my face again.
Then I feel betrayed because Blaise was in love with and sleeping with Draco the whole time.
Lying straight to my face."
"It's just going to take a little time," Greg said softly.
"That's all.
Everybody did the best they could.
Draco was afraid, you know."
Pansy understood why Draco kept his silence.
The man who she always assumed would be her father-in-law always made a shiver of fear and disgust run up her spine.
Pansy liked to think that if Draco had admitted his sexuality to her, she would have been kind and understanding.
She wanted to assume that she wouldn't have been vindictive, writing to her mother or Narcissa, and ratting Draco out.
Pansy felt like a completely different person now, unable to say for certain whether the cruel girl she used to be would have kept the secret.
Listening to Greg's steady heartbeat, Pansy began to think about how different Greg's life would be if Draco had just been honest with everyone.
She and Daphne wouldn't have whored themselves out.
Would he still have fallen in love with Bullstrode?
Pansy wondered if she still would have slept with Greg.
No, Pansy thought.
She probably would have been mean to him in the same way she was mean to Vince.
Would Greg and Granger have still found their way to one another?
"I know you like Granger, but do you still have feelings for Millicent?"
Pansy asked, biting her lip.
"If Millie was still here, would you….?"
Greg understood what she was asking, but there was no use in imagining what his future would be like if Millie was still alive.
"I think about Millie a lot," Greg admitted, after a moment.
"I really did love her, but what I feel for Hermione is so much stronger.
It's like… I feel like I'm being pulled to her, like…" "Like she was meant for you," Pansy smiled softly, pulling away from Greg.
Pansy wiped her eyes with a handkerchief.
"I don't know if I ever felt like Draco was meant for me.
I think my feelings were more like he was something I was just supposed to have.
That's not love, is it?"
"I don't think so," Greg said, shaking his head.
He felt Pansy bury her face in his chest once again as continued to cry.
….
Despite the push for house unity, Hermione still felt like she was in unwelcome territory on the walk down to the Dungeons.
Draco and Hermione had separated somewhere on the third floor, the staircase shifting unpredictably carrying Draco away.
Hermione noticed that it was colder down here or maybe she was just nervous.
Hermione came to the outside of the portrait hole and saw Theo Nott and Astoria Greengrass lingering by the portrait.
When Theo saw Hermione walking towards him, he walked as quickly as possible into the Slytherin common room.
Hermione noticed Astoria looking at her curiously.
Astoria had just recently come out as a lesbian.
The youngest Greengrass had had a crush on the Gryffindor Golden Girl for a very long time.
Hermione just smiled back at her.
It was best to be friendly when not in your own territory.
"Hi Astoria," Hermione said, smiling politely.
"Is Greg here?"
"I don't know, but I can check," Astoria said, whispering the password that opened the portrait.
Looking at Hermione with a puzzled expression, Astoria said, "Come on then.
Not afraid of the snake pit, are we?"
"Of course not!"
Hermione said, a bit too defensively.
She shook her head walking as Astoria smirked.
It was cute to see the Golden Girl flustered.
"Here, follow me," Astoria said, grabbing the Hermione's hand.
Hermione wished Astoria didn't insist on holding her hand like a child, but she became more concerned when she noticed everyone was staring at her.
She was used to staring at, being one of Harry's best friends as well as a so called "war heroine," but the way Anton Harper looked at her.
His gaze terrified her.
Harper looked at her like she was a piece of meat, waiting to be devoured.
Fenrir Greyback had looked at her like that and it sent a chill through her bones.
Hermione hugged Greg's book tightly to her chest with one arm.
Hermione wanted to let go of Astoria's hand to finger her wand, but Astoria held hers tightly.
Harper licked his lips, his gaze narrowing.
Yes, Hermione thought.
I most definitely should have waited in the hallway.
But Hermione summoned her Gryffindor bravery narrowing her eyes, giving a hardened glare at Harper.
Walking down the hallway, they stopped in front of a door that read " ."
Astoria knocked twice, but there was no answer.
Impatiently, Astoria opened the door to an empty room.
"You know, I can just come back tomorrow," Hermione said, trying to turn around.
"Nonsense," Astoria smiled, grabbing Hermione's arm and leading her into the bedroom.
"He's around here somewhere.
Don't worry, I'll find him.
Just wait here a moment."
With that Astoria turned, closing the door behind her.
Hermione began taking in the large, dark mahogany furniture.
Her eyes kept returning to the large mahogany bed with a green comforter.
I should have waited in the hall, Hermione thought.
As if her fantasies of being with Greg on a desk weren't enough, the bed was just adding fuel to the fire in her nether regions.
Hermione could smell his spicy cologne.
Part of her wanted to hold one of his pillows to her nose, but she stopped herself.
A large fire burned in the fireplace beside a large desk with two chairs.
She could tell it was magically enchanted somehow to keep the fire contained as well as burn for hours.
The room was not abnormally large, but there plenty of room.
She noticed the en suite bathroom.
Hermione noticed some photographs on his bedside table and went closer.
There were several of a younger Greg with Draco and Crabbe looking tough with their arms folded.
One of Crabbe and Greg laughing at the camera.
Hermione saw one of a young Greg, maybe four or five years old, playing with whom she could only assume was a young Crabbe.
Hermione felt her heart clench.
She never realized that the two boys grew up together.
Hermione's eyes traveled to a photograph of a very tall, thin woman with long black hair.
She had on a black dress on and wore a small smile which grew a bit wider.
However, the woman looked like she had a dark secret hidden behind her eyes.
Hermione wondered if Greg's mother was like other purebloods, prejudiced against muggleborns.
Hermione then noticed there wasn't a photograph of Millie.
Was that hidden somewhere else?
She wondered.
Hermione placed the photograph back on the table.
Hermione thought about sitting on the bed but thought against it.
Hermione smoothed her hands down her Gryffindor sweater and skirt.
She had chosen not to wear her robes tonight.
Instead she opted to wear her Head Girl badge.
… Greg was still hugging Pansy when Astoria opened the door.
Both their heads turned towards Astoria.
The younger Greengrass looked a little wide eyed at seeing the two together.
"So, this is happening again?"
Astoria asked, shaking her head and clucking her tongue with disappointment.
"Nothing happened," Greg and Pansy said together.
Greg quickly removed his arms from Pansy's waist.
"Ever heard of knocking?"
Pansy said, wiping her eyes and teasing the younger girl.
"Ever heard of a lock?"
Astoria teased right back, smiling.
"Goyle, I've got a present for you."
Astoria smirked at the Slytherin Brute.
"Are you going to be okay?"
Greg asked Pansy before standing.
"I'm fine," Pansy said.
"Go on."
Once Greg was out in the hallway, Astoria cast a quick drying spell on his sweater, getting rid of Pansy's lip gloss and mascara on his collar as well.
Greg looked at her curiously.
"What's going on?"
Greg asked.
"I have a present for you."
Astoria said, with a wink.
"You said that already," Greg remarked as they walked past the Common Room.
Greg noticed Harper was looking as though he just drank sour milk.
Greg realized Astoria was leading him down the Hallway to the returning eight years boys' hallway.
When they reached Greg's closed bedroom door, Astoria smiled.
"Have fun," the younger girl winked again before walking away.
Astoria wanted to add "if you don't want her, send her to my door," but that would spoil the surprise.
Although Astoria had had the hots for the Head Girl for a few years, she'd never steal a fellow Slytherin's girl.
Greg shook his head before opening the door to his bedroom.
He was taken aback at seeing Hermione's curvy figure standing by his bed, wearing her uniform complete with head girl badge.
The soft vanilla and lavender fragrance filled his nose.
She didn't seem to hear him come in as she was looking at his pictures.
Shutting the door softly behind him.
Greg went to stand behind his brunette angel.
"Hey," Greg said, smiling when she turned around with surprise.
"Oh, hi!"
She said, jumping a bit.
Merlin, Greg looked sexy.
The strong Slytherin looked very masculine with stubble across his jawline.
His v neck sweater covering his broad shoulders, the white oxford shirt underneath opened, tie removed and hanging out of his pocket.
Hermione found her eyes drawn to the patch of dark brown chest hair.
She noticed another scar on his collarbone.
Hermione wondered if all women were entranced by the exposed patch of chest hair on men.
Was it akin to a woman's cleavage for men?
"Sorry I didn't mean to frighten you," Greg smiled, he noticed the way Hermione was checking him out and it pleased him.
"I took your book by mistake," Hermione explained, nervously, attempting to keep her thoughts clean.
Greg noticed her apprehension.
When Greg took the book from her hands, he noticed that her hands felt cold.
"Oh, do I have yours?"
Greg asked calmly, not wanting Hermione to worry in his presence.
"No," Hermione said.
"I returned to my dorm and saw I had both.
I thought you might need it."
The brunette smiled.
There was a silence between them as Greg walked over to his desk to set the book down.
"I can't believe you have your own room," Hermione said, with a tone of amazement.
Gryffindors did not.
"Since there are so few returning eighth year students, we each have our own," Greg explained, placing the book in his bag.
"Don't they have them in Gryffindor?"
"No," Hermione said.
"All the returning eighth years share a bedroom and a bathroom.
Of course, there are more that returned," Hermione realized just now.
There was a moment of silence before Hermione turned back to the photos.
"Is this your mother?"
Hermione asked, picking up the photo of the thin, dark haired woman.
"Yes," Greg said, standing beside Hermione.
"She's very beautiful," Hermione said.
Hermione placed the photograph back on the table.
"This one is so precious," Hermione continued, picking up the photo of four-year-old Greg with Crabbe.
"You were so cute."
"Thanks," Greg said, blushing a bit.
That photo was a favorite of his, but it was embarrassing for him.
Greg was such a chubby little boy.
"I never knew you two grew up together," Hermione said, feeling like she should have known.
Greg and Vince were always together from their first day at Hogwarts.
"Our manors are next to each other," Greg explained.
"Vince's mother died in childbirth, so my mum helped Crabbe Sr. raise him."
"That's so sad.
I never knew," Hermione said, putting the photo back.
"That was nice of your mum.
Is it getting easier…being without him?"
"I still miss him," Greg said, looking into Hermione's eyes.
"But it gets easier every day, especially with the right company."
Greg noticed the way Hermione looked down blushing.
He hoped she knew that he meant her.
Hermione felt a heat spreading within her.
She tried to focus her attention on something other than the bed beside them.
However, when Hermione looked up, she saw Greg's dark eyes, broad shoulders, his strong arms, and her thoughts were derailed.
He was so ruggedly handsome.
"You don't have any windows," Hermione said, noticing absent mindedly.
She kept trying to ignore the fire in her lower belly.
The bed was still right beside them.
There was a part of her that was ready to let her fantasies play out in real life and yet another part that was hesitant.
"The Dungeons are basically a basement," Greg explained.
Hermione folded her arms across her stomach.
Greg noticed Hermione seemed a bit stiffer than when they were at the library or in class together.
Was it that unlike the library, here they were truly alone?
Greg noticed Hermione's eyes kept returning to his bed, her cheeks pinking each time she glanced at it.
Pansy was right, Greg thought.
Hermione really is a virgin.
Would he really be lucky enough to have the honor of taking Hermione's virginity?
Merlin, he'd never been a girl's first before.
"Can I walk you back to the Head Dorms?"
Greg asked, moving to open the door.
Not wanting to get too excited fantasizing about making love to Hermione, especially not when she seemed so skittish around him.
Has she done anything before?
He wondered.
Any sort of foreplay?
Greg found himself wanting to know more about his tutor's past relationships.
"Yes," Hermione smiled, following Greg.
She felt the strongest urge to grab his hand, to kiss him, but the bed next to them had haunted her.
The exhilarating, delicious fear that if she kissed him right now, they would wind up on the bed.
A few images flashed through her mind, Greg on top of her, her chestnut hair splayed out against the green comforter.
She imagined him beginning to undress her when she mentally kicked herself again.
No, Hermione thought.
Don't think about it.
Not now.
When the pair came back out of the hallway towards the common room, every single set of eyes was watching them.
Greg felt Hermione place her soft, small hand in his, noticing Harper's glare of anger at the couple.
She's mine, Greg thought, giving Harper a fierce look.
Greg removed his hand from Hermione's to place his around her waist, taking Hermione's hand in his other hand.
If there was ever any doubt as to whether the Gryffindor Princess and Slytherin Muscle were together, that doubt was vanquished tonight.
Many wondered if the mismatched textbook was simply a cover to have a quick shag.
When the two emerged from the portrait, Theo had a look of shock on his face at seeing Greg with his arm around Hermione.
"Out of the snake pit, I see," Astoria said to Hermione while winking at Greg.
Hermione gave a small smile but didn't respond.
Unsure of what to say in reply.
"I feel bad for hexing Theo," Hermione admitted to Greg once Theo and Astoria were out of earshot.
"Now every time he sees me, he runs away.
Maybe I should apologize?"
Greg and Hermione were still holding on to each other.
Greg noticed the way Hermione bit her lower lip and found it incredibly sexy.
"If you want to apologize, then that's nice," Greg smiled at her kindness.
"But don't feel bad because he deserved it.
Theo will get over it sooner or later.
His ego is just a tad bruised."
Hermione pulled her hand out of Greg's as they began climbing the stairs.
It seemed impractical to the brunette for them to hold onto each other, the risk of falling seemed too great.
Greg felt a bit disappointed when Hermione pulled her hand away.
"Was tonight your last night of detention?"
Hermione asked, softly.
She wanted to hold Greg's hand once more but kept her hands at her side.
"Yes," Greg said, about to ask Hermione about the Pool party when she continued.
"That's good," Hermione said.
"We have to get back to our tutoring schedule."
"It's the weekend, Hermione," Greg teased.
They reached the outside of the Heads Dorms.
"Can't this wait till Monday?"
Hermione was about to lecture Greg on the importance of studying when they were interrupted by a familiar voice.
"There you are, Granger," Draco said, stepping out of the portrait.
"You keep running off."
"You're the one that got on the shifting staircase," Hermione said with a laugh.
"Worried about me, are you?"
"Hey, Greg," Draco said, avoiding Hermione's question.
"Hey," Greg responded, hitching his chin.
"Where exactly did you run off to?"
Draco asked, looking from Greg to Hermione and back again.
The blonde wondering why Greg and Hermione were together now.
"If you can believe it," Greg began.
"She was given access to the Dungeons…by Astoria."
Greg winked and Draco smirked in reply.
The two men knew about Astoria's little crush, but it was a private joke that Hermione felt left out of.
"Felt brave enough to enter the Serpent's Den?"
Draco teased Hermione, watching the way Hermione became defensive, pursing her lips.
"In case you forgot," Hermione said, crossing her arms.
"Bravery is a definitive trait of Gryffindors."
"I thought I heard Greg's voice," Blaise said, sticking his head out of the portrait.
"Greg, did you get your invite to the pool party tomorrow night?"
"Yes," Greg smiled, pulling the invitation out of his pocket.
He heard Hermione sigh beside him before walking through the portrait.
"Well, I'm going to bed," Hermione said, wanting to groan.
The blasted Pool Party, she thought.
"Goodnight, boys."
Hermione waved behind her at Greg.
Greg furrowed his brow at the Head Girl.
Blaise quickly moved to follow Hermione.
Ginny had mentioned Hermione might be reluctant about going, Blaise thought.
"Women," Draco sighed, shaking his head at his friend.
"Yeah," Greg smiled, before turning to walk back to the Dungeons.
Hermione certainly is an enigma, he though.
ello my lovelies!
Here is chapter 9.
A little later than promised.
First of all, I hope you all don't feel that there is too much going on in this story with other characters (particularly in this chapter).
Although Greg and Hermione are the main characters, (And I feel like the story is centered around their relationship), I really wanted this to be an ensemble piece.
That's why I add the side stories with other couples.
Secondly, for those of you that like Ron, I don't mean to be Ron bashing.
He's a great character.
We all make mistakes sometimes.
Please enjoy!
Disclaimer: I own nothing…..
 Rowling owns everything…and I love her for it.
Chapter 9 Blaise felt a hand on his shoulder.
The raven haired wizard opened his eyes to see his boyfriend standing over him.
Blaise looked to the left and saw Hermione next to him.
He knew it was Hermione, but her face was hidden beneath a mass of long, messy chestnut curls.
Blaise rubbed his eyes as he sat up.
"Should I be worried?"
Draco teased, nodding his head towards a sleeping Hermione with a smile.
Draco had fallen asleep waiting for Blaise to come to bed.
When Draco woke up and Blaise's side of the bed empty, the blonde figured Blaise had passed out in Hermione's room.
"Sorry, love," Blaise said, stretching.
"I didn't mean to spend the night here."
Blaise looked at Hermione's muggle alarm clock with a groan.
It was a little after 8am.
Too early for a Saturday in Blaise's opinion, but Draco was an early riser.
"Is everything okay?"
Draco whispered, leading Blaise out the door.
The blonde pointed at Hermione, who stirred a bit in her sleep before turning on her side.
"Yes," Blaise smiled.
Blaise had noticed Draco's changing attitude towards Hermione.
It pleased him immensely.
The Italian wizard always liked it when everyone was getting along.
"She was just a bit shaken up after yesterday.
You know, Slughorn."
Blaise spun his index finger in a circular motion by his head.
Slughorn had become a little soft in the brain this past year.
Blaise's mind drifted to last night: After Hermione had quickly said goodnight to Draco and Greg with an irritated sigh, Blaise went to find out what was bothering her.
Blaise waited patiently as Hermione showered, waited until Hermione had changed and was ready to confide in him.
It was nearly midnight when they finally talked.
Hermione confessed how she had never really experienced desire before: "I'd see Lavender and Parvarti giggling about boys, but when I looked at those boys, I felt nothing," Hermione said, shaking her head.
"I've always put my studies first.
I knew there'd be time for boys and romance later on, but it felt strange to not even like one boy.
I mean I had a crush on Ron.
I thought we'd wind up together, but I never felt like this about Ron," Hermione said, pausing a moment as Blaise wrapped his arm around her.
"And I had a few other crushes on Remus and Professor Lockhart, but it was nothing compared to what I feel now.
I didn't have fantasies of them….," She sighed into her hands not wanting to discuss how naughty her thoughts were with Blaise.
"Now Greg comes along and it's like I can't turn any of this off."
She added quickly.
"You must feel like you're losing control, right?"
Blaise had said, soothingly as he rubbed her back.
Hermione nodded in reply.
"It's normal to feel this way when you have a crush on someone," Blaise reassured Hermione.
Blaise smiled as he began reminiscing with Hermione about his first crush.
"It was actually Ron if you can believe it," Blaise confessed, laughing at how Hermione's jaw dropped.
"I thought his freckles were cute and I felt a lot like you are feeling now.
Oh Merlin, the things I wanted to do to that boy," Blaise giggled as Hermione scrunched her nose.
"So, I take it you can't tell me whether Ron has freckles everywhere?"
Blaise said, wiggling his eyebrows.
"No," Hermione said, eyes widening.
"And I don't want to know if Ron has freckles on his...you should ask Lavender."
Hermione said, giggling a little as Blaise smiled, contemplatively.
Hermione lowered her eyes with a sigh.
Blaise sensed their conversation might be coming to an end.
"Just so you know, you're worth a hundred Lavender and Parvarti's!
Each!"
Blaise said, making Hermione smile.
Blaise hugged his friend, feeling honored that Hermione trusted him enough to share these revelations that she'd never told anyone.
Blaise hadn't meant to fall asleep next to Hermione, but it was almost two am when they'd finished talking.
Sleep had overcome both of them.
Blaise was pulled back to the present as he shut Hermione's door behind them.
"Fancy a trip to Hogsmeade?"
Draco asked, as Blaise nodded with a yawn.
"I need a shower first," Blaise remarked as he walked into the Head Boy's bedroom.
"What a coincidence, so do I," Draco teased, smacking his boyfriend's arse as he closed the bedroom door behind them.
….
"So, what's going on with Hermione?"
Harry asked, pouring Ginny another cup of coffee.
It's too early in the morning for this, Ginny thought.
She was sitting at the small kitchen table in Harry's flat.
She was wearing one of Harry's sweatshirts, hair up in a messy bun, and looking delightfully satisfied.
Last night was just what I needed, she thought with a smile before biting into a piece of sausage.
Ginny had woken up about a half an hour ago to make pancakes, scrambled eggs, sausage, and bacon.
Harry sat across from his fiancée in nothing but his boxers and an undershirt.
He was very appreciative, but he also wanted to know how Hermione was.
Harry was quite concerned about his friend after yesterday.
"Don't give me that look, love," Harry scolded playfully.
"I know something is up.
She hasn't been writing as much as she did at the start of term.
Yesterday she ran into the Gryffindor common room faster than if she were on a nimbus 2001."
"Yeah, like Hermione would ever ride a broom," Ginny giggled at her fiancé, before thinking about the Hermione's steamy flying lesson with Greg.
"It's Malfoy.
Isn't it?"
Harry said, dropping his fork.
Harry slammed his forkless hand on the table.
"I knew it.
That son of a bitch."
"Harry!"
Ginny said, jumping up a bit surprised at Harry's temper.
Harry was only this frantic when someone he loved was in danger.
It came as a surprise to many people that Ginny never felt any jealousy over Harry and Hermione's closeness.
Anyone could see that Harry and Hermione had bonded like siblings.
"He's probably bullying her.
After all she shares a dorm with him," Harry thought, walking to the fridge to get some orange juice.
"Him and Zabini.
They're probably ganging up on her!"
"Harry, stop it!"
Ginny said, grabbing the carton from his hands.
"Malfoy is not bullying Hermione!
They're friends now…kind of," the redhead shrugged.
"And Blaise has been completely lovely.
He really cares about Hermione as well.
Hermione and I have become close friends with Blaise."
Ginny wrapped her arms around Harry's neck, giving him a peck on the cheek.
"Then what's wrong with her?"
Harry asked, placing his arms around Ginny's waist.
"Is someone else being mean to her?"
"No," Ginny said, shaking her head.
She was unsure if she should tell her fiancé about Greg and Hermione's budding romance.
Ginny let go of Harry and walked towards the sink wrestling with herself before deciding: "Alright, but if I tell you, you can't tell Ron."
"Don't worry," Harry said, crossing his arms with a huff.
"Ron's got enough to deal with right now."
"I know," Ginny said lowering her eyes.
"Mum is going to send him a howler for sure…but, still, you can't say anything to him.
Promise me."
"I promise," Harry said, crossing his heart in the old muggle tradition.
A tradition that she was familiar with once Harry taught it to her father.
"Hermione's falling in love.
She's been tutoring this student," Ginny said, biting her lip.
Not wanting to reveal exactly who Hermione was tutoring just yet.
"And they've gotten closer since the beginning of term.
I think he's falling in love with her as well."
"Really?
That's all?"
Harry asked, placing a hand on his heart with a sigh of relief.
"This is great!
Who's the lucky bloke?"
Harry watched as his fiancée fidget for a moment, wiping up crumbs from the table.
"Gin, who is it?"
Harry asked again.
"Greg Goyle," Ginny said, watching as Harry's jaw dropped.
"Goyle?"
Harry scoffed.
"You're kidding me, right?
Goyle?"
Harry said, running to his bedroom with Ginny following close behind.
"Where are my pants?
I've got to talk some sense into Hermione."
Harry said, looking through his drawers.
"He's not good enough for her!"
"He is, though," Ginny said, placing the clothes Harry placed on the bed back in his drawers only for Harry to rip them out again.
"He's so sweet and protective.
He looks at Hermione like she's the only girl in the world."
"Yes, darling," Harry said slowly in a didactic tone.
Harry quickly grabbed a plain t-shirt from his closet.
"That's because he has one working brain cell."
"Harry, that's not nice.
You're not giving Greg a chance," Ginny said, angrily.
"You should have seen him that day when Nott tried to kiss Hermione.
She hit Theo with a nasty hex, but merlin, Greg was ready to kick Theo's arse!"
Ginny said, punching her hand.
"I'm sorry," Harry said, raising his eyebrows and crossing his arms.
"Nott did what?"
"Oh," Ginny said, placing her hand over her mouth.
"You didn't know."
Her face continued to dip until her eyes were covered by his hands.
Harry sat down on the bed.
"Harry, please don't go all big brother on Hermione," Ginny pleaded, gently.
"I'm sorry," Harry said.
"I didn't mean to ruin breakfast.
I just worry about her is all."
Harry paused for a moment.
"It feels weird that you and Hermione have returned to Hogwarts and Ron and I are out here being adults."
Harry sighed.
He loved auror training, but he was still recovering from the war.
Somedays it was too much.
Being without Ginny and his friends was hard as well.
"I know," Ginny said, sitting down beside Harry.
She placed her hand in his, intertwining their fingers.
Harry lay his head on Ginny's shoulder.
Ginny knew it was tough for Harry and Ron that they were all separated.
"Alright," Harry said.
"I promise I won't tell Ron and I promise not to interrogate Hermione or Goyle, but..." Harry paused for a moment and Ginny bit her lip expecting the worst.
"In exchange, Hermione has to write me more."
"Well, what about me?"
Ginny teased, moving to straddle Harry.
The feisty redhead wanted to get in one more shag before having to return to Hogwarts.
"I was just getting to that, love," Harry said, kissing Ginny.
"McGonagall has agreed that date night can become a regular occurrence.
Twice a month until you graduate," Harry said, attempting to cover his ears as Ginny placed kisses all over his face squealing with delight.
"How did you manage that?"
Ginny asked, finally as Harry picked Ginny up to carry her into the shower.
"You get a lot of favors when you save the world," Harry shrugged, closing the door behind them.
….
Hermione awoke a little after 9:30am.
After using the loo and brushing her teeth, she went outside her door to realize that she was alone in the Head's Dorm.
The door to Draco and Blaise's room was open and the room was empty.
Hermione smiled to herself.
It felt good to have a little alone time.
Not that she minded Draco or Blaise, but they could be a bit loud and chatty at times.
These rare moments of alone time were cherished.
She walked down to the bookshelf and pulled the book that read, "Kitchen."
The kitchenette appeared and Hermione moved to put the kettle.
Then retrieved the ingredients out to make oatmeal.
Normally Hermione didn't like such a sparse breakfast, but it was welcome this morning.
Hermione was feeling better after her talk with Blaise.
Somehow having Blaise tell her that the feelings she was experiencing were normal made her feel better than when Ginny had said it.
Perhaps because Ginny's sexual awakening had come at such an early time for the redhead.
Plus, Ginny wasn't as much of a control-freak as Hermione.
The truth was Hermione loved to be in control at all times, especially of herself, and the feeling of losing control terrified her.
She wondered if Greg felt the same way she did, if this chemistry between them was driving him just as crazy as it drove her.
Hermione's mind drifted to last night as she stirred the oatmeal.
Hermione wondered if Greg could sense how nervous she was being alone with him.
It wasn't that she was frightened of Greg.
She somehow knew he wouldn't force her to do anything she didn't want to.
She was more frightened of her own thoughts and their effect on her.
It was like an experiment.
Every time she saw Greg, new tingly feelings of lust and euphoria rushed through her body which made her stomach flip-flop and her brain foggy.
The kettle began to whistle, and Hermione grabbed her teacup, placing the spell Molly had taught her to make the wooden spoon stir the oatmeal by itself.
This past week the evenings had been lonely without Greg.
Last night Hermione tried to establish their tutoring sessions for next week, but Greg hadn't wanted to discuss studying on the weekends.
Just like every other student, Hermione thought with a roll of her eyes.
Hermione wanted to solidify their schedule because she looked forward to their tutoring sessions together and it wasn't just because Greg was eye candy.
It was because she truly enjoyed being his company.
She realized that this past week when she noticed how empty the evenings had become without him and how she treasured all of the classes in which they were partnered.
Yes, Greg is handsome and sexy, Hermione thought.
But he possesses so many admirable qualities too.
Smart, kind, trustworthy, a good friend.
Hermione pulled herself from her list-making when she noticed how thick the oatmeal had become.
She focused her attention on tonight as she grabbed a bowl and spoon.
Although Hermione was still a bit nervous about going to the party tonight, she felt more secure.
Hermione scooped the oatmeal into a bowl and turned off the stove.
How many people were going to the party tonight?
She wondered.
She pulled down one of her mugs and poured the water in there.
What am I going to wear?
Hermione thought.
I suppose I'll have to transfigure something.
Hermione set these worries aside for now with a shrug, quickly running upstairs to grab her Ancient Runes textbook.
She decided to read while she ate breakfast.
It never hurt to prepare for the upcoming week!
… The Great Hall was a bit sparse come lunch time.
Many students, like Draco and Blaise, had opted to eat lunch at the Three Broomsticks or one of the new restaurants in Hogsmeade.
They had done a terrific job remodeling Hogsmeade.
It was alive and vibrant with more options for students every weekend.
Theo was trying to talk Pansy into going to the Pool Party tonight.
Greg was only giving the conversation half his attention.
He kept looking over at the Gryffindor table to glance at Hermione.
Merlin, she's looks so pretty today, Greg thought.
Hermione was wearing a purple v-neck sweater which clung to her curves quite nicely while complimenting her hair and skin tone.
Their eyes had met a few times and they would exchange a smile.
A light blush would stain her cheeks as she looked away.
When Greg wasn't smiling at the Head Girl, he kept noticing Neville Longbottom looking at Pansy beside him.
The "war hero" as the papers called him was looking at Pansy with longing in his eyes.
Greg heard Theo give another plea: "Pans, you have to go," declared Theo.
"If you're not there, who am I going to talk to?"
"You can talk to Greg," Pansy reasoned.
The dark haired girl gestured to Greg before cutting up her roast chicken.
Pansy couldn't help, but sigh at the way Greg looked at Hermione.
Granger's a lucky girl, Pansy thought.
The dark haired girl wasn't jealous, but every girl wants to be looked at the way Greg looks at Hermione.
"I can't even talk to him now," Theo said with a roll of his eyes.
"Besides he'll ditch me for Granger."
Theo began snapping his fingers in front of Greg's face to bring him back to earth.
"Knock it off," Greg said, shoving Theo's hand away from his face.
Have I been staring too much?
Greg worried.
Greg decided maybe it was better to focus on his lunch and his friends for a few moments.
"Like you wouldn't do the same," Pansy teased.
"Anyways, Theo you'll see some little swot that you haven't slept with and ditch me.
Greg will be off with Granger and then I'll have no one to talk to."
"I think you'll have someone to talk to," Greg said to Pansy, nodding towards the Gryffindor table.
Pansy looked confused until Theo mouthed "Longbottom."
Theo had also noticed the way Neville had been watching Pansy these past few weeks.
Of course, Pansy had been too caught up in her grief over Draco to notice anyone else.
"Really?"
Pansy said, eyebrows raised.
She looked over to the Gryffindor table.
Neville was talking to Hermione.
He has become quite handsome, Pansy thought.
He's not chubby like he used to be.
"Maybe I'll go," she said with a smile.
That was good enough for Theo.
"That's the spirit," Theo grinned.
The three silently returned to their lunch.
There was only the clinking of silverware around them until Theo asked: "Should I wear my speedo tonight?"
Greg choked on his pumpkin juice while Pansy dropped her fork.
"No," Pansy said with a huff of annoyance.
"For so many reasons."
Theo really does think he possesses a magical penis, Pansy thought while shaking her head.
"You know, Greg," Theo said with a smirk.
"I have an extra speedo.
You can show off your asset to a certain Gryffindor."
Theo winked at his friend.
Pansy giggled as Greg snorted.
"No.
Thanks," Greg said, thankful when the owls flew into the Great Hall to deliver mail.
Everyone was pulled from their lunch as newspapers, packages, and letters fell into their hands.
Greg was happy when Scuttle dropped a letter and the Daily Prophet beside him.
It was from his mother.
She hadn't written in a few weeks and he was worried.
Opening it, Greg read: Hello Darling, I received your past few letters.
You're such a good son to worry, but I am fine.
You'll be happy to know that I haven't been shopping!
Instead I've been spending more and more time with Vincent.
It's been very lonely here and he's been a good friend.
He's still heartbroken over Young Vincent's death and asks about you often.
I was thinking perhaps it's time to sell the manor.
I think we need a fresh start.
It's hard being surrounded by all the many bad memories in this manor.
Renata Zabini offered to give us one of her manors in the English Countryside.
I went to meet with our financial advisor at Gringotts.
He says we can afford the property in full, but Renata refuses to take any galleons.
She is such a dear friend to us.
But more importantly, a little birdy informed me that you have a lady friend.
I wish I would have heard it from you in your letters.
Please write me, darling.
Tell me everything about her.
Invite her for the Christmas Holidays, if you'd like.
I just want you to be happy, honey.
Love, Mum.
Little Birdy, my arse Greg thought.
I'm going to kill Blaise.
Greg found it interesting that Blaise didn't mention that his "lady friend" was the famous muggleborn, Hermione Granger, not that it would have mattered to his mother.
Greg was beginning to feel proud that his mother had never been concerned with blood status.
His father had always thought this a disappointing and shameful trait in her.
As far as the manor was concerned, Greg wouldn't mind selling it.
It was time to live in a place that wasn't riddled with terrible memories.
Greg was incredibly happy to hear that his mother was not shopping.
When Greg's father was alive his mother used to buy clothes, shoes, jewelry, furniture, and accessories as a way to cope with an abusive husband.
Of course, back then they had as many galleons as the Malfoys.
Now they had about half that, not destitute, but not enough to sustain Mrs. Goyle's shopaholic tendencies.
However, Greg was a bit anxious to learn that his mother was getting closer to Crabbe Senior.
He was a good man, better than Greg's own father, for sure, but Greg thought it too soon for his mother to become involved with someone.
As far as Greg knew Crabbe Senior had never raised a hand to his son.
Greg never saw any reason to believe the older man to be abusive toward anyone.
Like Goyle Senior, Crabbe Senior was a deatheater but had gone into hiding after his son's death.
Still none of this would stop Greg from worrying about his mother.
Greg was pulled from his thoughts when he heard a shrill scream across the room.
It was Lavender, holding her copy of The Daily Prophet, staring at it with shock.
The blonde girl ran out of the Great Hall, the Patil twins, Hermione, and a few other girls following her.
Greg quickly grabbed his copy of the newspaper.
The headline read: Golden Boy Caught in the Act!
Article written by Rita Skeeter.
Underneath there were several photos of Ron looking angry at the camera and holding his hand up to the camera to cover his face before the article began: Ronald Weasley, friend of the famous Harry Potter and member of the Golden Trio, was caught in a compromising position with Miss Susan Bones in an abandoned lift this past week.
Mr. Weasley, son of respected Ministry worker, Arthur Weasley, is in the Auror Training Program.
Mr. Weasley and fellow trainee Miss Bones were caught "getting busy" in the broken lift when Ministry Repair Man and Janitor, Reg Cattermole caught the pair.
Many may remember that Mr. Weasley and fellow Golden Trio member, Hermione Granger were linked romantically.
Sources say that this was the reason the Golden Girl terminated their romantic relationship.
"The youngest Weasley boy is a sex addict.
He always has been," a reliable, unnamed source says.
"He sticks his [redacted] in any witch that looks his way."
Neither Mr. Weasley nor Miss Bones have released a statement to the press and there is much speculation as to whether he and Miss Bones will be expelled from the Auror Training Program.
"Over the years, we've seen a lot of misbehavior from our trainees at different times," an unnamed Auror Trainer says.
"But this takes the cake so to speak.
Mr. Weasley and Miss Bones have acted carelessly.
It is obvious they don't value their training."
As always, The Daily Prophet will continue to update on our readers on this matter.
We pride ourselves on our honest, truthful reporting.
Greg couldn't help but wonder if the Weasel's so called "sex addiction" was the actual reason he and Hermione didn't work as a couple.
Blaise had said that Hermione felt that dating the Weasel was like dating a cousin, Greg thought.
Or something like that.
Greg shook his head dropping the newspaper.
The Daily Prophet has never been "honest" or "truthful."
"I'm going to write my mother back," Greg said, standing.
"I'll see you two later."
"Bye," Pansy said softly.
She was about to return to her lunch until she noticed Theo staring blankly with his mouth slightly open at the Prophet.
Theo was holding his copy of the Daily Prophet, staring at it with disbelief.
The Weasel really fucked up, Theo thought with a snort.
Could this be my chance?
Theo was being incredibly honest with his friends that day after the scrimmage.
Theo really did have feelings for Lavender, but he had a complicated relationship with the blonde girl.
Theo had slept with most of the girls at Hogwarts, but he had always come back to Lavender.
It was nearly two years ago when Lavender suggested becoming a couple, demanding commitment from her friend with benefits.
Theo had declined, saying some terribly cruel things to Lavender.
Lavender moved on to a few other guys before settling on Ron.
She completely ignored Theo now.
The blonde girl never even looked his way anymore.
Theo began wrestling with himself now.
He had never been completely comfortable with monogamy or commitment.
Pansy recognized Theo's inner battle for it was written plainly across his face.
"You know," Pansy began with a sad smile.
"The last time we had sex you called me Lavender during it."
Theo was about to apologize when Pansy held up a hand to stop him.
"I think you've got to stop lying to yourself," Pansy said.
"You love her.
I think you always have.
Hell, she's the only one with a reputation as bad as yours.
Are you really happy without her?
Are you really happy sleeping with a bunch of different girls rather than sleeping with the one girl that actually matters to you?
Just think about."
Pansy returned to her lunch, happy that she had tried to talk some sense into Theo.
Perhaps I will go to the Pool Party tonight, she thought with a smile.
Theo didn't remember calling Pansy by Lavender's name, but he didn't doubt that he did it.
Theo's stomach turned with guilt.
For the first time, he was disgusted with himself.
How could he be such a dog to call Pansy Lavender?
Theo rose thanking Pansy for the advice and walked slowly towards the Dungeons turning her questions over in his mind.
….
Ginny strolled into the Gryffindor Common Room in a blue track suit, carrying a little bag.
Thankful she had brought a change of clothes last night.
It would be embarrassing walking past everyone in the dress they saw last night.
The red head wasn't completely shocked when she saw Ron sitting on the couch being comforted by Dean, Seamus, and few other boys.
Obviously, her brother wanted to repair the damage done to Lavender.
At least the Prophet didn't mention Lavender's name, Ginny thought.
"I didn't mean to," Ron said, face in his hands.
"I just…It's tough with Lavender being here and I'm there and Susan.
Merlin, you've seen how she's gotten so fit."
A few boys nodded in agreement.
"I can't believe you are my brother," Ginny said, face contorting in disgust.
Ginny crossed her arms under her breasts.
"You've got some nerve.
Don't claim to be the victim here."
"Lay off, Ginny," Ron said, brow furrowing.
"You've no idea what it's like…" "Cheating is a choice," Ginny argued.
"You chose to stick your prick in someone other than your girlfriend."
A few students gathered around to watch the action between the siblings.
"And Lavender hasn't been fooling around?"
Ron snapped, embarrassed and angry.
Who does Ginny think she is?
Ron thought.
He knew that Lavender had been faithful, but it was difficult making their relationship work.
The pair being separated by Ron's Auror Training and Lavender in Hogwarts.
"You're an idiot," Ginny snapped.
"She's been completely faithful to you.
Good luck finding another girl like her, especially now."
Ginny had heard from Harry what had happened before getting an owl from her father.
The Weasley family patriarch disappointed in his youngest son, but asked Ginny to try and be supportive.
Ron stepped closer to Ginny to argue further and to blame Rita Skeeter for his rotten luck.
Meanwhile up in the girl's dormitories, Lavender sat on her bed surrounded by Hermione, Padma, and Parvarti.
All the girls trying to comfort her.
"I just can't believe it," Lavender said sniffling.
The blonde was on her third box of tissues.
A few strewn about the floor.
She was crying on Parvarti's shoulder.
"How am I supposed to face everyone?
I feel so embarrassed, so betrayed.
How could Ron do this to me?"
Lavender blew her nose loudly into the last tissue in the third box.
Parvarti quickly grabbed another box, opening it for Lavender.
"It's going to be okay, Lav," Parvarti said, placing the box of tissues in front of Lavender.
"This will all blow over soon."
Parvarti grabbed a few tissues and wiped Lavender's eyes, trying to comfort her friend.
"Absolutely," Padma agreed with a nod.
"And your name wasn't in the Prophet or anything."
"Students will forget soon enough.
Before you know it, there will be another scandal to shock the school," Hermione said, brushing Lavender's hair away from her face.
Hermione and Lavender had never been very close.
Most of the time they are polar opposites, but they had become friends when Ron began dating Lavender again.
"Besides that, Ron doesn't deserve you and you know you can do way better than Ron."
Lavender smiled at the brunette before crying into another tissue.
"Yes, definitely," Parvarti said.
"You've always been out of his league.
There are plenty of other fish in the sea."
Lavender groaned into her hands.
"You know the old saying," Padma began with a giggle.
"The best way to get over a man is to get under another one!"
"Not helpful right now, sis," Parvarti said, shaking her head.
Padma was apologizing when they heard shouting from the common room.
Hearing Ron's distinct voice, Lavender stood up, wiping her puffy eyes, quickly.
The blonde marched out the door before anyone could stop her.
Hermione and the others ran after her.
"What are you doing here?"
Lavender shouted from the top of the stairs at Ron.
Before anyone could stop her, she marched towards him and before Ron had time to apologize or try to explain Lavender had slapped him.
She began hitting him over and over again.
Students began gathering around to watch the pair.
Some began clapping a few chanting "Fight!
Fight!
Fight!"
Romilda Vane shouted: "Kick him in the balls, Lav!"
Seamus and Dean tried to pull the pair apart.
"Alright.
That's enough!"
Hermione shouted and a hush fell across the common room.
All Gryffindor students knew Hermione was dangerous when she used that tone of voice.
The Head Girl raised her wand, placing an invisible barrier between Ron and Lavender.
"Ron, I think you should go."
Hermione said.
"But Hermione…" Ron said, trying to reason.
"I'm just trying to apologize."
Lavender tried to attack Ron once more but was bounced back by the barrier.
Hermione almost petrified Lavender but thought against it.
There was no way Lavender could break through the barrier.
"Now," Hermione yelled, authoritatively pointing at the door before placing her hands on her hips.
Ron knew exactly when Hermione was not to be messed with, so he lowered his head walking out.
Lavender gave a cruel stare to the back of Ron's head before running back up the stairs to the girl's dormitories.
Ginny ran after Lavender.
The redhead placed a hand on Hermione's shoulder as she passed her.
Hermione followed Ginny up the stairs to help console Lavender once more.
….
About an hour later, Hermione was walking back to the Head Dorms, trying to decide if she should give Lavender detention for hitting Ron so many times.
Of course, Ron isn't a student anymore, she reasoned.
But still Lavender's behavior should not be tolerated.
By the time she had reached the portrait, Hermione had decided that Lavender's heart was broken and there was no reason to cause more misery with detention.
Draco and Blaise were cuddling on the couch when Hermione wandered into the Common Room.
The couple had had a terrific morning in Hogsmeade.
They had eaten breakfast at the Three Broomsticks, before heading into a few shops.
There was a bag from the new shop in Hogsmeade called Wicked Scents, where Hermione had begun buying her shampoo, conditioner, perfume, and lotions.
When the blonde saw Hermione, he stood, grabbing the purple bag.
"Here," Draco said, thrusting the bag into Hermione's hand before sitting back down on the couch.
"What's this?"
Hermione asked, opening the bag to reveal, coconut shampoo and conditioner.
"Oh, thanks, Draco."
Saves me a trip, Hermione thought as she sat in the armchair.
"Don't mention it," Draco said, dropping down next to his boyfriend.
"The lavender scent has been driving me crazy.
I can't stand flowery fragrances.
Never use them again."
Draco's nose had noticed the second Hermione changed her shampoo.
He had been taking a couple of different allergy potions.
"Well, pardon me," Hermione scoffed, about to argue with the Head Boy that he had no right to order her to change her shampoo.
"How dare you…" "He means that in a nice way," Blaise interrupted, translating for his boyfriend.
The raven haired wizard was attempting to stop the fight before it began.
"Yes, I'm being completely nice.
Now go wash your hair," Draco said, as he pointed to Hermione's room.
"I'm sick of glugging a vial of Aller-potion every morning."
"Did you know about Ron?"
Blaise interjected quickly.
Blaise could see Hermione's eyes narrowing and he wanted to stop the potential duel before it began.
"No," Hermione said, shaking her head.
"I haven't been writing to them very much.
I'm so upset with the Prophet.
Ron is not a sex addict!
He just thinks with his…you know."
"No," Draco teased.
"I don't know, Granger.
Care to clarify?"
The blonde winked at Blaise, who shook his head and rolled his eyes.
"Ignore him, sweetheart," Blaise said, trying not to giggle.
"How is Lavender handling everything?"
"She's held up in the girl's dormitories," Hermione said.
"Crying her eyes out.
I feel so terrible for her.
She doesn't deserve this.
Ron showed up, but he left once she started hitting him."
"I would have paid to see that," Draco said, biting his lip.
The blonde wanted to laugh.
The Weasel really screwed up, the blonde thought with a laugh.
"Stop laughing, love.
That's not nice," Blaise remarked, smacking his lover on the shoulder.
"She probably won't be coming to the party tonight."
"Ginny just got back," Hermione reasoned with a shrug.
"She can talk to her.
It might be good for Lavender to get out, but she might also need a night in."
"I know someone who's happy about this," Draco said, giving a Blaise a knowing look before adding: "Besides me.
Well, I just find it funny really."
"Who?"
Hermione questioned.
"Theo," Draco and Blaise said together.
"Why would Theo care?"
She asked, a bit baffled.
"It's complicated," Blaise said, running a hand through his dark hair.
"Theo has always been fond of Lavender," Draco began explaining.
"He's slept with a lot of girls.
But he usually only sleeps with a girl once, then he loses interest."
"Plus, he doesn't like attachments," Blaise added.
"Do you want to tell the story?"
Draco asked, eyebrow arched.
The blonde crossing his arms and pursing his lips.
"No," Blaise said, wrapping his arm around his boyfriend.
"You're telling it beautifully."
Hermione could help smiling at their playful banter.
"As I was saying," Draco began once more.
"Lavender was different.
Theo kept her around.
I thought it was because she's very talented."
Draco wriggled his eyebrows at Hermione.
Hermione wrinkled her nose in disgust.
"Now that's just mean," Blaise said, pouting.
He tried to look playful about it.
"She never meant anything to me," Draco said, giving him a quick kiss to apologize.
Blaise smiled, but in all honesty, it hurt his feelings.
It was hard when they first started dating secretly.
Blaise was completely out and proud while Draco was closeted.
It was hard to make it work, to walk by Draco as if he meant nothing.
The pair running around in secret like criminals.
It was tough when Draco was constantly running off to sleep with some girl to keep up appearances.
The fear of being found out completely controlled Draco's life and his relationships.
Blaise was pulled from his thoughts when he heard Hermione gasp.
"Theo must have been the infamous Mystery Man," Hermione said, with eyes wide with an a-ha moment.
Draco and Blaise looked intriguingly at Hermione, so she explained: "Well, Lavender used to sneak off to meet with someone.
Sometimes she'd spend the night out of the dorms.
When we inquired about who she was meeting, Lavender would never say anything, not even to Parvarti.
We all just started calling him Mystery Man."
"I think they'd be good together," Draco said.
Blaise and Hermione nodded their agreement.
Blaise looked at the clock on the wall.
It was almost two in the afternoon.
"Alright.
Come on Hermione," Blaise said with a sigh.
He stood, giving Draco a goodbye kiss.
"We'll see you later, hun."
"What?"
Hermione said, with a surprise.
"We've got to go meet Ginny," Blaise said, grabbing Hermione's hand to pull her off the armchair.
"Where are we meeting her?"
Hermione asked.
Hermione quickly grabbed her coat, hat, and beaded purse as Blaise reached for his jacket and scarf.
"You'll see," Blaise smiled, linking his arms in Hermione's as they walked out of the portrait.
"I'm still worried," Draco said to himself.
He felt as anxious as he did earlier in the week.
With Blaise and Ginny working together, this party was going to be crazy.
…..
