Chapter 2 The next few days in the flat were completely insane.
The news very quickly got out that there were no healing potions left at the hospital so as more and more people became ill but couldn't do anything about it, the more quiet the streets got and the more chaos the community fell into.
Fred was now the only person left living in the building who wasn't ill and recent estimated figured informed them that eighty percent of witches and wizards in London had contracted some variation of the flu.
It had also been proven that there were at least four different illnesses spreading which had only caused more disarray.
Fred had been forced to close the shop because he couldn't run it on his own and Verity was sick while Lee was busy looking after Katie.
Professor McGonagall had put word in the Daily Prophet that all of the members of staff and the pupils were completely fine but the memorial service which was planned for next week was unfortunately cancelled for the student's safety.
St Mungo's was under constant streams of hatred because they couldn't treat any of the diseased patients and had actually stopped admitting people because it put the other patients at risk.
They had also banned infected healers from coming into work and their latest published piece of advice was that everyone should stay inside until they could administrate everyone the correct potion to everyone to make them better.
Meanwhile, word from the rest of the family was that as well as Harry, Ginny, Percy and Mr Weasley, Fleur, Ron and Mrs Weasley were now bed-bound, leaving only Fred, Hermione and Bill able to look after everyone.
Remus, Tonks and Sirius refused to leave Grimmauld place in fear of Teddy coming into contact with the infection.
There wasn't a single story in the prophet other than something about the viruses and teams upon teams of people were doing research and developing antidotes.
Unfortunately, the death toll had also risen to nearly thirty and was only expected to continue.
It now seemed like the wizarding population was doomed and the disease was unavoidable.
Fred constantly kept all the doors in the house open so he could get to anyone who needed something and was desperately trying to do everything he could to help.
Secretly, he was very grateful that Bianca would get up every morning to help him even though he would insist she didn't have to.
"It's just a headache," she would respond adamantly, "Besides, I'm a healer."
Fred would then remind her that her headache was so severe that it distorted her vision, meant she was very easily muddled or confused, caused her to regularly lose her balance and had once or twice caused fainting spells that could only be terminated by giving her a sleeping draught.
"Yes, but unlike George and Angie, I am capable of getting out of bed for reasons other than to throw up in the toilet and I'd hate for you to be lonely."
They'd have this conversation every morning and Fred would always give in to her, although never admitting that if she didn't help him, he would be completely lost.
Very soon, Fred was pretty sure that he was the only wizard aside from Remus, Tonks and Sirius left in London who wasn't ill. Everything had been closed down.
The shops didn't open, the newspaper wasn't published, the Ministry was all but empty and St Mungo's had firmly shut their doors after evicting everyone with the flu from the building to preserve the well-being of their other patients.
And then, just as George had suspected might happen, disaster struck.
Fred and Bianca had just finished their daily argument about whether she was allowed to get up and help him when she had gone for a shower.
Fred turned back to the boiling kettle and the pan of eggs on the stove for a while until a silvery light filled the room.
This was curious to him as they had firmly closed all the blinds and curtains in the building so as not to blind Bianca when she came into a room.
He spun around to see what was unmistakeably his father's patronus hovering above their counter, "There's been a mass breakout," Mr Weasley's strained voice filled the room, "Every Death Eater they had in Azkaban is out."
Fred dropped the frying pan and it landed on his foot with a clatter.
He didn't register this, nor did he hear George's concerned voice from the other room.
All he could think about was the message he'd just received.
"Fred?"
George had hauled himself out of bed and stumbled into the living space to find his twin standing frozen in the middle of the floor with a steaming pan on his foot, "Fred, what's happened?"
Bianca came out of the bathroom, snuggled in a fluffy dressing gown.
When her tired eyes fell on George, she cocked her head to the side, "What are you doing up?"
George motioned weakly to Fred, "My incompetent twin dropped a frying pan on his foot and seems to be incapable of picking it up again."
Bianca grabbed her wand, vanished the spilled eggs and gradually bent down to pick the pan up, straightening at an equally slow pace so avoid a head-rush.
She replaced it on the stove and put a hand on Fred's shoulder, "What's wrong, Freddie?
Are you sick?"
Fred gulped and shook his head numbly, "No," he said, "It's so much worse than that."
The three of them moved into Fred and Bianca's room- the sofas were covered in products Fred had been working on in his spare time- and sat on the bed.
"Dad sent a patronus," Fred began, "There's been a huge breakout at Azkaban.
All of the Death Eaters got out."
George's already green face turned white and Bianca grabbed one of each of the twins' hands and gripped them tightly.
"I think you were right, Georgie," Fred continued, "Don't you think it's strange that just as we hit the worst and everyone we know is ill, suddenly there's a breakout?
Just when everyone's at their weakest, suddenly this happens."
"It's a bit of a blow that this comes just as we were getting ready to celebrate one year after these people were put away, too," George said, rubbing his head and laying back on the bed.
Bianca cuddled up to him and sighed.
"Oi," Fred said, "Your room's through there.
This is my bed."
"It's too far," George moaned, "I want to stay here.
Besides," he motioned to Bianca who had already drifted into an uneasy sleep, "She clearly doesn't mind."
Fred rolled his eyes, "If she sits still for more than three seconds anywhere this happens."
"I think most wizards in London have a similar problem," George laughed, "They're either always asleep or always throwing up.
I can't believe you've escaped it."
"I still don't know how I've managed," Fred said, then turned his head when there was a call from the living room.
"Hello?
Is anyone there?
Fred?"
"Is that Lupin?"
George asked.
"Two seconds," Fred stepped out of the bedroom and went over to the fireplace where Remus Lupin's head was projected, "Remus?
What's wrong?"
"Oh, there you are.
I assume you've heard?"
"Oh yeah.
We've heard."
"Listen, this is serious.
You have to look after each other, especially Bianca.
We all remember what happened last time a Death Eater got hold of her and none of you are really safe from their wrath.
No one knows why this has happened, but there aren't enough people in good enough condition to fight back.
Tonks came down with a sickness this morning so it's looking like it's only a matter of time before Sirius and I get ill too but your mother tells me you haven't got anything yet.
Please try your best to stay healthy."
"I can't fight off every Death Eater by myself," Fred scoffed.
"You might have to.
I don't know what they're planning but it isn't good and we don't want to make it easier for them."
"It's already easy!
We're the only people who can fight!"
"Fred-" "Does Harry know?"
"Sirius has gone to tell him now.
He bought Teddy with him to hopefully lighten the blow."
"Yeah, maybe he won't throw a chair across the room of there's a baby there."
"Well, I'm pretty sure it's safe to say he won't be impressed.
Hopefully I'll get my son back in one piece."
"Well thanks for calling, please make sure we get any updates."
"Of course.
Look after everyone."
Fred quickly went through to George's room to check on Angie before going back to his room.
All three of his roommates had slept peacefully through his conversation with Lupin.
Fred had never felt so out of his depth.
Every single person he was close to could barely get out of bed because they were so weak.
Miraculously, he was completely fine and his day to day life had turned into delivering endless cups of cool water, every so often pressing a damp cloth to their foreheads, pulling blankets tightly around them or just providing some company.
That wasn't to mention the vomit he was cleaning up, the coughing fits he helped them through and the gallons of soup he had prepared.
He had also stopped in briefly at the Burrow, Shell Cottage, Percy's apartment and Harry and Ginny's flat to make sure everyone was fine there.
Therefore, he decided that he deserved some time off and climbed into bed on Bianca's other side.
Over the next few days, Fred began to think he must somehow be immune to the flu.
He lived in close proximity to three people who were infected and still, he was completely fine, if a little tired.
St Mungo's was completely locked up.
The mannequin had been removed from the entrance and the surviving staff and patients were kept inside.
Anyone who recovered from whatever they had been admitted for was forced to stay there until the epidemic ended.
But apart from those people, Fred was sure that he was the only person still functioning normally.
But while he may not have been ill, he was definitely scared.
Every morning when he got up, he'd look out of the kitchen window onto the abandoned Diagon Alley.
It was much creepier than it had been during the war because every shop was still standing but there was no one there to bring them alive.
The bright colours of the store fronts had never looked so dead.
The street he'd loved since he was a little boy was now in some post-apocalyptic type state that he couldn't fix by himself.
Bianca had stopped getting up in the morning to help him.
In fact, the only time any of the three of them moved was to use the bathroom or occasionally meet on the sofa to watch a fun Muggle film together.
On the morning of the anniversary of the Battle of Hogwarts, Fred woke up with a very determined mindset.
He got out of bed with a spring in his step, dressed as quietly as he could so as not to wake Bianca and began making his breakfast.
While his bacon was frying, he got three glasses of fresh, cold water and delivered them to George, Angie and Bianca.
As usual, he quickly checked all of their temperatures and, as usual, wasn't surprised when they were all ridiculously high.
After he'd eaten, he tiptoed back to George and gently roused him.
"I'm going out," he whispered.
"What?"
George groaned, squinting his eyes.
"I said, I'm going out."
"Where?
There's nowhere to go," George pointed out.
"I'll tell you when I get back."
"Why can't you tell me now?"
"Because you'll tell me not to go."
"Are you going by yourself?"
"Who do you suggest I go with?"
George grunted and rolled over so his face was in his pillow, "Don't take too long."
Fred rolled his eyes, glad that George was in no state to argue or even properly comprehend what he had been told.
He quickly went to inform Bianca of his outing.
She had a much less responsive reaction to George, only nodding her head without even opening her eyes and muttering, "Stay safe.
Love you."
Fred grabbed his coat and a set of keys before heading outside so he could apparate.
He appeared on the shore of a small island, a tall, prism shaped building above him.
He'd heard stories of people who had tried similar means of getting to the island only to set off every alarm and be arrested themselves but he had figured that the island, like everywhere else, would be abandoned so had decided to take the risk.
The exterior didn't look damaged in any way which then meant that the Death Eaters must have either snuck out or been let out.
Fred tried to ignore the distant wailing as he walked around the edge of the island, pulling his coat tighter around him to fight off the cold.
The screaming was the only sign of any human life anywhere.
Feeling decidedly, crept out, Fred apparated away and ended up outside a red telephone box in Muggle London.
He stepped inside, told the mysterious voice that he was 'investigating' and collected his name badge.
Every corridor was empty, every office locked and deserted.
Deciding his best bet of finding any useful information would be to start 'at the top', so to speak, Fred navigated to Kingsley's office.
Naturally, his door was locked and probably protected with multiple charms but he was past the point of caring about people coming for him so very simply kicked the door down.
It took a few attempts and many 'bombarda' spells but finally, the door gave in and Fred tumbled into the office.
He had planned to go through the recent paperwork on Kinglsey's desk and find out everything he could but he was shocked by a floating face in the fireplace.
The man didn't look at all ill, only slightly desperate for someone to answer.
"Hello?"
Fred said cautiously.
"Ah, thank goodness.
Where is Minister Shacklebolt?"
"He's sick, just like literally everyone else," Fred said, "Who are you?"
"It's really that bad, huh?"
"What do you mean?"
"The Minister told me that this flu thing was bad but if he has it too, I guess he wasn't exaggerating."
"How have you not managed to get it?"
Once again, the strange man ignored Fred's question, "Well, I suppose you must be some sort of assistant or deputy, so I'll tell you and you can pass on a message to the Minister, yes?"
"I'm not-" The man studied Fred curiously, "Do you know who I am?"
"Not the foggiest," Fred replied honestly.
"I'm the- what is it you call us- 'Muggle' Prime Minister.
I need to tell Kingsley that your wizard disease has spread.
Someone has just died from symptoms similar to those of your 'wizards flu'.
Someone who doesn't have magic.
"Chapter 3 Fred stared at him in utter disbelief, "You mean Muggles have caught a magical disease?"
"That's exactly what I mean.
And since the first fatality, at least twenty others have been diagnosed with the same thing.
You've sent the medical labs into complete disarray.
They don't know what's going on.
I hope you realise we don't have the means to combat this.
And it will spread much faster than it did in your community."
"Right yes.
Well, the thing is, I would absolutely love to help you, but I am the only wizard in London who isn't lying in bed, sick or dying.
And we have just had the biggest ever breakout from our most secure prison which means every person in the country is in danger.
So right now, I am nursing my family, trying to stop my business from completely crumbling while also hunting multiple criminals and trying to find out why this epidemic started in the first place.
I know what you're thinking, 'Oh, Fred, how brave of you, I can't believe everything you must be going through' and I know!
It's ridiculous.
So I'm sorry but there is nothing I can do to help you until I've sorted the magical community out."
The Prime Minister stared at him, blinked a few times and said slowly, "Listen, just as Minister Shacklebolt was obliged to inform me of the disease, I too am obliged to get back to him with updates.
If you genuinely are the only healthy wizard in London, I appreciate that there is nothing you can do.
But please let the Minister know."
Fred nodded, "I will."
As soon as the man's face had gone, Fred decided he'd done enough investigating for the day and would come back another time once he had informed Kingsley of the update and managed to explain why he had been snooping around his office.
The first thing he did when he got back to the flat was pop into George's room and let him know he was back.
Then, he ran down to the shop, grabbed some parchment, ink and two owls and went back up to the flat where he sat at the kitchen counter, allowing the owls to perch on the windowsill while he composed his letters.
They consisted of the same information, but one was addressed to Kinglsey Shacklebolt and the other to Professor McGonagall.
He explained how he and George suspected something suspicious might be going on and how he was going to try and sort it out to the best of his ability.
He told them what the Muggle Prime Minister has said and that he had a suspicion that he was the only wizard in London left.
He asked for any information either of them could supply and any support they could give.
He sent the letters off with the owls and then, just like he'd seen on the Muggle police dramas, started writing up everything he knew.
Using the wall of the living space as a board, he pinned up pieces of parchment explaining all the variations of the flu, when the first reported case was, when the Azkaban breakout happened and that day's information of the spread to Muggles.
Then, he created a list of things he still needed to find out such as the names of the escaped Death Eaters, where they could be, and how the disease started to begin with.
Fred set everything out in a timeline and then added his own suspicions which he had to prove or disprove to the bottom.
He spent the rest of the day in front of the wall reading and re-reading every article from the Prophet he had pinned up and annotating everything he could.
In fact, he was so immersed in his work, he completely forgot that there were other people in the building until he heard a crash and a groan.
Jumping in surprise, Fred shot to his feet and dashed to George's room where he found George lying on the floor, trying to sit up while Angie was shuffling across the bed to look at her boyfriend.
"What happened?"
"Need water," George grunted, indicating to a smashed glass on the floor next to him and a cut in his hand.
"And you didn't call because?"
Fred asked, helping his twin stand and get back into bed.
"I did," George retorted, "But you didn't come.
I figured you might be sick so went to get it myself, stood up too fast and next thing I know, I'm staring at the ceiling."
"Sorry," Fred said, performing a quick healing spell to fix George's hand, "I'll get you some water."
"Where were you?"
George asked when he came back.
"I was trying to make sense of what's going on.
I guess I must have got carried away.
Do you need anything, Ange?"
"No thanks," she was looking a George in concern and holding his hand tightly, stifling a cough or sneeze every so often.
George, meanwhile was studying his brother, eyes searching for what was clearly bothering him.
They shared a silent understanding that Fred would explain when they were in private and left the room, flicking the light off.
Realising how late it must be if George had finished his water and waited so long that he'd given up on anyone coming, Fred decided to go and check on Bianca.
He found her with the bedside light on reading a book.
"Feeling better?"
he asked, eyebrow raised.
"Absolutely not," Bianca said miserably, "But I couldn't sleep and I was bored so I decided to do some revision."
"Ok, Hermione, what have you done with my girlfriend?"
"Ha ha," Bianca deadpanned, "Very funny.
I can't let my standards slip at work just because I've been off for a while.
I need to stay on top of everything."
"But can you really focus?"
"Nope.
The words look kind of funny and I really have no idea what I'm reading."
"So," Fred moved across the room and gently took hold of the book, "Why don't you put the book away and I'll go and get you a sleeping potion?"
"No, I'm sick of lying here doing nothing."
"Are you tired?"
"Exhausted," she replied honestly, "But Fred-" "You're sick," he told her, "It's not your fault and there's nothing we can do about it.
So, as annoying as it is, and trust me, I know how annoying it is, you're going to just have to try your best to deal with it.
Don't force yourself to function normally when you can't."
Bianca sighed, defeated, "Will you stay with me?"
Fred nodded, "Why couldn't you sleep?"
"My head hurts, it's somehow simultaneously too hot and too cold, all my muscles ache and it all feels the need to remind me that I'm ill every five seconds.
It's like a constant stream of owls bringing letters telling me that I have a headache or I need an extra blanket or I have too many blankets or I really need a massage and a hot bath."
"Right.
So, what we're going to do now is shut the window so the owls can't get in, because something much more important has arrived."
"What's that?"
"Me."
Bianca smirked and rolled her eyes, "Of course."
"Do you want a hot bath?"
Bianca nodded sheepishly.
"Put this on," he tossed a dressing gown at her, "And meet me in the bathroom.
Take your time," he added before opening the door to the bathroom and turning on the hot tap on the bath.
He locked the door which attached to George and Angie's room and started adding various soothing soaps and nice smelling bubbles to the tub.
Bianca shuffled into the room when the bath was about half full, wincing at the bright lights and covering her eyes with her hand.
"Oh, sorry," Fred turned the artificial lights off and conjured some floating spheres which glowed a beautiful golden colour, "Better?"
Bea nodded and perched on the edge of the bath.
Fred couldn't help but think about how adorable she looked, so vulnerable and small huddled up in the huge dressing gown.
Arms wrapped around herself as a protection from the non-existent cold.
He wanted to swaddle her up like a baby and protect her with everything he had.
Unfortunately, she wasn't the only one who needed looking after and the rest of magical London needed saving.
"Fred," Bianca coughed, "The bath's going to overflow."
"Ah!"
Fred exclaimed and rushed to swivel the taps off.
Bianca giggled but ended up just spluttering as she choked.
"Ok," Fred rubbed her back soothingly, "Get in carefully.
Please don't slip."
Bianca got to her feet unsteadily and fumbled with the knot on the robe belt.
Fred stepped forward to help and gently took the dressing gown from her.
He hung it on the back of the door and then turned to help her step into the bath.
The warmth of the water shocked her slightly and her feet slipped slightly but Fred was there to hold onto her and gently lowered her so she was sitting.
Kneeling on the bathroom floor, he scooped up handfuls of water and splashed it on her back, rubbing the soapy suds into her muscles.
Bianca sighed, sliding further down into the bath and stretching her legs out so she could relax into his touch.
Once she was used to the warmer temperature, Fred helped her wash her hair, massaging shampoo into her scalp with his fingertips.
The hot water trickled down her neck, causing a shiver to run up her spine.
She stayed in the bath for about an hour.
Fred had charmed the water so that it would stay warm and he sat with her, not saying anything, only keeping her company.
When he noticed her eyelids starting to droop, he stood up and grabbed a heated towel.
"Come on," he said, "Time to go back to bed."
"But it's so warm," Bianca moaned, not wanting to get out of the bliss.
"Bed is warm too.
There are blankets.
And I can give you cuddles."
Bianca scowled, he lips pursed as she considered it.
"Also, it's safe to fall asleep in bed and there is no risk of drowning."
"There's no risk of drowning here because you'll look after me."
"So you don't want cuddles?"
Fred feigned a very sad look, pushing out his bottom lip.
"Yes!
I mean no!
I mean-" Bianca put a hand to her head and lowered her voice, "I want cuddles."
"Out you get then.
Slowly."
Once she was standing firmly on the floor, Fred wrapped the towel around her and hugged her from behind, placing a kiss on her cheek.
"Fred."
"Mm?"
"I don't feel well."
Fred looked at her.
The colour had completely drained from her face and her eyes, while wide with panic, were glazed over.
He just managed to scoop her up before she fell, rushed into their bedroom and deposited her in a seated position on the edge before wrapping the dressing gown around her shoulders and calling her name gently.
She swayed slightly and peeled her eyes open, tears already spilling.
"Don't worry," Fred soothed, "It was just the temperature change from hot to cold too fast.
You're ok." Bianca's face took on a green tinge and she leaned over, wheezing.
Fred rubbed his forehead and held her hand until she felt better and leaned into him.
"Is it cuddle time yet?"
she asked weakly.
"Why don't we get some pyjamas on first?"
Fred suggested kindly, opening the drawer under the bed and passing her a pair of fuzzy pyjamas.
He helped her get changed and then quickly changed himself before sliding into bed with Bianca, pulling her so that she was sitting across his lap.
"Where did you go today?"
she mumbled.
"I'll tell you in the morning," he said into her hair which he had dried with a quick wave of his wand and then tried his best to tie up for her, "Something tells me you're not really paying much attention right now."
"Hmm, good idea," she said drowsily with a nod, "Did you have fun?"
"Not really.
It was more educational than for leisure."
"Oh," she looked genuinely saddened by this, "That's a shame."
Fred smirked, "Maybe all this time it's not actually been medicine that makes you loopy.
Is it just your natural sleepy state?"
"Hey!"
"What?"
"I don't know," she wined.
Fred chuckled but his face fell as she said, "I'm scared, Freddie.
They're going to come and find me.
They're going to kill everyone and they'll come for us first and then Harry.
But we can't do anything about it because I'm sick and George is sick and everyone's sick and-" "Listen to me Bianca.
I'm not going to let anything happen to you, ok?
I've seen you put in danger enough times now and Merlin knows I'm never letting anyone do anything to George either.
You're safe with us and I promise I'm going to figure out what's going on."
"They tell me he's going to come back," she whimpered, "In my dreams.
They say they're bringing him back."
Fred froze, his heart skipping a beat, not wanting to admit to himself what she meant by that, "But that's impossible."
"I don't want him to come back."
"Harry killed him, remember?"
Bianca nodded slowly and buried her head into Fred's jumper.
They sat together peacefully for a few minutes until they heard a faint banging, followed by urgent footsteps.
Suddenly, George was standing in their doorway, hand over him mouth and face a lovely shade of green.
He stumbled into the bathroom and leant over the toilet, wretching and coughing extensively.
Fred sighed and slipped out of bed, smiling reassuringly at Bianca who looked deeply concerned.
He joined his brother, already holding a glass of water for him.
"This sucks," George sighed, resting his head on his arm.
"Yeah," Fred agreed, "It does."
"Why was the door locked?"
"Bianca was having a bath," Fred shrugged, "I figured she wouldn't want to be disturbed by someone running in to spew their guts up.
Not really the calming atmosphere we were going for."
"And you didn't unlock it because?"
"I was looking after Bea.
She got out of the bath too fast and fainted.
I forgot."
"Well thank Merlin I got here in time and didn't decorate the flat with my-" "No!
Stop.
That's not an image I need."
"I'm just trying to make sure you unlock the door next time."
"Ok, point taken, I'll unlock the door.
Sorry."
George nodded and then turned back to the toilet to empty whatever was left in his stomach into the bowl.
Fred escorted his twin back to bed, quickly checked on Angie, then returned to Bianca who was still sitting up, very alert.
"Is he ok?"
she demanded immediately, any sense of relaxation gone.
"Fine.
Or as fine as he can be, considering."
"Good," she sighed.
"Honestly, Bea.
I don't know how you do this every day," Fred yawned.
"Do what?"
"Look after people.
Heal them, care for them, treat them.
Deal with all the stress and constant worry that something awful might happen."
"I'm trained to," she coughed, "It's my job."
"That doesn't make it any less stressful."
"Well, think about it.
You grew up pranking and joking.
You've always looked at life from a positive side and never worried about the consequences.
I, however, grew up with you and always had to think about what to do if something went wrong.
It's natural for me to look after people but for you, it's not.
It's just not who you are."
"I like it better when you're delirious and don't make any sense," Fred decided, "It's much more entertaining."
Fred had decided that getting her to rest was a hopeless task and, despite how miserable she was feeling, Bianca wouldn't be able to get to sleep.
He had a suspicion that this was partially due to the nightmares she'd been having about the return of her father or the escape of the Death Eaters, even though she'd told him that it was just because she felt so rotten.
However, he also knew that he didn't want to be dealing with her suffering from exhaustion on top of everything else and she definitely wouldn't take a sleeping draught so decided to deploy Plan B.
He yawned widely and stretched up, looking at his watch on his wrist, "It's late," he said, raising his eyebrows as if he was surprised.
Bianca nodded and sat back, moving along to make room for him, "Come on, Doctor Weasley.
You've been working hard.
Time for some beauty rest."
"Maybe I should check on George first.
Make sure that he's-" "George is a big boy, he can look after himself."
"As long as you keep the bathroom door open!"
George called from the other room.
Fred smirked tiredly, shocked by how exhausted he actually felt now that he'd stopped playing healer for everyone.
Bianca raised her eyebrow and beckoned him forward, taking his hand when he was close enough for her to pull him down onto the bed.
He flopped forward onto his stomach, face buried in the pillow and Bianca lay next to him, her head on his back, arm wrapped around him and hand on his hip.
Both of them were fast asleep within seconds and George had to unsteadily make his way through to turn the light off and throw the blanket over them with a soft smile.
All four of them slept way into the next afternoon and were only awoken when the sun was setting.
Fred opened his eyes to feel Bianca playing with his hair lovingly.
"Are you ok?"
he asked.
She nodded.
"Do you want anything?"
he offered, before glancing at the bedside table where there were two full glasses of water.
Fred frowned before excusing himself and tip-toeing through the bathroom to see George and Angie.
They were both sitting up, surrounded by tissues.
George had pulled all the blankets towards him and was huddled up as he shivered while Angie was fanning herself desperately, fever soaring.
"Did you get fresh water?"
Fred asked.
"No," Angie said as George was preoccupied with a horribly sore throat which meant he could only croak.
"Where did it come from, then?"
He went into the kitchen where he was very surprised to find Mrs Weasley at the kitchen counter, sipping a mug of lemon tea.
"Mum?
What are you doing here?"
"Fred!"
she jumped and turned to look at her son.
He tried not to notice her pale face or the bags under her eyes.
"Oh, I just felt so bad about not seeing any of you," she explained wrapping him in a hug, "I just had to come and check on everyone.
I went to Ginny and Harry yesterday and Percy the day before.
I just think someone has to be here for you all."
"Mum, you don't need to do that," he said kindly, "I've been looking after everyone here."
"You?"
"Yes, mum," Fred replied patiently, "I'm not sick, remember?"
"Oh, of course, I'm so silly."
"Why don't you go home and get some rest?"
he suggested, "How long have you been here?"
"I got here this morning."
Fred glanced at the clock, surprised to see it was nearly five o clock, "But what have you been doing all day?
No one knew you were here!"
"You all looked so peaceful, I didn't want to wake you.
So I cleaned for a while, and then some letters came so I looked after the owls.
And of course I went to check on you a few times.
Oh, Fred?
What's this?"
she pointed at the wall where he'd pinned up everything he knew.
"I'm just trying to make sense of everything," he lied easily, "How is everyone at home?"
"No change, really.
Are there really three different sicknesses?"
She powered on, not allowing him to change the subject.
"Four, I think," Fred said, "I've asked everyone I know to explain their symptoms so I can narrow it down.
So far, there's one like Bianca has which is headaches, sore muscles and fainting spells.
George has more of a cold combined with severe nausea and then Angie has a fever and dizziness."
"What's the fourth?"
"Lee said he and Katie both have really bad short-term memories, get regular nosebleeds and spend most of their day vomiting in the toilet."
Mrs Weasley pulled a bloody handkerchief out of her sleeve, "That sounds like what I've got."
Fred nodded solemnly, "I'm working on it mum, I promise.
But for now, go home and see to everyone else.
I've got things covered here."
"I'll just go and say goodbye to everyone.
"Chapter 4 Once Mrs Weasley had gone back to the Burrow, he decided that the next day, he would go back to the Ministry and look around Kingsley's office properly.
It was too late to go anywhere that night and he had work to do for the shop so asked him housemates if they wanted anything to eat, carried Bianca out to the sofa so she could watch a Muggle movie and began cooking himself some dinner.
Bea had been complaining that she wanted to keep him company so he had said she could sit with him while he worked.
Once he'd finished the paperwork and owl orders for the shop, he joined her on the sofa for a while and then washed up his dishes.
Bianca was looking at the wall where he'd written everything up, "It's spread to muggles?"
she asked horrified.
Fred nodded solemnly, "When I went out the other day, I thought it would be a good idea to go to the Ministry and see what I could I find, seeing as I'm the only person who can actually do anything about this problem.
When I went to Kingsley's office, there was a man's head in the fireplace."
"You broke into Kingsley's office?"
"I don't have many choices left," he defended, "Anyway so this man was the Muggle Prime Minister.
He wanted to speak to Kingsley but he's obviously not available so I took the message.
Muggles have died because of our disease.
I'm going back tomorrow to see what else I can find."
"Don't go by yourself," Bianca said immediately, "It's not safe with the Death Eaters around."
"Bea, I went by myself last time, I was fine."
"But last time I was too tired to talk you out of it."
"There's no one to go with me," Fred said, "Unless you want me to take one of the pygmy puffs?"
"Freddie, please, don't go."
"Bianca, I don't know how high the death toll is but it's already too big.
I am the only person in London who can help.
Oh!"
he suddenly remembered the letters which had been delivered and headed back to the kitchen counter where Mrs Weasley had left them.
He opened the one from Kingsley first and was relieved to learn that the Minister was not in the least bit annoyed about Fred getting into his office.
In fact, he was glad that there was someone taking action to fight back.
He also explained that he was concerned about the spread of the flu to Muggles but told Fred not to worry himself with things he couldn't deal with.
McGonagall's letter explained that she wanted to meet with Fred to discuss everything properly and Fred replied immediately, proposing that she should go to the Ministry the next day to speak with him.
He didn't openly admit how out of his depth he felt, but was fairly sure it came across in his letter.
"Who are you writing to?"
George asked, leaning heavily on the doorframe as he emerged from his room.
"McGonagall.
She wants to help me," Fred looked at his brother, "You got up for a reason that wasn't to throw up.
Are you feeling better?"
"Nope," George snorted, "But I was concerned about my favourite twin."
"Why?"
"The only time I've seen you today was when you came in to demand where your glass of water came from.
And mum was here.
I was worried you might finally have succumbed to a sickness."
"Me?"
Fred laughed, "I seem to be invincible."
"Where have you been all day, then?"
"I slept in.
Epically."
George smirked, "I think it might be bedtime again."
Fred raised his eyebrows then followed George's amused eyes to the sofa where Bianca had fallen asleep, body half hanging off the sofa, lips slightly parted.
He quickly rushed over and repositioned her limp frame so that she wasn't going to fall and sighed.
"I know it's not your fault," Fred said, "But this is getting really annoying.
I'm so sick of worrying and running around making sure everyone's still alive and picking people up when they pass out in random places or cleaning up their sick or avoiding sneezes like they're curses.
Surly any normal sicknesses would have passed by now, medicine or not."
"As someone who is passing out, being sick and sneezing on a regular basis, I can reliably inform you that it's just as annoying for us.
But you're right.
Nobody's getting any better and it's taking so much out of us that it's not going to end well."
"Unless somehow I manage to fix it," Fred finished.
"Exactly."
"By myself."
"No.
I want to help."
"George-" "I've got flu, not the plague.
And I'm definitely not going to let you go out on missions by yourself where I don't know where you are or what you're doing.
We agreed we'd stay together, right?"
"I don't want anything to happen to you," Fred said.
"Something already has happened!
And if you don't let me help you, we're pretty quickly going to end up in another war."
"Ok," Fred agreed reluctantly, "I know what it feels like when people are trying to stop you doing something because you're ill.
But please tell me if you need anything."
"Fine.
What's the plan, then?"
"I'm-" "We're," George corrected.
"We're going to the Ministry tomorrow morning to see what else we can find about this flu and also to meet McGonagall.
Maybe it would be better if I met her alone while you do some more research, though."
"Why?"
"Because if she comes into contact with the virus, suddenly all of the students at the school will get it too and that's the last thing we need.
The staff are the only people left that we can rely on for help."
"Do you not think her coming to London is risky enough?
Every surface in the city is probably infected by now, whether I'm there or not isn't going to make a difference."
The next morning, Fred still tried to convince George once again to stay at the flat, if only to look after the girls.
"Look," George carried Angie through to Fred's room and placed her on the bed next to Bianca, "They can look after each other.
They have everything they could possibly need, including their wands, just in case.
We won't be long, they'll be fine.
Won't you?"
Angie nodded but Bianca just glared at them both.
"I know you don't want us to go Bea," Fred said, "But we'll be ok. And it's either this or we all get killed during whatever the Death Eaters are planning.
I think us leaving for a few hours is probably the preferred option, right?"
Bianca turned her head away.
"Fine," Fred said with a shake of his head, "Huff at us.
You'll be calling us heroes soon anyway."
He leant forward and kissed her cheek, causing her to blush and almost smile before remembering she was meant to be annoyed.
Fred chuckled and George pecked Bianca's forehead after saying goodbye to Angelina.
"I'm annoyed at you too," Bianca scowled at George.
"I know."
The twins Flooed directly into the Ministry, Fred holding his wand out in front of him just in case.
George took a few minutes to recover from the journey, just managing to wheeze how badly his head was spinning before vomiting over a pair of shoes belonging to someone who had just joined them in the foyer.
"Mr Weasley, I was not aware you would be bringing your brother."
"Professor McGonagall!"
Fred held George's shoulder steady and quickly waved his wand to vanish the offending sick, "I am so sorry."
"I'm sure it couldn't be helped."
George raised his hand in apology and looked at his old teacher, a green tint in his cheeks, "Sorry, Professor."
"Perhaps," she said, "I might have been wise if you had stayed at home?"
"I couldn't let Fred go out alone again given the breakout," George mumbled, "I didn't want anything to happen to him."
"Well then maybe a nice walk in the fresh air would have been a better alternative?"
"That doesn't matter now," Fred cut in, "Maybe we should head to the Minister's office."
George lagged behind slightly as they made their way through the corridors and Fred was forced to keep turning around to make sure his brother was there.
"I am very well informed of what has been going on," McGonagall started when they were seated in Kingsley's office, "A few of those who have lost their lives have been related somehow to a student at Hogwarts.
I felt it was important be aware of everything."
"Professor do you know what they symptoms were of those who died were.
I want to see if there is one specific strain of the flu which is deadly.
As I explained in my letter, there are, I believe, four different variations of the flu going around."
"So you wanted to see if one in particular was more dangerous?"
Fred nodded.
"The first person to die happened to be the parent of one of my students," McGonagall said sadly, "Naturally the girl wanted to know exactly how her mother died.
I believe the healer we spoke to mentioned that before her death, the woman had suffered from headaches, frequent episodes in which she would collapse and sore muscles.
One day her body shut down and, unlike her other fainting spells, she did not recover."
Fred closed his eyes and winced, trying to ignore that those were the same symptoms Bianca had, "Was there anything else?"
McGonagall nodded solemnly, "She had an unnaturally high temperature and regular dizziness."
Fred frowned, glancing at George, "From what I know which, granted, isn't very much, that sounds like a combination of two different illnesses."
"Wait," George said, "So what you're saying is that we're safe unless we get infected with separate viruses at the same time?"
"We can't be sure of that from one example," Fred said, "But headaches and sore muscles- that's what Bianca has.
But a fever and dizziness is more like Angie's.
Neither of them have shown any signs of having all of those symptoms combined but they've been ill for weeks and are still alive.
This woman had both and died pretty quickly.
I'd need to know more about the others who died to be sure but it sound like one disease by itself is nothing more than annoying."
McGonagall studied Fred, mulling over his theory, "But if that were the case, how have so many people become ill but very few have lost their lives?"
"Also," George said, "Angie, Bea and I are all sick with different things but we live in the same house.
Ange and I spend all day next to each other but we haven't given each other our sicknesses.
Why?"
Fred frowned, silent for a few moments, "Maybe," he said suddenly, "They aren't spread by human contact.
Think about it."
He stood up excitedly and grabbed a quill and spare piece of parchment from the desk before positioning it so that everyone could see.
"You remember Hartley, right?
He was a Death Eater, but no one even suspected him until he decided to kidnap Bea."
"Fred," George creased his brow, "That was last year."
"I know, but what I'm saying is all it takes is one person to stay uncaught.
One Death Eater to remain hidden amongst everyone.
Nobody would know that they weren't like them, that they fought for You-Know-Who.
Surely the Ministry couldn't have possibly arrested every single follower.
There were too many, it's impossible.
So, let's say one person gets away with it, right?
Then, still being loyal to the Dark Lord or whatever, they develop four different potions."
He drew a little stick man on the parchment with a frowny face and then four lines coming from it.
"One potion makes people dizzy and gives them uncontrollable fevers," he jotted down the symptoms under one of the lines, "Another causes headaches, sore muscles and fainting.
Then there's one that gives the victim a cold and nausea and finally, the fourth potion leads to memory loss, vomiting and nosebleeds.
Four different illnesses each with seemingly unconnected symptoms so that no one would possibly think there were multiple diseases.
After all, who has ever thought of a flu that only leads to vomiting and nosebleeds?
It's not normal.
A mass breakout of all four would make healers think in the chaos that it's just different people responding in different ways.
We know sicknesses can be triggered- think about the Skiving Snackboxes."
"So you think someone is handing out unhealable Fever Fudge?"
George asked.
Fred rolled his eyes, "Essentially.
It makes sense- all they have to do it get the sweets or potions secretly into circulation and then, once everyone is stuck at home sick, they just have to sneak off and release their little friends from Azkaban."
"And the people who died have done the equivalent of taking a Fever Fudge and a Nosebleed Nougat?"
"Exactly.
It's the combination of two different things."
"But how on Earth would someone manage to circulate four different potions, whatever form they may be in, so effectively?"
McGonagall asked.
"They'd have to spike something everyone eats, drinks or touches," Fred speculated.
"Except you," George said.
"What?"
"You haven't got anything," George reminded him, "So we're looking for something every wizard and even a few muggles would come into contact with, but not anything you go anywhere near."
"Something else to consider," McGonagall continued, "Is why they'd do such a thing.
Their intention was clearly not to kill- not yet anyway- only to weaken."
"Ok," Fred said, "My idea has a few flaws, but it makes sense at least.
And if we can find how they spread it and why, then we've cracked it!
Unless," his face fell, "Bianca told me the other night that she's been having strange dreams.
She said the Death Eaters are telling her that they're bringing You Know Who back."
"Impossible," McGonagall said immediately while George just looked shocked.
"That's what I thought," Fred agreed, "It's why I never told George.
But what if that's what's really going on.
As far as the Death Eaters are concerned, there is no one left to fight back anymore.
The whole wizarding population is weakened- it's the perfect opportunity to do some dark magic and bring back-" "But Mr Weasley, Voldemort is dead," McGonagall said firmly, "Potter made quite sure of that."
"Unless he didn't," Fred muttered, his voice covered by George's sudden coughing fit.
A few minutes later when he had recovered, all three of them were horrified to see specks of blood on his handkerchief.
"Maybe we should get you home now, Georgie," Fred spoke as calmly as he could but froze when he heard more voices from down the corridor, "Death Eaters," he whispered, the evil tone of the new voices unmistakable.
"Time to go!"
George said, "It was lovely to see you Professor, we'll be in touch."
McGonagall was staring out the door, panic in her eyes, "I will speak to my staff, tell them what we have discussed and see if they have any suggestions," she hurried to the fireplace, "Please do manage to get out of here before they arrive."
And she was gone.
The oncoming voices were uncomfortably loud now as the twins crammed into the small space.
Just as Fred was calling their address, three angry faces appeared in the door, wands raised.
The boys spilled out into their living room, breathing heavily.
George was on his knees, desperately trying to keep the contents of his stomach inside while Fred stood up immediately and went over to his wall of information.
"They saws us," he mumbled, "They know that we were there."
"We didn't have time to identify them, though," George pointed out weakly, "They might not have known who we were."
"George," Fred said, turning around slowly, "I left the notes on the desk.
Not only do they know we were there.
But they also know that we're trying to figure out what's going on.
"Chapter 5 Fred had been in hysterics since the twins had got back from the Ministry.
He had given George a potion to soothe his sore throat and helped his brother get to bed then very quickly checked on the girls who were both deeply asleep in each other's arms.
He decided to leave them as they were firstly because any movement could disturb either of them, secondly because he doubted Angie wanted to be kept up by George's violent coughing but mostly because he wasn't planning on using the bed himself any time soon.
Then, he sat down in front of the wall, a new sense of urgency running through him as he wrote up his theory and all of the new information he had.
He'd had been staring at list of things in front of him which were all possible ways for the diseases to have been spread if his idea proved to be right.
He hadn't moved for hours, desperately trying to think of anything he could have missed or jotting down ways of getting infected.
One piece of parchment only read, 'Inhale, Eat, Touch, Inject,' as he couldn't think of any other way for something to spread.
He had then crossed out 'inject' as he decided there wasn't a way for that to happen without people noticing.
At one point, George had surfaced to check how he was doing and was reading over the ways of distributing the potions containing the viruses.
They had already discussed and ruled out the possibility of it being in the water supplies or in some sort of food.
"The air?"
George had cried incredulously at one point, "You realise that makes no sense?"
Fred shrugged, "Everyone breathes."
"Were you really thinking or just writing random stuff down to seem productive?
I mean, 'the Daily Prophet' how in Merlin's name did you come up with that?"
"Well, if the Death Eater developed this potion or powder or whatever it is that contains the virus, and has the opportunity to get at the newspaper, all they'd have to do is sprinkle their concoction over the pages and then whoever touched it would have the disease on their hands.
All it would take would be for them to eat without washing their hands or maybe rub their face for it to get inside them."
"I mean, it's a clever solution," George said, "But it's very far-fetched."
"Does is not need to be something difficult to figure out?"
Fred challenged, "But it is just an idea."
George stayed for a while, looking over all of Fred's notes and adding a few ideas of his own.
"Will you be going back to the Ministry?"
he asked.
Fred shook his head, "It's not safe now they know we were there.
The office is probably booby-trapped by now.
I will go and see Harry at some point though."
"Harry?
Why?"
"To ask what he knows about Voldemort's death."
"You really think they're trying to bring him back?"
"Bea hasn't had nightmares since she got over the ones from the war last year," Fred said, "Now suddenly she's getting dreams again?"
"She might just be scared by the prospect of the people who want her dead most in the world being free to come and find her," George suggested.
"Maybe.
I'll ask her if she's had any more.
We shouldn't rule anything out, right?"
"Right," George stood up, sneezing into the crook of his elbow a few times, "Are you planning on sleeping at any point today?"
Fred shrugged, "Once I've figured this out."
George raised his eyebrow, "You want to work out every tiny detail of this situation tonight?"
"As much as I can," Fred mumbled, already distracted by his notes again.
Not having the energy to argue, George sighed and said, "Well I'm going to go and have some cuddle time with my two favourite girls and leave you to it."
"Ok." George stepped into Fred's room and squeezed himself in between the girls.
Bianca didn't even stir but Angelina opened her eyes groggily, "Georgie?"
"Hey, gorgeous, how are you feeling?"
"The same," she mumbled sadly, "Did you find anything useful?"
George nodded, kissing Angie on the top of the head and wrapping his arm around Bianca.
He took his girlfriend's hand lovingly, "Freddie's working so hard to figure everything out.
We'll all be fine before you even know it."
"I'm worried about Bea."
"It's alright.
Fred won't let anything happen to her."
"No, I don't mean the Death Eaters, although obviously that's bad too.
But you left just before lunch this morning and we stayed up together for a while chatting.
She kept rubbing her head and couldn't really look at anything straight.
Her eyes were all glossed over and unfocused.
So I suggested we get some sleep and," Angie looked at George, "She hasn't moved since.
Not even twitched.
I've never seen anyone in such a deep sleep, especially knowing how Bianca's usually ready jump up and help anyone at any time.
I checked on her every once in a while, just in case you know."
"And she's fine?"
"Seemingly."
"Well we all know she has a headache," George reasoned, "That's probably why she couldn't focus- it'll just be exhausting for her.
But I'll tell Fred and he'll keep an eye on her."
"Are we staying in here?"
"Can you be bothered to move?"
"No, but what about Fred?"
"He'll be fine.
I don't think he's planning on coming to bed for a while."
The next morning, George found his brother sprawled on the living room floor, covered in parchment and quill still in his hand.
"I think your ink's dried up," he called loudly and Fred shot up, shocked by his brother's sudden shouting.
George laughed, "Did you not fancy coming to bed last night?"
"My bed was taken," Fred shrugged, "There weren't many options left."
"There are three bedrooms in this flat," George deadpanned, "And you are right next to a perfectly good sofa."
"It was late," Fred grinned, "I didn't think of that."
"Yeah, because the only thing you're thinking about at the minute is this stupid epidemic."
"Actually, right now, I'm thinking about breakfast.
Do you want some?"
George shook his head, "I'll ask the girls, though."
He returned to Fred's bedroom, stopping on the way to sneeze several times.
He was surprised to only find Angie in the bed, tucked up in the duvet, hugging herself for warmth.
"Where's Bea?"
George asked, moving to the side as Fred came in with fresh sheets and water.
"Shower," Angie replied shortly.
"So she's not dead!"
"Why would she be dead?"
Fred asked, helping Angelina into a nearby chair so he could change the sheets on the bed.
"She was asleep for ages yesterday," George explained, "She didn't even move or twitch."
"I swear that girl has spent way more than half of her life ill or injured.
She's knocked out or unconscious more than she's awake.
It's normal by this point."
"But that doesn't mean you don't constantly worry about her," Angie teased.
"I think that's warranted baring in mind how much trouble she gets into."
"Who gets into trouble?"
The bathroom door opened and Bianca appeared, rubbing her head.
"Ah, speak of the devil," George joked with a sniffle.
"I was just saying how prone you are to getting into trouble," Fred explained as he charmed the covers to make the bed and checked Bianca's temperature.
"What can I say?
It's a talent."
"Right," Fred sighed, "Does anyone want anything to eat or are you all still on a food strike?"
George laughed, "I think our appetites ran away when they heard about the flu."
"I'm just saying you're going to have to eat something other than soup at some point."
"By all means give us some solid food if you want it to end up in the toilet later instead of in our stomachs," Angie said sarcastically.
"Mum would never forgive me if you all starved to death," Fred said, "I'm going to see Harry."
He looked at George, "You coming?"
"Not today.
I figure you'll be safe with Boy Wonder and our sister."
"Right.
I won't be long.
Everyone, behave."
He Flooed directly into his sister's flat and called out only to hear a soft groan as a response.
He made his way through to the master bedroom where he found Ginny sitting up and sniffing, blowing her nose into a tissue while Harry slept next to her, curled up in a ball.
"Good morning dear sister," Fred said cheerfully.
Ginny grunted in response.
"Lovely to see you too.
How are you today?"
"What do you want?"
she asked grumpily.
"I was hoping to speak to your lovely boyfriend," Fred explained, "But I can wait for him to wake up."
Ginny reached across the bed and poked Harry in the ribs until he groaned and rolled over.
"You have a visitor," Ginny told him, her voice distorted by her sore throat.
"Fred?"
"Hi, mate.
Sorry about waking you up, I was happy to wait but my lovely sister insisted."
"You're too loud and annoying to stay here too long," Ginny defended, "I want you gone as soon as possible."
"Right," Harry sat up groggily and put his glasses on, "How can I help?"
"I just wanted to ask you a few things," Fred said, "If you're up to it."
"Yeah sure," Harry groaned, "Let me just-" He shot to his feet and ran out of the room to the bathroom.
A few seconds later, they could hear wheezing and spluttering, a noise they had got used to over the past few weeks.
When he returned, his glasses were squiffy and he was slightly green.
"Sorry," he mumbled, "What did you want to ask?"
"I was just wondering what you could tell me about how Voldemort died."
Harry stared at him in horror and Ginny started coughing in surprise.
"What?"
she choked, "Why?"
"I assume you know about the breakout from Azkaban?
Well, we have a theory that the Death Eaters might be trying to bring him back."
He quickly explained all his theories and Harry listened in horror, his head in his hands.
When Fred finished, Ginny was staring at him like he was insane and Harry paused before saying, "I mean, it all makes sense, except-" "You killed Voldemort over a year ago," Fred finished, "Exactly.
So, could you possibly take me through how you killed him?"
Harry told Fred all about the horcruxes and how he'd destroyed them so that when they'd duelled, Harry could kill him easily.
"And you used Expelliarmus?"
"I guess it was his own rebounded curse that killed him, not mine."
"Is there any chance he could have made more Horcruxes?"
"If he had, I wouldn't have been able to kill him to begin with.
I would have died."
"What about the resurrection stone?"
"I threw it away in the forest.
I doubt anyone could have found it, even if they knew what I'd done."
"Could they have summoned it if they were in the right area?"
"With accio?
I suppose so, but no one was there.
They couldn't possibly know what I'd done."
"Right.
Well, I'll let you go back to sleep."
"I'll be happy to help if you have any more questions.
Let me know what you find out."
"I will do, thanks for helping."
"Now leave," Ginny demanded, "You're loud."
"Ok, I'll see you later.
Get well soon."
Ginny swore at him and Fred retreated to the fireplace and returned home where he planned to write up everything he'd found out from Harry.
Unfortunately, that didn't quite work out as planned because when he arrived at the flat, he was met with the sight of George's legs poking out of the bedroom.
Assuming his illness might have just overcome his brother, Fred sighed and rushed over, but when he saw that the bed was empty, he panicked slightly.
When George didn't stir after Fred called his name a few times, he got out his was and said, "Rennervate."
George groaned and sat up, looking at Fred in confusion.
"What happened?"
Fred demanded as soon as his twin's eyes were open, "Are you ok?"
"The girls!"
George suddenly shouted, jumping up and running around the flat.
"George!"
Fred stood up, "What's going on?"
"They took them!"
George shouted, "Bianca?
Angie?"
"What are you talking about?"
"The Death Eaters!"
George frantically flung open every door and then ran down the stairs to the shop floor.
"George!"
Fred grabbed his brother by the shoulders and stopped him moving, "Tell me what's going on."
"They broke in," George sighed, "I was in the bathroom having a shower, and all the alarms went off so I went out into the kitchen but by the time I got there they'd already got into the bedroom and had the girls.
There was nothing I could do, Fred, my wand was on the other side of the room and there were three of them.
It was too easy- they just stunned me and-" "So they're gone?"
George nodded and Fred leant back against the tills.
George sat on the floor, allowing his lungs to recover from the rapid searching as he coughed a few times.
"What do we do?"
"We'll go to the Ministry," Fred said, "We know the Death Eaters have been there so they might have taken them there."
"Should we tell anyone?"
"What's the point?
They can't help."
"What about McGonagall?"
"She has an entire school full of people to look after and currently bust trying to figure out whether or not to send the kids home for summer or not."
"Fine.
We'll go to the Ministry."
"Just be aware it might be a trap.
They know we've been there and might be trying to take us out," Fred said wisely.
The twins Flooed to the Ministry foyer, wands raised from the moment they arrived.
Very slowly, they made their way around every single floor, opening every door and checking every room in the entire building.
They were there for hours, searching desperately for any sign of either of the girls.
They left, very disappointed and concerned and, most importantly, without Bianca or Angelina.
"Now what?"
George coughed tiredly as they sank onto the sofa.
"I don't know," Fred felt utterly helpless.
The twins sat in silence until George's head drooped back and he started snoring gently, his breathing congested by his cold.
Fred rubbed his eyes and picked up a piece of parchment.
On it, he wrote the date and then everything Harry had told him.
Finally, he scribbled, 'Girls kidnapped.'
He sat back next to George, desperately worried but undeniably tired.
He woke after his nap to find an owl sitting on his arm, a letter tied to its leg.
Fred yawned, took the letter and stoked the owl.
"George," he elbowed his brother in the ribs to stir him, "George, we have to go."
"Whas goon on?"
George slurred.
"We have to go to Hogwarts.
McGonagall just sent a letter.
She says Angie's there."
George shot up and practically ran to the fireplace.
A matter of moments later, they were in the Headmistress' office and McGonagall was standing in front of them, "One of the students found her wondering around the grounds, very confused and scared.
Thankfully, they were one of our older students so recognised her and bought her straight to Madame Pomfrey."
"Was she injured?"
"Just very disorientated."
"Can we see her?"
George asked.
McGonagall nodded, "But I was hoping you'd be able to tell me why Miss Johnson was so far from the flat given her current state."
Fred quickly explained what had happened at the flat while George tapped his foot impatiently, sneezing or sniffling every so often.
"We searched the Ministry and couldn't find anything.
We had no idea where either of them were until you sent an owl.
We still don't know where Bea is."
"Right," McGonagall considered this for a while, "Well, I'll take you to Miss Johnson."
The second he saw her, George ran over to Angie, sitting next to her on the bed and wrapping his arm around her.
Fred wasn't even a second behind him, immediately asking if she was ok.
There were tears streaming down her face as she looked up at the twins, but her eyes were slightly glassy.
"Poppy gave her a calming draught," McGonagall explained, "Miss Johnson was quite upset."
"What happened, gorgeous?"
George asked gently, "What did they do?"
Angie raised her head and looked at the twins, visibly relaxing now that they were with her.
"They took us to Malfoy's house," she sniffled, "They didn't know what to do with us for a while but then they took Bianca away and they asked me a few questions and bought me here."
"They still have Bea?"
Fred asked, his heart sinking.
"I assume so."
"What did they ask you?"
"What you two knew about what's going on.
They asked if you were sick because they were so suspicious about why you were at the Ministry.
I told them you were- I didn't want them coming after you."
"Why did they bring you here, though?"
Fred asked, "Why not back to the shop?"
"I don't know."
They sat silently for a while, comforting Angie until a sixth year student came in, coughing and spluttering.
"Miss Harewood?"
McGonagall stood up and Madame Pomfrey bustled over.
Angie looked up and smiled at the girl warmly.
"I was wondering if I could have a Pepper-Up potion," the girl said, "I don't feel too well."
"Yes, have a seat."
"How are you?"
the girl asked Angelina.
"I'm much better now, thank you for helping me."
"How do you know her?"
George asked his girlfriend quietly.
"She's the one who bought me to Madame Pomfrey when she found me in the grounds."
Fred stood up, suddenly horrified, "How long have you been feeling ill?"
he demanded.
"Not very long," the girl looked slightly scared, "But I thought I'd come straight here and get rid of it straight away."
"Ange, I think I know why the Death Eaters bought you here," Fred said solemnly, "They've spread flu to Hogwarts."
