Harry landed at the edge of a brightly lit forest.
The sudden light unsettled him, but his eyes quickly adapted.
Breathing in the forest air, Harry decided that this was a nice place indeed.
Where birds chirped and foxes ran wild.
Where things were free.
A couple of black and white wolves dashed past his heels as he began weaving through the trees, making hostile, growling noises.
What surprised Harry was that they didn't attack.
At this, Azazel, who currently resided in his head, murmurred, "It is not so much as not attacking, as it is avoiding trouble.
Have I not told you that this is where the barriers between the fae and the mortal realm are the weakest?
Ha-" "Well, yes-" "Please do not answer rhethorical questions, boy.
It is unbecoming."
Azazel patiently admonished, and Harry demurely nodded; Azazel knew a lot about social standards, it seemed.
"I have said that this is where they mix and mingle.
Where they run wild.
And you should know by now that faries have great and strong magic-" "Well, that's new."
Harry didn't believe for a moment that cornish pixies had magic, having met them before.
And even if they did have it, it had to be weak.
They weren't classified as XXXXX creatures for a reason.
"Fairies are vain creatures.
Not powerful."
"You're incorrigible."
Azazel sighed.
"When you face them, especially the new queen, please, at the very least, be prepared to fight to the death, m'boy.
You might not accept this fact, but they will crush you if you go in overconfident."
Harry agreed reluctantly.
An eagle swooped down and brushed past his hair.
"Anyway," Azazel said, as the man leaped over a squirrel impaled from head to toe with a bloody, glowing, ice pick seething with energy.
"Since Fae have powerful magic and have shown their prowess while frolicking in this particular forest before, the animals know what they are like, and do not wish to mess with them, or anything similar.
When they see a magician, they see danger."
Ah.
That explained the squirrel.
"These fae you speak of really must have impressed the animals 'round here, huh," Harry said.
He looked around, and turned right.
The singing of the forest drifted further and further behind him with each step.
"Yes, they are rather- is that- Halt!"
Azazel snapped.
Harry obeyed.
"Look down.
Don't make any unneccessary movements...yes, that's it.
Now..." A surge of wariness overcame him.
A ring of mushrooms... that meant that some monster was hiding around, didn't it?
"There is no monster here, m'boy," Azazel said.
"Pluck a mushroom, chant 'Zeus, Zeus, Zeus', and ye shall get into fae."
He seemed to be referencing something, but Harry dismissed the thought.
Azazel was weird.
"Uh.
Ok." Harry took in a deep breath, and chanted, no idea why he was chanting a greek god's name.
The skies greyed.
Thunder boomed, and the remaining wildlife that was with him scurried off.
Azazel simply gave a mental smirk in response to that.
"That's because they have a little, ah, affair.
They being the faerie queen and the Zeus guy," his brother in all but blood explained.
"Calling his name with a mushroom summons him here, for he has become quite attached to them.
What with a fairy as his mate.
Quite predictable."
During Azazel's little speech, Harry had dropped the mushroom, alarmed.
His powers were great and all, but he didn't want to try them against the god of lightning himself.
"What.
My brother, why the hell are you afraid-" Harry disapparated with a crack.
He was a calf compared to the frigging elephant.
"No way in hell am I going against him!"
he shouted to the void.
"Oh never mind."
Azazel mentally shook his head.
In a whirl of blackness, Harry found himself in... the same forest.
Except it was now the opposite of what he'd seen.
Where there were green trees so full of life in the previous forest, the trees here were stained with rot, although they had surprisingly verdant leaves.
Where it had been bright and sunny before Zeus himself graced the forest, there was now only gray.
Decayed flowers and frozen livestock wafted up his nose, stale in odour.
It was cold and hot and his senses prickled and there was so muck rustling beside him...
The elder wand was out.
The man scrambled back and faced the tree beside him, only to meet a pair of glowing, red eyes past deceiving green leaves.
Shrugging, he lowered his wand.
"Hiya, Voldie.
Wasn't expecting you here," Harry said, casually.
A hiss came from the animal.
There was a rasp, the rustling of leaves, and it dropped down, crouching as it landed.
Black, tattered wings spread from behind its back as it gracefully rose on smooth, muscled legs.
The thing wore only a piece of cloth around its waist, baring pale skin for all to see.
It also possessed pointy ears, a sharp nose, and red eyes.
What might have been a nice body was covered in dried up red and filth.
It bared its pointed teeth.
A screeching caw exited its mouth.
The forest responded immediately in kind, cries and rustling from all over cutting the air.
"Uh...
Azazel?"
Harry asked.
The sounds got louder.
"A little help here?"
Azazel stretched from his bed.
"Ah, that was good.
Looking it in the eye."
"Well, I didn't-" "Enough, brother.
They aren't about to kill you."
"What?"
Harry focused on the incoming sea of beautifully birthed, bat winged monsters.
"You can't mean that!"
He flicked his wand.
"Pefen-" he began.
Then Harry realised he didn't really want cursed fire at all when he was surrounded by organic matter, so he lowered his wand.
Azazel just sighed.
"At least you have some common sense."
The first creature that had come down first approached him.
Its bare breasts moved enticingly.
"Harry Potter," it rasped.
"Come, you must be looking for the queen.
Let us lead you to her."
In response, the sea of creatures dropped to the ground, shaking the forest.
A minor earthquake must have happened, for some trees ahead toppled, and fell.
The horde cheered.
"Ah..." The wizard didn't bother asking how everyone seemed to know his name.
Maybe they were Azazel's aforementioned friends?
"Okay."
So Harry, along with hundreds of demonic angel like beings, was lead by the being that had first met him.
They stomped through the forest, finally ending up in a clearing.
In front of them was a black fortress.
"Wow, typical bad guy lair.
Can they get any more original?"
"Stop it with your blatant disrespect, already," Azazel whispered lowly.
"She is a fae queen, and fae queen are powerful."
"Yeah, right, we'll see about that," Harry muttered, and then tried tuning it out.
The multitude in front of red eyes and Harry spread out, allowing them passage to the double doors.
The thing banged the knocker, then faced him.
"Good luck, mage," it rasped, eyeing Harry's waist.
This time, however, the rasp was more of a low purr.
"Though if you do become food, I won't be against it, either."
Licking its lips seductively, it turned and left.
Harry stared at its retreating form as it strode off.
The horde trailed after her, and soon, the wizard was soon left behind.
"Wow."
Harry shook his head.
He turned back to the doors.
"Wow wow wow."
"Yeah," Azazel agreed.
"She is something, isn't she?"
The doors creaked open.
Four pale imitations of the beauties Harry'd just met stood before him, beckoning him forward.
Harry went forward, they surrounded him, and the five of them began soundlessly walking to where he presumed the throne room to be.
Harry thought those things were like the forest outside compared to the angelic beings, so similar and yet so different from the previous one.
What shame.
They passed a particularly grotesque painting of a group of naked women being roasted alive.
Harry retched into his mouth, but regretted his decision.
Retching would not prevent anything.
He chewed on some digested gunk thoughtfully.
Yeah, why was he afraid?
These creatures didn't seem to like men so much, too.
Also, even if they did try to make him their next meal...
They wouldn't succeed while his sweet rod was with him, he was sure.
Granted, those bat winged minions around him did have some pointy lances, but in the end, it wouldn't matter.
Hah!
He cackled evily in his head.
"Remember what I said!"
Azazel suddenly cried, cutting his cackles short.
Damn.
Harry had forgotten he was even there.
"Yes, yes, be prepared," Harry droned.
"Don't be overconfident, and-" "Don't underestimate her!"
Azazel nodded, satisfied.
"That's the last thing you should do," he nagged.
"There.
Now its up to you."
The shade in Harry's mind withdrew and vanished.
Harry felt himself lighten up for... reasons, but ignored the feeling.
His brother could be a real pain in the arse.
That was certainly why he was feeling relieved.
His footsteps crunched on something fragile and hard, and he paused to look down.
Beneath his boot was a crushed, frozen leaf that looked perfectly... green.
Like the kind you see in summer, except it had shattered like glass.
He felt drawn to it.
He bent down to pick it up.
Before he could feel the shiny looking piece of work, a rough jab from the guard behind him drove a fiery, cold spike up his spine.
Harry gasped.
Pain flared from his back and travelled through his whole body, an alien sensation filling him; The searing heat of a furnace and the freezing cold of winter without a coat simultaneously wrecked his nerves.
He held back a roar.
Hands splayed out, Harry whirled around, static cracking the air...
The sharp, cool point of a spear met the spot between his green eyes with the clink of ice against a cup.
It did not quite pierce his skin, but was enough to show who was in charge.
The man grudgingly backed off, passing the guards beside him, before turning the other way and striding confidently towards the double metal doors, ignoring those things as best as he could.
The doors squeaked open before he could knock.
His mind recoiled, then became thoughtful, but the man cleared his mind anyway; shock had no place here.
If he counted the number of times he'd been fucked just by being shocked...
Counting his breaths, Harry strutted in.
The place was a ballroom.
It certainly looked casual enough to be one.
A looming chandelier glittered mischievously in its lazy azure light.
The flames there flared something in Harry, a warm tingly feeling that soothed him like a cool summer breeze.
His previous altercation with the guard soothed away.
Gleaming marble walls surrounded him, bare except for a few diamond sculptures stuck to each corner of the room.
Harry noticed that all the sculptures had unnaturally beautiful faces.
Beyond them, smack in the centre at the extreme end of the room, was a throne.
Cloths of purple and crimson hues pooled outwards from where they were draped on the fancy chair, flooding over the marbled floor and down the steps leading up to it.
And the person on top of it... Harry imagined he would never be rid of the image, and that was if he even wanted to anyway.
She wore a short white dress that clung to every (covered) curve of her slim body.
Her crossed legs displayed a generous amount of slender pale thighs that promised glorious, slippery goodness.
A slither of jewels circled her neck, jade and sapphire shinning entrancingly over her cleavage.
Ah, femme fatale.
You had to love them.
They were his favourite- considering that Astoria used to be one.
Violet eyes trailed up and down Harry's body as her pouty lips opened and a tongue darted out, snaking across them, and tasting the delicious, juicy fruit.
A strange sensation reared within him.
Harry smote it down ruthlessly.
Bad boy!
"Hello, wizard," she purred, practically licking the words off.
"I hope you didn't find any trouble coming here."
Harry regained his bearings.
He was getting distracted, which was always bad and ended up in murder; his friends' murder.
"Hey lookie here Ron!
Malfoy's grandfather looks like a decrepit old fool!"
Harry said, pointing at a painting.
Meanwhile, Ron had taken an intesting exploding curse for him from behind.
His last breath?
"Idiot."
The queen abrubtly stood, breaking his stupor.
Her dress drooped, covering her knickers more appropriately, and she slowly sashayed down the steps, a coy smile on her lips while her soft footsteps echoed through the room.
Harry backed away warily.
She was like a hungry alpha wolf, and he was the unlucky, uh, omega?- but he didn't want to be that, so he came up with a plan.
The wizard nodded slightly to himself.
He was extremely cunning.
Honestly, who would have thought of disapparating in this situation?
But then the queen nodded back, and Harry gasped in fright and lost his enthusiasm.
"Yes, Harry?"
she purred, stalking forward.
"Oh, the things I've heard!"
"Go away!"
Harry squaked.
Horrified by how familiar she looked at that moment, the man hurriedly turned on the spot and disappeared, a crack splitting the air in his wake.
The squeezing sensation of wriggling through a rubber tube at extreme speeds came at him from all sides, but Harry relished the feeling, the feeling of being alive, because he loved living.
Also, he loved ruining the mood, so naturally he thought about darkness and death and carnage of all that he loved and had once loved while he waited (Magical realms were this way.
Disapparating simply took a longer period of valuable time).
Hmm, how did Mcgonagall die?
Oh, right!
McGonagall had died with worms pouring out of her mouth, ears and eyes, gargling and retching, black goo seeping from her pores, which happened courtesy of dear old Mr Lucius.
And to add on to that, now, that fucker's ilk and master were about to conquer the world.
Without warning, his body stretched from both sides, like a rubber band, and released, snapping him back together.
Agony filled him, his head was surely separating from his body... A spell!
How did it- he hadn't even noticed!
His magic battled the malevolent force, but it had taken him by surprise and it was too late.
The next thing Harry knew was cold, marbled floor slamming against his feet.
Stars exploded across his vision as he opened them to the dim light.
Harry was still in the throne room.
To make things worse, the slut only looked amused.
Amused looking people were the cause of many problems.
Thus, Harry surmised she was behind it.
He quickly tried coming up with a plan.
The queen let out another girlish giggle.
Her violet eyes danced.
"Don't run, silly wizard!"
Harry became desperate.
His eyes darted around the room desperately, moving from guard to guard.
Annoying cretins!
The little shit who placed him in such a position would die- well, other than the queen.
And who caused this?
Realization dawned in his eyes.
As if he had already known it from the start, the knowledge that Azazel was the little shit came into the forefront of his mind.
His brain was flooded with information on the creature's betrayal, and motivations.
But he couldn't muster up much anger, for he was stunned.
It wanted him to kill the queen!
The queen!
Insanity.
That was insanity.
Tearing his gaze off the guards who only met them head on impassively, Harry saw his freedom in the still open doors.
He bolted.
The room chilled and his breaths fogged, but he persisted, running for his life.
Frost formed against the tiles, the air building up with energy as the man's electricity vapourised any snowflake that came remotely close to him.
Then the impossible happened.
An invisible force seized him, gripping his muscles and nerves.
Before his puny brain could understand why, or even how, he halted.
His boots began squeaking all over the floor as he was spun around to face the queen like the earth.
"Don't kill me- I'm too weak- kill Azazel!
Kill Azazel!
Holy shit!
Have mercy!"
Harry cried when it finally came to him that he was completely Fae-food.
No, he didn't want to be like their pet virgins!
"I'm t-t-too weak!"
He baguely remembered he wasn't supposed to speak of that little shit out loud; Azazel surely desired his anonymity when dealing with his clients.
But Harry didn't care.
"Azazel.
Surely you don't mean the fallen angel?"
The queen mock gasped, a slender hand clasping over her mouth, and giggled.
Harry struggled against the bonds once more, this time focusing on sending his magic around it...
The queen's expression vanished and what was left was completely inhuman and cold.
Harry suddenly felt extremely small, and his place was further proven when she snapped her silky fingers.
The sound struck the room's walls.
Harry reeled.
His head spun as he lost his progress.
The sound, sounds were beating him, smashing him against the walls.
"No you don't," she said, her steps faster now, her voice sending him into orbit.
He heightened his occlumency barriers and barely defende another wave of nausea, and weakly took in the queen.
A sultry look had slunk into her eyes, and her chest heaved, in and out as she walked.
She was ten... five... a feet from him... "Come, my little wizard," the fae queen said throatily below.
Harry shivered.
He could feel her warm breath carressing his neck and noticed she was just a few inches shorter than he was.
"Come and tell me what you want."
She leant in and nipped his ear.
Wow!
To act like such a little slutty whore.
Harry's apparent weakness vanished and tense silence filled the throne room as the queen waited his reply.
The last time Harry'd encountered such a girl in the wilds, she hadn't been dolled up so nicely.
In fact, she hadn't been wearing anything at all.
He almost giggped when the queen sent another mental push at him.
How unsubtle.
Unrefined.
But he gave in willingly, happily, agreed wholeheartedly to her devilish schemes.
Appreciative, leering green eyes trailed up and down the queen's nubile body as she pawed at his chest and purred.
Right then, a vibration swept through his body, and the wizard could feel his nerves, his control, returning to him.
But now though, now he wanted to lose control.
Too many creatures had taken his control from him.
Harry wanted the chance to lose his control to himself, for a change!
It seemed exciting.
And so he did.
It was time to have fun.
Harry had had enough of control.
Harry returned the queen's smile with a cocky smirk, before prancing like a lion at her.
Lurching forward with a growl, he attempted to eat that slut's face off, push her to the ground, anything really, only to stumble as she sidestepped with the gracefulness of a wolf.
Harry glared at her, and met her sly gaze.
"What?
I thought you wanted to get rutted in like a whore, bitch."
He sneered.
A haze wasn't in his mind at all.
It was meant to be, like women were meant to be at his feet, begging.
And now, he wanted that satisfaction.
The fae wagged her finger at him admonishingly, raising one brow at his clenched fists.
"Nuhuh Mister Potter.
My dear friend."
She grimaced slightly.
"Must have told you about it- us."
She paused, observing Harry's calculating look.
Her hands snaked down moments later and hiked her dress up, baring silky thongs.
"Our traditions, our rules.
Surely you must have heard.
We fae uphold our contracts uprightly and without fail.
I'm sure we can work this one out."
A finger dipped through her knickers, and a shudder ran through her as her eyes fluttered.
"Just say it.
Make the deal," she breathed.
A sudden wave of clarity washed through Harry.
So this slut wanted him to make a deal with him, didn't she.
The silent part of his mind stirred, and cackled evily.
He shook off whatever spell she'd put on him, and with it, his anger.
Whatever had happened to those little cornish pixies?
Sigh.
They grew up so fast these days.
So.
His soul for sex, Harry supposed.
Hmm, his soul, temporary pleasure, his soul, temporary pleasure, his soul.
Hard choice indeed.
As if reading his mind, she stilled.
"I'm not here for your soul," she snapped.
Harry raised his brows.
"In that case, what do you want?"
The fae smirked, and Harry finally sensed the tingling of power that was laced into her lips, her voice.
It reminded him of Fleur, when she was still alive, when she had blasted it everywhere like nobody's and no one's business.
Except, of course, hiked up by a million.
It washed over him, carressed him.
"I want your life.
For you to serve me forever, until death do us part," she said.
"I want you.
Isn't that romantic?"
She threw her head back and laughed.
Yes, why should he not let go?
Oh wait.
Azazel, that dog.
That guy wouldn't be so happy if Harry'd told him about a deal gone awry.
Sure, he was still a dog for being a bitch like that.
But Harry would still do the deed, though, if only for Azazel to- maybe- keep his part of the bargain.
No allure would affect him if he didn't want it to, anyway.
The power hammered against his smartly deployed magical barriers, but in the end, prevailed not.
Harry shook his head sadly.
"Girl, if I had wanted to have sex with a prostitute, I would have gone to a club or something.
Get help du- sis...ter...?"
Scratching his head idly, he muttered, "People are so weird these days."
Then he beamed at the icy look which was burning two holes into him.
"Whatever, I'm here to do some stuff, so if you'll allow me free reign.
Let me get out this nifty little steel knife out and slice you out.
Then we can have fun.
You did mention fun, did you not.
Oh, you didn't?
Sha-" Out of the blue, his back screamed in agony, and he crumpled to the floor, his breath escaping him, unable to stand.
A boulder, the sheer force of it, or maybe a troll, or giant, or the eiffel tower itself, even, had impaled his back, which was... painful.
He screamed, and screamed, but only managed a hoarse breath.
White and undiluted agony, fiery hot with snow, a snowbite in a microwave turned on to a thousand degrees, had slammed into him.
The wizard wheezed, doggy whimpers coming out harshly.
A shadow loomed and got closer, before a finger with dangerous, spiked nails tilted his head upwards.
Blurry vision aside, he could see the figure well enough.
Delighted purple eyes shined maliciously.
Orbs of light came out from inside her irises, and the whites of her eyes had vanished.
"Harry Potter, I'm afraid you're a bit, ah, overconfident.
Do you know who I am, you worm?
Do you?"
She spat on his face, vehement.
Spittle flowed down his chin.
Harry just stared back, regretting his life and at the same time licking the (superbly delicious, mind!)
juice up.
Why had his mother borne him?
Sometimes he felt like a motherless child, not because he didn't have a mother but more like he didn't even feel deserving enough to have had one from the start, so he refused to believe Lily Potter was even related to him.
Ugh, he was spastic.
"I am the queen of all fairies, the monarch of summer and winter and all the things you mortals call weather disasters.
Behold, my power!"
The queen said calmly.
As she did, the room dropped by a hundred degrees and then went up by a thousand, but nothing frosted over.
Or burnt.
"You aren't really strong, huh," Harry said weakly.
A dribble of blood came out and stained the floor.
"It's all in my head isn't it.
You don't dare to use your power, you don't have power, weak!"
Honestly, Harry just wanted to roll over and die.
What the bloody blood vessels was he doing.
Who will know for sure, except the higher powers.
And he hurt, too.
Damn.
"No, shut up!
You shut your filthy mouth.
Don't speak of things you don't know."
A manic gleam had entered her eyes.
"I am strong!
Stronger than you, you poor excuse of a wizard!"
A mountain joined in the fray, and Harry's eyes nearly bulged out.
Why wasn't he dying yet?
Oh, let him die, he begged to death, whoever.
Please.
His lungs, his heart!
He cried for his love.
His heart was crushed!
The queen cackled.
"If you don't want to join me, you shall perish!"
she shrieked.
"Now, I, Daphne Greengrass, the host of the queen of fae, will slay the great wizard, Harry Potter!"
Harry's brain exploded.
If she was who she said she was...
If she'd somehow used some enchantment to cause him so much mental pain that affected his nerves and disregarded his mental shields, what would stop her from torturing information out of him?
Then she would find out about her sister.
And he would be a roasted little piggy.
"Fuck," he rasped.
Hopefully, she killed him first.
The force on him lessened slowly.
He prepared his magic, his power, his magical core providing him all the magic he would need- and his magic core was rather sizeable.
He gathered it all around him, in him, a buildup of magic, powerful magic.
Who was the idiot who said that once one's magical core ran out, they would become a muggle, anyway?
Didn't they know magic came from an otherwordly source, an unlimited, infinite source and constantly replenished itself in the wizard or witch?
It was only the speed at which it replenished that really mattered.
Primitive muggles, for sure.
Electricity built up from within, crackling with so much heat.
Yes.
There was still hope, after all.
And one miserable deity was nothing to him.
He closed his eyes.
"Giving up already, Potter!
Hah!
Always knew you were a bloody bastard.
Malfoy was ri-" Then he broke her enchantment.
With an ear splitting clap, the queen was blown backwards by the resulting shockwave of Harry's counter curse.
As she dropped like a weight, the man pushed himself unsteadily to his feet.
Was it just him, or was the room spinning?
It didn't matter, in the end.
"Try me, bitch!
"Harry grinned at her.
The room got deathly quiet.
Icy winds blew.
Everyone- except Harry- looked at the queen fearfully.
Waiting.
She opened her mouth.
Harry covered his ears.
"You scum of the earth!"
she shrieked, ice spreading over her body, marring her hair chalky white.
"You- you dare break my power?
You dare?
Guards, attack!"
As the guards, now greater in number than before, revealed themselves, the air shimmered with white sparkles around her hands, before coalescing into twin javelins, which she hurled.
The wizard swiped his wand out and shouted, spinning in a circle.
A clap of thunder shattered the air while bolts of blue and white crackling energies surged forward, a few of them smiting the guards into the walls as the main bolt raced towards Daphne.
"I am fucking Zeus, bitch!"
he cried.
The sailing javelins vapourised as Daphne tried to dodge, but the electricity swerved and caught her, slamming her into the ceiling.
She dropped, bounced, and unceremoniously landed, twitching, gasping.
Her hair was singed with black, but Harry thought her body still looked as flawless as ever.
"How d'you like that!"
Harry cried, eyes alight.
He kicked the queen in the middle.
She groaned.
"How?
How?
Crucio!
Crucio!"
She began screaming.
The walls shook.
Marble chips rained from the ceiling.
Harry retrieved his blade from his robe and unsheathed it.
It was a basic, conjured steel knife made specially for her, a fairy, as fairies were weak against iron.
At least, he thought they were.
Before he could plunge it into her chest, icy cold flames roared to life behind him.
The fire devoured his cloak.
Freezing cold hit his nerves, the coldest he had ever felt, and icy white crept from his fingers to his arms, numbing his senses.
Letting the knife clatter to the floor, Harry used all his might and summoned a circle of boiling water around him to extinguish the flames.
His partially frozen hands warmed with pink, and Harry sighed, feeling his nerves return to life.
He flexed his fingers.
"That wasn't very nice."
Harry sulked, turning to face the aggressor.
A gargled rasping kindly responded, "You dare touch our queen, you puny mortal scum, you unworthy piece of shi-" "Avada Kedevra!"
A jet of green was hurled, with a sudden monstrous wind, and struck the fool who had dared to challenge him.
It fell, and its black wings vapourized into the night as its body dissipated.
Strange.
Whatever.
Harry was still sorely displeased.
The wizard whipped back around with a snarl.
An unearthly bellow could be heard from below, and garbled sounds shrieked and moaned in its wake.
The castle shook once more.
"Now you're just asking for it," Harry began.
"Sending guards behind me..." The fae wasn't there.
Oh shit.
He looked behind him to meet a spear of thick, sharpened ice sailing straight for his forhead.
"Bombarda!"
The pick shattered, sending splinters and shards everywhere.
Absently incinerating them, Harry looked around, and dodged another spear.
A jet of yellow flew at him and narrowly missed his belly by a hairsbreadth.
He yelped.
It sailed past, before exploding a statue, the remains burning with azure flames.
Two streaks of malevolent magic, red and black, streaked at him from both sides.
Harry summoned a fallen guard to block the black one, turning it into dust, as a nigh physical shield, a swirling grey expanse of protection, appeared between him and the other spell, blocking it with a reverberating bang.
The man shook his head to clear it, and pointed his wand at himself.
"Stop hiding, my dear!
Play like a...a woman!
Ha ha, what a coward!
You don't want to!"
He crowed, whispering the revealing charm.
"A stupid, little, scared girl.
Too bad I know where you- are!"
He jabbed his wand forward into the air, meeting something soft and smooth, a velvety fabric.
There was a grunt of surprise, then a scream as the illusion was burnt away.
A lazy "stupefy!"
and down Daphne went, tumbling to the ground once more.
"Well, that was easy."
Harry glanced around.
Maybe he would kill her outside.
If he didn't try to kill the queen in her servants' vicinity, they wouldn't try to kill him likewise... would they?
The foundations shook again.
Harry spat out a few chips of marble.
A shadow fell over him, and he tilted his head upwards.
Just in time to see the ceiling fall right on him.
"Reducto!"
The chunk of marble exploded into dust and covered the room.
Once he ensured there were no more guards, Harry grabbed Daphne by her hair and dragged her with him, towards the doors.
If he couldn't apparate in the room, it meant there were wards.
And if there were wards in the room, there obviously were wards around the whole castle.
Which meant he had to move through the castle.
Which meant facing the beast making that freakishly booming noise.
The thundering became an unbearable pounding to Harry's already ringing head.
His headache was like an ocean, overwhelming and angry at being kept in.
But no sweat, he supposed.
Daphne slipped from his slick grip as the pounding approached, falling face first to the floor.
The pounding neared, closed in... A beast of monstrous proportions crashed against the doors.
Again and again.
Metal screeched, groaned.
Each blow dented the doors further as howls shredded the air.
Harry clutched his wand and dearly hoped it didn't slip.
A shiver ran over his whole body.
This was just like Azazel's little tentacle rape.
Sweat coated his skin and the surrounding air fizzed with static charges.
His eyes glowed faintly.
Repressed memories and rage kind of did that to him.
With a crash, the door clattered heavily against the floor.
Harry lost his anger, and gaped.
Inhaling heavily, with acidic breath and a threatening, low growl, was a three headed dog that towered over him at, oh, just ten feet tall.
C'mon man, Harry was barely at six feet.
How was this even fair?
"Why, fluffy?
Why!"
Harry cried at the heavens.
Fluffy was taking revenge on him for putting it to sleep in his first year for sure!
The middle head bared its teeth, growling.
"Drats.
I'm sorry!"
A quick, muttered spell later, a cacoon of magic gathered around his body.
There.
Harry was now, if slightly, protected.
Although precautions certainly still were neccessary.
And precautions were getting rid of it.
Careful not to look the dog in the eyes, Harry raised his hands in surrender, focused on its belly, and inched away.
"Easy there boy.
Peace.
There it is.
There it is.
Here," the man said soothingly.
He drew a doggie bone from his robe and hurled it past the cerberus, silently casting a propelling charm.
"Catch!"
Heads turned.
Three pairs of bestial eyes followed the flying projectile out the gates, to where it broke a window and made its escape.
Then the heads swivelled back to Harry, one shaggy leg pawing against the ground.
Gulp.
His heart sank into the sea, only to come out and drum against his ribcage.
"Boy, I don't want to kill ya," Harry said sadly, shaking his head.
There it was again.
The moment that he'd always tried avoiding, that would show him to be the true monster.
Even killing Astoria's child hadn't felt so bad.
The creature in front of him was innocent, Harry knew it.
Its upbringing had likely conditioned it to come to the rescue everytime there was trouble.
And now he was killing it just for the sake of convenience, as keeping the cerberus alive would not only entail advanced restraining spells, it would also require time to care for.
Unless it stepped aside, of course.
Looking at its unrelenting posture told Harry it was feeling rather uncooperative right now.
He had no delusions about the forest outside.
Lurking around in the shadows were demonic angel like beings that could gobble the three headed dog in one mega bite.
He tilted his head.
On further thought and at risk of sounding like an unmitigated asshole...
This would be an act of mercy, actually.
Harry nodded, before staring straight into the middle head's eyes.
"You know what, maybe I will."
The dogs seemed to understand him, and didn't look too happy about what he had just said.
In fact, they looked murderous.
Snarling, the creature sprang and pounced.
But the man was ready.
He sidestepped, twirled behind, and fired the curse.
"Avada Kedavra!"
The cerberus collapsed with a whimper as sickly, green light enveloped it.
Then it stopped its pathetic whining.
Harry smiled.
There.
Now, it was not under anyone's thrall.
Now, it was sleeping.
Whistling merrily, the man retrieved his knife and sheathed it, before hulling Daphne up by her hair and strolling through the doors, kicking a stray guard's crotch with the spiked heel of his boot while he was at it to ensure that it died mentally, if not physically.
He walked down the corridors.
Sometimes, he made the wrong turn and needed to retrace his steps.
Other times, those bat winged guards charged and he annihilated them with lightning.
Finally, he reached the doors.
There was a thunderstorm outside.
Heavy rumbling sounded through the doors, and Harry thought he heard a few trees falling.
He pointed his wand at the door.
"Bom-" A jet of electricity smote his wand arm, and he rubbed it against his cloak in pain.
He turned around to find the three headed dog he had killed, except... it was not really the three headed dog, was it?
Its three heads melded into a very human visage, its body shrank, clothes appeared on its belly, only for its belly to change into a human chest as its four shaggy legs vanished, becoming a pair of human arms and legs.
"Ow!
What the hell was that for... man... ah, shit."
Harry sighed.
"You're Zeus, aren't you."
The newly formed god held a literal bolt of lightning in his hand, which cackled threateningly as sparks flew into the air, seeming to come out of his body.
His blonde hair gleamed gold as his grey eyes flashed with a thousand volts of electricity.
Ozone saturated the air.
"Yes, Harry Potter.
I am.
Either give Daphne to me."
Zeus smiled.
Coldly.
"Or you will see what, ah, fucking Zeus, really is like."
Thunder rumbled.
And Harry pissed his pant.
he piss ran through his pants, robes, and leaked all over Daphne's face, seeing as her head was currently pressed against them.
Zeus looked about ready to zap him into a greasy patch.
Managing a weak smile despite the negativity he did not need, Harry said, "Uh, maybe we should, uh, negotiate a bit?
You know?"
Uh oh.
His left arm was shaking.
That was not good, considering the fairy it currently held.
"Hand the queen over," the god of lightning said.
"Now."
"But I can't!
D-Daphne over here was a total b- I mean female...
doe!"
Harry protested, stuttering.
Gales of wind seeped through the doors, buffeting his face.
"Besides, I have a little bargain with one Azazel coming right up, and I'd hate to lose bargaining material."
Sweat coated his forehead.
He felt cold.
And nervous.
Zeus had survived the killing curse, which meant he was another Azazel.
Or close enough to the power levels of that dog to survive death, anyway.
Harry didn't think this was very fair.
A look passed over Zeus' unhappy front.
It was one of unease, and fear.
Lots of fear.
But it was gone so quickly that Harry rather thought he was imagining things, as the god, in fact, looked downright choleric.
"Well, that's too bad, isn't it?"
Zeus growled, thunderings in his voice.
"Last chance, boy."
"Well, why don't you t-take this bitch from me then!"
Zeus seethed.
Harry felt happy he was returning to his normal self.
Suddenly, the doors blew open, bursting with snow.
Harry narrowly dodged, hauling Daphne up as a meat shield against the stormy winds while he spelled them closed and locked.
He only realised he wasn't supposed to do that when he turned back to the god.
Whoops.
Expression murderous, Zeus lifted his lightning bolt.
Which, if possible, began accumulating more charges.
"Come on man!
That was a mistake.
And you're acting as if I did some evil-" Harry yelped as a stray spark stung his arm, and released Daphne.
He lunged for her, but she whipped out of his grasp and flew towards Zeus' free hand, which caught her.
Zeus smiled.
"Ah, you see, that wasn't so hard, was it?"
The god tsked, and lowered his bolt.
He pulled the queen into a passionate kiss.
The bolt disappeared into thin air.
She stirred, moaning, and got into the kiss, her violet eyes full of desire as she straddled him with her bare legs.
Harry watched the proceedings, bemused at how Zeus could swing so easily.
He felt like a spectator to a football match, with all the intensity and heat, witnessing professionals go at it.
Ah, young- or old love.
A fond smile played on his lips.
Then he fired the killing curse.
And one more, for the finishing goal.
The green streaks hit the two, there was a pause, and they both hurtled back down the hall like defunct bludgers.
Cheering, Harry followed.
It might have been insane to do so, considering, well, Zeus, but he wanted to ensure the slut had died.
He jogged past a few other portraits of virgin goodness, and found Daphne at the end of the hallway, caked in chunks of marble while her dress was torn up.
Taking a moment to appreciate her body, Harry knelt down, and pressed his ear against her chest, feeling her nice, warm breasts.
A steady pulse beat his eardrums.
He abruptly stood.
The static made his hair stand.
"Cool you're not dead.
That's better, actuall...y."
He turned behind, just in time to see Zeus flinging his lightning bolt.
"Ah, shit."
Tendrils of electricity speared hs chest, sending waves of violent energy through his nerves that screamed while he went through the walls into another room.
It was like the cruciatus- except nothing really beat the cruciatus pain wise so who cared.
His own lightning roared in defiance within, repelling the opposing forces and creating quite a bit of potential difference.
Potential difference.
Heh.
Shrugging his supercharged nerves, he crawled through the hole.
"Yo Zeus, you son of a bitch!
Come get some!"
Harry cried.
Zeus was already walking leisurely towards his little pet slut, another bolt in hand.
He merely looked unimpressed, and flung the next bolt.
Harry grunted as it slammed into him, but endured, concentrating.
His whole magical resevoir protected him for the most part, making the charges his.
He could feel them dancing in his gut, whizzing in his bloodstream, battering against him.
They wanted, no, needed out.
And who else but the god of lightning himself as a lightning rod?
Zeus sighed.
Stormy grey eyes flashing, he summoned a bolt, which was five times bigger and literally a million times more powerful than the previous one, and zapped the man.
Instead of killing him like it should have, he only stumbled back a step, before continuing forward.
Harry glowed faintly, static surrounding him, his eyes shooting sparks.
Adrenaline raced in his veins.
The electric power encompassed him, filled his being.
"Thank you, Zeus.
Thank you, so, so much."
Harry drew out a few simple charges of a thousand volts, and formed his own lightning thingy, encasing it around his wand.
"I couldn't have done this without you."
The god's eyes widened.
He hurled several more bolts into Harry, who just gliwed brighter and brighter.
"Avada Kedavra!"
Harry roared.
A huge flash of green and white that coiled around one another arced forward.
Zeus tried to flee, to run away, to dodge and avoid it.
The power.
But the spell sent out tendrils of white electricity that immobilised him, stunned him, before it smashed into his torso.
Screaming, he went down, his torso slowly dissolving away into dust.
Harry watched the god of lightning himself get defeated by lightning in amazement, not bothering to cover his eyes as he exploded into light.
The temporary blindness was not so amazing, but still...
The man opened his eyes only when the screaming had stopped, just in time to see ripples, in the air, heading towards him.
Alarmed but still in shock, Harry couldn't stop it in time, and the ripples crashed into him.
Heat, warmth, came into his body, invaded his senses.
His magic roared in defiance.
The struggle was over before it started, and the presence was cast out forcefully.
The ripples glumly billowed away into the night, as if admitting defeat.
Harry shook his head.
This place was strange.
He turned.
"Oh, goody, Daphne Greengrass, you're awake!"
Harry said.
He got out his steel knife, unsheathing it with a satisfying, sibilant ring.
"Just in time.
I just defeated your playmate."
Harry threw his head back and laughed.
"Isn't it romantic?
I did it for you!"
The fairy looked weak, now.
Frightened.
Like a scared, little girl.
She tried running for it, but Harry unleashed a wall of electric power right in front of her.
She jerked back, as if stunned, and turned around.
"Please, please, don't-" "Sweetheart, I don't do pleases."
Spinning the knife, Harry edged towards her.
The queen of fairies shook her head desperately, white, solid matter that burnt like the sun forming a protective shield around her.
He nodded back, and shattered her spell.
Before plunging the knife into her chest, twisting it, and pulling it out.
She gasped.
He impaled her belly, sending charged energies into her.
A shudder ran through her.
Her eyes dimmed.
"A-at le-le-least, t-tell Tor-Tori Da-Daph say says h-hi," she whispered.
Then she dissolved into dust.
The ripples in the air didn't come for Harry this time.
Harry looked at her remains impassively.
Then he looked at Zeus.
Laughter burst from his throat.
"Who's the Zeus now, bitch!
Me!
Me!
I shall show you what fucking Zeus is like!"
He released a bolt of lightning through the ceiling, and it crumbled.
Suddenly, a surge of energies, warm and cold, bloomed to life in his blood, not unlike what Harry'd felt when he was in the throne room.
But he didn't care, really.
He still laughed away.
His laughter still remained when he left the castle and apparated back into the forest, before returning to the shack.
"Harry, m'boy!"
The creature's eyes sparkled with mirth.
"How did it go, my brother?"
"Azazel, you son of a bitch.
"Ozone filling his nostrils, Harry kicked its face.
Electrical cackles sounded, whipped the air, the skies greyed, the works.
His ankle abruptly twisted before it could strike the creature.
He howled.
"Ow, for fuck's sake!
I discover that I'm fucking Zeus and I still can't kill you, much less kick your hideous mug?"
Harry nursed his ankle, before towering over a hurt Azazel.
"Explain."
"Sure thing!"
Azazel grinned, losing his wounded expression.
"So I was an angel."
The creature began, and looked at Harry for confirmation to continue, as Harry hadn't really bought that the last time he was here.
But now, he simply nodded, resigned.
The world was full of supernatural wonders.
In addition to the ones he'd learnt in care of magical creatures.
"I mated with women, long story short," it continued.
"Actually, many others that were with me did as well.
Y'now, the women then were hot!
Like smoking-" Harry waved his hand.
"Yes, yes, what happened after your puberty hit?"
Azazel sighed.
"They get so impatient these days."
Harry glared.
It grinned even more.
"Anyway, we knocked those bitches up, and they bore us children.
Powerful children, apparently immortal, too.
Some were- what I am not ashamed to call- monsters, some were giants, and some just were talented in the m-" "Magical arts!
Cool!"
Hary cut in.
"Yeah.
And so these children, along with their mothers, worshipped us as deities and gods and shit, and made idols.
But Mab didn't.
No, scratch that, quite a few didn't.
They wanted to be worshipped themselv-" "Mab as in...?"
Harry prompted.
"The queen you just met."
"What?
But-" "Please, stop interrupting," the creature said exasperatedly.
"Yeah, Mab as in my daughter.
Or you could call her Titania.
Or Maeve.
Or... Whatever.
Shakesphere knew quite a lot about her, I believe.
Anyway, some of our children wanted to be worshipped, so they made humans-" "Non-magical?"
"No shit."
Azazel swore, its wings ruffling irritably.
"Anyway, they made humans worship them instead, which made me rather unhappy.
Then the oh so awesome creator sent a flood to wipe them out.
Most of our children died, but this particular group had managed to convince us rebel angels that they were more worthy of protecting than the others."
"They promised they would do their best to break us from our chains."
Azazel gave a bitter smile.
"Sure, we knew it would be impossible to break whatever,"- it mimed puking- "God had made, but it was nice to know that our children were actually that devoted to us.
So we made a pocket dimension for them to hide in, expecting them to visit when we were imprisoned-" "But of course they didn't.
Those sad, pathetic fools who called themselves gods and desired worship didn't."
Realisation dawned on Harry, and he looked at the creature, baffled.
"You wanted revenge just because little Mabbie didn't visit?"
"Yup!"
Harry slammed a fist across his forehead.
There was a moment of silence, before his eyes narrowed.
"And you possessed me, didn't you," Harry suddenly said, voice hardened steel.
Thunder boomed.
"You tentacle raped me and made me believe such bullshit.
Brothers, was it?
For your sake?"
"Well-" "Give me your power, or we're through."
"But-" "You have a week," Harry declared, reigning his temper in.
The first time he'd sent a bolt of lightning down on the very flammable shack, he had been lucky it didn't burn to the ground.
Now, though, now that he had the power of a freaking deity...
He looked at the picture of him, Ron and Hermione smiling together.
It wasn't worth it.
He apparated away without looking back.
If it wanted to play, Harry would let it play with itself.
Autistic children.
The man landed in a nice, cozy bunker.
What could he say?
Slaves were useful.
There were no entrances, no gates, as Harry had long since transfigured them into magically strengthened steel, and had sent the whole place underground for good measure.
Sure, Voldemort might have already given up looking for him after he'd escaped during the battle of lost hope (nicely coined by Hermione).
But one could not be so confident in themselves.
Especially when facing the worst dark wizard of all time.
The reddish brown telltale signs of rust that had smothered the walls were now gone.
A metal closet stood against the entrance, while their double decker bed was placed directly opposite to it.
Scattered runes shone a dim, yellow light on everything.
Harry's eyes then swerved to the bunch of scrap metal on the floor.
His little project.
A hypothetical time machine.
It already had some semblance of being workable, with something that looked like a electrical conduit at the mountain's tip.
Or maybe that was just a metal rod, he didn't know.
Should he finish it now?
Harry gazed thoughtfully at the rattling closet.
Voldemort was out there conquering the world, which meant that completing the machine should take precedence.
Or, maybe not.
He deserved a break.
Damn the world.
He would be damning the world if he messed that mountain of rubbish up, anyway.
Also, to excuse his general laziness, the more Harry thought about his plan, the more foolish it seemed.
If he travelled back in time to smother baby Tom in his sleep, it didn't matter when he did it anyway, since he literally would be changing the order of events that lead up to that point, not the present itself.
Hell, he could let the world go up in flames and have it back to normal the next day, if he so desired.
As long as he completed the thing before he died, everything should be fine.
Harry really needed to reconsider a few things first.
Therefore, the choice was made.
A break he would have.
The man finished his little bit of cleverness, and examined the place another time last time, for good measure.
He nodded happily.
Astoria had outdone herself, as usual.
Then it hit him.
Harry realised what was wrong!
The place was unusually quiet!
Shaking his head, Harry absently kicked a bolt away as he walked towards the closet.
Astoria loved her games, didn't she?
Fine, maybe he would play along.
Being a spoilsport just wasn't him.
"Astoria, Astoria, my little girl.
Come out and play," Harry crooned.
A pathetic whimper escaped from behind the double doors as Harry yanked them open, a leer on his face.
"Oh, I have some new toys for you!"
Harry drew out a few sparks.
She jumped.
Crouched near the gloomy doorway was his bitch, all huddled up and naked, her arms circling her smooth, creamy thighs that pressed against her bust.
Pitiful yet bright, violet eyes stared at Harry, begging him to end her pain.
Her long, red hair spread over her shoulders like she wanted to spread her legs.
She looked in good condition.
Not that this was unexpected, mind.
He fed her well.
She just looked better today, he supposed.
"W-what have you got, Master?"
Astoria whimpered.
A shudder ran through her.
Fear shone through her eyes.
Her tiny nose quivered.
Harry smiled.
"You'll see, you sweet, kinky girl."
He stroked her hair, before hauling the bitch up by those long, red tresses roughly, and slugging her straight into the wall of the cupboard.
She disappeared in a vortex of colour, screams ringing in the closet.
Vibrations ran through him.
Tilting his head to the side, Harry considered the stretch of metal in front of him.
If the cave wasn't clean, he would be pissed.
In fact, he might even piss in Astoria's mouth for fun.
He shrugged.
Then he stepped in.
It was a portal.
Like the one at platform nine and three quarters, except less pleasant for his tastes.
It went straight into the Chamber of Secrets.
No, not the Chamber of Secrets at Hogwarts.
The Chamber of Secrets Harry had made for that girl, far away from Britain.
In a whirl of colour, the wizard found himself in a huge, dark cave.
Stalactites hung from the ceiling.
Each step echoed throughout the place.
With a lazy wave of his hand, he lit up the magical torches by the walls, brightening the place up.
Astoria sat with her legs spread wide open by a puddle of water, playing with herself.
A finger plunged into her slick pussy, dipping in before dipping out, as violet eyes shuddered closed, gasps escaping those blood red lips.
"Couldn't help yourself, could you, slut?"
Harry chided, and muttered as he walked, "Stupid masochist."
"N-no, master.
I'm sorry.
I need t-to be punished!"
Hope flared in her eyes.
"Please!
Ple-" Astoria screamed.
Flailed.
She sent splashes of water everywhere, as the air cackled with electricity.
Harry shook his head, then shot another flash of electrical charges into the water for a lark.
Since she seemed to enjoy it as much as being called "bitch", he should do it more.
She screamed again.
Once she had her fun, she layed there, panting.
Harry evaporated the water with a flick of his wand, making sure she was dry.
He then conjured a robe, throwing it over her perfectly as he sat.
"Had fun?"
he asked casually, twiddling his thumbs.
Disgusting.
Fucking herself in mud.
Crosseyed, she replied, "Yes, Master."
Harry beamed.
"Cool.
Please stop kinking out now," Harry warned.
"We have things to settle."
Astoria nodded demurely, and sat upright.
She appeared completely attentive.
Pleased, Harry looked around for a target.
Water dripped steadily from the huge, jagged rock closest to them, splattering where the pool used to be with murky liquid.
He decided that that would be made an example of, annoyed at the sound.
A thin, searing bolt gathered and lanced forward from his hands, blowing it into pieces.
"There," Harry declared.
Around them, electricity buzzed.
Orbs of light radiated through his irises.
A strange tingling feeling crept through him, a phantom pain that wasn't really pain, hot that wasn't hot, cold that wasn't cold.
But he ignored it, dismissing it as electricity.
And nothing, basically, since hot plus cold equals lukewarm, which feels pathetic.
"I have it, now."
Harry smirked.
Astoria looked at him in amazement.
"You have..." "Yup," Harry said, popping the 'p'.
"I defeated the god of lightning himself, with lightning.
And gained his powers, I believe.
Our little experiment worked."
The experiment, a ritual both of them had concocted.
When done to a wizard, it siphoned the power from any murdered, storm based, creature into one's magical power.
This only worked if they had a talent for those kinds of magicks to begin with, however.
Of course, since Harry always seemed to get the rare things, he had it.
He had discovered his affinity for lightning just one year after Voldemort's complete victory by zapping Ron in the ass when they had gotten into a spat.
And it was worth it.
The redhead looked at him with a mixture of awe and pride.
"I knew you could do it.
Oh, Harry!"
She hurled into his lap and hugged him.
Sniffles were heard.
"We can finally kill that bastard!
We can finally take revenge!"
Harry stilled, before returning the hug.
Her happiness was understandable.
She wanted payback, and this would allow her to get it.
A servant of the dark lord, that slime Malfoy, had had her love potioned and enchanted with loyalty spells until two years ago, after all.
And he had not been such a good husband.
That homosexual dog had raped her, impregnated her, and abused her.
Who wouldn't want vengeance on the cause of their misery, the foreboding power that started it all, the root of their problem?
It was only after a few days of enraged, and mindless torture, that Harry had realised: she was beginning to act more like a person, than a rabid bitch.
That was when he found out about the evil of the death eaters.
Sure, they raped.
But did they have to make their victims enjoy the rape, too?
So he sheltered her, helped her.
When Astoria could speak in proper sentences again, the girl had requested for Harry to kill Malfoy Junior.
Harry had agreed, reluctantly.
Sure, it might have been answering an evil with another evil, but pity was a strong motivator.
He had pitied her constant lust for abuse.
For dominance.
For punishment.
Her desire to be a bitch.
He cackled inwardly.
Then rebuked himself.
She was getting better now.
By killing an infant, Harry showed that he still had a heart, after all.
That didn't mean he had to like her displays of affection, however.
A few moments went by.
Harry cleared his throat awkwardly, and shook her off.
She landed on the floor, glared at him, then lost the glare as a frightened look replaced it.
"Anyway.
On to the next topic," Harry said, desperately searching for a diversion.
The sensation came to him again, reminiscent of what he'd felt in... Ah.
There it was.
"What do you know about fairies?"
A look of uncertainty passed over her pretty face.
"Uh... Cornish Pixies?"
she asked in a small voice.
"Why?
Why do you ask that?"
"Oh, you don't know about them?"
Harry raised an eyebrow.
Astoria looked at him miserably.
She nodded.
"You do?
Very well.
I shall explain why they were mentioned."
He told her about meeting the sage, summoning Azazel, getting mind fucked by Azazel (she cried in rage), going to fairyland because of that dog's sick craving for revenge, and meeting the queen.
When he reached that part, Astoria hung her head.
"Daphne was there, wasn't she?"
she whispered, eyes red.
"Daphne, my big sister.
My bitch."
The redhead sniffed.
"Oh, yeah.
Sorry bout that."
Harry scratched his head.
"Er.
I kinda killed her."
He gave a nervous laugh.
She smiled back.
"No, d-don't blame yourself, Harry.
I warned her not to accept the deal."
Astoria hicced.
"It isn't your fault."
The man tried not to focus on her partially covered breasts, or her smooth legs, or that tiny scar on her neck, looking into her beautiful, violet eyes instead.
He nodded along.
She took in a shuddering breath.
"Daph summoned a fairy four years back, a couple of days before the Battle of Hogwarts."
The redhead rubbed her eyes.
"Our father wanted to marry her off to that bastard Nott."
Astoria suddenly hissed.
"But she refused.
She tried running off, to no avail.
She tried fighting our father, but he was much more skilled than she was."
"Desperate, she asked me for help, seeing as I was about to be married to Malfoy, and his manor had a sizeable library."
"That, that I know," Harry agreed.
They both sat in silence, the steady dripping of water filling the air.
Harry found he was too lazy to destroy every source of the noise to care.
To be honest, the sounds were becoming more and more peaceful.
"That was before I had been potioned by that bloody bastard," Astoria suddenly continued.
"So I still had the sense of mind to help people out.
Good people.
I immediately scoured the library, found a surprising muggle book on demonology, and went to her."
"Then she summoned a fairy, didn't she?"
The pieces lined up.
Harry thought it was all so obvious now.
Astoria nodded silently, glaring at nothing in particular.
"The queen spoke through the fairy.
Daphne would be sheltered by the fairies, all while hosting the queen.
And the queen happily made that deal because she required a body," Harry muttered.
"It makes sense!"
Harry beamed at Astoria, noticed her expression, and hastily added.
"Not that I want it to make sense, mind you!"
It wasn't really a mystery, so Harry didn't know why he was so excited about things adding up.
Maybe he should just shut his mouth.
Astoria was on the verge of tears again.
At least she was pretty cool about it.
"She's at peace now," said Astoria brightly, later on that day.
The rest of the day was spent telling Astoria about his battle against Zeus, while carefully omitting a few, a, uh, sensitive details.
They returned to the bunker just before dark.
Harry conjured a fat, tasty cow, and roasted it alive for their dinner.
Strangely, the heat of his conjured flames seemed stronger than before.
After dinner, Astoria went to bed.
It was earlier than her usual bedtime, but the man ignored that fact.
Who was he to dictate her actions?
Harry bid her goodnight, before continuing with his bunch of junk.
"A pile of shit, you are," Harry cursed, moments later.
He stormed to bed.
A thunderstorm could be heard, even with several hundred metres between them and ground level.
As he settled down nicely, Harry noticed something.
No, he didn't notice his hidden desire to rut Astoria in like the slut she was.
Like Harry'd said before, he didn't rape.
So shut up, asshole.
No, he noticed something different.
Something not exactly new.
He noticed, right then, that he knew what that strange sensation was.
The thing he had felt, flowing through him, after Daphne's death?
That orgasmic high?
(No wonder that bitch had acted so manic.)
It was in his veins, along with the currents of electricity flowing through them.
It ensnared his senses, turning his nerves to ice, and pouring liquid fire over them.
It was summer and winter.
His eyes snapped open.
Frost rushed over to his fingertips.
His stomach burnt, flames blew out his nostrils, and his eyes sizzled, shooting sparks.
Harry quickly got up and conjured a mirror.
Some weird shit was going on, and he sure as hell wasn't dying because of it!
He blinked.
"Holy fucking-" And then he fainte.
t was cold.
And bright.
And very, very electrifying.
Also, Harry was floating on nothing.
"Hello!"
said a voice to his right.
Harry stood.
He lifted a hand to shield his eyes, and turned to face that mysterious voice.
It was a dog.
And a small one at that.
The dog had fiery fur, fluffy ears, and a tiny snout.
It stood on four legs, as all dogs do, and its tail wagged in the air.
Maybe a golden retriever that wasn't golden.
Who knew.
"What the flying hippogriffs..." Harry shook his head.
Holy shit was he dreaming.
"Yes, yes you are, my friend," another voice sounded behind the first.
A white puppy bounded its way to the first dog.
It looked exactly like spaz number one, except its fur was white.
Duh.
"Uh... who are you?
And what happened to my constant fantasies of Astoria?"
Harry asked slowly.
"Because if you stole them away, I would kill you."
Harry looked around.
Everything he saw was light which made the sun a matchstick in comparison.
The light didn't appear to have a source, too.
He let his hand fall, since his eyes would burn either way.
"We are you, mister Potter," came a third voice.
A third dog, a pale blue one, came and stood beside number two.
They stared at him with dead, black eyes.
"This is all getting too retarded for me," Harry said nervously, backing away.
The dogs followed, all whilst swaying around drunkedly.
"Are you sure about that," dog number one yapped.
"Yeah, we are you, after all," dog number two woofed.
"And why would you want to kill yourself?"
dog number three growled.
Then they stopped, and Harry found himself stopping, too, as their eyes glowed with blackness all at once.
Harry yelped.
He whipped out his wand, only for it to burn into ashes as wisps of black from the dogs came together and whipped out, before incinerating his wand.
"Y'all are crazy!
Help!"
he shouted, hoping someone, something, would save him.
"Merlin and Morga..." His voice suddenly rang, and the echoes pierced his head, bringing it into agony.
Clutching his head, Harry sank down.
"Shut up.
Their sexual relationship wasn't funny," dog number three yowled.
"Merlin knocked her up with the first half breed.
That's why incest is bad."
Despite all this, Harry almost rasped out a laugh.
He really was that fucked in the head, huh.
Their eyes became brown all of a sudden.
Harry sighed.
"We bring you a warning, myself," the dogs chorused.
"Stop holding back.
If ya love Astoria, then love her," said the red puppy.
"Ya don't need to hide it."
"If not..." trailed the white puppy.
"Bad things will happen!"
shouted the blue puppy.
All the puppies barked happily.
Harry suddenly got up and said, "Good one!"
He clapped happily.
The dogs were clapping their paws, too.
Everything went fuzzy.
Was he possessed, he might have asked.
No, no he wasn't, the dogs said truthfully, the dogs just were a part of him, the consequences to gaining... was it power, they said?
The spirits had been the ripples in the air that he saw and now he had split up into four Harrys and could be happy.
Ah, he might have replied.
He giggled.
The dogs melded into a cerberus afterwards, which he rode on, then they all fell into a hole in the ground and they were falling... Harry awoke to the sound of a voice.
His eyes stayed shut.
That had been a really... really weird dream.
Merlin and Morgana's incestuous fuck.
"Harry!
Harry!"
it called, sounding desperate.
"Oh, Harry, please, wake up!
You can't have died!"
That was... Astoria.
Right.
She was quite the harpy sometimes.
Curious to know whether Romeo and Juliet would happen right in front of him today without needing to buy tickets or something, Harry remained still when he felt her slender hand on his forehead.
It froze.
She lifted it, and felt his forehead again.
And again.
Each attempt to feel his temperature became increasingly painful.
Then Astoria smashed her knuckles into his skull, and gave up.
Harry nearly sobbed in relief.
"Damn it!
Not again!"
Astoria shrieked, and Harry held back a gasp.
What happened, here?
"First, my sister, and now, now... Harry!
My Ha-Harry!"
Sobbing quietly, a weight flung itself on him.
The man held back a wince, and tried to ignore the part she was crushing with her breasts.
"Everyone I love is dead.
What do I do now?"
Despite her sadness, Harry felt his heart soar.
So Astoria did love him, it seemed.
His eyes opened.
Harry was awarded with the delectable sight of frilly knickers and smooth, pale skin.
The redhead was in a french maid costume today, complete with a bowtie on top of her braided hair.
She had curled up into a ball, and was rocking back and forth while his waist screamed in pain.
"Still feeling kinky, I see," Harry mutterred sourly, sitting up.
Blood rushed to his legs.
"Please, just..." Astoria clutched the sides of the bed to support herself.
Her eyes widened.
"Stop."
Harry sighed.
"Harry!
You're alive!"
Her violet eyes shone as she flung herself into his lap and hugged him, unconsciously straddling his waist.
Harry shifted, stomping down the urge to grind against her.
"You were so cold!
I thought you had died!"
Harry raised his eyebrows, beating his little bastard while he was at it.
"You couldn't have... cast a diagnostic charm?"
He shook his head sadly.
"I thought you were smart!"
"Oh!"
"Nevermind."
He prepared for his day, said goodbye to Astoria, and went through the portal.
Seeing as how he had nothing else to do until six days later, the man might as well try to use his new powers.
A lazy wave of his hands lit the place up.
"Now.
What do I start with?"
Harry stroked his beard thoughtfully.
His eyes caught sight of the blown up rock he had destroyed.
He nodded amiably.
"Hello there.
So you want your brothers to experience my treatment?"
The stray pieces of stone seemed to cry tears of joy.
"You want them to feel your pain?"
Are they laughing at you?"
Harry demanded.
They stared back stonily, but Harry thought he could feel hurt radiating off them.
He glared at the numerous stalactites still dripping water.
"Now you guys are only asking for it!"
he snarled righteously.
Static sizzled the air.
His eyes glowed faintly.
Concentrating on the charges currently flowing in his blood, he slowly drew out more and more sparks, focusing them into his hands.
Zeus had done it.
Why couldn't- shouldn't he?
That piece of garbage hadn't had much skill, and the power had come so easily to him, so Harry could do likewise.
He was the rightful god of lightning, after all.
The buzzing increased in pitch.
Scattered energies became twin, luminescent lightning bolts.
Even then, Harry forced more energy into them, attempting to recreate the last few jagged manifestations of electricity that Zeus had hurled in desperation.
The bolts grew, burning his eyes.
Blood streamed out his nostrils.
His pulse heightened.
Breathing became harder.
His magic core strained.
Unable to take it any longer, the man screamed, and unleashed the bolts.
Thunder boomed.
They arced out, absently bursting a few stone picks into dust with stray volts of electricity, before exploding into the walls.
The cave shook.
He sank against the wall, panting, and let the vibrations overun him.
Aeons passed.
Or maybe it was just a few minutes.
Then he stood, cleaned his nose, and stretched.
"That was cool," he declared to nothing in particular, so tired that he didn't even try sounding like an excited 'leetle boy'.
Boy did he want someone to empty his cock in right now, and sleep.
Sighing, the man doused a bucket of cold water on his snake.
He began working on winter and summer.
When Harry had seen his reflection the previous day, he had fainted not because he was exceedingly afraid, but because he was so pleasantly surprised.
His eyes had turned completely snowy, and he had snorted fire like a dragon!
He had been a snow shooting dragon!
So he tried to do the same thing.
He immersed himself into the flames.
Fire roared in him, heating his already charged vessels and sending shivers of pleasure up his spine.
Images of Astoria lying in throes of pleasure flashed into his head.
He was kissing her, touching her, violently fucking her- no, making love to her.
She moaned and whimpered.
He shuddered.
Heat rose into his hands.
Suddenly knowing what to do, Harry focused on the pleasure.
The bliss.
As if he had always had the knowledge to begin with.
The temperature increased, his skin warming bright pink as candle light flames came to life in his hands.
"Astoria is a bitch," he tried.
That seemed to be his current attitude right now, along with his veritably conservative desires.
The flames grew.
"She is a slut!"
The flames became bigger than muggle implants.
"And...
I don't want to use emotions to do this!"
What if he broke down and ended up repressing his feelings?
He wouldn't be able to use this cool- nay, hot power, then!
The flames dimmed down into motes.
Harry glared.
He focused on the burning sensation in his hands, felt it try to extinguish itself, felt it coming from within, where his charges came from.
He fired a thousand volts at the fiery magicks.
Like a muggle bomb, it exploded.
Liquid fire replaced his blood, and his body burnt.
The flames in his hands turned from a lazy orange to white, almost invisible white, and Harry could feel the heat doing its best to chomp away at his protections.
He cackled, and lobbed both of them at the remaining bullies.
They melted into molten rock.
The next thing was winter.
Winter was a lot easier than Harry'd expected.
A stray thought came to him, and he understood.
"Daphne was the ice queen or something at Hogwarts, wasn't she?"
His voice rang in the silent cave.
Harry thought back to the first time he'd met her.
He had been standing behind her for an... owl exam?
"Ah, no wonder she was such a good candidate for the queen.
Daphne's prowess for her icy power surely came easily to her, reflective of her character," Harry realised.
"And since I received her powers, it comes easily to me, too!"
He just needed to feel it in his blood, like he did with lightning, to access it.
Stretching forth his hand, Harry started working.
The cave shook.
Ice encased a few stones, before bursting into snow in a flash of azure light.
When Astoria came to visit in the afternoon, the place had completely frozen over.
The redhead casually sidestepped an icy spike on the ground, ignoring the sight before her with the grace of a serpent.
Sauntering over, Astoria batted her lashes and hiked up her dress, revealing her uncovered, dripping cunt.
Harry blinked at the violent description.
"Oh, master, electrify me!
I have been a bad-" "Nope.
Not going to do that anymore," he told her firmly, before dousing her in cold water.
She sagged, and sulked back to the portal.
After causing a couple more snowstorms, Harry returned to his bunker, collapsed on his bed, and sank into unconsciousness as soon as his head hit the pillow.
He dreamt of the dogs.
Again.
No, not the dogs.
The cerberus, to be exact.
But 'dogs' had fewer syllables than 'cerberus', so he liked it better.
"Seriously, what the heck, guys.
I want my dream back!"
Harry cried.
The brightness seared his eyes, though the man found it more bearable than how it had been the day before.
All three of them growled, stepping forward threateningly.
The red dog yapped, "We told you to love her!
As in make love to her!"
"Yeah, and in addition to that," the white dog howled, "She's already told you that she loves you!"
"Unknowingly!"
Harry said.
"She couldn't have known I was liste-" "Just do it, man," said the blue dog disappointedly, and all their heads shook.
Three pair of fluffy, flappy ears flopped down.
"Also, if you sexed her up, you wouldn't need the dream!
You would have the real thing!"
"Woof!
Woof!"
the dogs said in unison.
Harry reluctantly agreed with that.
"Good point," the man conceded.
"But that doesn't answer the question of why you pups must come here two nights in a row, duds.
If you have no good reason to, why even enter into my life in the first place?"
"Myself, I'm glad you asked."
Red said.
The other two nodded sagely.
"We are here to teach you..." "How to use your powers!"
White finished succinctly.
"Your control sucks, me!"
Harry thought it would be a good idea, and agreed immediately.
His fire still sucked.
His snowstorms only lasted for one hour each, and they needed many thoughts, instead of a stray thought.
Blue gave a doggy grin, and barked.
Harry awoke with a smile on his face.
With a thought, he created a ball of fire in his palm, which jumped at the chance to lick the wooden bed.
Whoops.
Harry lazily conjured up an image of icy winds and snow in his head, and sent out his power.
Everything froze.
Astoria cried bloody murder.
"Harry, what is this?"
she asked hopefully.
Harry didn't need to look at her expression to see that her kinks were returning.
"Why can't I move?
Are you punishing me, mast-" Freezing her mouth over, Harry peeked over his bed, smiling nervously.
He gawped.
Even his metal pile looked like the tip of a mountain.
The wizard imagined the cold disappearing from existence, and the ice vapourised.
"Peace, Astoria," he soothed.
Cool winds, that came from nowhere, visibly made her pur like a cat.
"Just playing with my dogs, is all."
The redhead shot him a strange look, but shook her head, continuing her french maid dusting.
Her little black dress was at least more conservative, today.
Harry thought this was progress.
Listening to Zeus, also known as the personification of his electricity in his head and the white dog, the man made sure to kiss Astoria goodbye before he left.
Gazing into her surprise-filled, purple eyes, he said, "Goodbye, b- I mean, my sweet."
Her mouth opened, but gave no words.
Harry rather thought he was a professional.
Then, leaving Astoria behind, the man apparated back to the old sage.
It was time to get a new friend in case Azazel decided to be a dick.
If Azazel wanted to play dirty, Harry would cuck around with its 'brethren' and play dirty, too.
In addition to that, the wizard wanted to make that coot pay.
Implying that Azazel was a good boy would see that crone rolling around like a goat.
How dare he cause so much trouble!
"Hullo, ya old coot!"
Harry cheerfully greeted.
"Remember me?"
He kicked the old man's ass with his spiked boot.
ilence prevailed as the old man fell on his face, groaning, his butt high in the air.
Winds died.
Potions bubbling in their cauldrons vapourised.
Harry smiled.
"Dead already?"
asked Harry.
He circled the sage.
"Well.
Well.
Well.
You see why I hate liars now, old man?"
Harry sent a kick to his ass.
The sage's upper body scraped the floor as he demonstrated his inferiority, and prostrated himself.
"No!"
said the sage at last, sounding muffled.
Harry raised his eyebrows.
Insects were resilient creatures, but Dumbledore's secret brother had looked pretty old to him.
"I am not dead.
Fool," the sage screeched.
"Then you're deluded.
I obviously have the h..." Harry cocked his head.
"Huh."
The sage's wrinkled flesh contorted, smoothed over, became far more bony and tall.
White spread from the tips of his fingers like rot, washing away wrinkled flesh.
Bulging veins submerged under pallid skin.
White robes lengthened, blackened, tearing at the edges.
Neck swivelling around as weathered brown eyes slicked with blood, the noseless visage of Voldemort burnt Harry's eyes.
Sigh.
It was the bastard.
"You should know that I live forever, Harry," Lord Voldemort scolded.
"Damn, you're hideous."
That was all Harry could think of.
He wrinkled his nose, fanning his face.
"The hell.
What happened to my boy, the sage?
I thought you were busy shooting for America!"
"Actually, boy," Voldemort softly said.
His body turned, screwing his head back to its rightful position "I'm just here to visit an old-" "No matter," Harry snapped, whipping out his wand.
"Avada Kedevra!"
A jet of brilliant green lunged forwartd, but Voldemort's hand blurred, and it slammed into another.
Tendrils of green burst outwards, cackling like his electricity.
Everything they reached sizzled into all matter of dust and flames.
Laughing, Harry disapparated.
Finally, a worthy opponent!
(That didn't mean he liked Tom already, mind you.
Harry still loathed Voldemort like he had loved the presence of Draco's thorougly desecrated corpse in his living room untill Astoria had set in on fire.)
The hut exploded into flames in his wake.
He landed yards away.
Looking around, Harry shivered.
Cold crept through his veins, snaked back and forth his spine.
The middle east's heat crumbled against his icy powers.
"Avada Kedevra!"
A green streak flew at him.
Harry liquidified the air, froze it before it splattered the ground, and blocked the spell.
The ice shattered.
He twisted behind to face another one whizzing straight for his face.
A cow appeared mid air between them, before boiling away when Harry waved his hand.
"Sorry, you great horned guy," Harry said sadly as the cow's pitiful look melted off.
Reddish brown tears ran down its cheeks, and splattered the ground.
Blood exploded out, but vapourised before touching Harry.
Just like evaporating seas, the body sizzled away into the air afterwards.
"What a tearful goodbye!"
hissed a shrill noise.
A round of applause reached the man's ears.
Harry rolled his eyes and turned around.
"Couldn't materialise in front of me, could you," he muttered, smiling pleasantly at the bastard.
"Hiya Voldie!"
He waved.
"So, I see you've changed, Potter!"
Ignoring his greeting, Voldemort came at him with all his snake like glory.
His wand fired sparkles of tiny, colourful serpents.
"Power!
Elemental power, even!
You were born with a power I knew not, after all!"
Two scaled feet scraped across the sand abrubtly.
They stilled.
Voldemort cocked his head, studying the man from head to toe.
"Isn't it a good thing the prophecy has been fulfilled?"
"Yes, Tom."
Harry nodded demurely, wand firing twirls of lights that became prancing puppies.
"So why don't we just go?"
Voldemort asked curiously.
"Leave in peace?
Harry, I know I killed your parents..." He scratched his bald head.
"And mostly am the cause of taking everyone you've loved.
But shouldn't this war end?"
"You're right, Tom.
You already have the UK, Russia and China at your disposal."
Harry agreed happily.
"We should probably end this stupid spat of mine."
Silence followed that statement.
Voldemort looked like he couldn't believe his luck, and was bouncing on the ground.
A minute passed.
Harry drummed his boots on the sand.
The searing wind beat his face like a pillow, like Astoria's warm bossom on his bastard.
It was rather nice.
"Er... so why aren't you...
er?"
the dark lord asked smartly.
Sweat dripped from his non existent brows.
"Because I wanna kill you."
"Damn," Voldemort cursed.
"And if I leave?"
"You know, I didn't think people were into your madness."
Harry pointed at those dancing serpents, while making his puppies bigger.
"Its kinda dumb, and its getting dumber.
Like you.
You can't leave.
You have wards preventing that, remember?"
A wince.
Red irises darted left and right.
"Come, let me end your misery, Tom!"
"You mean duel?"
asked Voldemort, amazed.
Harry slammed his fist into his forehead.
"Obviously."
Losing his fearful facade, Voldemort cackled, nostrils widening in noseless laughter.
"Potter?
Against me?"
He pointed at himself.
"Oh well.
I suppose testing myself against an elemental such as you should be time well spent."
Both of them bowed.
Then the duel began.
Voldemort's wand hand blurred.
Vibrant spells with slightly less vibrant effects decorated the air.
Harry ducked, rolled, sent shield after shield of ice and conjured cows.
Voldemort was an unrelenting foe, pressing for every single opportunity he could get, despite his apparent folly.
Killing curses littered the area, creating soft eruptions of sand.
Snake like spells that hissed were hurled with grace.
Harry sidestepped, backed off, and yelped in defiance.
It looked like Voldemort had the higher ground, slowly pushing the man closer and closer towards the wrecked hut, not allowing him to throw his own spells.
Then Harry thought.
The air around Voldemort suddenly exploded into flames.
The onslaught of spells halted.
Voldemort screeched in rage as his robes burnt.
Apollo barked as the fires grew larger than a dragon on fire.
That bastard was consumed.
"That's right!"
Harry howled, before encasing his wand with electrical charges.
Static spluttered around him.
A low rumble came from the clouds.
He would deal with that slimy snake once and for all!
"Pefende Ignis!"
A metallic buzz split the air as fiery cows erupted out his wand.
They struggled against his will, spidery legs of crimson, charged energies trying his prowess, scuttling desperately.
But they failed, and Harry tamed them.
Made them his cows.
His slags.
When that saw their inferiority, they obediently zipped off, and flung into the flames.
What sounded like a deep, rumbling earthquake crashed against his eardrums.
The world went up in flames.
Whistling a jaunty tune with his hands held limply by his sides, Harry let the flames envelope him.
"You know, Apollo said in his head, "At least name me after a cool guy, instead of that loser Apollo.
Maybe even-" The waves of fire cut off.
A giant made of grey, bitter smoke billowed into the air.
"Merlin's tits!"
Harry squaked, alarm bells ringing.
Zeus, Apollo and Mab pranced around in fear.
He attempted to blow the smoke away but something high pitched and cold hissed.
The cloud came, raised his foot despite Harry's snowstorm, and smothered him.
Harry coughed.
"You dog!
That was horrible!
My lungs are dead!"
he exclaimed, a little hurt seeping through his innocent face, hoping the cruel snake man could hear.
"How could you?"
The man gasped, before thinking to avenge his fallen lungs.
The sky rumbled from above.
Clouds, white, cold, clouds, gathered.
Lightning illuminated the grey, and rain immediately followed.
The smoke dissipated.
The drum of rain on the sand steadily sounded.
His vision cleared.
A figure stood in the storm, a hundred yards from him.
"I see you have been training, Potter!"
Voldemort cried, bloody eyes full of hatred.
Harry noticed, as a blast of lightning flashed, that Voldemrot's robes were steaming, his skin scattered with blisters.
"It might be so, but I won't be seeing you again!
You daft, motherless-" "Suck my balls, you dark scum," said Harry, calmly.
A bolt of lightning struck down, while the skies boomed, impaling the spot where the bloody bitch stood.
Then another six showered down for good luck.
When the wizard went to check, there was no steaming black cloak, no burning flesh.
There were only seven chasms that went down to who knew where.
Harry shook his head sadly.
How disappointing!
He looked back to the remains of the hut.
At least that old man had gotten his due.
"Or maybe Voldemort was the old man from the start," Harry breathed, and shuddered.
To think that Tom could stoop no lower, when he had been masquerading as Dumbledore's secret pervert brother all along... A clone of Dumbledore and Voldemort's skinny ass drifted through his mental walls.
That was bad.
Harry puked.
He let the gunk roll around in his mouth thoughtfully.
And rather unlikely.
Unless that bastard had summoned an entity to look for him.
But why?
The man swallowed and allowed the chunks of minced dissolved goo roll down.
So maybe it wasn't that much of a reach.
Maybe Voldemort had purposefully led him to Azazel.
But jumping to conclusions wasn't enough.
He needed answers.
It was time to pay Azazel a visit again.
The man disapparated.
He landed in his self made shack, only to see that Azazel had gone.
"Oh, for the love of Morgana's tight ass!"
Harry cried.
Voldemort had summoned freaking Azazel!
Rain brewed in the clouds.
Tears from the sky dripped down his face.
"Agony!"
the young man said doefully.
Meanwhile... "I want more ideas, more plans.
I want more power!"
the serpentine man hissed to the winged creature restrained in the circle.
"Give them to me!"
"And probably more intelligence, too," he added as an afterthought.
When Voldemort had last summoned a so called "demon", he had been in for a treat.
The entity had gave him so much for free, so much knowledge, he had been literally rolling in it.
Creating a horcrux.
Now that had been difficult.
But he had only asked when the thing had told him the right way to do it.
Then, it was only a year back, when he had remembered his previous summoning and felt capricously nostalgic, that Voldemort realised he couldn't remember the exact location where he had summoned his first creature any longer.
So Voldemort searched.
He wanted to summon more.
He had time.
His conquests stopped, but his loyal servants manned his kingdom for him while he travelled.
Just weeks ago, he had found the old sage.
It was just a matter of channelling the information from the old man's brain into himself.
And so Voldemort summoned it.
The creature- Semjaza, or whatever it was called- told him that one Harry Potter would be visiting him soon.
He had wondered why he would want to kill Mr Potter, but then realise that maybe killing the annoying pest would do him good.
Semjaza said that his ex-nemesis might defeat him if he lived for too long, after all.
So Voldemort posed as the old sage, took over that crone's body.
And waited.
Then his old friend came.
A billowing, black cloak, and slightly unhinged, emerald eyes.
The power in the young man was palpabke when the shop bells clinked.
And Voldemort feared.
"The more you anger them, the more welcoming they will be!"
he had told Potter cheerfully, but refused to say anymore on the subject.
Potter, being the idiot he was, actually did it.
He'd summoned the being.
But survived.
That annoying pest had actually survived.
And Voldemort had felt an old flame rekindle in him, a deep, burning hatred that sizzled with his wounds.
"Uh, hi!"
The great chained thing interrupted his thoughts.
"I'm Azazel.
What's your name?"
"Hss hss hss!"
Voldemort cursed and blasphemed in parseltongue.
He'd summoned the wrong being!
"Uh, okay I guess."
"Avada Kedavra!"
Voldemort shrilled.
Boy, was he in for a trea.
ummoning scientifically impossible storms in the desert for the past few days was quickly becoming stale.
Harry wanted some fun before returning to the monotony of Azazel, which was even worse.
"I think going to Diagon Alley today would be fun," Harry told Astoria.
They were lying in the cave, arms a cushion for their heads.
"But you've just battled Voldemort!"
said Astoria worriedly, pushing herself up.
"You're wounded, you need rest, Harry!
Please-" "My dear girl, it has been two days since I met that bitch!"
Harry buried his hands in her red, curly hair, gently pulling her head down, and kissed her.
"Don't worry, Tori.
I'll be back."
Laughing uproariously, Harry stood and apparated away, landing in a street.
Astoria had strange fetishes.
He shook his head fondly, and looked around.
Noxious, grey smoke blew out of the numerous muggle retail shops lining the road.
People dressed in rags trudged about with their heads lowered.
A child sat at the edge of the street eating a slug.
That was... sad.
He waved his wand.
The smoke billowed out into the sky.
The slug transformed into a plate of primely cut steak.
Cries of surprise came from his surroundings.
"Cool."
He shrugged at everyone, and headed for the Leaky Cauldron.
He hoped Astoria still had enough food.
Oh, wait, she did.
They basically had a farm, now.
The man opened the doors.
No one tried to stop him.
Bells clinked.
Tom the bartender stood at the side, cleaning a mug.
Robed witches and wizards huddled together in groups, eating aromatic foods.
"Hiya Tom!"
Harry said casually, approaching the bar.
"Seen Voldemort around recently?
Gasps and mutterrings proceeded that statement.
The diners, if possible, huddled closer together, sneaking glances at Harry.
The man smiled and waved, and turned back to Tom.
The potbellied man gaped, wide eyed.
"M-Mr Pott-Potter!
Is that you?
Is tha really you?"
he whispered.
His eyes darted around.
"Come!"
he whisper shouted.
Getting on the barstool comfortably, Harry raised his eyebrows.
"If ya want to say anything, say it here, please?"
"Ugh!"
Tom threw his hands up.
The diners watched unabashedly.
"I'm trying to help you.
Nevermind!
You will die if you go in there, so get out while you can!"
"Ah, thanks for that."
Harry got out of his seat, tapped the brick wall despite protests, and went 'in there'.
He walked around aimlessly, waving to bypassers as he slithered through the maze of stores.
"What to do, what to do," he muttered.
The place was so dull, so boring!
"Wizards and witches, this is the shop for you!"
"Inviting all witches to try this witch cosplay costume!"
"Haters of Harry Potter!
We call for your help!"
The signs on every single store that Harry passed at least were cool.
They mentioned him.
To be honest, the man had expected cheerful greetings.
People at least acknowledging him with a 'Potter!'
and asking him to hang out or something.
But all they did was gawk and stare.
Some even took out a coin from their pockets before kissing it because they were weird.
They never waved back.
At least last time, a cheerful Neville Longbottom had acknowledged his presence.
Sure, the leader of Dumbledore's Army had received an intestine vomiting curse to the abdomen right afterwards, which had been rather unpleasant.
But at least someone had said a 'hello'.
Now though... Harry made the same exceedingly disheartening conclusion he had already made months before.
It turned out that every single person here had submitted to Voldemort's will.
He snatched a copy of the Daily Prophet from the floor, and snapped it open.
Potter Loses Against Our Master By Rita Skeeter "Ah, shit."
Harry sighed, looking at the sky for answers.
No heavenly messangers dropped from the clouds.
"Here we go again."
The man shook his head and went back reading.
"Just a few days back, Lord Voldemort, our gracious,-" Multiple cracks split the air behind him.
"Potty Potty!"
sang a smooth, melodious voice from behind.
"I love Potty!"
Harry stomped down the urge to wince.
Closing the tabloid, he threw it into his robes and turned around.
A gorgeous brunette stood two stalls from him in the middle of the street.
Frenzied fury could be seen in her eyes as her wand nearly slid from her grasp.
Firmly gripping their wands behind her, three robed and masked figures shuffled their feet.
'Kill that bitch!'
his wand seemed to pulse out.
'Nay, rape her!'
Zeus thundered- yapped, more like.
The two opposing sides of the argument were fine indeed.
Bellatrix was way hotter than she had been.
Her dark, wavy hair framed her heavenly face, so unlike the previous time he'd seen her.
High cheekbones accentuated her beauty, and her grey eyes smoked pot.
Clear skin filled his vision, and Harry wanted to never look away.
A pair of pouty lips shone with blood.
A corset wrapped around her slim body, and her skirt barely covered her privates, baring smooth, coltish legs.
"My, have you taken care of yourself," said Harry.
"So different... yet still the same."
Everyone shivered when they felt the raw power of the man who ran away in his words.
Bellatrix cackled.
The air tightened its strings.
"Ah, Potty, I could take care of your lusts for you, if you like!"
She slid her skirt off slowly.
"Oh, master-" Harry thought.
The air exploded into screeched in alarm as a circle of fiery heat coiled around her waist like an anaconda, just enough to cause her searing agony, but not enough to tarnish her skin.
She fell, screaming.
Harry smiled kindly.
"You can never-" A death eater shouted a command.
The three readied their wands.
"-beat Astoria in that."
"Stupefy!"
"Avada Kedavra!"
"Intesin explodus!"
Harry choked out a laugh.
Seriously?
Intesin?
Intestine?
They got so complacent these days.
Harry thought he should return the favour.
He lazily thought.
Walls of ice appeared between him and the jets of light, which smashed into the ice.
More jets of light flew, some slamming into the wall, some streaking over his head, but never reached him.
A clap of thunder.
Three arcs of lightning lanced down, spreading tendrils of white, charged power that gave the bypassers quite a nasty shock, and slammed into the heads of the three death eaters.
They gurgled as their skin went aflame, convulsed as electrical charges overode their pulses, and fell.
Trixie moaned as the coil of fire tentacle raped her.
Then Harry dragged that stinking bint up by her hair, gave a little wave to the spectators, and disapparated.
She passed out when Harry dumped her outside his shack.
Binding spells that would have made Astoria blush were applied to her every nook and cranny.
Nodding to himself, Harry entered and felt his wards parting around him.
The creature was there.
As expected.
"So, Azazel.
Where have you been?"
Harry fluttered his lashes coyly, just the way Astoria did.
It took him all his restraint not to summon a mega sized bolt of electricity that would short circuit the entire world.
A whole week!
It had been seven freaking days since Azazel had disappeared.
Seven days that Harry could have spent finishing Voldemort off once and for all with the powers and information that Azazel surely possessed.
"Damn was that guy good.
So many of those tight slags..." it muttered lowly, and blinked.
A pair of fiery yellow eyes focused on Harry.
"Uh, where I have been?"
Harry produced a foot sized crackling bolt of lightning in his hands, giggling as Azazel shrugged.
"Your friend's.
Cucking around and cheating behind your back.
Y'know, that sort of thing."
Azazel smirked.
"Why?
Are you jealous he received better treatment than you did?"
Its smooth voice rang in the super charged air.
Harry scratched his head in confusion.
The bolt puffed into smoke.
"Er, did you think I actually cared about our creepy one sided..." the man trailed off.
Then his eyes narrowed as the realization smote him like a bolt of lightning.
Static fizzed.
"Wait a minute, are you saying that you... you-" "You actually helped-damned shi- that literal bastard- stupid!- out-grrraargh!"
spluttered Harry.
"I thought we had a thing going on!"
"Yup," said the creature, pride shining like the sun in his eyes.
"I hope I've just created the antichrist.
My dear boy, you must understand, I want things to go quicker so I can have a lil' bit o' fun before my impending- lovingly delivered, mind!- eternal death."
"Do you even know what you've done, you fool!"
Harry hissed, pacing, as if that dog hadn't even spoken.
"You've doomed us all!"
Throwing his hands in the air, Harry snaked in parseltongue.
Angrily.
He didn't care for whatever that the deluded creature thought.
The world was at stake!
Lives were ending!
It was his responsibility to save them!
Also, Harry had kinda given up on his time machine.
So maybe he didn't really care, but impressions were important.
The man needed to act like a light wizard everyone needed but did not deserve.
Sometimes, Harry really wanted to eat a grey cloud of shit.
His musings were interrupted by a loud "Hello!"
from Azazel.
Annoyed but hopeful anyways, Harry stopped behind the creature, staring at its long, hippy tresses.
"Yes?"
"Child, I will help you."
Harry gave the finger to the back of its head.
"You couldn't have said that earlier?"
the man demanded.
"Like, after I killed your daughter for you?
Holy moly, you-" "There's a catch.
And you didn't kill my daughter, she's still flying around somewhere," said the creature.
"If ya give me a nice, nubile girl everytime you ask for a favour, I shall grant you a wish."
Harry thought about it.
If Azazel truly was a fallen angel, giving anyone over to him would always be immoral.
But why the hell not.
"I'll do it."
"Yipee!"
The wizard walked outside, grabbed Bellatrix by her ass, and threw her at the feet of Azazel, right into the summoning circle.
She groaned.
Azazel licked his lips, drinking in her curves.
"State your price," he said dreamily.
"I want information, Azazel."
Static spluttered to life in the surrounding air.
"What the flying hippogriff did you give Voldemort?
""Oh, I only gave him the ability to conjure water from his bare hands."
Azazel shrugged.
Harry pondered this over, and growled.
"Also, he is a teensy weensy bit more informed now.
Just a little."
Thunder rocked the shack.
Harry took in a deep breath, clenching his fists as a chilly wind blew icicles into his eyes.
Lightning illuminated the gloomy skies.
Azazel wolf whistled.
"So much power!"
it exclaimed.
"You..." Harry yelled, ignoring it.
His eyes shone with white.
"You... son of a-" "Bitch?
Why thank you!"
Azazel finished happily.
"Thanks for insulting Mr God up there, m'boy, Harry!"
It tilted its head to the clouds.
"You see, you old goat, I've made a new friend!"
The earth trembled under their feet.
Vibrations swept through every tectonic plate there was in the world.
Electrical currents started finding the shortest possible pathways to impale that dog.
Then it stopped.
Harry scratched his head.
Winds quietened, submissively licked their faces.
"Actually, I don't give a fuck.
Thanks for telling me that, Azazel."
He yawned.
Azazel arched his brows.
Bellatrix groaned again.
"You... don't care?"
Harry waved his hand irritably.
"Well, yeah, even if you did give that bastard power over water..." Harry sighed.
"I could just evaporate it away.
Like so."
He thought.
Bellatrix's slutty wear vanished.
She stirred, waved her arms around, as if trying to find a more comfortable positiom.
Azazel groaned, shifting on its feet.
"M'boy... you're killing me..." Harry couldn't help it.
He studied the creature in awe; It hid its bulge really well!
Where did it keep its goods?
"What about the information?"
he asked, many groans later.
"Man, do we have to do this?"
Azazel cried.
Bellatrix's head blearily rose, caught sight of its encompassing wings.
With a scream, it dropped to the floor.
"I want to... er... do things."
"Nope.
Keep to your agreement," said Harry stoutly.
"Fine!
I told your little friend that you were close to defeating him if he continued ducking around.
Is that cool?"
Azazel cried, sounding sincere.
The fire burnt in its eyes again.
Harry blinked.
So the fire was related to its emotions.
"Oh...
I guess-" "Now shoo!"
Grinning, Harry bent down and grabbed Bellatrix's butt, kneading the soft, firm mounds.
"Oh this is a good one.
Have fun!"
The man grinned at the creature one last time, before disapparating with a soft crack, his thoughts drifting away from Lestrange's fine rump.
He now knew how close he was to defeating Voldemort.
Judging by Azazel's warnings to that bastard, ironically.
And if Harry had anything to say about that, it would be real soon.
Voldemort would be sodomized so badly- and he didn't mean this literally- that old Tom would be crying for dear Merope to save him.
A wide smile spread over his lips.
Voldemort had better said his final prayers.
HP Quiet hiccups met his ears.
Water dripped from a nearby upside down spike that Harry had somehow missed.
The ground scraped under his boots as he walked forward, dimly illuminated by the torches lining the walls.
Harry found Astoria huddled up in a corner, her head buried in her hands.
He took the time to admire the creamy flesh her hiked up dress offered, the accentuated calves her translucent tigh highs gave, before plopping down beside her.
"My dear girl..." Harry said grandfatherly, shaking his head.
Honestly... "What now?"
Astoria's head lifted.
A pair of tearless, purple eyes gleamed with amusement.
"Hello there!"
she chirped.
Harry sprang back, pulled out his wand, and pointed it at that... thing's head.
"Who are you, and what do you want?"
Didn't that sound familiar.
Cedric was finally being honoured.
Giggles escaped the thing's mouth.
"Astoria Greengrass, at your service!"
"Oh."
Harry scanned her mind for good luck, and sat.
Companionable silence settled over them.
The girl was improving rapidly.
First, her dressups.
And now, this!
Within the same week, even!
Pranking?
Really?
Harry shook his head.
They settled into companionable silence.
"You know," Harry finally said, playing with a handful of snow.
"I need another sacrifice to Azazel."
Astoria's head lifted from between her legs.
She shot him a curious look.
"You're sacrificing to him now?"
asked Astoria, incredulous.
Harry felt proud of himself for that incredible conversation starter.
Staring at her red lips, he said brightly, "Yeah.
Virgin ones.
We made a deal.
Azazel gives me power, I give it a girl to knock up.
You know anyone who deserves this?"
The redhead immediately looked thoughtful.
"Someone who deserves it, you say..." Astoria said, a manic glint entering her eyes.
Her slim, willowy wand appeared in her hand as Harry absently conjured a cup of wine and swiftly downed it.
"Ah.
That's better."
Harry licked his lips.
He licked Astoria's, too.
Irked, Astoria swatted his tongue away with her wand.
It was then that Harry realised more of her was shining through each day.
Her true self before that homosexual dog had done her.
He found himself missing Astoria's sexy kitten self more and more, but he also appreciated current her strength.
Lowering his head like a recently castrated puppy that had just been given a delightful ocean of molten chocolate, Harry stared into space.
How should he defeat Voldemort?
He asked himself this everyday.
Boil that bitch alive?
Skin him?
Time travel to the past to gank that stupid cherubic face?
So many options, so little he actually could do.
Sure, Harry had many ways to kill Tom Riddle, but it stank that he only could use one.
Astoria's voice sent him tunnelling back into the present.
His head jerked up.
"I do know of a person."
A pause.
The redhead leaned against the wall.
She fanned herself.
Harry looked on, captivated.
Her voice, her actions, her habits, enthralled him.
Everything about her felt magical and made him all fuzzy inside.
Delightful melodies rang in the walls of the cave as they rang in his soul.
Like the voice Ginny had owned before her diaphragm erupted from her chest as her voice box disintegrated in a shower of bloody flesh.
Ginny... Ginny Weasley.
His first love.
How sad.
"She was a girl who was part of Daphne's little group of friends, if memory serves me well," Astoria continued.
Astoria didn't choke up anymore.
Harry smiled.
Progress, as he'd said.
"And don't you smile!"
she snapped.
Harry beamed.
The drumming of water gave the music its rhythm, but without the music it was just empty noise which needed to be destroyed.
Harry quite liked the drumming very much, thank you!
So of course getting Astoria to sing her tune was logical.
Sighing, Astoria ploughed on.
"Her name was... Tracey Davis, I think?
She said she wanted to do a few experiments.
Which, mind you, were really pleasant."
Harry quirked an eyebrow.
Closing her eyes, Astoria shrugged, pressing the tip of her wand against her temple.
"See them for yourself.
Memoriticus."
The wand glowed a brilliant white, before it dimmed.
When it did, she opened her eyes, and pulled it from her temple.
A silvery thread of light trailed its tip.
She plucked the thread out and gingerly handed it to him, silently, as if afraid it would break.
Water splattered on the far side of the cave.
Harry took the memory appreciatively, and gobbled the memory up.
He burped.
Light flashed around him.
Time reversed... and he was thrown into a memory.
Time to enjoy the show!
Mab purred.
Harry agreed merrily.
In the end, though, Harry disagreed.
He ended up seeing three of them, and rather boring ones at that.
So it came as no surprise that Harry was sorely displeased when he finally snapped out of all the teenage drama.
He glared at Astoria, who opened her mouth.
"Did you really have to add in your angsty teenage thoughts in there?"
Harry asked irritably.
The redhead closed her mouth with a snap, adopting a sheepish expression.
"Really?
And why didn't you just kill her?"
"Well, I can't filter out my thoughts!"
She pouted.
"To answer your second question, Davies was- is-... well, way more powerful than I am!"
Harry said nothing.
Static fizzed.
Sparks punctured through his eyes.
"I swear on it!"
she fearfully exclaimed, rubbing her arse on the floor a little, which made Harry a little relieved.
Astoria still had the bitch in her, then.
Then he immediately felt guilty about thinking that horrid thought.
As Astoria elaborated on the delicious mystery that was Tracey Davies, she found that she liked Harry's attention very much.
HP The lab had gone to the dogs.
Crushed pieces of paper littered the floor.
Tables had turned in odd angles.
Legs were missing from a few chairs.
Bodies bags were strewn everywhere.
In the centre of the room was a handsome man in his late twenties, with a sharp nose, a messily shaved beard, jet black hair and chocolate eyes.
Everyone at work liked him.
He was charming, even thought of as cute by some, and girls sighed whenever he walked past.
But right now, everyone in their right minds wouldn't think so.
All normal humans would be thoroughly repulsed.
His eyes were dilated in horror, mouth wide open in a silent scream of sheer agony as he spasmed on the floor.
His naked, bruised body oozed with a foul, inky liquid.
And his dick looked extremely worn out, as if someone had been riding it for days, with his internally bleeding waist to shiw for it.
"Timmy!"
the young lady who stood with a lab coat and glasses before the man snapped sharply.
"Bring me the potion!
Now!"
A teen who couldn't have been older than eighteen scrambled from where he stood mixing muggle chemicals with magical solutions.
He quickly poured the few flasks into a jug, said a frightened, "Solutionas!
", and scurried over to the young lady.
The young lady glared, snatched it from his hands, and, without looking at the potion to see that it had been done, spelled it into the man's mouth.
The effect was immediate.
Unnatural, guttural shrieks erupted from the man's throat.
He clutched at his chest as something terrifying and large began protruding from there.
It grew as big as a balloon, and his eyes grew frantic.
"Excellent."
The lady's cunt grew wet, and she moaned as she swished her wand.
"Pregnacis!"
A white glow settled at the tip of her wand, before shooting forward and hitting the man's stomach.
The man gave an unearthly shriek as the balloon descended.
The lady collapsed to the ground, hands sliding beneath her skirt as she examined the beauty before her.
It was finally working!
Beside her, Timmy looked sick.
Then, before the lady could reach into her knickers and give herself a nice impregnated man's dick, the balloon contorted, waves spreading through his belly as the thing inside him crawled back upwards.
The lady stood and whirled to face the terrified teen.
"What the fuck did you do you stupid fucktard!"
she screeched.
The teen's ears visibly trailed with red.
"Again and again!
I've failed!
No, you've failed!
Do you want to be like your stupid, no-good father, boy!"
The lady stalked over to the teen, who backed away, shaking his head, her wand shooting threatening sparks.
Just then, retching noises were heard, splattering the air with their grace.
A gurgle, more strangled retching.
The lady turned back and dispassionately looked at her next failure.
A warted frog erupted from his mouth, vomit and flecks of meat and blood trailing down its body.
"Avada Kedavra!"
The man's eyes filled with green, then became as glass.
The lady spat at the man.
She picked the frog up and hurled it at Timmy.
"Clean up, you miserable-" Green light, along with the roaring of a freight train, filled the room.
Her eyes widened as the frog vapourised into ashes and the green blinded her.
Silence.
When the lady could see again, Timmy was gone.
The room was empty.
She immediately took on a defensive stance.
For one to cast such a powerful killing curse silently would be a terrible opponent indeed.
"Whoever you are," she called haughtily.
"Just know that if you don't show yourself, I'm afraid to say that I'll be happy to use you as my next specimen."
Her voice rang through the lab.
The door was ajar.
Footsteps encircled her.
A rustle, then the air in front of her shimmered as a man materialised, seeming to take of a shimmering cloak that hadn't been there out of thin air and step out of a portal.
Harry Potter stared at her amusedly.
"Are you sure about that."
He chuckled.
The lady's eyes widened in fear, before narrowing.
She, of course had reax the prophet and knew what Potter coukd do.
But Potter wouod be at her feet, spasming in agony.
She would ensure it.
She lifted her wand.
"Potter.
Just in time.
I can't wait to use- Protego!"
Harry's stunner met her shield.
The silvery cloak melded into his black cloak as he clapped.
"Great!
So you are good at something.
Let's see if what Astoria said was-" Jets of light began filling the room as the lady fired every bondage, sodomy and binding curses she could.
A wall of cold, bluish white slammed onto the ground between them.
The spells clinked against the ice uselessly before the wall vapourised.
"Terrifiant!"
Harry crowed, slipping into french just because it sounded cool.
The lady growled.
"I'll make sure you enjoy being pregnant, Potter, or die trying.
And dear Asto-" A white tendril of light arced forward.
Before the lady could raise her wand to defend, she was blown off her feet, screming.
White hot agony shot through her nerves as thousands of volts ravaged her body.
Her heart stuttered, stopped, befire returning to life.
She spasmed as she hit a wall and collapsed onto the ground, begging for it to stop, death would be better, anything, it was ripping her apart, agony- It stopped.
"Say it again," a voice whispered next to her.
"Say it!"
The lady was not one to give up this easily.
She would show that Potter, and she would enjoy.
Every.
Single.
Bit.
Of.
Him.
"Pregnacis!"
she shrieked.
A cow, this time, met the light midaid.
The cow evaporated before it hit the floor.
Harry shook his head sadly, rubbing his ears and wincing.
Damn, her freaky voice... "Too bad.
I told ya to say it again, but... oh well."
He shrugged.
Then he thought.
Fire encased the bitch.
Screams rang in the air, (every nerve cried, the water in her left her body and she was drying for sure...) before muffling as her head was devoured.
Striding forward while whistling a merry tune, Harry grasped the head part of the flames and apparated away.
He hurled it at the feet if Azazel, and extinguished the flames.
She, of course, was unharmed.
He had made sure of that.
Azazel gasped.
"Wow.
Just..." it trailed off.
"Wow."
Harry smirked.
"Ya like her?"
The fallen boy could only nod.
A trail of drool left its mouth.
Harry laughed, thinking wicked imaginations.
"Wella, I thought she was rather hideous, but to each their own I guess."
Sparks of white and blue static appeared in his right hand, forming an ethereal looking handle that shimmered with white and blue.
Warmth flooded through his palms as a coil of lightning erupted from its tip.
"You ready?"
Harry grinned.
Green eyes torched aflame with the power of a malignant deity.
Hot, whooshing winds swept through the shack.
"Fuck yes!"
Azazel roared.
Harry smirked, before he lifted the whip, and sent it flying down.
That stupid bitch had fainted.
He needed to fix that.
A low rumble split the air, similar to that of thunder, as the arc of lightning struck Tracey's tight ass.
The young woman's hair stood.
Then the screams began.
Broken, ragged sounds of agony and stolen wishes.
Azazel groaned in anticipation.
Harry spat out a giggle.
"Wowzers!"
The coil wrapped around her waist, and began crushing her bones.
The screams spiked in pitch.
Harry winced.
Convulsions washed over her.
Finally, a pair of leafy, green eyes snapped open in fear, spinning in circles.
Harry released the whip, and waited.
Azazel watched eagerly.
The bitch hoarsely sighed.
"Wh... where am I, Timmy?"
asked the bitch blearily.
She blinked a few times, as if she didn't trust her eyes.
"Is that you, Timmy?
What's the time?"
Harry stared at her amusedly.
Azazel drew a tongue across his lips.
The female's eyes narrowed imperiously.
"And cut that light out, or you'll be my next specimen!"
she snapped.
She tried to stand.
Harry raised his brows, and slammed a boot into her chest.
She fell back, whimpering.
"Wrong thing to say, miss."
This time, Harry whipped her throat.
An angry red mark developed.
She tried screaming, but raspy whisperings was all she could manage.
Her eyes teared fearfully, and widened in recognition when she finally saw his face for the first time.
A crack of thunder.
Another crack.
A third.
Screams.
The bitch convulsed.
Her face had scorching, red marks over them.
Legs that had been smooth were defiled with burns.
"N-no, pl...please, I-I'm sorry..." "Tracey Davis, I think its time you met a bitch your own size, don't you think?"
Harry declared pompously, and sniggered.
Azazel shuddered.
It liked being teased, that kinky bastard.
Harry oblidged, and the coil of lightning wrapped around her throat.
She choked.
"Imperio!
"Harry watched the proceedings in fascination.
Tracy was currently bent over ninety degrees, her heels lifting up and down off the floor as an eager Azazel pounded into her, barking like a needy dog while its steelly rod constantly rammed in and out.
Her eyes only showed a desire to please now as blood steadily dripped down her legs, landing in a puddle below her.
Wondering about how her children would turn up, Harry swirled his drink and reclined in his seat.
Half breed children danced through his mind, and he held back a full blown giggle.
She would be birthing magical creatures in nine months!
Maybe even become a magical creature at the end of it, Harry the asshole thought, before Harry slapped himself.
No stupid thoughts, you fool!
He shook his head to clear it.
It was dreadfully ironic, then, that Tracy had been in a house against these people, but would end up giving birth to one.
Soon.
And that reminded him... "Azazel," Harry called.
The creature turned, smiling lazily, but didn't cease its ministrations.
It was amazing that it could even do that with its hands and feet tied, but Azazels would be Azazels, he supposed.
"Please finish up soon," Harry drawled, waving his arm in the general direction of Tracy's clothes.
"I need to clean up."
The creature grunted, wings spreading outwards and crushing the bitch's body, before turning back to her with a sadistic smirk.
Bones audibly snapped.
"Excellent."
Mere moments later, its eyes flared, blinding gold pouring out of it.
Tracy screamed.
Her tongue lolled around her gaping mouth as the slapping of flesh reached a crescendo.
Then Tracy collapsed, panting like a bitch.
With that, Harry downed his drink and vanished the glass.
He stood languidly.
"Yawn.
That was fun."
The man waved his hand.
Tracy flew into a wall and dropped like a sack.
Another wave- the pile of clothes transformed into doggy ears, a tail and stockings.
"Mind giving me power over the air that will increase my magical power exponentially with each day that its there?"
Harry cackled.
Azazel hadn't specified the extent of the wishes that it would grant, so if it broke this, it would prove that the creature was an untrustworthy, good for nothing wicked fool.
He applauded himself for his cunning, Slytherin side.
(Oh, and just to add on to the internal monologue.
Harry had actually almost been placed in Slytherin, did you know that?
He just asked not to be put there because he was desperate for useless old Ronald Bilius Weasley's friendship, and wanted to be seen as good.
But he had actually made himself seem stupid, dumbed himself down, did badly on his owls on purpose because no one had to kn- where the hell was this going?)
"Quite smart, I must say," said the deep voice of Azazel.
"You clever human."
A glint of triumph frolicked through the creature's yellow eyes.
Gigantic tentacles flickered to life behind its back, and vanished, as if reality had just been a bad television screen for a moment there.
Harry's eyes widened in traumatized realization, apprehension filling him.
A part of him remembered a form of torture that it had experienced.
Something that started with an 'm' and ended with a 'indrape'.
Huh.
He wondered what that was.
"Done!"
Azazel crowed.
Harry immediately felt his uncertainties wash away.
Azazel looked so innocent and angelic, leering at Tracy as if she were a sextoy!
No way would such a kind creature fuck his brain again!
"Go, my child, be free!
Go with the wind!
Just give that girl to me again afterwards."
A low rumble came not so far away from the shack.
Harry tilted his head to the side, his interest piqued.
Listening.
The earth quaked.
Sand drifted off the ground.
The skies darkened.
Thunder boomed.
Harry narrowed his eyes, the winds howling in his ears as he strode towards Azazel.
It was trying to distract him!
"Melodrama aside, you nasty bird, where is my-" His veins flared with a sudden, blazing heat.
Agony, electrical in nature, shot through the ground and pierced through his skin.
It was worse than Zeus' lightning, worse than the cruciatus, worse than the pain of Voldemort's victory.
Giggling, he endured it.
Chains of electricity slithered over his body as he giggled himself hoarse.
The last thing he remembered was Azazel's doeful look and "they grow up so fast," before blacking out.
Harry was floating on air.
"Ya stupid," came a shrill voice from behind.
"Your predecessor already had power over the air."
Harry turned as Zeus's mouth glowed completely white, before a tendril of lightning blasted forward.
Deftly dodging, the man tried not to throw a stormy tantrum as learnt that he could've used his wish on something else had he thought about it, and protested.
"Now, how was I even supposed to know that, pup!"
"Well..." Zeus the single headed dog pawed the side of his head.
His mouth dimmed.
"Maybe you couldn't have, I suppose.
And I suppose you do have more power now..." Relieved that Azazel at least kept that part of the deal, Harry said, "You see!"
As Zeus trotted forward, Harry looked around.
All he saw was an expanse of white.
No two headed dogs could be seen.
"Why aren't you a mutated dog anymore, Zeus?"
asked Harry curiously.
"And why aren't Mabbie and Apollo with ya?"
"Enough!"
Zeus barked.
He licked Harry's feet.
"Stop wasting time!"
Harry rolled his eyes.
He would play this game, alright.
"Well I am in my mind, and thought processes will never waste time, so to speak.
They never stop.
Therefore I'm never idle.
Our conversation right now is t-" "They are going at each other in their octupus forms."
"Ah."
Zeus nodded at Harry's enlightened look.
"Yes.
It's good that you understand.
Our time here that Azazel has given you is limited."
A great chasm suddenly appeared under them.
Zeus wagged his tail smugly as Harry gave a shout, but it was too late.
They were devoured.
The winds pummeled and roared in his ears.
Skin was forcefully shed, rolling across his body and flying up into the air before a new layer was produced.
Like a neverending supply of scotch tape.
A face eating grin found its way onto Harry's mouth.
Who cared?
Fear and the danger of death were thrown into the void.
Fun replaced them.
Harry spun in a ball and dived down, laughing.
The metaphorical blood in his veins thrummed.
The void ended as soon as it came.
Light encompassed Harry, and he was now hurtling from the blue, cloudy skies, right at a beach... His head submerged into sand.
It pained Harry not, however.
He opened his mouth and drank it in, filling his mouth with particles of sand.
His tongue flared with a sudden, delicious taste: Urine.
His head flew out of the sand suddenly.
The man indignantly spat, just as Zeus bounded towards him, tongue lolling happily.
Excitement burnt through the inky blackness of the dog's eyes, but Harry couldn't feel it.
"What is it, you fool!"
Harry snarled.
"I was supposed to enjoy myself over h-" "Ouch!"
Tears formed in the corners of Zeus' eyes, but vanished as he gave a doggy grin.
"What a stupid insult!
But enough talk."
He stood on his hind legs.
"Now, now you will learn the ways of the whirlwind!"
Zeus grandly said.
Raising his paws in the air, Zeus clapped.
The winds howled.
Metres from them, grains of sand lazily swirled.
More sand drifted from the beach and danced together with them, slowly forming an upside down conical shape that was struggling to hold its structure, constantly breaking away in chunks from the rest.
Then its speed increased.
Surrounding sand was sucked into the vortex as it became a blur of whitish brown.
Motes of sand pattered against one another.
Winds shrieked.
And it grew, and grew, and grew.
The whirlwind stood over ten feet before a wind blown Harry, seemingly ascending high into the skies and devouring the ground that was under it.
Resigned, Harry turned towards Zeus, who was watching him with a haughty look.
Sand aprayed across his face, a slap to his already wounded dignity.
The man sighed.
"Fine.
I take that back.
That..." The man shook his head.
"That is worthy of Voldemort's bony ass."
Zeus barked.
He ran and nuzzled into Harry's calf.
Harry absently bent down and scratched his ears, admiring the beauty in front of him.
Houses and palm trees billowed into the sky.
The whirlwind became sharper.
Longer.
Bigger.
"Can I add lightning?"
Harry wondered aloud.
Zeus bared his teeth happily.
"I'm glad you asked."
So Harry learnt the mystic arts.
Whether it be the whirlwind, the addition of lightning, or just typical help regarding the phallus, Zeus was a great teacher.
At the end of his dream, Harry ruffled Zeus' head and offered him a doggy grin, before leaving his dreams behind.
The world blackened.
Sounds came to life in his ears.
Harry became conscious of his body, feeling his nerves thrum, as usual.
But there was an undercurrent of power there.
More palpable than before, now.
All was well.
Harry opened his eyes happily.
The sun shone.
Azazel was in the corner preening.
Also, a very battered and bruised and inappropriately dressed Tracy Davis had his wand pointed at him.
Inappropriately dressed in his conjured lingerie.
Harry gave Azazel a look.
"Hey, s'not my fault.
You threw her out of my grasp man," Azazel protested.
"Oh, you're talking about her dress?
I mean, you did charm it to look like it was her own clothes-" "Shut up, please."
Harry waved Azazel away and languidly sat up.
He turned back to Tracy, who had his wand- his elder wand, mind!- sparking dangerously in her hands.
"So, why haven't you done your impregnation spell yet, Miss Davies?"
asked the man jovially.
"I need the potion, and you destroyed my lab!"
Tracy shrieked.
"First things first, because the impregnation of men is impossible, magically or not" Harry ticked that off with his finger, ignoring her.
Blood trailed down his ears.
She had an affinity for causing ears to bleed, it seemed.
"Men don't have vaginas nor wombs to breed, and anuses suck at doing that.
Sure, implant one, but it would still be hard and one could still get rid of it.
Secondly, you would only get a warted frog, as evident from your little tests.
Thirdly, you suck.
Fourthly,-" Tracy sneered.
"I'm going to enjoy this.
Cru-" Harry thought.
The literal bitch (She was wearing a dog get up!
Come on!)
dropped the wand, gasping and clawing at her throat.
Harry picked it up appreciatively.
"And that's my wand, thank you!"
"Ack!"
Air had wrapped around her throat, tightening its vice like grip on her vocal chords.
It suffocated her, pretty much.
Unpleasant indeed, Harry noted, as the girl choked.
She soon collapsed to the ground, mouths opening in silent gasps.
Her neck, her face suffused with red.
With that, Harry dispersed the air and flicked his wand, sending her flying towards Azazel.
The creature gazed at him thankfully.
"My hero!"
So it was a very happy Harry who left the shack, dragging a still crosseyed and visibly bloated Bellatrix with him.
Then Harry stilled, dropping Bellatrix on her stomach like a sack.
She puked.
Juices gushed from her dripping core.
"Wait a minute..." He stormed back into the shack.
"Azazel!
You didn't actually give me power over the winds!
I already had them from the start, you snake!
Give me another wish!"
Harry snarled righteously.
The creature smirked.
Tracy Davis pissed her non existent pants as Harry felt indignant.
How dare Azazel use his perverted look on him!
Oh, how he regretted.
"As you wish."
Azazel's eyes gleamed a brilliant gold.
"I still have an errand for you, anyway, and I'm pretty sure this counts as a favour."
"Hold up you promiscuous man-wh-" Before Harry could cuss the air into oblivion, he disappeared.
The blackness of apparition came over him as he fumed.
Azazel had double crossed him!
Who even did that anymore?
And even if people and retarded creatures still backstabbed like slimy snakes, they probably only did it to losers, though!
And he wasn't a loser.
He fell face first into a patch of grass.
"Oof!"
Harry grunted.
His face hurt!
Patching himself up with a few flicks of his wand, Harry stood, ruffling himself up like a dog.
A nearby crow cawed screechily.
"Shoo!"
said Harry testily.
He examined his surroundings.
Trees, both decayed and superbly healthy, towered over him as if he were just an ant.
Light seeped through the cracks and formed shadows that devoured the ground.
The chilly air carressed his face.
Leaves shook from their branches.
Mab preened.
Apollo busied himself with sorting through memories of summoning fiendfire.
Zeus snoozed soundly.
Harry, however... Harry felt confused.
"Where am I, I wonder."
"You don't know?"
Mab demanded.
Mab was angry.
Probably because she thought he should recognize the place.
That meant that he'd been here before.
And for Mab to know this place meant that she might have been involved.
Leaves rustled.
No, not just leaves.
The whole forest.
The realization hit him.
"Oh.
Really?
Fairyland?"
The man slapped himself multiple times.
"Terrific!"
Harry looked up into the heavens.
"Azazel, you foul snake!"
he cried, hoping that that dog could hear him.
Then, with the wind beating his face, Harry disapparated.
Or tried to.
Something splattered against his back, as if a rotten egg had been hurled at him.
Oil slicked through his cloak.
A sensation he hadn't felt in a long time poured over a patch of skin on his back- Heat.
Boiling heat.
Astoria's wonderful bosom was gone!
"Ack!"
Harry yowled.
He thought.
But it didn't work.
Alarmed that something could stop his godlike powers, Harry hurled his cloak onto the ground, and the heat disappeared as quickly as it came.
"Hoes!"
The man roared and spun in a circle, trying to identify the perpetrator, but he spun too fast to see anything.
"Stupid hoes!"
A raspy cackle sounded behind him.
An eeriely familiar, slutty inflection.
Leaves rustled.
Something glided to the ground.
It alighted softly on the muddy floor.
Was it...?
Grinning in anxious excitement, Harry turned.
It was.
"Oh!
Hullo there!"
Harry told the fairy.
His attention drifted up and down her naked body, from her pale thighs to her breasts, before focusing on her pretty face.
The flecks of muck on her chin only served to highlight her beauty.
Dark, smooth hair cascaded down her back and went to the needy parting of her tighs.
Her crimson eyes glittered.
"It's you again!"
Harry waved, stomping down his stupid worm.
He picked his cloak up.
"Yes, Harry Potter," she smiled coyly.
Harry swayed on his feet.
His fingers tingled.
Was it him, or was the world turning on its head?
"How nice of you to come and visit."
Rustling filled the air.
Harry tilted his head upwards to see a wave of winged creatures swooping down silently from above.
His eyes trailed their fluid movements with need.
They were like birds of prey, so majestic and graceful.
And naked.
Oh, so very naked.
The earth gave a wonderful tremor as they landed and unfurled their wings eagerly.
Red eyes smiled graciously at Harry.
"Your guests tonight, sir," she purred.
"Hiya!"
Harry tried to wave, but only managed to twitch his fingers.
"What about t-t-tonight?
And what's your name, anyway?
It s-seems hardly fa- far-fair that you know mine."
Lips slithered in response.
Harry giggled like a schoolgirl shyly and cleared his warm throat.
A part of Harry suddenly realised that she was lying.
He didn't remember booking a reservation tonight.
In fact, he didn't remember anything at all.
But did the dominant, assertive man care?
...
Surprisingly, yes.
"Well, I s...should, ah," Harry rasped.
The earth rocked closer and closer to his forehead.
He lifted his head to the clouds.
The clouds hurtled down at full speed.
So he closed his eyes.
"Pro-probably... go.
Goodbye."
Harry tried apparating again, but a sudden weight slammed into him.
World flaring in pain, he fell to the floor.
Feminine limbs entangled his and a delightful butt grinded against his waist.
"But I haven't introduced myself yet!"
Harry could hear the pout.
The answer was in him before she said it but he still didn't want to believe, to believe her betrayal.
"Astoria Greengrass, at your service!"
Hurt warred with confusion.
In his plundered state of mind, a pair of familiar pouty lips met his.
Harry gasped but it only served as an opening and her tongue slid in.
His eyes felt heavy, he was tired, and his head throbbed- For Zeus' sake!
He gave in.
The tongue became many different ones, which ravaged his mouth and crawled into his throat but apathy greeted them.
Vocal chords shrieked.
The emptiness of his eyelids neared.
Moans that he had heard for months on end rang in his ears.
Darkness claimed his poor sou.
t was a dark and stormy night.
Jagged branches of blinding light speared down from the heavens while the downpour roared.
A few lovers of a certain beagle dog here and there got struck by lightning, screamed, and stood back up as if nothing had happened, shaking their wings irritably.
But the screams didn't just end there.
Screams also came from the terrible castle near the few oddities of nature.
From the kinky lamp lit dungeons, to be precise.
"Say it!
Say it!"
came an enraged screech.
A woman with curly red hair stood in a cell.
Tattered frozen leaves orbited the crown of her head.
Every piece of armour encasing her was connected by chain mail that flowed all the way down to her metal boots.
The wand in her hand sputtered out a stream of sparks.
Had her eyes not burnt hatefully, she might have been beautiful.
Scratch that, she was beautiful either way.
The hatred only highlighted her fiesty side.
The man prostrated before her moved, clinking the chains on his neck.
Sitting upright, he crossed his legs as a pout formed on his face.
"I think not, my dear girl," said Harry kindly.
"Also, innocent question here, why're yeh doin' this-" The woman's vision went red.
"Crucio!"
Astoria Greengrass screamed.
Crackling filled the air as thousands of white hot knives started slicing the man's skin.
Nerves flared in alarm, sending so many signals into his throbbing brain, hammerring nails of electrifying sensations through his skull, that it nearly exploded.
Let it stop, death is better, Harry begged.
Let it continue!
Harry embraced the pain, let it consume him.
He had long since given up on arguing with the asshole.
Then it stopped.
Harry was left panting on the floor, sweat dripping from his forehead.
Astoria went on her knees and looked him in the eye.
"You're going to say it, Harry," cooed Astoria.
She stowed her wand into her belt.
"Say it!"
White particles gathered and coalesced around her hands, forming an ice cold scapel that she gripped firmly.
Both parties smiled, one coldly, and one smugly.
Then Harry remembered to play his part.
He frowned.
"Ah!"
Harry scrambled back but the chains didn't allow him to go too far.
"What a non-surprise!"
"Say you are my bitch!"
the redhead hissed.
"You will in time.
Wouldn't it be better if you said it now?"
"Nope."
A high pitched ring cut the air as the insides of Astoria's irises burst into azure flames and her hand blurred.
Thunder boomed.
The scapel plunged into Harry's forearm.
The pain threatened to drown him, sweep him under, and elicted an agonized roar as Astoria tore through muscle and bone.
Static crackled.
Jagged arcs of electricity shot from her fingertips and flashed down the scapel before disappearing into the wound.
Blood hissed as it boiled.
Icy blue flames wreathed the man's arm, but Astoria ignored them and kept a firm hold on her knife, raking it across the length of his forearm.
Then the scapel disappeared.
Harry gasped in surprise.
Waves of malevolent energy washed through over him, his arm pulsating along with each one.
Astoria giggled, raising her hands as two more cold, jagged scapels formed in each of them.
"Ready to say it?"
Harry gnashed his teeth, spasming as the foreign power clashed with his magic.
"St-stupid bint."
The man gasped.
Astoria's purple eyes only blazed in response.
"Is that a no, you worm?"
she whispered.
"Hoe!"
Harry wheezed.
The foreign power set off another ripple of blackness in him, attempting to destroy his power.
But still his magic resisted.
Sparks zipped between the length of his wound, arcs of blue beginning to weave the ends of the cut together in a luminescent flow of charges.
Harry could feel the battle within him and forced a smile.
The foreign power caved in.
"A... hoe... you are," managed Harry, as the darkness slowly ebbed away.
Thunder sounded once more.
Sneering, Astoria plunged both scapels into his thigh, the air chilling over while his leg exploded in agony.
Harry threw his head back, giggling, and relished the feeling of triumph.
The blades were forcefully pushed in.
Blood spurted out.
The building pressure in Harry's leg spiked.
Electricity ran up and down his body.
Harry only giggled more.
"What are you laughing about, my pet?"
Astoria asked sweetly, pulling herself up and dusting her armour, not noticing as the scapels dissolved into his wound.
"Ready to accept your role?"
Laughter continued ringing through the castle.
"Have I broken the mighty mind of Harry Potter already?"
Her question was greeted with more laughter.
"How weak!"
No words.
Only laughter, laughter, laughter.
"Stop.
Laughing," she hissed, whipping out her wand and pointing it at his face.
The clap of thunder outside sounded suspiciously like a deep chuckle.
"I said-" "STOP LAUGHING!"
Astoria shrieked.
White seeped into the edges of her red hair.
Harry barked obediently, eyes shining with mirth.
And numerous bolts of lightning.
"Good.
Good."
The redhead closed her eyes, taking in a few deep breaths.
Calm down.
Calm.
Yes.
There it is.
Revenge.
Yes, revenge.
Roasting him like the pig he is.
Astoria exhaled, opening her eyes, and smiled.
"Now."
She rose into the air.
Lightning illuminated the room from a barred window.
"Now you-" "Die?"
Harry postured intelligently.
"-get sent to Voldemort."
Harry blinked.
Then his eyes widened.
She had sided with Voldemort?
The fairies had sided with Voldemort?
Oh for the love of himself.
A thought flashed through his brain.
No more games!
Astoria wanted to play, but he wasn't playing by her terms any longer.
No longer would he be manipulated by Tori!
Zeus is me!
Flames roared to life, cacooning her body with a swirl of orange and yellow.
Harry mourned her loss like a child with his favourite toy broken.
No, a child with his parents dead.
In fact, his parents were dead.
Harry felt horrible, essentially.
His head drooped and he sniffled.
Astoria would be forgotten.
A chink of glass breaking sounded.
His ears twitched.
Another chink.
Harry lifted his head just in time to see a human sized mould of ice floating in midair before it exploded into a million shards.
The ice that came at him vapourised easily enough.
But the witch, though.
The witch that dropped to the floor and stood didn't, looking down her nose at him.
"Er...
sorry?"
the man lamely tried.
"Not accepted," Astoria snapped not noticing as the cell reached its boiling point.
His chains glowed a molten yellow.
Astoria's eyes widened when she realised what he was doing.
The temperature in the cell plunged by a thousand degrees.
The walls frosted over.
Breaths fogged.
But the chains only brightened, melding into one another before spilling out on the floor in globs of steamy goodness.
Harry stretched like a cat, looking down at his arm, and yawned.
Astoria warily backed away.
The wound zipped with so many strings of electricity that the man couldn't even tell if his hand had been thatched or something.
Which was rather vexxing, because he liked sewing.
He was too lazy to stitch it up himself however so he would have to make do with it.
Astoria shook her head.
Her back hit a wall of air, and she licked her lips.
"People make mistakes, lady, get that in your head."
Harry closed his eyes.
Immediately, two wands- one made of elder and one of holly- popped into the man's waiting hands, which gripped them lightly.
A curve appeared on his lips.
Buzzing filled the air.
Thunder rocked the castle.
"Harry, don't-" Astoria began, fear leeching into her voice.
Many things happened at once.
Harry's eyes burst open, electricity lancing outwards as he thought.
Astoria yelped, dodged the twin bolts of lightning, and twirled, wand a deathly, bluish green.
"Avada Kedavra!"
she cried, and sent a wave of spells.
Harry neatly sidestepped the green curse, a wall of misty grey slamming against the floor between him and the others just as white flooded his vision.
It was pure.
Holy.
It sizzled and popped with magicked electric might.
A brilliant, lambent white that graced his eyes with unearthly beauty.
Then the rumbling of a thousand earthquakes broke his eardrums.
"Yikes, man!"
Harry couldn't hear himself.
"Yikes, man!"
he shouted.
Still, he couldn't hear himself.
"Nevermind..." The mist of white slowly dissipated.
Just as Harry was about to stick both wands into his ears to excuse his deafness, his elder wand was viciously torn from his hand.
The clouds rumbled again.
Without thinking, the man clenched his fist.
Something dropped to the floor, gasping.
A vague outline of Astoria squirmed.
Screamed.
He was tempted to release the air from her lungs, but slapped himself and saw.
The sun shone through the trees.
He was in the firest again.
A few metres away was... That was Astoria, alright.
With Zeus and Mab (the literal Zeus and Mab; not the ones prancing around in his head, dummy) ravaging her body.
They had sunken their teeth into the sides of her head, elicting moans of guttural pleasure, their hands smoothing over her nude and sliced up body.
Two heads shot up.
Harry gasped.
Light blasted from their irises.
The teeth blinded him.
Everything about them was light, holy light.
They grinned, brilliance radiating from their bodies, halos spinning around like disco-balls.
Then he glanced at himself.
Something croaked.
Hippogriffs.
Harry immediately retreated back to the real world- Nope; Not going in there, Zeus!
The elder wand was pressed into his forehead.
"Avada Ke-" Harry tried to wriggle away but quickly found that he couldn't.
His pleading, emerald eyes flicked to Astoria, who smoked and burnt, but still looked flawless as ever, clear, pale skin stretched beautifully over her body.
Lightning wasn't that good, after all.
And Harry was going to die.
He laughed.
Yeah, about that...
"-davra!"
A roar of a freight train.
Green light.
Voi.
deas.
Images.
Sounds.
Colours.
A blur.
Flicking before him, one after another, from present to past, were his memories.
Receiving the killing curse.
Learning the ways of the elementals.
Defeating Zeus.
Summoning Azazel.
Joking with an extremely aroused Astoria while searching the ancient tomes for the right ritual.
Watching as Ron took the intestine exploding curse in his stead in Malfoy Manor.
Eating colourful mushrooms with two of his dearest friends in the woods.
Running.
"Harry Potter, do you think you can defeat me?"
Voldemort whispered, cocking his head an unnatural ninety degrees.
Surrounding Slytherins and death eaters jeered while the vestiges of resistance began regrouping.
"Yes.
No more horcruxes, Tom.
Six, was it?
You've lost."
He tried not to look at all that he had lost as he said it.
Mcgonagall, Lupin, Tonks, the twins, Molly and Arthur, Amelia Bones, Madungus Fletcher, pile of dung that he was, even...
"Truly?"
A dangerous smile played across Voldemort's lips as he raised the elder wand.
"We shall see..." Thunder blasted from above.
Rain descended upon them.
Fallen bodies sank deeper and deeper into the ground as water washed everything away.
He fought fiercely, of course.
He'd even won over the elder wand as a result of his effort easily.
Perhaps even too easily.
(Fine, so maybe it had been his from the start, but that had still been an accomplishment.)
But it wasn't enough.
In the midst of their duel, the battle resumed.
Elves and centaurs fell to the death eaters.
Nott batted Kreacher aside and stomped on his head.
Ginny dropped to the ground and began eating herself, casting several cutting and severing charms on her body while she did to make things easier.
Bellatrix cackled until Ron and Hermione came at her.
Voldemort snarled, his yew wand appearing in his hand and pointing upwards, before shouting a spell.
Fire began raining from the sky.
Huge, gigantuarn balls of scorching, yellow flames replacing the droplets of water.
One landes between him and Voldemort, sending both of them scrambling backwards as smoke filled their noses.
The battle quickly turned after that.
He, Ron and Hermione had taken advantage of the lack of visibility the smoke and flames granted, and fled.
The memories stopped.
The colours vanished.
The sounds buzzed away.
And only he was left, standing, alone, in the void.
Who was he?
Zeus.
The real Zeus.
No, he was Harry Potter.
"Obviously," a voice remarked from nowhere.
"Scratch that, yer a freak, boy."
Harry had the sudden urge to get away from the voice.
That... annoying piece of... shit?
Whatever.
It wasn't even fully correct, anyway.
No, he wasn't all of those.
He was more.
He was greater.
He was Harry Potter, the real fucking Zeus!
A crack of thunder blasted away in his ears.
Opening his eyes, Harry Potter met a horrible sight: Zeus' ass.
Irked, the man flung that dog away.
Disgusting!
Its genitals were on his face.
"Ouch!"
the dog whined.
"Stupid beast..." Harry stood.
The idea that had been in his subconscious came to the forefront of his mind.
"I've just realised something, puppy," said Harry conversationally.
Clouds gathered from above before a thick bolt of white illuminated the gloom.
Thunder.
"An imprint of Zeus you are, you little shit."
Harry stilled, towering over the puppy.
Silence followed.
They were on the beach where he'd learnt how to summon tornadoes.
Palm trees swayed a few hundred yards away from him.
Umbrellas and tanning sheets littered the ground in abundance- but no one was there.
No chicken sluts flapped around.
It was as if everyone had suddenly disappeared... or died.
And on the topic of death... Was Harry Potter dead?
That was the crux of the matter, wasn't it?
Sadly, Harry Potter had never died before.
And he had a strange desire not to.
Weird.
Killing curses mysteriously found themselves hindered whenever he was around.
For example, Lily Potter.
Good woman she was, but she stepped in front of one.
It just so happened that that act gave Harry a protection.
Glancing over at the mutilated frog that was struggling in the sea, Harry realised that yes, the power to avoid death was great.
This explained why Harry constantly thought himself a god.
He was fucking immortal.
A surge of displeasure coated his mouth, and he spat.
How did an inferior, lowly deity replicate itself in his head, then?
His glaring, snowy white eyes outshone the sun as they tried to burn a hole through the dig's head.
"Uh-" Zeus pitifully whimpered.
His tail wagged blindingly fast as if to proppel himself away.
"I am Zeus the dog remember?"
Completely ignoring 'Zeus the dog', Harry asked kindly, "Where is Mabbie anyway?
Don't inform me about Apollo's whereabouts, though.
He was that bitch in disguise."
The dog's eyes widened even further as the skies darkened considerably.
"Harry, m'boy, I am you!
How can I be Zeus am I right, I mean, Zeus isn't a dog!
You dissociated man, you've faced lots of trauma in life and all..." Zeus exclaimed quickly.
What should he say next?
Quick!
"And, also, and, er... Mab and herself," Zeus continued, suddenly shook his head as if to kill flies, then corrected himself.
"I mean Mab and Apollo aren't here, of course.
You're dead and they're already absorbed back into you, and Mab was Apollo, my friend, and... uh.
Oops."
Thunder boomed.
Harry's eyes flashed.
"Oh I'm sorry, Zeus, I'm afraid I didn't quite catch that.
Could you please repeat yourself?"
Zeus winced.
His tail became a blur.
"M-Mab was Apollo?"
said the dog innocently.
Its eyes grew as wide as a child's.
"It was just a prank, bro.
You can't kill me and Mab for wanting to have some fun!"
The waves beat against the shoreline as Harry scratched his beard, contemplating.
He agreed that yes, killing a hedonistic dog was very wicked.
A glance down confirmed his suspicions.
Zeus was currently trying to conjure up the memory of him and Ginny together, his paws a little too close to his privates.
Aww, wasn't that cute.
Actually, eww.
With a small smile, Harry slammed his hands together.
If Zeus wanted pleasure, he would have it.
A sonic boom blasted, sending shockwaves that rippled outwards and launched Zeus into the air like the false god he was.
"Ah!"
The dog flew through the clouds (which suddenly took the form of naked pigs) before hurtling from the skies in an arc, barking loudly in alarm.
Harry giggled.
He thought.
Lightning speared down from the clouds and blasted into the dog's body, and a deafening crack split the air.
Pitiful yowls escaped its throat as nerves crackled.
It was stupefying, mind frying agony...
It was nearing the ground at full speed... Sizzling, the dog suddenly found itself gently cupped in a pair of hands.
It tilted its head upwards, and gasped.
Its singed fur was being smoothed over by no other than Harry Potter himself.
"Zeus, Zeus."
Harry bared his teeth, eyes promising untold pleasures.
"What to do with ya?"
"Don't kill me I didn' do nothin'!"
Zeus wailed, tears forming in its eyes.
The winds chilled.
The sun exploded into nothingness.
Darkness.
The dig dropped to the floor.
"Fine then.
Tell me this, Zeus, are you possessing me?"
hissed a voice.
Something brushed against his fur coat.
Zeus yelped, jumping to face whatever it was, but the sensation disappeared.
He curled into a ball.
"No, no, I am not!
I really am you!
And so is Mab!"
Zeus barked desperately.
Silence.
The silence stretched.
Frost began forming on his fur.
Zeus whimpered.
It wasn't enough!
"Mab and Zeus communicated after you defeated them.
They couldn't possess you so they went with you for a ride," blabbered the dog.
"Wow, what a great way to confess your sins: use sneaky pronouns!"
came a whisper to his left.
Zeus jerked in fright.
Blood running cold, his head swivelled left and right.
Low chuckles echoed through the darkness, coming from everywhere at once.
Then- "Well, that was lame," muttered the same voice.
A sword unsheathed with a satisfying scrape of polished metal.
"I should end this-" "Dogshit!
Dogshit!
I'm sorry, Harry!
Don't kill this naughty boy."
Zeus panted.
Then the dog offered a doggy grin to the darkness.
"Shut the fuck up bitch.
You have no power over yourself."
Harry growled, flicking the metaphorical switch to turn on the sunlight.
His intimidation tactics stank.
The sun came back to life.
Warmth flooded their systems.
Zeus shot him a smug look.
Harry glared back.
"Anyway, when both of them met Astoria, Mab liked her and decided she would make an excellent host.
So she possessed her.
Zeus, being the cuckold he was, followed."
As if revealing the secrets of life itself, Zeus suddenly spoke lowly.
"But unbeknownst to them, we were left behind, and stuck to you.
Their personalities.
Knowledge.
Consider us your alters.
We decided to help you just because we could.
So we posed as your recently gained powers.
Now, get this, Harry.
You have no idea how many plans we had created before deciding to go all out and screw it- And you, being the idiot you were, believed us!"
The dog barked happily.
"So you're a demon, then," Harry summarized, too stupid to use his smart mouth.
The man didn't know what to think.
Now that everyone had basically established that demons were real, and Harry had zero knowledge about this demonology crap, he wouldn't be able to take advantage of them.
An image of Azazel flashed into his mind, and Harry rolled his eyes.
Azazel was the exception of course.
"Used is the keyword here.
Used to.
I can't really remember much except how to use my powers."
"That's good," Harry conceded, and said calmly- "But why the hell did you possess Astoria you fucking cunts!"
Zeus blinked.
"Well, they just decided to, I guess.
I told you, I can't remember.
I believe it was something about revenge?"
Harry sighed.
Revenge.
Of course.
Azazel and its ilk were a tight knit group, after all.
He was so done.
"Goodbye."
Turning around, Harry walked towards the wooden door that had just appeared, standing flimsily on the shoreline.
Then he stopped, nostalgia smothering him, and turned back to Zeus.
The dog was rolling around in the sand.
"One more thing, Zeus.
Is this real, or is this all in my head?"
Tongue sticking out, Zeus grinned, shaking some sand from his body.
"Everything you've experienced has been fake, Harry.
Just kill yourself.
Escape."
Rolling his eyes, Harry opened the door.
All he could see was void.
"Eh."
The man shrugged.
The last thing Harry heard before he stepped through it was "Holy smokes, don't forget to swipe that crown of le-" before falling into the empty.
HP When Harry opened his eyes, it was completely dark.
A scent of rotten vomit wafted into his nose; He stuck his tongue out.
Hmm.
Salty.
The man shifted, trying to get more comfortable.
His head and feet both hit walls.
So Harry was still in the castle.
Hooray, he could save Astoria!
Though there was the minor problem of still being stuck in a cell, but that was nothing.
An added bonus was that there were no chains on him.
The darkness suddenly fell away as the lamps by the walls lit with a dim, yellow light.
Harry tilted his head in amusement.
"Don't play games, Tori.
I will save you.
Come."
Harry patted the floor beside him.
"Come join me-" A figure slided out of the shadows.
Deep breathing filled the room.
Red eyes nearly fired laser beams.
"Who said I was playing, Harry," said Voldemort softly.
The elder wand in his hand radiated an aura of green.
"Silly little boy."
Harry felt so angry!
Stupid snake man always ruined shit up.
Well, he wasn't going to take it anymore!
"What are you doing here you snake!"
Harry howled, shooting up.
Electricity gathered, charged the air.
The elder wand zipped from Voldemort's to his hand.
"Nevermind, din't answer that.
I will never forgive and never forget what you've done, because..." Taken aback, Voldemort opened his mouth.
His yew wand materialised, and he shook his head, as if he'd expected the elder wand to totally cuck him.
"I can't have fun now that you're here you little bastard!"
Harry screamed.
And the duel began.
At the same time, a redhead observed the proceedings in the shadows in amusement.
The leaves circling her head seemed to glow eerily green.
How the mighty had fallen into sin!
Swearing was a big no no to God.
Who knew?
Maybe they would come and deliver his judgement or something.
A shiver ran down her spine.
Crap.
She absently sidestepped a spell that would've gotten her raped by a werewolf.
Why did she even think that?
Keep silent, you woman!
Zeus scolded.
Even though no one had said a thing.
Mab submissively obeye.
olourful curses sprayed from Voldemort's wand.
Harry blocked them accordingly, conjuring cows that melted and ice that vapourised before returning fire.
A spell sailed past and blasted the wall behind him away.
The people in the next cell cheered.
"Intesin explodus maxima!"
Harry shouted, flicking his wand with each word.
All while feeling delightfully hypocritical.
The elder wand was blown back like a cannon as a thin, jagged yellow streak boomed out, zooming past Voldemort's conjured shield before crashing into his body.
Harry followed up with several insignificant killing curses and bolts for desert.
Voldemort flopped away and fell to the floor, guts bursting from his stomach.
"Aroo!"
snake man howled like a wolf, creating a catchy rhythm with the rain's steady patter as he jabbed his wand into the gooey, grey mess.
"You will pay for this, Potter!"
he shrieked.
Sulking, Harry lowered his wand.
Voldemort was no fun, always using the words 'Potter!'
and 'pay!'
Boring, Mab agreed, giving Apollo a musical blowie.
Also, it seemed that Mabbie, his pet dog, was finally coming out.
She loved Apollo, which was cool.
But she was Apollo, which made the whole situation cooler as that meant she was fucking herself.
'Hey, I haven't dealt with you yet.
Do shut up,' Harry reminded patiently.
Mab brushed him off, swallowing a load, and he returned to the real world.
The colours fazed him.
Harry giggled.
What was he about to say again?
Oh right.
"Can you guys stop ruining my fun?
I was supposed to talk to Astoria here!"
Harry said, pointing to a spot in the shadows on the wall just outside the cell.
A soft gasp could be heard.
The shadows writhed as if in the middle of an orgy.
Harry looked down, saw Voldemort getting up with his partially sealed wound frothing liquid shadow, and shot him a pleading puppy dog look.
"At least-" Voldemort sent a slew of spells.
Harry roared in anger, and deflected them.
A crack of thunder blasted, reflecting his emotions.
What non existent sportsmanship!
Voldemort would never let a chance like this go, that sly, conniving old man.
Would he?
Would he!
He bared his teeth, deflecting another wave of spells.
What a slimeball!
It was time to teach that snake a lesson about fairness.
Time seemed to slow down.
The air hissed, crackled.
Astoria suddenly stepped from the shadows, as if sensing something, her wand gripped tightly, fear etched on her features.
"Harry, do not-" Harry rolled his wand to the place between his thumb and palm, and clapped.
An ear shattering explosion swept through the cell as the air around them visibly rippled, blasting Astoria back through the cell's entrance and Voldemort off his feet.
Throwing a semi-corporeal shield to block a fiery snake, Harry took a step forward.
"Avada Kedavra!"
he spat, his emerald eyes glowing.
The green streak lurched forward at the spinning bastard, assisted by sizzling electricity- Voldemort dissolved into black mist.
The green hit a wall and the cell officially had none left.
Harry's ears twitched, still ringing from the sonic blast.
A heavily cloaked being landed on the floor behind Harry.
Turning, the man conjured a cow just in time to absorb six consecutive spells.
The cow mooed pitifully before becoming a puddle of goo on the floor as Voldemort wisped into smoke again.
Harry drooped his wand arm.
"Sly coward!"
Harry shouted, fuming, the air fuming along with him.
"Pefende ignis!"
Murderous, fiery red cows erupted from his wand, creating slithers of red lightning with each step as they traced Voldemort's scent.
There was a piercing scream of rage.
A wave of water flooded the cell, coming from everywhere at once, but Harry thought, and it boiled away as the unquenched cursed flames stomped on Voldemort.
A flash of blinding white overtook his vision, taking the lamps out with it.
Then darkness.
Harry relit the lamps because fightning in darkness would be unwise and he was a god.
"Ahahaghagha!"
He cackled.
The thunderstorm outside got worse.
Hey, get the damned crown!
Zeus barked, evidently forgetting to disappear from Harry's life forever.
"Oh, thanks Zeus!"
Harry exclaimed.
He walked over to the prone body of Astoria, reached down, and grasped the leaves.
A sense of familiarity overcame him.
The leaves- or leaf, shattered pieces of a leaf, to be exact- it called out to him, as green as it could be, and smooth to touch.
But extremely cold.
Wintry.
It froze his body and turned his blood into ice.
Frost formed on his worm, and the man looked down, confused, his hand still on the frigid shard.
Why was frost forming on his sweet rod when- "Ah."
The black cloak of his answered his call, dutifully appearing around him.
You were supposed to worry about your clothes later, but nevermind, Harry's asshole said unkindly.
Shut the fuck up, Zeus, Mab, and even Apollo himself woofed in unison.
Harry ignored all of them, his eyebrows furrowed in thought.
He had seen this before.
When he had been walking towards Daphne like an idiot.
He should have claimed it, should have claimed what was his!
A barage of lightning bolts rained down from the heavens, creating the impression of an impending earthquake.
The downpour worsened.
As bright and sudden as the sun after a thunderstorm, realization dawned on him.
Every invisibility cloak and wands of elder wood around the world shook with fear.
Nay, not just fear.
Unadulterated, undiluted terror.
This was... not only the leaf Harry had crushed in this very castle.
This was the resurrection stone.
It was no wonder that the man had felt drawn to it to begin with.
But hadn't it been in the forest?
Trampled, by the centaurs?
Harry scratched his beard, and gave the shattered leaf another tug.
It resisted like a magnet drawn to another, as he had presumed it would.
Just another thought for another day, then.
Wrenching the crown from Astoria's head, Harry took a step back and examined his delicious booty.
Astoria included.
Surprisingly, the leaves that weren't physically connected to the part he'd taken still hung limply midair, held up by an invisible force.
Harry morosely shook his head.
An explosion would have been great, but this would have to do.
"Now what?"
Harry muttered.
Lightning illuminated the skies.
The castle shuddered from the thunder, as if laying in wait for its kinky bastard if a master.
Now you put it on your head.
Huh.
Harry shrugged.
"Okay then."
A murderous, steaming Voldemort came into view between Harry and Astoria.
Harry only laughed, thiniing wicked imaginations as he reunited the hallows.
A bolt of lightning struck the snake's face from a hole in the wall.
Shock flittered through his face, and he dropped to the ground.
Dead.
Thunder boomed.
Then Harry was struck, too.
By lightning.
But the lightning burnt him, sizzled his skin like oil, unlike orevious times.
The man screamed in anguish, the pain, the cacklings, the odour of ozone and noxious gases overtaking his senses.
It crushed, juiced his nerves.
Throwing his head back as a wave of boiling acid drowned him, the mighty man fell.
He barely remembered anything afterwards.
"Yo, Zeus."
Harry waved.
"So my lightning powers have finally betrayed me."
"Shoo, don't talk to me right now, you loser," Zeus declared, turning away from Harry stoutly and plopping down with a woof.
"You know, all the stories about irony?"
Harry nodded stupidly, not quite getting what the dog was trying to convey.
"Yeah, you're the embodiment of them.
Hail the god of the new age!"
And so Harry was kicked out of his own head, with newfound purpose in life.
He found himself lying at the place he'd fallen.
Power rocketed through his veins.
Green eyes took everything in, from the relit lamps and the three hallows in his hands looking completely deformed, to the pale, slim figure of Astoria feet away.
And Harry knew what he must do.
He incinerated them and ate the ashes.
His body convulsed as more power entered him.
But he didn't black out this time, and only clenched his teeth.
Endured.
Arcs of lightning sprouted out of his eyes and relit the lamps, blasting rubble away and giving the unconscious Astoria quite a bad shock.
"POWER!"
The spectators that somehow had not died yet watched on, mouths watering at his sheer omnipotence.
"UNLIMITED-!"
"POWEEEEEEEER!!!!!"
A voice that was unheard of blasted through the castle.
Fortified foundations that had been not only immutable, but indestructable for millenia, quaked as waves of power crashed against them.
Then it all stopped.
And he was ready.
The skies flashed with sudden colour as the newly formed cosmic entity stood.
Introducing Harry Hardwin Hadrian Potter, also known as the real Z- well.
Also known as the perceptively ironic idiot god.
"Mab and that scoundrel, get the fuck outta there!"
the man- god- boomed.
The lights flickered.
Shadows squirmed in horror.
And Harry sent a kick to Astoria's butt.
"The power of Harry Potter commands ya!
Get out!"
coaxed Harry, his eyes turning completely vivid green with swirling, magical energy.
Immediately, wisps of white smoke puffed out of of Astoria's mouth, and lurched towards Harry.
But Harry only raised his hand, murmurred "Peace be with you boyos, boink yourselves to death now," and they fled, shooting out of the dungeons like rabbits going at it.
Astoria's eyes flew open with a gasp.
Purple met green, and melted.
She started crying.
"Harry, I-I'm so sorry, I-" she warbled.
The god smiled benignly at her.
"Astoria.
I'm glad you're back."
And Harry Potter did hug her, and she did quieten, returning the hug.
Backs were crushed in their affection, which was a-okay, Harry could wandlessly fix their bodies.
The hug was nothing wishy washy, there was no kissing.
None of that.
Just pure love.
Harry had to say, things were looking up.
"Avada Kedavra!"
Reacting on instinct, Harry conjured a cow and pushed Astoria away.
She stumbled, glancing fearfully at the figure.
Harry raised his eyebrow.
He saw who it was.
"Oh it's you," Harry said.
"Who are you, again?"
The figure lowered her hood.
Inky black hair cascaded down, flowing past a pair of slim, uncovered shoulders.
A pair of light green eyes gleamed, sharp features that rivalled even Astoria's layed bare and unconcealed.
Extremely red lips were licked.
She wore a cloak, but it somehow revealed a glorious amount of cleavage.
A wand was lazily held by her side.
"I can't say I expected your transformation."
Harry sighed.
Astoria shot him a curious look between fearful glances at the new figure.
"But whatever.
You're still hideous.
Astoria, meet Tracy Davies."
Astoria gasped.
Tracy smiled.
Harry noticed her face was unscarred.
Huh.
Some lessons really didn't stick.
"Actually, call me Hecate now."
Harry sighed again.
Azazel's betrayal was legendary.
It would probably cheat on its first day of wedding, the more he thought about it.
"Azazel made a deal with you, didn't he?"
he asked, not really asking.
Two voices spoke when she moved her mouth.
"Or, we made a deal with him."
"Ah, shit.
Well, Astoria," Harry said, looking at the aforementioned female.
"Time to go."
Harry sent her off with nary a thought.
He was a god now after all.
Then he turned towards Tracy with a smirk.
Tracy's wand hand blurred while her left hand amassed a ball of purple light, streaming ten spells at a time, but Harry protected himself with a sheen of ice and air and sprinted at her, gripped her by her throat, and slammed her to the wall.
Her wand flew from her grasp, the ball of light blinked out.
She screamed, but Harry only summoned her head back to his hand and slammed her against the wall again.
Thunder flashed.
Harry giggled and raised her by her neck, his claws sinking into pale, unmarred flesh.
"Welcome to a new world where Hadrian Potter exists, biotch."
He bared his teeth, and his eyes radiated an electrical, piercing white beam that actually went in a straight line, and blasted into Tracy's eyes.
Rot began spreading over his hand, but he kept a firm grip on her throat and intensified the electricity.
Her mouth choked out a plea for help, her eyeballs shattering like glass, blood pouring out.
Harry thought.
Her eyes widened as her stomach bulged out, as if a blunt sword was attempting to force its way out of her womb.
Then it exploded in his face, an octupus flying out and landing splat on the floor.
She fell limp, a white mist blowing from her mouth and nose.
"How appropriate!"
Harry cheered.
The god twisted his wrist sharply for good measure.
A snap split the merry air.
Her neck was bent ninety degrees to the right.
Sometimes they just needed a snap in the right direction, non?
Everyone cheered.
The chains fell off the prisoners, and Harry let them come.
And, as their god, they worshipped him.
Orgasmed in his presence.
"Good.
Good."
He flung the body of Tracy Davies through the hole in the wall, watching as it descended, until it smashed against a tree.
"So the real Zeus wins yet again!"
the god said happily, feeling his power level spiking even more as he disapparated with a ear obliterating crack It was time.
Time to be...
Ironic.
Hah!
What fun!Diagon Alley bustled with activity.
Wizards and witches huddled in groups, murmurring to one another as they tried to appear as tiny as pissible.
Some glanced furtively around.
Others patrolled the streets.
In other words, pretty normal.
That was when the man fell from the skies.
The man dropped to a crouch at the centre of the street and stood, his hood lowering by itself.
Everyone with a presence of mind stumbled away in horror when they saw who he was.
Children were forcibly pulled back.
Wives were claimed from Gringotts.
Hoes were fucked.
And he laughed.
Booming, masculine laughter echoed through the alley.
Past the stalls, past the prostitutes, and past their weak little minds.
The street went silent.
At least, everyone else did.
They knew who he was, alright... A stupid, false god.
That a deity could be so pathetic was agonising, therefore that poor, deluded man was only a false god.
The manic sounds ceased.
Those bloody peasants had actually... actually... they... they fucking insulted him!
"Grrrr!"
His displeasure manifested itself in the clouds, which greyed and gave an ominous rumble.
Waves of immense power that surrounded them like an ocean, crashing against their puny wards as one would a tasty hoe, blasted from his eyes like laser beams.
If they didn't respect him, he would make them.
"Worship me, you peons!"
No one did.
Lightning illuminated the grey skies.
A crack of thunder blasted through the air.
Sheens of white began appearing on every surface there was.
"I said-" Everyone cried as a violent surge of magic slammed them to the ground, on their knees.
"Worship your one true god!"
"But- but!"
a child protested.
A pair of innocent, blue eyes watered as Harry's attention flicked towards him.
"But..." "What is it!"
the god hissed in parseltongue just because it would make everyone fear him more.
The people in the alley gasped, wisely forgetting their current state.
"A parseltongue!
What a surprise!"
"Wonder if this usurper can beat the dark lord?"
"Eh.
He has uncool lightning."
Ignoring those comments, especially the last one, Hadrian rose into the air and glided towards the child at a lazy pace.
The temperature dropped.
Everyone tensed, breaths fogging, as he descended, kneeling in front of the child.
The boy refused to locked eyes.
Then he wrenched its head upwards with a finger that punctured its flesh.
"My apologies."
Harry nudged his chin at the blood streaming down his finger.
"What were you saying?"
he asked kindly.
The boy burst into tears.
"Don't you just hate children," Harry muttered.
He still could remember that Malfoy spawn.
Thank Zeus Hardwin Potter that Astoria had asked him to kill it.
He would have done it himself if she hadn't, and that wouldn't have made a nice impression indeed.
Irritating cretins, those were... Harry boiled away the tears.
The boy let out a cry of pain as the woman beside him screeched.
The tears came in fat, gloopy droplets now.
In response, Harry boiled away those tears, too, giggling slightly.
Skin burnt.
Sizzled.
Angry, red marks replaced tear tracks.
The crowd stirred self righteously, some struggling to break the invisible bonds he'd placed upon them while others cursed him with their forked, snakelike tongues.
But his eyes were only glued to itas a neverending stream of child begotten sadness began its descent, so innocent, so unicorn like.
Excellent.
Harry grinned, thinking about desecration and darkness sitting on a throne, and cool, antsy defilement- "Stop it, stop it, stop it!"
the woman beside the young child shouted desperately, fury coating her words.
Harry turned towards her with an elegantly quirked brow, but released his ministrations.
The child shivered, bawling.
"He's my son!"
"Yes...?"
the god hissed, his voice as cold as the ice in his blood as his emerald orbing orbs emitted laser like beams that warped the air around them.
Trembling, the woman's eyes hardened with a resolve Harry had never seen before.
"Odin.
Thor.
Morrigan.
Hera.
Ra.
Hyperion.
Huitzilopochtli.
Tlaloc.
Ares."
Her eyes glowed.
Harry shook his head, brimming with nostalgia.
Kids these days had lives so full of activities, didn't they.
He supposed his had been too, but, deities?
Really?
Was she summoning them?
"I call on you as your descendent to kill this-" she said, her voice rising in pitch, "Piece.
OF.
SHIT!"
Her final screech echoed throughout the alley.
Harry wolf whistled.
Such vehemence!
Also, she claimed to be their descendent, but didn't those false pieces of shit come from all over the world or something.
And even if they did travel to horse around with one another, and on the off chance, like, the one in a million chance, that this bint really was a descendent of them all, why the hell would they answer her call?
And why would the woman even want to kill him in the first place?
He'd just been messing around with her son without the intention to kill him... All this was just too convenient.
But whatever.
Harry decided never to pay attention to minor details.
Ever.
The crowd watched on with growing tension as the skies rumbled ominously.
A bolt of lightning boomed downwards at the god, but he let it hit amusedly.
He shot a quizzical glance at the woman (as the electricity bathed him, strengthened him, made the power in him grow even further), whose fingertips were beginning to slowly wisp into ash.
Did she actually think- In a whirl of darkness, Harry found himself in a forest.
Ah.
"Are.
You.
Joking."
Harry sighed.
"Nevermind.
I guess I'll just pay that slag a visit."
The steady rustle of leaves tickled his ears as he trudged forward.
Whenever he looked up, the thing that had made that noise scurried away, so he didn't really have a fun way of spending time.
Sadly.
Fairyland really was a dull place.
Nine figures dropped from the trees and landed around him in a circle.
Maybe he should stop thinking if his thoughts really were the opposite of reality.
Or, to be fair, that was an excellent way to determine the future... "Hey, personal space," said Harry offhandedly, and clapped.
Leaves flew into the air as a sonic boom swept from him, taking the gods with it and slamming them into trees.
Snarls came from a particularly rabid voice as they picked themselves up and crept forward, forming a bigger circle around Harry.
One looked like a typical run off the mill slag, except dressed in an ancient tunic.
Another had a hammer.
One had an eyepatch.
One had a moon floating in circles on her head.
One just looked like war itself, with half of his body maimed to such a degree while the other half looked really clean.
One- "Boring," he sang, rolling his eyes at their incompetence.
They should have attacked while he was having his freaking internal monologue.
The assembly of gods around Harry growled.
Read: finally.
"You will pay for this, Potter!"
the hag with the moon on her head- Morrigan, was it?- snarled.
Drool dribbled out of her mouth as her eyes darted about their sockets and she looked quite insane.
Crazy stuff.
"Yeah," Harry drawled.
"I will."
"Grrr!"
Expression murderous, her twin daggers lifted.
Angry clouds gathered in the skies, blotting out the sun.
Everyone tensed, inching away, as shadows poured over the world.
They knew how Morrigan got when she was angry.
Well, except Harry, anyway, who only gave a warm smile in response and thanked his magical, night vision eyes.
The stupid bint was helping him!
Brainless hag.
One glance at the gloomy clouds hardened his resolved laziness, and he happily changed his appearance to that of Dumbledore's.
Great!
He didn't have to think so much now.
It wasn't that he had always needed to think too much to get what he wanted, mind.
He was intelligent.
And taunting little, itsy baby Morgan over there highlighted his intelligence.
"Off to bed then, kid.
Its getting oretty late, you see," Harry told her mournfully.
"Chop-chop!"
Two consecutive claps of thunder rang and casually emphasised his point, but his point was lost in the power that oozed through the air and threatened to plunge him into a sea of bliss.
Ever the gentleman, Harry politely declined.
No thank you, Mab!
Go fuck yourself or something.
Being orgasmic like Daphne had been would be great and all but the god of all was awesome enough without distractions.
Like this, for instance.
Morrigan shrieked the shriek of a banshee.
She blurred forward, her arms circling her sides at light speed, and leaped at the dog who was staring into nothing like the absolute mindless cuck he was and couldn't possibly be paying any attention- Harry snapped his fingers.
She popped like a balloon mere inches from raking his face in, baptising him in a shower of warm, reddish goo.
"Eww."
Disgusting shrew.
With a careless wave of his hands, the god vapourised the bint's remains.
Then he looked cheerfully around.
"Who's next?"
His words rang in the still air.
The false ones seemed to be glued to the place Morrigan had been moments ago.
Not caring.
Not giving him the attention that he wanted- he deserved!
Unhappy, a kicked puppy's expression found its way to his face.
"Aww, man, no one?
Not even one?"
Trying to gain, search, even, for an ounce of approval, the god's head swivelled around desperately.
"No?
God damni-" "You're going to die, Harry Potter!"
Caw- or was it Thaw?
Tea?
Thor?- roared, effectively interrupting the god.
His hammer swung in circles, trails of electricity radiating from its head.
Harry snapped his fingers.
Thor exploded into dust.
Harry dusted his hands proudly- No blood this time!- as the hammer clanged on the hard floor.
"That's what you get for playing with a Titan."
Harry nodded sagely at the false ones' star struck looks.
The one with the eye patch- Odin?- looked ready to flee.
The Titan answered the unanswered question that was on everyone's heads.
"Yes.
I'm a Titan now," thundered Hardwin.
No, not thundered.
Sonic boomed.
No, not sonic boomed, either.
Trumpeted.
He trumpeted.
Suddenly shaking his head, he muttered, "Actually, that won't do.
Sorry to disappoint you, brothers.
Being a Titan is simply not enough."
His eyes, his body, his being rose into the air as he radiated the combined light of the sun and stars and fires of hell together, glowing and glowing, simmering.
The deities tried to escape, apparate, run.
But they couldn't.
The light blinded them.
The place burnt down.
They shrieked as a booming, deep and mighty voice came from where Hadrian used to be, beneath the blankets and swathes and cloaks of light.
"Meet God."
Then all of them exploded into ashe.
ardrian kicked that slut's- Hera?- ashes while he pondered whatever he had done.
Around him was the forest wreathed in flames.
Wintry trees burnt, sizzling in the frigid air.
Leaves melted.
Screeches sounded as the remnants of Red Eyes fled, squaking, their bat wings dreadfully desperate.
Through this, Harrison stared blankly into space, tdook in the scent of pleasurable, grey smoke.
He bent down to grab a handful of ash and carressed it.
That slut's ass sure had looked delicious.
But even as he appreciated dear Hera's remains, he thought.
He marvelled.
He was missing something, he had done something... ...surely, his intelligence wouldn't have allowed him to miss such importance...
He slapped himself.
"That was darn stupid of you, asshole!"
he cried, and slammed another hand to his cheek.
Trees fell.
The ones that came close to him found themselves incinerated by his godliness.
Winds roared.
'Hey, watch your filthy mouth!
I wasn't the one who gave you the idea,' said asshole in a very unkind manner.
Hardwin dropped his fist.
'You did.
I actually reminded you not ta, H-' "Shut up, you bad boy!"
Hadrian said.
Hadrian cut it off, leaving that part of his brain frothing in rage.
And his ass leaking.
It wasn't the god's fault he had decided to show off his superiority instead of learning the art of eating human sacrifices and souls!
The excitement of it all had distracted him!
Surely he hinself could understand.
It was only natural that he tell, nay, show, them that he was better, greater- He was God!
What the hell, man!
The clouds gave a pathetic rumble.
A light drizzle fell.
He sighed, rain mixing with his invisible tears.
Well, he supposed, crying over spilt milk is pointless.
As the fires burnt ever brighter, he imagined that this would teach him to use his time better...
But then he was God.
A handsome smirk wormed its way to his wrinkled face.
Yes.
He nodded.
He was God.
The almighty.
The one who had decided that heaven was boring and taken on this earthly form to teach those hillbillys how to worship well, the second Christ.
He knew now.
He was unlimited.
And it was time to travel through time.
Using his cosmic transcendence, omnipotence, Harrison Hadrian Hardwin closed his eyes and saw- No.
Ascended.
He ascended to a place past time, out of time, to see time itself- A giggle escaped him.
"You're joking!"
the god squaked.
"No I'm not," his enchanted eyes replied.
And that was that.
Time was not a river.
Nor was it a pencil-drawn line.
Nor a train track.
Nor the different parts of a willing lady by the name of Astoria Greengrass.
It was nothing.
"Ah," sagely said Harrison, his somehow still green eyes twinkling through his half moon glasses as he stroked his long, grandfatherly beard.
How... enlightening.
Hadrian returned to the real world, mind filled with knowledge no mortal man could comprehend.
The fact that the place was awfully quiet, the rain had stopped, meant nothing.
Also... Zeus stirred.
'Uh, Harry-' he yapped.
"Don't!"
Hardwin hissed pleasantly.
Zeus shut up as the god faced the man, his eyes glowing red with happiness.
"You underestimate my power."
Static sizzled in the air.
The newcomer, a middle aged man with a well shaven beard and white robes- kind of what Dumbledore had been wearing at Kings Cross- smiled genially.
Hadrian could feel the power.
So small, so insignificant, and- Completely- Powerless- Against- Him!
Harrison cackled.
Was it a god?
A deity?
Jesus?
It was time to be rid of that imitator, anyway, if Hardwin really was the true God.
No, not if.
Since.
He cackled again.
"And who are you?"
asked the god amidst cackles.
"Just a messanger."
His grey eyes drifted around serenely, taking in the peace of the forest fire.
"Do not be afraid."
The cacklings and laughter stopped.
"Wella, why the hell would I be afraid?"
The idiot god had to wonder if he should even play with this spaz.
Such a boring individual.
Where the attempted murder was, he didn't know.
He frowned unhappily.
Sad.
The man simply said, "I am an angel," and kept quiet, as if it would be enough to hold the almighty's attention.
Hah!
When the forest burnt down!
Actually, that was happening right now... Whatever.
"Cool."
Hadrian began walking away.
"Deluded old cucks!"
he muttered under his breath, and giggled like a girl.
"Don't go!"
"Prove it then," Harrrison replied and did not turn behind.
"You are planning to travel through time to save your friends."
A pause.
"Oh, and learn how to eat souls."
Ah.
Shit.
Hardwin turned back to the man.
Well that was obviously enough proof.
There was no need for more; no one would have the power to force the knowledge out of him, therefore no magic had been involved.
It had been known.
'Constant vigilance!-' Mab barked, forgetting about her current lover.
"-Is alive, baby!"
Hardwin finished, and snapped his fingers.
Silence.
Harrison cocked his head, staring at his hands.
The man didn't blink.
"Peace, boy," he soothed, raising his hand in a placating gesture.
Power surged through Hadrian's veins, his anger, rage, hatred, fuelling it- how dare this false shit defy him!-, and he snapped his fingers again, sending enough magical energy that would boil the sun ten times over at the man.
The skies exploded with a great clap of thunder.
Lightning filled the world.
Nothing.
Hardwin growled.
Ice slithering down the length of his beard, he opened his mouth, drawing his holly wand.
Then he closed it.
And opened it again.
The man looked on patiently, his hands behind his back.
'Ya know, indecision really sucks,' Zeus sulked.
Hardwin cringed.
No, not him!
Shit shit shit, that was for girls!
So he did the obvious.
"Avada Kedavra!"
The roar of ten thousand furnaces boomed out; a needle-thin streak of green light arcing forward.
Mr Mystery's mouth moved, but Hardwin couldn't here it over the roar of sound, those great unholy thunderings.
But he was pretty sure it was something as lame as "Peace, I pray thee," when the world went white so he didn't care.
'Boring,' Mab sang.
Hadrian felt his occlumency barriers give way.
Something absolutely repulsive spread like a river over his mind.
It dampened the chaos roiling in his head.
The animals prancing on the dunes.
Peace.
'Not so boring,' Mab quickly corrected, her voice echoing through his head as Zeus woofed in fear and that was the last thing he heard her say as she ebbed away.
After aeons, or maybe just a few seconds, the same thing, really, the white slowly receded.
He found himself sitting on dirt, his legs neatly crossed.
Around him were tree stumps and half burnt barks and trunks.
Around him was white and soot.
Around him was peace.
The skies were a lovely blue, the sun shining brightly, and the non existent cricking of crickets made it all better.
Harry Potter smiled in contentment.
It was nice.
Peaceful.
And everything that had just passed felt like nothing.
Meaningless.
"Hello," said a smooth voice beside him.
Harry turned.
"Oh, it's you again," Harry said.
He realised he didn't have his beard anymore which was a shame.
He had really liked that beard.
And his Dumbledore getup.
But he found he simply couldn't care less.
No cool but still.
The man examined Mystery's face uncaringly.
"What did you want to say?"
"You have a choice," Mr Mystery said without preamble.
A centaur wandered over, saw them both, and clopped off in terror.
"Turn from your wicked ways, Harry Potter, and you can still be redeemed."
Harry laughed.
He just couldn't help it.
He didn't know why he laughed, but he knew he had good reason too.
It came out spiteful and bitter, like soap and acid.
Which just so happened to go well with one another, being acid and alkaline and all.
"I don't need redemption," Harry found himself saying.
He was moving his mouth, he knew that, but he didn't really know why.
He felt like he was a spectator to something or something.
His cool life maybe.
"When have I ever wanted it?
Asked for it?
I didn't ask for it when I was told how my parents died.
I didn't ask for it when Cedric died.
When everyone died.
No, I didn't.
So."
He was breathing loudly now.
Inhale, exhale.
Inhale, exhale.
Steam blew from his nostrils like a dragon.
"Why?"
he iced.
"Because you need it.
You are a sinner.
If you repent now, you could be forgiven.
It might not be too late."
"What else do you have to say?
I didn't think ya talked to ungodly heathens like me.
What with being a witch, and all."
The mystery man- Nope.
The angel-smiled, his hair gleaming in the sun.
"You will find, that your people aren't really witches and wizards.
Their powers come from God," it spoke.
Harry realised how different his voice was from Azazel's, how Azazel's was a bastardization of its voice, so silky and tranquil, like a sleeping child.
"Around two thousand years ago, many disciples of My Lord received the his blessing.
They could perform great miracles after that, by their belief through My Lord's powers.
We angels do not know what happened afterwards, but their children somehow gained the ability to perform these things, too.
Miracles.
We wondered over our Lord's creations and many good plans-" Harry bit back a laugh.
"-as these children grew to be like their parents, too- worshipping The Lord.
And their children after that."
Its eyes became sad.
Harry scooted closer.
"Then one of them became tempted by the devil.
And it spread.
They became so lost in their powers, Lucifer's promises, they buried themselves under his and his demon's teachings and lies.
Their powers soon outstripped that of the real practitioners of witchcraft, but they were no better.
Soon enough, they were so alike, so heinous, they were inseparable."
"We thought our Lord would take away their abilities.
Their powers-" "But he didn't," Harry interrupted, rolling his eyes.
This was taking too long.
His mind struggled under the warm, cozy blankets, and fell back.
It was just too much effort.
Honestly.
He waved his hand.
"Eh.
Go on."
The angel observed Harry closely.
"They banded together, became hunted over the years, and nearly overthrew the so called 'muggles'.
But it didn't happen, because My Lord didn't want it to happen.
So with their teachings full of lies, they hid.
And the devil and his ilk, their work was done-" "What's the point of all of this?"
asked Harry.
"Are you here to save me?
Because, from my point of view, you suck!"
He smiled brightly.
"Then you are lost!"
the angel boomed, and stood.
Harry stood in kind.
"One more thing.
Your plan will not work," it stated, then tilted its head to the left.
"Well, plans.
An unholy, diabolical plan, on of them is.
Try, you might, but never will you eat souls.
Anyway, you cannot change what has come to pass.
Farewell."
With that, the angel disappeared as silently as it had come, the blankets with it.
A yawn escaped his lips.
The god stretched like a cat, and searched his mind, coming to rest when he saw Mab and Zeus watching him apprehensively.
"Wh-what are you p-uh-planning, boy!"
Mab stuttered.
Zeus, Mab and Apollo shivered.
"Your time is up," Harry ominously said, blackness shrouding his body, staring at them in his mind as they ran like pigs and cowered.
Hardwin looked up into the clouds, his green eyes shining with infinitely more power than the universe.
"Also, from now on, I am God.
So yeah."
Hadrian Hardwin- Holy shit, fine, Harry- closed his eyes, and took them with him, kicking and screaming.
"And this will be my first act, bitches!"
Lightning rained from the heavens.
Harry took Zeus and Mab, fashioned a dog with a horn in front of him, and forced them in there.
There were a few twitches, a clap of thunder.
Its shaggy fur turned from abyss black to snow white, like the princess, and its eyes flew open.
"Aghgahagahaga!"
he cackled.
The dog rose from the floor, staring at him with childlike anger, dark balls underneath window lids of flesh flashing with electricity.
"Rise, my child.
It is time to visit our old friend."
The dog grew and grew, and Harry rode on his creation- The very first horned dog.
What a terribly cunning name!
Meanwhile in America, Voldemort shivered as he sat on his throne.
The power.
The magic.
He felt it, of course, radiating from the Middle East.
"Potter.
"The muggle street looked on as a strange man with a strange, gigantic horned dog appeared in the middle of the street and charged, bursting through the glass doors of the you-know-what's old pub.
You-know-what being the assholes who called themselves wizards and witches but couldn't use better ways of communicating than sticking their heads in fireplaces.
Then they shook their heads.
After all, he was likely just another one of their resident hobos.
Oh how wrong they were.
God bless them.
Meanwhile, the Leaky Cauldron broke out into chaos.
"Ahhhhhhhh!"
"Holy shit!
Harry Potter, the child molester!"
"Somebody call-" Ice encased the ones who had just spoken, their expressions horror-struck.
Stunned.
Eyes filled with molten veins, mouths lost their colour and paled.
Legs and arms blued.
Bodies went rigid.
Silence.
People watched in abject horror as the horrid dog of his woofed, its horn gleaming as it stuck its tongue out.
A pale, muscled hand smoothed its fur over, powerful trails of blue and white crawling over each fingertip.
The dog panted happily.
"Good, Zeus.
Good!"
said Harry Potter, with his mouth spread into a smile.
He removed the hood of his robes, his laser eyes glaring around, catching sight of cowering tenants and customers.
He cackled, his cackles ringing through the bar as the soft music playing on the wizarding wireless glitched and fizzed out.
Stupid animals!
As if he would kill all of his future minions!
He turned towards Tom, and his merry smile plunged into the icy depths of winter.
"Where is he."
Beads of sweat dripped from the barman's bald head.
"Wh-what-" "Voldemort."
Lightning smashed into the steps leading up into the leaky cauldron.
Thunder blasted the bar.
Screams.
Everyone other than Tom found themselves unable to speak, scream, and move.
So they only could watch in abject horror.
Pausing to smirk slightly at them, Harry shifted his focus back to his new toy.
"L-Lord S-Sly-Slytherin, s-sir?"
Tom stuttered.
God silently gazed at him with those luminescent, emerald marbles, but did not answer.
The air grew tense.
Suddenly, Tom giggled.
The customers' eyes widened.
"It's not as if you would live long enough to find out."
Much to Harry's amusement, the bar tender contorted, slimmed, his face sharpening into one of scandinavian beauty.
The untamed beard disappeared into a pretty chin, brown eyes oozed with the bluest of blues, horrid robes became a tight, black dress.
Lush, golden hair grew from his bald head and fell over his-her shoulders as she straightened.
"Heh.
Lookie here Zeus.
Another one!"
God trumpeted, eyes gleaming with lust for... something that she wouldn't want to know.
Zeus responded with a sharp grin.
She really was tasty.
"Beg me to spare you, Harry Potter," said the newly revealed deity, her voice booming with power.
"Beg me, and I shall grant you the privilege of a painless death.
Beg me, and I shall spare you from the pain you have caused me, cause all of us."
Harry thought for a moment.
The sound of nails against rough flesh filled the air as he scratched Zeus' ears absently.
Huh.
Harry loved pain, though!
He was a masochist.
Oh, wait, that was his inner Astoria speaking?
Nevermind.
He shot her a charming smile.
"Nah."
The room suddenly became very cold.
Endless.
Void began sucking the edges of the walls, warping reality, frosting the windows only to douse them in flames.
The customers eyes' widened, making 'mhhhmmm' sounds, as if in anticipation for sodomy.
The deity rose into the void on top of her, the cosmic everything everywhere, and Harry followed her progress with raised eyebrows.
It seemed every false shit Harry had ever met either had been raving mad or silently manipulative of other's minds.
He rather thought he was the kindest, sanest even, of them all.
"Then you have defied a god's orders, and your suffering will be eternal."
She raised her hands, and weapons infused with cosmic power gathered there- Harry growled.
Eternal?
Eternity was his and his only!
Grrrrrrrrrr.
Grrrrr, god dammit!
"Shut the fuck up you useless, worthless slut!
Worship your true god, dammit!"
Harry screamed, crushing his hand into a fist.
Her pitiful enchantment broke.
She fell to the floor, her eyes wide as Harry towered over her.
Debris rained over them as the ceiling broke.
How dare they!
They never gave him glory for his goodness!
They only called themselves gods and eternal, but didn't give him the credit!
What the flying fuck!
He had thought he would be thanked here, but no!
It apparently was too hard for them.
Beside him, Zeus the gigantic dog couldn't help but agree.
Harry was overly underappreciated.
"What's yo name again?"
Harry asked.
She opened her trembling mouth to answer, but Harry capriciously muttered "screw it", grabbed her by her neck, and lifted her high into the air, boring straight into her blue eyes.
She screamed screams of anguish.
Of agony.
Blood trickled from the sides of her eyes and ears as Harry ripped her mind to shreds before slamming it back together into a semblance of sanity.
Her body kicked out, but God released another jet of swirling godliness into her eyes, and it went limp.
Her eyes slowly started glowing, desperate to escape from the bonds the monster had put on her, before she died, before- Ah.
"Hestia," Harry whispered, dropping her from his grip.
He tilted his head.
"Hestia," he repeated, loving the way his tongue curled and moved.
Loving her name very much.
Zeus pranced around her prone body in symphony to his rhythm.
"Hestia, Hestia, Hestia."
Prance, prance, prance.
The aforementioned goddess whimpered as Harry ran his eyes over her body, her splayed, open legs.
God had a slight problem, here.
The wreckage and cowering, fearful servants of his could hardly be considered a training ground, and he didn't know what to teach her, too.
"A virgin goddess... how should I teach this slut a lesson...?"
Virgin.
Slut.
Virgin.
Slut.
An idea entered his vast mindscape, and Harry grinned.
"Boy oh boy," said Harry, rubbing his hands together and staring into space.
Wicked imaginations flitted in and out of his mind, so vile, so evil, so dark.
The possibilities were endless.
One hand dragging the slut up by her hair, Harry used the other to snap his fingers.
The people in the bar turned into rabid, hungry, monstrous dogs with enormous phalluses that bowed in subservience to their new master.
Hestia screamed.
Outside, the clouds parted.
The sun bathed the street in warm, pleasant light.
Harry thought, as he threw her to the wall and commanded the dogs to rape her, that today was very fine, indeed.
"You know," Zeus said conversationally beside him while the horde of dogs ravaged the slut up, and Harry shot his friend a questioning glance.
Blood spurted high into the air as the screams continued.
"You're gettin' a little too sharp for my tastes.
Like a pointy stick, or perhaps a plastic knife.
A two edged sword.
Y'know."
Harry considered whatever Zeus had said, and shrugged.
"Is that so?"
Zeus bobbed his head, his dark eyes flashing with worry.
"Boy, you are crazy.
At least do something cooler."
"I find it funny, but... ah well.
I suppose something one considers good might cause brain damage to another."
God sighed.
The dogs turned into massive, rock made humanoids with pricks that outsized elephant trunks.
He nudged his head at them.
"How about that?"
The cricking of crickets filled the air.
Then Zeus woofed happily.
They later realised that Hestia had long since fainted, which was why the cricking of crickets could previously fill the air.
But it was fine.
Round one was over.
God declared that the golems turn back into humans, and sent them back to their homes.
With Zeus watching eagerly, he walked over to the fallen bint, slamming his boot into the ex-virgin's bloated, white stained stomach.
Hestia's eyes flew open.
She puked, and puked, and puked, and her puke was totally white.
She couldn't see, she cried for mommy, her tears dripping down her defiled cheeks and bare body.
"Hello, there!"
Harry greeted, and formed a bolt of pure, corporeal lightning that had many jagged edges.
Static crackled and hissed continuously as Harry raised it.
"Ready for round two?"
"N-N-No!"
the slut burbled, snot and sweat flowing in streams from her pores.
Her eyes begged for God to end her pain, but he was anything, EVERYTHING, but cruel.
He wanted to help her.
Perhaps she wanted more?
He certainly could rape, but he didn't want to sully himself.
It was reserved for the scums.
As in, the act of raping, not raping itself.
If he had wanted to rape scums, he woulda raped her long ago.
Such a pity he couldn't help her in that department.
Zeus woofed out a laugh.
"You wish for more?"
Harry asked kindly.
A bolt of lightning with many jagged edges appeared in his hands.
"I could ask my dog ov-" She shook her head.
Harry sighed.
"Denial is the first step towards the dar-" "I-I'll te-tell you!"
She sobbed, rocking back and forth, attempting to place as much distance between her and him as she could to no avail.
Harry simply walked forward with a friendly smile.
"I'll tell you!"
Harry raised the bolt.
The sun shone ever more brighter, as if delighted about the lack of gloom and clouds in the sky.
The kids outside frolicked with one another, noticeably appreciating the blessing of an utterly splendid day.
The adults amazingly found their amount of stockpiled foods towering into gigantic proportions.
"Please!"
she shrieked, her tears an unending ocean now.
"Master!
Master!
Ple-please stop it!
He is in America!
H-He is in America!"
The white dog which was called Zeus and the holy and everlasting God locked eyes for a few tense moments.
They seemed to come to an honourable agreement.
God nodded.
"Cool!
Let's go, m'boy!"
said Harry happily, and so, one riding while the other trotting, they left the place, not acknowledging Hestia's presence after that.
All was well.
HP After a couple of arguments with Zeus regarding how that could have gone better, Harry used the knowledge he'd gained from being inside Hestia's mind to locate Voldemort's lair.
And as to how Hestia knew of its location?
Well that was another retarded plothole in the entire universe, wasn't it?
They both dropped from the skies and landed in front of the foreboding, dark fortress that just so happened to be right in the middle of a pile of bodies, blood and gore.
Oh, and buildings.
Many torn, wrecked buildings.
Lightning illuminated the grey.
Thunder boomed.
Bats hurriedly flew from their caves.
"Voldemort is a whore for the teenage dream," Harry commented, unaware of what he was, and what he stood for.
(Fine, maybe he didn't really stand for that particular man-made concept anymore, since he was, like, the real God, but jeez.
That was really unforgivable of him.
And hypocritical.
Don't forget hypocritical.)
Zeus trotted slowly forward, kicking aside a few red heads.
With a few literal red heads on the way.
"Hmm, yes, Harry."
It shook its head, giving God a helpless look.
"What's my horn for?"
"To literally be an adversary of Voldemort.
He is the satan, and you are... er, what's that boy called?
Michael?"
"Oh."
A smirk flitted past his lips so fast it couldn't have been real.
"Then why don't you have horns?"
"Uh..." Harry sniffed the air.
Oh, Astoria's perfume!
He wondered why that was there as lightning forked from the skies.
"Because I am God.
I don't need anything."
"Ah."
So they went in silence until they reached the front doors.
The two robed and masked individuals by the doors straightened.
They raised their weapons, each hand carrying a trident.
"What are you doing here, half breed!"
the middle one said snootily.
Harry got to see their masks for the first time, and boy oh boy did he snort a few smokes.
Soon, he and his dog had erupted into giggles.
"Stop laughing, peasant, and lick my feet!
Hand me down robes, messy hair-" The air chilled.
The other masked guard tensed.
"Malfoy-" "Wait- laser godlike green emerald verdant glowing eyes, lightning scar... you're Potter!"
Malfor snarled.
"False god, you killed my s-" Harry snapped his fingers.
Malfoy popped and his remains showered his fellow comrade.
His tridents banged against the floor, which cracked, swallowing it up, before giving a satisfied burp and closing "Now," Harry said, turning to face the other man who had activated his dark mark moments ago.
Zeus pawed the floor, electricity gathering at his horn's edge.
"Mr...
what."
He tilted his head.
"Dursley!
Huh, Vernon, never mistook you for a magical-" "Potter!"
Uncle Vernon hissed, pointing both tridents uo into the sky.
Lightning whipped the air apart, causing a great rumble of thunder.
Harry let his eyebrows dim, and mentally told Zeus to take a piss and watch the show.
"I've been looking forward to this.
Pet and Dudley are waiting for me even now-" Eyebrows lifting to his hairline, Harry interrupted, "Looking forward to what?"
Heh.
Uncle?
His uncle?
Looking forward to something?
Seemed awfully ambitious.
"This!"
The meaty man clanged his tridents together, making an 'X'.
There came an ominuous quake from everywhere at once.
The monstrous white dog of the freak bared its teeth, and Vernon Dursley was grateful for the first time in his life to a magical, to have been given an opportunity to kill that damned scum who had been a curse on them all since he spawned into this damned universe.
"All of us have waited for this!"
Then a blinding bolt of lightning lanced down and smashed into the part where both the tridents met, bathing Vernon in white light and glory.
Glory!
Then the light ended, and Mr Dursley was left radiating a sheen of light.
Meanwhile, Harry just looked on.
He shook his head in disappointment.
'Show's pretty boring so far,' said Zeus- scratch that, Mab, through their mental link.
'Oh, hey, Mab," Harry said.
Mam hadn't spoken ever since she and Zeus had been placed in their new host, and Harry was happy she was done throwing a tantrum.
'Yeah,' Zeus agreed.
Vernon bellowed then, the bellow turning into a roar, the roar turning into a deep explosion.
His skin, robes, everything about him changed.
He grew and grew, fattened like a walrus, his meaty paws still clasping tightly the tridents that now positively glowed.
After a few moments, what was left of Vernon was a slug like being with waves of fat that rippled and green, rough skin.
His legs disappeared.
Eyes that once were beetle black had turned into yellow, slitted ones, his nostrils had stretched into twin mining caves, and his mouth was filled with rotting, yellow teeth that had a bad case of worm infestation.
The slug threw his head back, and roared in Harry's face.
A few still standing buildings rocked behind him, and crashed all over the floor.
Spittle flew everywhere.
Sending a stringy piece of meat into orbit, Harry hacked at the smell.
It smelled of... shit.
Yeah, that's right.
Shit.
God fanned himself, and made an umbrella made of air in front of him while evaporating away the light, cooling, gooey shower he just had.
The beast raised its head.
"Muahahaahaha!"
it boomed, a deep rumble.
More buildings fell.
The castle rocked a little, but was relatively fine.
"Muahahahaahahaa!"
It raised its tridents, and with a roar, jabbed them at Harry.
Harry grinned as electricity filled him, and he caught the tridents by their pointy tips; there was a sharp chink, then the charged power in the air sent a shockwave that blasted the slug backwards, blowing through the doors as it flew into the castle.
With one last look behind him, Harry raised the flag that hadn't been there before high into the air, and gave a shout.
The skies boomed the words along with him, causing a storm of epic proportions.
Surrounding witches and wizards, the disenfrenchised, muggles, the trampled on, the ones considered inferior, the oppressed, raised their flags with him, knowing that their greatest savioir had come to save them once and for all.
"DEUS VULT!"
Harry threw the 'Voldemort sux' flag aside as a spear appeared in his hands.
Getting the cue, Zeus barked.
Then they charged into the castle (sans the crowd, which was too cowardly to proceed).
And God laughe.
arry Potter was having the time of his life.
What was this, only the second creepy castle he'd been to so far?
He thanked his lucky stars- like, the lucky stars that were literally his, for such a blessing.
Amazing, truly.
Especially with that mutated worm thundering down the path towards him.
"How cute," said the Alpha and Omega.
Riding on his trusty friend, the horse sized golden retriever which was called Zeus, God giggled at the sight of his slug of an uncle.
Uncle Vernon was so funny!
Looking at him only served to bring back the pleasant memories of love and joy during his tenure at Privet Drive.
You see, Harry Potter had always wanted to give his uncle a special thanks for a long time now.
For taking him in at a young age and being a great guardian.
Nay, more than a guardian.
A friend!
And he could finally do it!
Sadly, the portraits lining the walls didn't seem to like family reunions so.
They sneered, muttering to themselves about great evil.
"Folly durst claim this child," they said in unison, "for he be challenging the general of Lord Voldemort."
Not that Harry heard them, of course.
Nor cared.
"You will lose, uncle!"
"You fool!"
the slug bellowed.
"I've been trained in your magick arts by Lord Voldemort!"
Two bolts of blue shot out and hurtled at Zeus from both its forks, who deftly dodged to the side, lightly scraping the walls as he scampered forward.
A section of the wall exploded.
Paintings flew into the dust.
"Avada Kedavra!
Avada Kedavra!
Avada Kedavra!"
Uncle Vernon screamed, his moving tail crushing a nearby suit of armour into the wall.
Harry jumped off his ride, did a few acrobatic movements, and leaped back on.
Uncle Vernon howled in rage.
"You will pay, Potter!"
The slug disappeared with the fizz of a radio, and reappeared suddenly in front of Harry.
It raised its weapons, Zeus screeched to a halt- Their weapons met.
An unholy bang swept through the tunnel, golden light emnating from the two beings.
God, with both his hands on each end of his spear, and the slug, with his two tridents shaking.
Growling, Vernon pushed his weight against the spear.
Cackling maniacally, Harry pushed back.
Sparks flew as metal screeched against enchanted gold.
The slug raised the right trident and sent a jab but Harry's hand jerked up and the spear countered it mere inches from his head.
"Good move," Harry conceded, wondering over the wart below his uncle's nigh nonexistent hips.
It was yellow, had hair, and radiated a sense of repulsiveness and- hold on, that wasn't a wart... "Wizard scum!"
Uncle Vernon growled.
He pushed the tridents down harder, but Harry kept his ground.
There they stayed for what seemed like centuries- green against yellow, grin against sneer, God against worm.
Pushing.
Growling.
The slug's foul breathing filled the corridor with lung infection.
Spectators watching the proceedings from the doors backed away.
Then Zeus rolled his eyes and rammed his supercharged horn against Vernon's exposed prick.
Yellow, slitted eyes widened.
Time stopped.
An explosion of pain burst through the slug's mind.
Everlasting, forever, neverending...
It was void, it was the galaxy, so empty and yet so full, fire was eating, gnawing, chomping up his privates, his horse clobbering utensils came apart...
He internally cried for his love... Harry grinned sharply.
Time resumed with a simple command.
The slug flew backwards, bouncing up and down the tunnel's length before crashing against the foot of a magically rotating staircase.
The floor quaked as its tridents slid across the floor and quivered to a stop.
Following the slug's path, Harry tsked.
"So uncivilized."
Mournfully, he sighed.
It was time to end his uncle's sufferring.
He would, of course, do it with a heavy heart.
Patting Zeus on the head, they gave chase, and God cackled.
Merry gallops filled the air as his spear spun like a helicopter.
Zeus screeched to a halt beside the moaning beast, and Harry jumped off.
He circled his uncle, his spear screeching against the floor.
Low, ominous footsteps echoed through the wide corridor.
"Are you still waiting for this, uncle?"
Thunder rocked the castle.
Harry lifted the spear.
The slug choked, its slitted eyes wide in horror.
It was silently channelling its fats to repair its manhandled dick, it seemed.
Harry sniggered; his uncle truly was one resilient gnat.
"Goodbye."
Blue, electrical flames whooshed to life at the spear's very tip.
The air fizzed and sizzled.
"No... Neow..." Vernon angrily shook his head, voice booming through the tunnel.
Hidden from view, a flabby hand jabbed desperately at the trident closest to him, which shivered."NEOOOOOOW!
You will die!"
Harry brought his spear down as the trident flew into the slug's three fingered grasp and it flipped around like a pancake.
There was a sonic clang, and the attack was deflected.
A powerful wind erupted in their faces.
Harry raised his brows.
It had a quick draw.
Sweet!
He felt happy for his friend.
Vernon however didn't seem to share his sentiments.
"Stupid, false-" Watching eagerly, Zeus winced.
"Uh oh."
"- god-" "Hey, that's my phrase!
I'm the only one who can use it, I'm way better than them!"
yelled Harry, hurt, and he pressed his finger against his thumb, prepared to explode the slug into fatty slime.
Only to stop.
And for the first time, reconsider.
"- damned scummy freakish no good freak!
Avada Kedavra!"
the slug boomed.
Green flashed between them.
Without checking to see if God was dead, the slug drooped his hand, made an "ah!
", and sank to the floor.
Like how a drop of ketchup would against a cold, apathetic plate.
God didn't die.
Sadly.
Lazily dodging, he pulled his spear away, regarding the snoring blob of heart disease in front of him thoughtfully.
If he spared the slug, he would have lots of fun indeed.
God rather thought the slug wouldn't have a use if he simply died, and God had a plan for everything.
A purpose.
A function.
And Vernon needed one, in case he be an exception and turn into a living paradox.
That would certainly make Harry not the only single most contradictory person in the world, which was a big no-no.
Well, his uncle had a purpose now!
Zeus immediately caught on.
"Very smar... er... that's rather dumb, Harry, but nevermind."
The dog nodded in agreement to its statement as Harry snapped his fingers.
Thunder split the air.
The slug rose like an erection.
Bloody eyelids snapped open to reveal pure, fiery hate filled eyes.
Nostrils flared.
The other trident on the floor flew into his waiting palm.
"Potter!"
the slug frothed.
"You woke me from my afternoon nap!"
"Forgive me for my folly, then," Harry smoothly replied, snapping his fingers again.
Thunder boomed.
The beast found himself growing another two arms with a glowing sword stuck to each of them.
Its tail split in half, turning into two legs that burst with pure muscle.
Its gargantuan abdomen became a well defined six pack that was no smaller than its previous belly fat.
Its green skin remained, however, and so did its breath.
Ahh.
Same old, same old.
Some things just couldn't change.
"Wh-what's h-" it stuttered, looking down at its body.
Harry giggled.
"Your purpose."
And charged, his spear crackling with lightning.
He raised it to meet four weapons and a still shocked Vernon, who slowly became angrier and angrier, for reasons.
What an unappreciative anthropod.
The beast flung his hands forward.
Harry found himself flying, colours a blur.
He smashed through a door, slamming against a desk.
Painlessly.
Parchment and quills flew high into the air.
Then the screaming started.
Shrill screams pierced the air.
Screams sharp enough to shatter steel.
Screams that made his ears trickle with blood.
Harry looked up in mild amusement.
"He...llo...!"
It appeared that God had just barged into a round of sex between Bellatrix Lestrange and Narcissa Malfoy.
Wait a minute- "Hey Bellatrix!
Go back to Azazel, you whore!
Stop fucking your no good sister," Harry cried.
Low, steady stomps shook the walls.
Chips of marble rained from the ceiling.
The very naked brunette began convulsing in horror at seeing him again, her screams dying in her throat.
Her grip on her sister's nipple loosened.
The finger deep in herself slipped out.
Seeing this, Narcissa hastily pulled over the covers.
A wand slipped into her hands which she jabbed at Harry.
"Yes..." Harry breathed.
He gave a little smile.
"I can feel your anger.
It gives you FOCUS!"
Narcissa jumped.
"Makes y-" "Damn you Potter!"
Uncle Vernon boomed, his stomps getting closer.
"Gimme my slug form back!"
"And that's my cue to leave."
Harry waved, dodging a nasty streak of lion summoning from her wand while he was at it.
He ran out, just in time to see a huge, orange beast smash against the dresser, before growling and turning to the rapidly paling blonde.
"See ya don't wanna be ya!"
Creating a wall of fire and lightning at the doorway, Harry raised his spear again.
His dear uncle looked up from kicking Zeus in the butt, and sped toward him, leaping high into the air.
Harry did a cartwheel.
The beast rammed into a wall, leaving a spider web of cracks as it wheeled around, and roared.
Harry blurred his spear again just as Vernon did another leap, his four pointy weapons swinging wildly.
He skidded under a sword that nearly separated his head from his body.
Two tridents flew at him- A loud bang shook the tunnel, sending vibrations up its walls as Harry parried.
Expression murderous, the beast's two upper arms raised and swung down again.
Harry cried in delight and spun his spear, deflecting them with a shriek of metal as he backed away.
Growls exited the beast, who struck the floor with its tridents.
The castle groaned.
Harry absently passed his spear to his other hand, spinning it as cracks speared across the marble and lanced at him.
He covered the scratch marks with ice, lightning racing from his free hand and firing luminescent, rope-like arcs at Vernon, who flicked a trident and banished a nearby suit of armour into its path.
Stray, crackling bolts casually punctured a few lamps into darkness as the beast stepped back.
Harry reigned his power in.
The metal fell with a crash.
Silence.
The remaining lamps lining the walls cast eerie shadows on the carnage.
The winds slowly died.
The two began to circle one another.
"I sense great fear in you, Dursley," said Harry gravely, lazy twirling his spear.
His boot ground a piece of marble into dust.
"You have hate, yo-" "Arrrrrrrrrgh!"
The beast bared its teeth, and saliva rained on his face.
"Potter!
Just die!"
Weapons rattled.
It spun like a top and hurled a trident at Harry, who dodged.
The unfortunate portrait which got in its way screamed.
"Now now, no need to be so violent," Harry chided.
The beast lunged.
Harry sent a careless jab which got deflected as two swords sliced the air.
He barely avoided getting cleaved, somersaulting behind Vernon and jabbed again.
It hit.
Vernon howled, spinning around, and Harry, caught in the momentum, lost his grip and flew.
His body slammed against the stair, and he tumbled down.
Glancing up, the green form of the beast stalked forward, wincing as it yanked God's golden spear out from behind, and threw it into the rubble with a sharp, metallic rattle.
"Oof."
Harry sighed.
Those emerald balls gleamed with defeat.
This was not going according to plan.
At all.
Actually, scratch that.
It was going according to plan.
He supposed Hestia just had to suffer.
"Muahahahaha!"
Vernon boomed, his shadow draping over God.
Tridents pointing downwards and ready, he boomed, "In the name of my lord's empire, you are under arrest, Potter!"
Harry stiffened.
Frost caked the floor.
"I.
Am.
Your Lord," he icily whispered.
"Not.
Yet."
The sizzling lights by the sides flared.
With an ugly grin, the beast slammed down the tridents' forked tips, receiving quite a shock as Petunia Dursley materialised midair and took the impalement.
His mouth widened as she gasped in pained wonder, blood pooling down her abdomen.
A pair of hooved legs kicked uselessly before falling limp.
Her head drooped.
Like a piece of meat on a fork.
"Cool lingerie she, er, had, over there."
Harry chuckled.
"Horses, huh?"
Vernon roared.
An intense wave of rage barely was registered before he barrelled forward and threw aside his weapons, clawed fingers ready to rip that freak's face to shreds- With a sudden whirl of colour, a spear impaled his heart.
Gurgle.
Yellow eyes shone with undilited hatred as Harry pushed the spear in, bit by bit.
Inch by inch.
A gasp.
Another gasp.
Then, convulsing, Uncle Vernon fell.
A puddle of green and sticky fluids pooled out under him.
And so Vernon the ex-slug died.
Outside, the spectators cheered.
"I have failed you, Vernon.
I have failed you," Harry said, voice echoing.
With a forcefull tug, he retrieved his spear.
He kissed it.
What a sweetheart it was.
And speaking of sweethearts... An image of a very battered and used girl flashed into his mind.
Thoughts regarding his favourite uncle and aunt dispersed, as if the whole debacle had never happened.
That bleeding Hestia deserved another lesson.
How dare her mind not give him good knowledge about duelling!
He'd wrecked her unworthy mind for a reason, man!
For knowledge!
It seemed that their manipulations ran so deeply that even they themselves were deceived.
His little experiment was testament to how little skill they actually had.
Deities?
Those false dumps?
Yikes.
They couldn't even be considered warriors!
Perhaps some permanent scarring would be in order.
She had to learn that lying to herself would not make her pathetic fantasies real.
Looking left and right, Harry scanned the place.
He really wanted to finish Tom Riddle now.
Stupid bitch paled in comparison to the fun God would have with a fiesty Hestia.
(Ironically, he was going after the stupid bitch first, but really?
No one cared!)
Zeus suddenly shot from where he'd been hiding, full of childlike hope and innocence.
"Did I hear a Hestia, coming right up?"
His head swivelled around.
Moments later, it dropped.
"Aww, man."
Then it saw Vernon's mutated remains and his horse covered in goo, and barked.
"Oh, that is just hot!"
It began to slurp up the alien fluids, making shrill noises of guttural pleasure that sounded suspiciously like Mab's moans.
Harry shook his head fondly, and began searching through the place.
His search turned up with nothing.
"Hmm.
How boring," Harry muttered.
"C'mon, Zeus.
Up, we go."
The dog glumly raised its head and padded after its master.
And so, our two heroes went up the rotating stairs, letting its low purrs and hums soothe their thirsty nerves.
Really.
Thirsty.
Nerves.
Perhaps there would be refreshments?
Another Tracy Davies, maybe?
When they arrived, the whole place was quiet.
Desolate.
Empty.
Harry sighed.
His hopes for an excellent future of sex and debauchery was lost.
Sometimes, he really wanted to rape something.
Like...
He glanced at Zeus.
Didn't that dog look- He vomited in his mouth.
Maybe no.
f the first floor was a god, the second floor was Harry Hardwin Potter himself.
It was a wide space, nearly as wide as the Great Hall at Hogwarts, but twice as clean.
And extremely erotic.
The fountain at the centre of the room ejected water into a pool, filling the air with soft burbling.
Circular tables were placed here and there, with plates and glasses on top, and a throne stood proudly at the opposite end of the room.
Above, a chandelier glinted with a smooth, sultry aura that cloaked the whole place with the thrill of forbidden pleasure.
The forbidden pleasure of the paintings on the walls.
Becaise between every pair of lamps, a painting of either nude women, dead women, roasted women, abused women, women with a few magical beasts that were very male, could be found.
So there was a party, Harry noted intelligently.
The statue of the fish burbled, and squirted out more water in reply.
It was just bereft of participants, was all.
"Let's get outta here!"
Zeus said.
"We need to kill that bitch first, remember?"
Harry sighed, striding towards the balcony.
There were a few female statues there.
Perhaps he should animate them and relieve himself first.
Something thudded to the floor and rolled to his feet.
Harry absently kicked it away, a cloud of thoughts brewing in his mind.
He decided that when he was done with the snake man, he would find that naughty Hestia.
He would deal with her before going back to Astoria, to which he would declare his undying love, knock her up while he enslaved everyone else,- A soft gasp rudely interrupted his thoughts.
God growled.
"Uh, Harry..." timidly said Zeus from behind.
"What, kiddo?"
asked Harry irritably, turning to face the dog.
Zeus was holding up a circular, tragic looking beauty between his teeth: A human head.
"Where'd ya get that from?
Also, stop interrupting me!"
He got a closer look.
The temperature plunged as the moon swept dangerously close to the earth.
Complete darkness fell over a few other continents.
Oceans began rising.
Harry lifted his head slowly.
Hisses, the hissing sounds that a kettle makes, pierced the peaceful gushing of the fountain.
Around him, translucent sheens of magic that hadn't been there were eaten away like acid, revealing the presence of a few other people.
Harry nodded hello to the party guests.
Hera, Zeus, Mab, Thor, Morrigan, Hecate, Ares, and many more exciting morsels stood with the masked and robed figures that were scattered around everywhere.
Some sat on tables.
Some bathed in the fountain.
Some stood on the balcony.
It didn't change anything, though.
Where they were, whatever they were doing.
It didn't make them safer.
It didn't make them GOD!
Boy were they in for an ass raping.
Dementors revealed themselves to be stationed all around like security guards to a nightclub, breathing a heavy mist into the room.
"Ahem," a high pitched voice said.
Glowing laser orbs flicked towards the throne, which wasn't empty any longer.
Voldemort wore a crown of sapphires and emeralds, his slitted, red eyes glinting with fire.
A hand rested on his armrest, lazily holding a bony wand.
The other held up a headless and naked body.
Beside him, Hestia the bloated ex-slut tittered.
It was the body of Astoria Greengrass.
"Welcome, Harry Potter.
We're so glad you could join us," Voldemort murmurred.
A wave of polite laughter swept through the audience.
"I believe this was yours."
With superhuman strength, he threw the body onto the floor.
It landed with a thump in front of God.
"It disgusts me to hold her."
The temperature in the room seemed to drop even further.
Lights flickered.
Harry sighed, shaking his head.
He had thought Voldemort would make a good little cherub, but no!
Voldemort just had to make this personal, didn't he?
Killing Harry's favourite toy was the last straw, and he wasn't going to take it anymore!
"Okie dokie."
The moon returned to orbit.
Sunlight blasted through the windows with a vengeance.
The temperature raised.
Everyone looked in astonishment as Harry smiled.
Then he clapped twice.
The sword of Griffindor appeared in his right hand.
In his other, piles of junk did, so he made sure to levitate the ones that threatened to fall.
The sounds and noises stopped.
"Hello there, boys!"
Harry's voice rang through the quiet room.
"Let me show you a real magic trick!"
The trash rose so that all could see.
The gods and death eaters followed them, spellbound.
"Avada Kedavra!"
Voldemort suddenly boomed, shooting up.
"Don't let him destroy those-" But he was too late.
The piles of trash vanished in a brilliant flash of light.
Voldemort gasped, eyes aglow with intense beams of yellow, and dropped like a sack.
It seemed he didn't enjoy being bombarded by seven hundred and fifty six soul shards at once- and that wasn't evem counting the grains of sand!
His minions watched in horror, their gazes divided between their obviously wounded master and Harry, who had caught the killing curse in his hands.
"What have you done to him, Potter!"
Hestia shrieked, as Harry clenched his fist.
The killing curse dissipated.
Smiling, Harry jumped onto Zeus.
The dog pawed the ground.
"Arresting your skinny boy is all."
The tension snapped.
With roars of rage, the battle began.
Spells sailed from the death eaters.
Some attacked one another, for they were confused.
Dementors rushed forward.
Deities- or lack thereof- raised their weapons, chanting an increasingly convoluted string of garbage.
Harry giggled, allowing the sea of colourful spells passage.
Tables were thrown into the air.
Lamps shattered.
He rammed his sword through the neck of the nearest false one he could reach- Atropos, the name entered his mind instinctively.
Lightning blasted a few death eaters into the wall.
"You die, Potter!"
a death eater howled.
His wand banished a table at Zeus.
The dog threw his head to the side and the table flew, bouncing off a few spells and slamming into Morrigan and her boyfriend.
Thal-whatever.
They were hurled off the balcony.
Slinging as many severing charms as he could, the death eater backed away.
Harry gutted another one.
A nearby dementor swooped right in front of him, sucked in a deep breath- And choked.
"That's impossible!"
the death eater cried.
All the dementors wailed, hastily retreating through the walls.
Narrowly avoiding the falling chandelier, Harry gave a little smile.
"Yes, I know."
The fountain exploded.
Zeus leaped.
Harry swung the sword.
In a shower of blood, the death eater's head flew into the chaos.
His body fell to the rubble.
They charged again, and this time decapitated Hera, who couldn't even restrain herself from fucking herself right in the middle of the battle.
Her head whacked Ares in the head, who gave a bellow.
Perhaps it was a war cry, for the other gods seemed to gather their wits.
The air grew heated, power charging through every molecule, down to its very electron.
The onslaught of spells stopped.
The death eaters edged away.
"Kill that bastard!"
the god of war shouted.
The deities lunged.
One grabbed Zeus' legs, and promptly fainted from the dog's pungence.
Two deities came at once, flanking God on both sides.
Lightning blasted them out of the balcony, into the night, as three more blurred forward, their swords and shields glinting.
Harry snapped his still crackling fingers.
They popped.
"Rarrrr!"
Ares garbled, raising his spear, drool sprouting from his mouth.
Eyes flickering towards a paling Zeus cowering in the corner with Hestia naked by his side, sucking his cock dutifully, Harry smiled in challenge.
The atmosphere turned into one of... Huh.
War.
Remaining death eaters glanced at one another, raising their wands.
"Come get some!"
Harry boomed.
Probably thinking that now would be a great time to wake from his nap, Voldemort suddenly rose.
"No-" Ares sprinted forward.
A stream of purple fire billowed from his golden spear's glowing tip, lighting up a few overturned tables.
Zeus galloped right at him.
In a flash of gold, the spear was thrust at Harry, who grabbed its head and yanked it towards him.
Ares stumbled forward.
A certain supercharged horn glinted.
Screams.
Ares convulsed as electricity overran him, as his masculinity was utterly obliterated, the lights in his eyes blowing like a fuse.
Smoke billowed from his flesh.
Skin burnt.
Harry released the spear.
The god of war slumped over.
Static fizzed.
"Well!
That was fun!"
Harry alighted, squatted down, and prompty sank the sword through Ares' heart.
Blood soaked the war god's robes as his last breath escaped, lost in the music of the flames in the background.
Harry stood.
Around him, the death eaters, Zeus and Hestia were down on their knees, their heads bowed in reverence.
Harry blinked.
He slapped himself, and blinked again.
Zeus the dog hacked in amusement.
Even Voldemort had his mouth hanging open.
"We pledge ourselves to you, master.
Let us serve you.
Oh, our good master.
Spare us!"
In unison, they raised their hands, and layed it on the floor.
They repeated this a few times.
"We are undeserving of your mercy, your lordship, but if you-" "Enough of this!"
Voldemort shrieked.
He ascended into the air, his black robes billowing behind him, and landed on the remains of the fountain.
Harry arched a dainty brow.
"We shall see who is the true victor here, Potter!"
"Cool.
But remember, I have your horcruxes pretty much destroyed," Harry told the serpentine man mournfully.
Voldemort's eyes glowed with such resentment that they nearly were shooting laser beams of their own, but didn't because he hadn't come to enjoy the benefits of transcendence yet.
It suddenly became terribly humid.
Harry shrugged, unperturbed by the (very mortal) man's anger.
"Why're yeh so angry, man."
Voldemort didn't speak.
The silence could have crushed the world.
Then the sword of Gryffindor leaped into Harry's hands and he broke it.
"Anyway, last one here!"
He playfully waved it around.
Voldemort's fist clenched.
The sword whipped out of Harry's grasp and into his hands.
Harry smiled.
Goodie!
At the same time, everyone on their knees gasped at such disrespect,- for how could that snake man do that to literal God!- and began to murmur amongst themselves.
"Let us kill him for you, master!"
Hestia cried.
Harry's head swivelled, and his icy gaze landed on her.
She shivered.
Silence fell.
After a few moments, he turned back to a preening Voldemort.
"Well then, as I was saying, most of your horcruxes have been destroyed except that one over there."
Harry nudged his head at the sword, which was currently being used to pick the bastard's teeth.
"Enjoy the parts of your soul back, for it shall soon be go-" A gleam entered Voldemort's eye.
"I hope you have enjoyed this, Potter.
Destroying souls.
My soul."
Pasty skin was pulled back as his face stretched into a grin.
"Turning into a killer.
Becoming that which you swore to destroy."
Harry didn't bother telling the stupid bitch that dear Herpo had gotten tricked into thinking that he could split his soul, because, seriously?
Horcruxes only stretched them like rubber bands and tied dislodged soul parts to objects.
Voldemort wouldn't understand, being as stupid as he was.
To be arrogant enough to think one had such power over the soul?
Ha!
Only Harry did!
"Are you happy?"
Voldemort whispered.
He threw his head back, and laughed.
"Enjoy your victory."
Before Harry could reply, Voldemort vanished in a whirl of inky smoke.
Zeus immediately began pouncing on a nearby corpse, and tore into its flesh.
Hera's, it seemed.
Through this, Harry thought.
The true and living God tilted his head as his worshippers gushed over him again.
Was he happy?
He summoned Astoria's head and body from the chaos, and examined them closely for the first time.
They were bloodied from the battle.
Soot lined her cheeks.
Her eyes were wide open, her purple eyes.
A few cuts grazed her body, and it felt a tad sticky with dried fluids on her chest and back.
White stains marred her once beautiful legs which were now dislodged, with a few bones jutting out.
Huh.
He looked around, at the burning carnage, at his worshippers, who were literally licking the floor.
Was he?
He was, wasn't he?
This was what he'd wanted.
Albeit fickle mindedly.
Astoria's body crumbled into chunks of grey, ashy rock and fell apart.
They disappeared before they could reach the bloodied floor.
"Yo Zeus!"
God boomed.
The dog tilted his head upwards.
"I say we rape Hestia right now."
Hestia panted like an eager dog.
(Perhaps what Harry was about to do couldn't be called rape anymore with Hestia being a very willing recepient, seeing as how she was begging to be knocked up by his seed, but Harry didn't want to think that.
He was evil now) And you know what?
Harry enjoyed i.
arry was bored.
Ever since he took over Voldemort's kingdom, he'd done a great many things.
Like travelling the cosmos, for one.
He flew.
He departed his earthly shell.
He ascended, and he saw everything.
All the stars in the sky, the black holes, the white holes, galaxies, systems, planets... And it was beautiful and vast and awe-inspiring.
But nothing compared to him!
As for other side habits, he'd gotten Hestia to be his little pet wife.
Hestia, the ex-virgin goddes, constantly wrapped around him.
Sometimes literally.
He'd also started conquering the world.
Not personally, mind.
That woulda been boring.
He used the armies dear Tomie had amassed.
He wasn't dumb.
Also, he time travelled, leading to many shenanigans like meeting the three brothers on the bridge, cackling and messing their lives up, causing all sorts of historical revolutions and also was the cause of many things in his life.
Especially the hallows.
And the resurrectiom stone on the floor a while back.
Also, harems!
Because he was growing tired of it all, Harry decided to pay a visit to Azazel again today.
So he did.
He lamded on the terribly vexxing sand just outside his shack, with Zeus in tow, and rubbed his hands together.
Excellent.
It was still standing, then.
Harry poked his head through the door, and shrugged.
Eh.
He jumped right inside.
Zeus trotted eagerly behind, his happy pants barely heard over the shrieking winds.
"Ah, hello Azazel," Harry greeted.
"Hiya, Harry!"
Azazel chirped.
God waved to the winged creature, who waved back (or tried to), and, sensing a presence, turned his head.
The pale form of Voldemort burnt his eyes.
The winds became scorching.
"And you.
How the hell did you find my shack, anyway, snake!"
Harry growled, clenching his fists.
The dog quietly edged towards the fallen angel, who watched the proceedings happily.
Voldemort gave Harry a once over, a handsome smile that was not at all a leer peeling his pasty facial skin back.
Beautiful!
Imagine being pregnant with his babies!
Harry smiled in return, his cock shrinking to the size of an ant.
"You wish for revenge, Harry?"
Voldemort whispered, interrupting his thoughts.
A familiar, bone white wand slipped into his spidery fingers.
Harry's smile grew.
Voldemort took a step back, nostrils flaring, as his breaths quickened.
But he did not let the fear affect him so.
He would show that Potter!
"Do you wish to know about Astoria's downfall first?"
he gleefully asked, crimson eyes glittering.
"It was you, your carele-" Azazel's wings suddenly beat angrily.
"Not a good distraction, boy.
When will you learn?"
Zeus barked in agreement.
Harry, who was tempted to slice Voldemort up to pieces already because he was being way too cliched, found himself nodding, and sent a grateful smile to his old friend.
Really?
Talking to distract him?
How stupid.
That did remind him, though, of the time when he was captured by the raiders a few years back... As he was saying.
The point was that they could have some fun now!
"Thank you, Azazel," said Harry, drawing his sword like a gallant knight with a swish.
God turned bodily to Voldemort, who stupidly hadn't moved since he'd sunk into a stupor.
"Are you ready for a miracle!"
Thunder boomed.
A dim, silver glow could be seen shrouding the sword.
"Now now.
You don't have to be so impatient," Voldemort shrilly declared, and conjured a wooden stool at the far end of the room.
"Take a seat."
With both hands gripping its hilt, Harry raised his sword.
"Oh, I don't think so."
He pounced.
The sword slammed down as a semi-corporeal shield burst into existence between them, meeting it with a thunderous bang.
Lamps shattered.
Zeus barked in the background.
Lifting his arms again, Harry swung down once more.
With a louder bang, the shield broke and he found himself hurled through the door by a wave of magical power.
Bounce, bounce, skid.
On the blazing sand.
A protrusion on the ground entered his puckered thing, and he gave an "Arrrghhhhhhh!"
Angrily, he glared at where Voldemort was pressumed to be: in his property.
His sweet property.
The winds froze.
Clouds gathered.
How dare that stupid bitch throw him out of his own sweet creation and cause his ass to be so thoroughly spiked with liquid magma!
How The shack burst into roaring flames.
Harry blinked.
Oh well.
It was a dump anyway.
And on second thoughts he had allowed himself to feel that for fun.
So the blame was on him.
Standing, God trudged back towards the burning shack, silently wondering if Zeus was still alive, 'cause if that dog wasn't, he would have to make arrangements for a new one.
The skies lightened.
The winds calmed, warming slightly, gently molesting his face as his mood improved.
Then Voldemort appeared in front of him and ripped the sword from his hands.
"Potter..." the seventy plus and absolutely handsome, noseless man hissed, running a hand over the blade.
Harry raised an eyebrow.
"Die!"
The sword flung out only to clang against his adam's apple.
Voldemort shrieked.
"You stupid unkillable fool!"
His free hand waved.
Winds with the power to place a hole in one's head blew in Harry's face.
Harry blinked.
His nose itched!
"That tickles!"
Giggling girlishly, he mockingly blew a kiss, fluttering his lashes.
Voldemort flew.
Harry gave chase, running at the speed of sound while leaving behind trails of dust.
The mortal had barely graced the horrid sand when God leaped, his holly wand appearing fluidly in his hand.
He buried it into Voldemort's neck.
"Zappy zappy!"
Harry boomed.
His voice washed over the desert as Voldemort began convulsing.
"Zappy zappy!
Zappy zappy!"
His wand smoked as more and more electricity was poured out.
Static hissed.
Fizzed.
Voldemort gave out unearthly scream after scream, his crimson eyes watering, his nostrils widening monumentally to accomodate for the copious amounts of inky snot flooding out.
"Powah!"
The skies rumbled as they sent vibrations through the earth, and a white hot bolt of lightning arced down and smote the smoking form of Voldemort.
Harry giggled.
The skies emitted more rumbles as he summoned the sword from where it'd fallen, amidst gurgles.
Blessing it with his unholy essence, he kneeled down and severed the mortal's arms and legs, before he set the rest on fire.
Harry tsked, getting up.
The somehow still alive mortal glared up at him with so much hatred, it burnt his heart.
When would they learn... "You were my son, Tom Riddle!
I loved you!"
He threw the sword away.
Then a thought struck him.
"Well, your mom!
I turned her into a hot chick and impersonated your father, then banged her."
The bleeding torso spat at him.
Harry sidestepped.
He scratched his beard, staring into the sky.
The sun was setting.
Orange beams of light were slowly dimming, sinking away... How hopeless.
Well, he had tried to break it as nicely to his kiddo as possible!
His creation just didn't like it, and like a good father, Harry would oblige to its wishes.
"And then I abandoned her.
Bye bye."
He disapparated.
A few moments he apparated back.
"Oh, and I returned her that look you only get when your ancestors do incest too much."
Voldemort gave an enraged gargle, blood soaking into the sand.
The flames brightened.
He tried screaming, and only managed a hoarse growl.
Harry looked down in pity.
"Sorry, son.
I have failed you.
Also I didn't bother saving her even though I was watching her entire birthing process."
He chuckled.
The winds became playful, causing the flames to explode and dance on the horribly wounded mortal's torso.
Voldemort managed another hoarse cry.
"No offence."
Then Harry silently disappeared again.
Voldemort must have passed out, for when he awoke, it was dark, with the flames around him illuminating his immediate surroundings.
A vague shadow suddenly loomed over him and he tilted his burning, reddish head upwards hopefully.
His hopes were crushed.
The creature, that filthy winged animal, that foul hybrid... it towered over him.
And to his growing horror it didn't have shackles.
At all.
For the first time, well, umpteenth time ever, Tom riddle was afraid.
He was so going to die for insulting its lack of motherly figures in its life.
Even though he had also been referring to himself at that point and his insult rammed many shiny swords into his colon (it felt like anal fisting basically, except times a million, something he especially had loved when his lover, Severus Snape, was still alive).
"Nah this is all in your head," Azazel cheerfully informed him.
"I'm just visiting for fun."
A dog came up from behind and urinated on his face.
And Voldemort was grateful.
It reduced the intensity of the flames, albeit adding salt to the wounds.
Bliss.
Blisssssssss, the sword of gryffindor seemed to hiss.
"Sweet dreams!"
Zeus the dog delivered a kick with its paw, and Voldemort's world went black.
When Voldemort awoke, he was in a dark room.
Surrounded by rocky humanoids.
With cosmic phalluses.
"Heard you liked this," Harry Potter said while stepping out of the darkness.
Voldemort thought.
The room filled to the brim with water... only for the water to evaporate.
No, boil.
His already burnt body seemed to die.
"Kinky bastard, didn't know ya liked this so much.
Anyway, I'm off to see Hestia now, bye!"
And that was the last thing Tom Marvolo Riddle ever heard before the humanpids came at him with blinding speed.
His last, idle thought, while watching the humanoids that seemed to quake the earth with each step?
Force equals to mass times acceleration.
He soon died.
Harry cackled at the death of his so.
 truly magnificent day, it was.
The hidden castle of the Lord hung midair (as usual) with every single satellite there was clustered above its position.
Broadcasting.
Ravens screeched.
Eagles carried children away from their parents.
The sun shone brightly on all the inhabitants of the earth, smiling down on its creator Harry Hadrian Potter, God almighty.
The aforementioned God was currently lounging on his golden, glowing throne in his throne room.
A crown of fire and ice donned his head, a contrast of blue and orange battling for dominance, splendour that flared the place with such...nothing.
Because hot and cold equals bullshit.
Servants, slaves, concubines and whatnot littered the place, the streaming sunlight casting them in a white, warm sheen as they walked past the windows.
Constantly chattering.
Filling the place with noise cultured, well mannered noise as demanded by the civilised God of the new age, sure, but noise nonetheless.
Unlike Astoria's music.
Harry stroked his Dumbledore-esque beard wisely, his head soaked in memories and sentimental thoughts.
Scurrying rats and dogs!
Beside him, Zeus growled as if he'd heard that.
The floating retriever woofed angrily, and ploughed his horn harder into the nubile woman's you-know-what, elicting a guttural scream.
Harry flicked his eyes downwards.
Who was the nubile woman, you might ask.
Well, it was the naked and whimpering Hestia draped over his lap, her belly swollen with child.
Hail the one true virgin goddess.
She screamed again as Zeus thrusted his horned head once more.
Static crackled.
Snapped.
"Oh, m-m-master, knock me up again!"
the worthless bitch moaned in that shrill voice of hers.
"U-use your mammoth cock!
N-not t-the h-ohhhh!"
Blood trickled from her... that thoroughly used orifice.
Eh.
Cunt.
Harry nearly cackled.
Virgin?
Ha!
Pregnant.
With horse sized doggy mutants.
Lovely, truly lovely.
But it didn't change the fact that Harry needed to correct her.
Her mistakes kept resurfacing.
Hestia sure was a naughty one.
Thunder rocked the air, making everyone tense.
A hush fell over the room, the slapping of flesh against thick fur stopping as Zeus glided to the place beside his Lord's throne, and lightly alighted on all fours.
Breaths were held.
The ticking of the clock seemed extremely loud and the people were afraid, so afraid that they wanted it to shut the fuck up already, couldn't that lump of metal see Pant, pant.
"Woof!"
A whipcrack of thunder.
Harry dramatically exploded.
"Who the hell did you call master, you worthless speck of filth!"
boomed the God of all, his voice shaking the castle.
The heavens.
A pale, muscular hand lifted her head by her hair.
Frightened eyes met pure, cosmic white ones.
"Only I am your master.
Do you understand?"
God roughly shook her.
Hestia's pretty mouth trembled.
Harry chuckled.
Then he threw her into the crowd below.
The noise returned.
Everyone raised their hands as if to catch the bitch, for they wanted to defile the ex-virgin, too.
"Me!
Me!
Hey-" "You got her last wee-" "Arrrgh!"
"Sex sex sex se-" Fights rippled through the crowd of people.
But it ended quicker than one would expect.
Soon, they were all on the floor, doing whatever sexual acts they wanted with one another.
Shaking his head fondly, Harry sank back on his throne.
They really were a bunch, following his perfect, good example.
Zeus stuck his tongue out, but Harry paid the dog no mind, scratching its ears absently as he thought.
Fun had been the past few years.
Aside from travelling the overtly boring universe, gaining harems and conquering the world whilst giving all puppies the rights to r-mate with any girl they saw and visiting Azazel, Harry'd also gotten a side habit.
The spice in his life, if you will.
Killing Voldemort over and over again was its highlight.
Harry could never get over the novelty of killing his son every time he returned.
It was sweet.
It was delicious.
It was the rule of three.
Last week's fun was testament to that.
"Aww, how cute!
How my baby boy has grown!"
Harry cooed.
The sight not much further than twenty feet away couldn't have been more beautiful.
Having stormed through the castle just to come visit his father's humble abode?
His son?
Harry melted, both at that thought and at what he was seeing.
The skeletally thin Voldemort.
Wearing a floral skirt and blouse.
"Finally have come out as a transgender, haven't ya?
Don't worry, daddy will always love you."
Voldemort shrieked.
And Harry now knew why Voldemort had chosen to wear that.
Such feminine qualities!
His voice!
Meanwhile, ire had manifested itself in Tommy's glowing, red eyes as his wand became a blur only to find himself in the desert.
With Harry sitting on a wooden chair five feet away.
A growl.
The wand blurred again.
And the sand erupted.
Jets of light crackled as they flew, flying at God, as numerous gigantic serpents of flame rose high into the air, roaring and hissing.
They spat tongues of orange flame, sizzled the cactuses, slithering toward him.
Not batting an eye, Harry thought.
It happened within a second: The sword of Gryffindor changed and lengthened, morphing into a vaguely humanoid shape.
The humanoid became heavier.
Harry dropped the naked body in disgust as Tom Riddle's eyes flew open, his pallid, stretched skin peeling as he moved dazedly.
The spells stopped.
"Damn you Po-!"
Then another flaming serpent darted down and clasped Voldemort the second in its mouth, and Tom Riddle disappeared in a flare of colour, screaming.
"I will commit patricide ag-" Harry smiled.
Voldemort suddenly couldn't talk.
Couldn't whine about the death of himself at his own hands.
The fires extinguished.
Serpents fell to the floor, but not before diminishing, shrinking while they writhed their descent.
Smoke filled the air, winds howled joyfully... And then Harry Potter decapitated his son with a blade of melting ice, killing him once and for all.
God cackled.
No one in the throne room paid him any attention seeing as how they were having an orgy fest Except Zeus.
As for why Harry'd decided to murder his fun once and for all?
Azazel had just offered him a chance to get rid of Jesus Christ once and for all, stinking imposter that he was.
Grrr!
Zeus had chimed in too, offering him the powers of time travel on that one night when Harry was sodomizing a gay man.
And a horse.
Simultaneously.
"I have the power to save the one you love!
You must chooooose!"
And that was that.
Harry didn't know why he believed that Zeus would have the power, nor why Azazel even gave two shits about that false slime, but... Whatever.
And God had to say, he would enjoy it for sure.
He looked down.
Below him was chaos and madness and just the epitome of goodness in the world.
Children... animals... freedom... What more could he say except "I am God."
May the earth quake.
May many thunderings shake the world.
May they all worship the true and living God, who has already conquered the world.
Thunder boomed.
Lightning flashed; Branches and walls of blinding, electrifying light.
Harry apparated out and shook his fist at the greying skies.
Emerald eyes beamed plasmas and lasers and pure Godliness into the heavens, into space.
Below, the earth was worshipping his very name.
The God of the new age's very name, and the huge beast he sided with.
"I am God, you hear me!"
Rain fell.
They were- are salty, as if some unknown entity is crying for its people.
Which in dumb, in Harry's opinion.
And in the castle, with his teeth, his very being glowing unnaturally, beautifully, snowy white?
Zeus smirks.
Azazel follows.
