A/N This is a rather short chapter because I enjoyed the way it built up and really wanted to add some suspense.
Immediately after leaving the trophy room Ron decided to lunge out at Hermione's wrists to halt her rather expedited exit. "
'Mione, I'm right here.
Please!
I need you to talk to me."
"There's nothing to say Ron.
Voldemort's dead and so is Harry.
", she whispered.
"I just need a moment or two by myself to try to straighten my head out.
I'm sorry, but I need a bit of solitude for that to happen.
Please understand that."
" 'Mione, don't shut me out.
I need you just as badly as you need me right now.
So let's head up to the Gryffindor dorms and have a chat.
I just lost my best mate.
I need my girlfriend now more than ever."
replied Ron with a morose look on his dirt and tear-stained face.
"Ronald, I'm not shutting you out and we may have kissed, but that doesn't mean we're together.
It's just a bit presumptuous to assume that right now.
", Hermione replied tersely.
"I don't know what we are.
Please, I need a moment alone to figure all of this out.
We just lost Harry.
I'm pretty sure that I killed for the first time.
Even if it was Greyback I still killed someone!
I still don't know what to think of 'us'.
Plus I don't even know if my parents are alive!
Please I need a moment to myself!"
Hermione had broken down once more.
She fell to the floor incapable of holding herself up any longer.
She was too drained from the events of the last 30 or so hours.
It was all just becoming too much for her.
Ron blanched and leaned down next to Hermione. "
'Mione I need you.
We can figure all that out later, but I need you 'Mione."
Then he grabbed her cheeks and moved closer to her luscious lips.
Hermione scrambled out of his reach and jumped to her feet.
Glaring into Ron's soul she yelled, "It's always about you isn't Ronald!
And for the last FUCKING TIME IT'S HERMIONE!"
She stormed away from him up the grand staircase with no place in mind except to escape Ronald Bloody Weasley and for the solitary she so desperately required.
Ginny who had watched from a doorway nearby with tears still falling croaked out, "Bloody Hell Ron!
Do you see how broken she is right now?!
What in MERLIN'S name possessed you to try to kiss her!
Sure, you just lost your best mate, but you weren't his.
She was and he was hers.
So maybe like she said think about someone besides your bloody fucking self."
"What do you mean she was his best mate!
I was!
I always stood..." "If you finish that sentence I will curse you.
Family or not you abandoned my beloved Harry.
She never once did.
She needs to be held and to feel loved right now!
Get off your arse and go after her and don't you dare open your bloody mouth or try to kiss her right now!"
The anger and pain that followed Ginny's lecture was so intense Ron scrambled away as quickly as he possibly could and nearly tripping over the rubble along the grand staircase in fear of her wrath.
If had stayed he would've realized all Ginny wanted was to be held by Harry.
She leaned upon the doorway unwilling to find the rest of her family.
Ginny whispered, " I know that's what she needs because it's what I need."
Ron hurriedly climbed the stairs in a rather fruitless attempt to find Hermione, but to no avail.
He searched dozens of corridors and classrooms through the various floors in Hogwarts incapable of finding her.
Eventually the realization hit him that she'd only be found when she's ready struck like a stinging hex.
Ron figured the best way to accommodate her was to wait for her in the Gryffindor common room.
So he ended abandoning his earlier quest in attempt to give her the time she asked for.
Within minutes he found himself in front of the fireplace in the Gryffindor common room on one of the wider sofa's sometime around eleven in the morning.
Slowly Ron watched his family and fellow Gryffindorians trickle into the common room.
Most headed to the dorms, but Charlie Weasley and Seamus Finnigan who decided to crash on a couple of the sofas scattered through the common room.
Almost instantly the trauma and physicality of the door caught up with him and went from adrenaline rush to dead to the world asleep.
But had he of gone to his dorm room he might've seen a rather peculiar sight.
Up in the Gryffindor dorms.
In particular the 7th year dorms there was a single four poster bed that had its curtains drawn shut.
What made it so peculiar was that it was Harry's four poster bed.
Neville was slightly confused, but assumed Ginny had taken solace there in attempt to hide from everyone else.
As much as he wanted to say something he figured better of it due to exhaustion and the fact she'd probably hex him if he tried.
Upon leaving Ronald, Hermione realized that where she needed to be was infact the Ronald's dorm.
She needed to be there to try to connect with her best mate though.
Not self-absorbed Ronald Bilius Weasley.
After reaching the 7th year dorms she headed straight for Harry's bed.
Immediately closing the curtains and placing a dozen charms to keep them shut and silencing the closed in area.
The very next moment she screamed.
She screamed until she was hoarse and unable to move or make sound.
Her whole had shattered not just once, but twice in less than an hour.
Seeing Harry carried in Hagrid's arms believing that he was dead was horrific.
Yet witnessing him actually die was much worse then she could have ever imagined.
What followed was a nightmare induced sleep where she watched him die practically on repeat.
"Hermione... Hermione... Hermione..." "Ha-Harry is that you?"
Hermione asked groggily.
Then the realization hit her once more Harry's dead.
Before she could open her eyes the voice spoke once more.
"I'm sorry Hermione."
Instantly she attempted to hop out of bed only to encounter resistance.
She screamed and cast the counter-spells to release her from her self-imposed confinement and scrambled down the stairs.
It was dark in the common room.
There were a handful of the fighters scattered in the common room couches, but none of them were Harry.
With tears filling her eyes she turned to head back up the stairs he called to her once more.
"Please forgive me Hermione."
That's when she saw an old yellow tome that practically glowed in a corner in the common room on a desk.
She could feel Harry's aura radiating from the tome.
"Harry?
", she whispered.
No response.
If Hermione had been in her right state of mind things may have played out differently.
But she wasn't in even a semi decent state of mind.
No her mind was shattered into tiny pieces each more fragile then the last.
So she walked over to the tome and opened it.
"I'm sorry Hermione she made me call you", Harry exclaimed.
"Harry?
Is it really you?
", Hermione whispered.
"Hermione drop the book and run.
RUN...", Harry's voice was cut off by a pleasant sounding feminine voice.
"I would like to apologize for his behavior first off.
Secondly, I'd like to know if you want him back."
There was something about the voice.
It seemed eerily familiar even though Hermione knew she'd never heard it before.
It oozed strength, confidence, and most importantly it was dripping with venom.
But for Hermione didn't care about any of that.
She wanted to answer the question and there was only one answer.
Her head was screaming to drop the book and run like Harry told her to.
But it was her heart that answered for her.
"YES!
I'll do anything just bring him back to me.
", she cried tears flowing freely once more.
"Good.
", the voice replied with a sinister overtone.
Instantly Hermione was screaming.
The tome was cursed.
Thousands of blue sparks covered her body.
Each sparked that danced around her body was more intense and painful then the previous one.
Her scream woke everyone in the Gryffindor tower.
Ron, Charlie, and Seamus leapt from the couches and froze in horror as Hermione started to hover over the floor.
Her body glowing as the blue sparks swarmed her.
Her screams reaching a higher pitch with each passing second.
Neville who heard the scream from his dorm ran straight into the door nearly blowing it off its hinges fearing that remaining Death Eaters were attempting one last assault.
Dean was right behind him and just as ready.
They took the stairs four at a time.
As soon as he reached the common room landing he saw Hermione hovering in place with some type of blue spark covering her entire body screaming in utter agony.
Neville saw the tome she was clutching so tightly that blood was dripping from her fingertips.
Neville wasn't stunned,but seemed to understand something had to be done immediately.
He banished the book from her grasp causing Hermione to collapse upon the ground an go quite silent.
Neville ran over to Hermione picking her still frame off the floor.
Neville started yelling at any of the individuals filling common room," WE NEED TO GET HER TO MADAME POMFREY NOW!"
"FAT LADY'S GONE DOOR WON'T BUDGE!
", yelled Charlie.
"MOVE!
", screamed George.
"BOMBARDA MAXIMA!"
"PROTEGO", Arthur Weasley hollered just in time to protect the rooms occupants.
"Molly tell Minerva to meet us in the Hospital Wing!"
A large hole appeared where the portrait entrance once stood.
Neville sprinted out the door carrying what seemed to be a deceased Hermione down to the first floor followed closely by half a dozen friends.
A/N All that was implied between Ron and Hermione at the beginning was snogging.
Nothing sexua.
/N I appreciate all the reviews and I'm very grateful for those who have enjoyed this story even if you haven't left a review I do value that fact that many have either Favorited or Followed this story in it's beginning stages As Neville carried Hermione through halls and down the stair wells George and Charlie found it necessary to sprint ahead and clear the debris and rubble out of his way.
Even with their assistance the group had to take detours since many of the halls had collapsed from the damage from the battle and several stairways were out of commission.
Neville was growing weak as they made it to the third floor staircase, but insisted they push forward.
He knew they were running out of time.
"Alright only two more sets of stairs everybody.
", Ron yelled trying to encourage their group.
Hermione was growing paler by the minute and he couldn't lose her too.
"Let's go..." Charlie grabbed Ron's shirt and threw him backwards to avoid a rather unfortunate drop that would have most likely lead to his demise.
"BLOODY HELL!
The staircase FUCKING moved!
We don't have time for the stairwell to return!
", exclaimed George.
Charlie backed up until he had about a 10 meter gap from the edge.
"Get your arse out of the bloody way then!
", Charlie replied running through everyone.
He vaulted from the edge of the staircase.
Halfway through the enormous gap he cast a spell that accelerated him to the landing of the second floor landing.
Dean, seeming to understand the next step in Charlie's plan levitated Hermione and Ginny shot her forward using a banishing charm.
Charlie managed to catch her and started sprinting towards the next staircase.
A handful of fellow students had witnessed the stunts the Gryffindor group were performing carrying an unconscious Hermione and followed after them.
The Patil twins as well Susan Bones and Hannah Abbott were sprinting after them down the fourth floor stairwell directly behind Hermione's would be saviors.
Neville had instantly taken off after Charlie with Ron and Seamus following directly behind him.
The three of them jumped onto the staircase when it came within jumping distance unwilling to wait any longer then necessary.
As they ran through the second floor corridor to the staircase directly above the Hospital Wing they witnessed Professor McGonagall dash through the main entrance of the Hospital Wing.
Seconds later they entered the Hospital Wing and heard Charlie talking with Professor Flitwick and Professor Mcgonagall.
"Where is she?
", Professor McGonagall demanded.
"Hermione's in the last bed on the left.
I was watching over the wounded so Poppy could get some rest.
Poor dear has only been away for maybe two hours today, but we need her help right now.
", answered Professor Flitwick.
"I sent a patronus and a house elf to escort her here as quickly as possible."
POP.
"What happened Filius?
You said it was an emergency!
", inquired Madame Pomfrey who looked around frantically.
She had been running around the Hospital Wing for the last 30 or so hours.
"Right this was Madame.
I don't know what happened, but Hermione started screaming and then she stopped moving entirely.
", Charlie replied leading the frantic group of Professors to Hermione's bed.
Madame Pomfrey cast dozens of detection spells around Hermione.
Many came back with red sparks.
"Oh no.
This is bad, very bad.
Her heart is overworking itself.
We need to stop her heart on three.
", Madame Pomfrey looked at Professors McGonagall and Flitwick.
"One.
Two.
Three!
STUPEFY!"
"STUPEFY!"
"STUPEFY" All three cried out with their wands directly pointed at Hermione's heart.
Instantly Hermione's body stiffened.
"Renervate on three!
One!
Two!
THREE!
RENNERVATE!
", Madame Pomfrey checked for a pulse.
Nothing.
"On three once more!
ONE!
TWO!
THREE!
RENNERVATE!"
Still nothing.
Tears started to pour out the teachers eyes.
There was now a rather large crowd being held back by Mr. and Mrs. Weasley.
Many begging the teachers to save Hermione.
"RENNERVATE MAXIMA ON THREE!
", cried out Madame Pomfrey.
"ONE!
TWO!
THREE!
RENNERVATE MAXIMA!"
Ron, George, and Seamus cast the spell with the teachers this time.
Finally, Hermione's body took a deep breath.
Professor Sprout who had seen the rather large crowd gathering form outside the Grand Hall started clearing everyone out of the Hospital Wing after seeing Madame Pomfrey relax just a tad.
"I need to do another set of tests Minerva.
So if you could question those boys, as I know you're going to, please do so away from here.
", Madame Pomfrey incurred, but there was something in her tone.
It felt like fear.
"Of course Poppy.
I'll be back momentarily.
", responded Professor McGonagall who finally started breathing upon seeing Hermione stable once more.
Professor McGonagall force the group into the hall directly outside of the Hospital's entrance.
"Will someone please explain what happened here!?
", exclaimed the Professor.
"Perhaps you can explain to me why you brought a dying Hermione Granger down here Arthur.
Considering mere hours ago the only serious thing affecting her was a broken heart."
Ron winced.
"Actually Professor, I might be able to help answer.
I was asleep in the common room when it happened.
She started screaming waking the lot of us.
Me, Seamus, and Charlie that is.
Plus the rest of the tower.
It was horrifying her body started to levitate off the ground and there were blue sparks covering her entire body.
She started screaming louder and louder with each passing second.
Then Neville and Dean stormed down the stairs from our dorm and Neville banished some tome that she was holding."
"Actually mate", Seamus interjected.
"I woke up to her whisperin' near me.
Couldn't tell what she was saying, but right before she started screamin' I heard her say 'YES' rather enthusiastically.
I didn't think anything of it 'cause I was half asleep yah know.
Then like Ron said she started levitatin' and screamin' covered in them blue sparks."
"Arthur, I need you to head back up to the Gryffindor tower and find that tome.
Whatever you do don't touch it.
I'll be up there after I talk to Madame Pomfrey and see how Hermione is faring.
Neville, Charlie I cannot thank the two of you enough for your quick thinking.
She may not have made it without your actions.
", Professor McGonagall graciously thanked the group.
"Unfortunately with Hospital filled to the brim I cannot allow anyone to remain at her bedside tonight.
I'll inform all of you when she wakes."
With that Minerva turned around and strode into the Hospital once more.
She knew what those sparks meant.
It was bad.
Unmistakably bad.
As she reached Hermione's bedside Poppy was work diligently, but the fear was spreading throughout her facial fixtures with each passing second.
"Minerva her binding is gone.
This is extremely bad.
Her magic is attempting to consume its host.
There's nothing that I or anyone else is capable of doing for her now besides keeping her as comfortable as possible.
She'll have to subjugate her magic if she wishes to survive."
"But Poppy, it was you and Albus who bound her so that she would never have to worry about this happening.
Hermione's magic has always been to powerful for a child to control.
How in the world did the binding break?
From what Ronald Weasley and Seamus Finnegan described she shouldn't have even survived.
", exclaimed Minerva.
Poppy replied, "Her power is far greater than even Dumbledore's ever was and she's only 18.
It would've burned her alive while she was a child.
Hell it would burn either of us alive right now.
For that binding to break the power required would've had to match hers.
There were only two individuals powerful enough to break that binding and both died yesterday.
I don't have any idea how it happened or how it happened as quickly as it did."
Ron who had arrived back in the Gryffindor common room maybe 15 minutes prior was pacing back and forth frantic with worry.
His family members that were attempting to console him were blatantly ignored.
Clearly Madame Pomfrey was hiding something from him.
"I'm going back down to see Hermione.
", Ron declared.
Immediately his path was blocked by Dean, Bill, and his mother.
"And what do you expect to do besides get in the way Ronald?
", inquired his Mrs. Weasley.
"Think right now Ronald.
The entire Hospital Wing is still transporting all of the injured to St. Mungo's.
So, stay put until Professor McGonagall gives us an update."
"Ron you need to calm down.
You can't expect to help her in such a manic state.
", Bill stated.
"I CAN'T JUST STAY HERE!
I CAN'T LOSE HER TOO!
I CAN'T ABANdon her again...", Ron mumbled out.
"I just can't..." Neville who had went in search of Luna to inform her of what happened to Hermione was leading Luna through the rather large hole where the Fat Lady once remained.
Luna who had heard everything Ron said merely walked through everyone and gripped his shoulders.
She was crying again.
"Ronald I just heard.
How can I help?"
Ron finally had a rather long due epiphany watching Luna's pained facial expressions.
He noticed similar expressions on his family, Dean, Seamus, the Patils, Susan, Hannah, and everyone else in the room.
"Luna you can help by being here with all of us.
", Ron replied as her lead her to one of the sofa's.
The tension in the room lessened to a certain degree, but several of the individuals looked rather irked as he merely passed on the advice he was given.
"Neville good your back!
I can't seem to find that bloody tome.
', exclaimed Mr. Weasley with a tsk from Mrs. Weasley followed by a swift 'sorry dear'.
"Where exactly did you banish the tome to?"
"Honestly I can't remember the precise location.
It landed on a desk somewhere in the back corner though.
I'm not sure which one though.
I'll lend you a hand."
replied Neville.
"I'll help to dad.
", Bill added in.
After several fruitless minutes searching for the tome Professor McGonagall finally entered the common room.
Immediately Ginny ran over to her.
"Is Hermione awake?
", Ginny asked desperation flowing over her facial features.
"No.
", replied the professor.
Just by looking at her everyone in the could tell that whatever was going on was bad.
Slowly, the Weasley family's gaze moved on to Ron.
"But she's okay right?
I mean she's only sleeping right?
", asked Ron.
"Unfortunately Mister Weasley, she is a rather unstable condition losing the fight.
Madame Pomfrey is doing..." "What the BLOODY HELL does that mean!
Is she going to be okay or..." George cast the silencio charm on Ron.
"My apologies Professor.
Forgive my brother he tends to act without thinking.
Please continue."
Professor McGonagall nodded towards George.
"As I was saying Madame Pomfrey is doing everything she is capable of to aid Hermione, but there's not much that she is capable of doing.
It is likely that Madame Pomfrey can save her, but it will take every ounce of strength she possess.
I have never met an individual with the strength that Hermione possesses so I ask for all of you to believe that she will win.
She needs your support right now.
I know that have not given you a lot to work with, but the rest of the information is private and should she wake it will be with her discretion that the information be shared."
"Professor would it be okay to visit her?
", asked Luna.
"For the safety of everyone no one is allowed near here.
With everything going on in the Hospital Wing and transportation of all the injured no one is allowed in unless they themselves are injured.
She will remain in isolation until a more foreseeable time."
Several gasps could be heard throughout the common room.
Mrs. Weasley was sobbing, but most were too stunned to make a noise.
Even Ron seemed shocked and didn't attempt to remove the silencing charm.
Hermione was in an abyss.
She saw the light, but no matter how far she ran she wasn't able to reach the end.
She had been running for hours in the abyss.
What confused Hermione was that even with everything that had happened to her recently this didn't seem weird.
Those thoughts only lasted for a few minutes though.
As she ran she thought she felt tired.
Actually, she didn't feel anything.
She didn't feel sad, scared, tired, happy, or even content.
She simply didn't feel at all.
Hermione just kept running to the light at the end of the abyss because it made sense.
It didn't make sense to use logic here so she didn't bother to try.
After what seemed like hours Hermione was finally nearing the light.
As she reached out towards the light Hermione was forced to halt her progress.
A golden force had impeded her movements and forced her to a stand still.
A golden Force in the shape of Harry.
"I can't let you go any farther.
It's not your time yet."
Harry started to fade away, but whatever the mystical golden force was it remained blocking her path.
She tried to force her way though it, but was rebounded.
"Don't leave me Harry!
PLEASE!
", she was screaming.
Instantly her brain was working once more.
The tears were flowing freely once again.
"PLEASE DON'T LEAVE MEEE!"
Professor Sprout was watching over the Hospital Wing.
It was nearing seven in the morning.
She had forced Madame Pomfrey to head to back off towards her quarters around four.
But not before promising to direct the transition of the Hospital's occupants from Hogwarts to St. Mungo's and to wake her should Hermione's condition change in any way.
The last occupant had been transported to St. Mungo's 15 minutes ago leaving only Hermione now.
She was starting to drift off herself.
Hermione was one of the students ever teacher loved.
Not because she was a good student or sucked up to the teachers or even because she could answer any question that was thrown her way.
It was because she loved to learn and encouraged those around her to do the same.
It made her a joy to teach and if Pomona was honest with herself her second favorite student.
The first being Mister Longbottom of course.
No other student had ever taken up Herbology like he had.
Still watching over Hermione as she battled for her life was pure agony.
Then Pomona watched something horrifying.
Hermione took one last breath and her body became still.
Her heart nearly burst from her chest.
She summoned a pair of house elves to apparate both Minerva and Poppy to Hermione's bedside.
"What happened Pomona?
", cried out as Poppy as starting searching for no existent vitals.
"She just stopped breathing.
", whispered Pomona.
"Merlin, no.
She's stronger than this.
She has to keep fighting.
Please for the love of Merlin, don't give up Hermione.
Don't give up.
We can't lose you too.
", exclaimed Minerva.
Madame Pomfrey started to cast every healing spell that she was aware of to no avail.
Finally, after what seemed an eternity Madame Pomfrey accepted fate.
Hermione Jean Granger was gone.
"I'm sorry Minerva.
There's nothing I could do."
Poppy walked over to Minerva who had fallen to the ground for the second time in as many days over the loss of another one of her students.
Minerva had promised to protect and nurture her students.
She had failed miserably.
Incapable of saving either of her students who were forced to give their all in a war neither wished to partake in, but were forced to end.
It never should've been their fight.
They should've ended it before it had gotten that far.
As Pomona and Poppy helped raise Minerva to her feet when something truly magical happened.
Hermione's body started glowing.
Her body was bursting with a golden light.
Followed by Hermione shouting.
"EEEE!
", she screamed reaching out for Harry.
'HERMIONE!
", exclaimed all three teachers.
"Where is he!?
Where's Harry!?
", Hermione demanded confusion slowly spreading across her face as she realized she was in the Hospital Wing of Hogwarts and no longer in the abyss.
"Hermione, he died yesterday dear.
We all watched him fall.
", Minerva responded horror-struck .
Could she really have forgotten what happened to Harry?
"Was it a dream then...", Hermione whispered so quietly they weren't able to hear.
"Hermione what happened.
You were brought down here around midnight dying from an over exertion of your heart.
Only for you to truly die mere seconds ago.
Then you body starts bursting with golden light and you to nearly leaping out of bed yelling incoherently!
", demanded Madame Pomfrey.
"Tell me child what happened to you."
"I honestly don't know.
All I remember was this unbearable pain coming from these excruciating blue sparks after picking up a tome.
I also remember blacking out shortly afterwards.
I guess I must've been dreaming about Harry while I was blacked out.
", answered Hermione unwilling to divulge any of the events prior to picking up the tome or when Harry had stopped her from reaching the end of the abyss.
None of the Professors believed her, but felt it better not to push her for the time being.
There was still much to tell her and she had just died.
There was no need to force out anymore traumatic experiences from the poor girl.
A burst of magic shot out of Hermione destroying all the windows that were still standing.
The event shocked Hermione, but failed to surprise any of the Professors.
Minerva looked at Pomona.
"Professor Sprout if you could please ward the Hospital Wing and deny entry to all for the time being."
"Of course Professor.
", replied Professor Sprout who immediately cast a dozen wards preventing entry.
"Hermione those blue sparks that caused the excruciating pain you went through came from a bind on your magic.
A bind that was put in place to prevent your magic from killing you.
Before I tell you why exactly you were bound I would like to tell you a story first if you'd be willing to allow me to that is."
"You may proceed Professor.
", replied Hermione who had become instantly enraged upon finding out her magic had been bound.
Minerva took a deep, calming breath.
"Thank you, Hermione.
Nearly 14 years ago there was a rather powerful girl who had no idea what she was due to being a muggleborn.
Shortly after turning four her parents had taken her out to dinner with them.
After returning home from their dinner an individual attempting to rob the family.
The mugger threatened to kill their daughter so her father jumped in front of her only to be stabbed.
The daughter started screaming.
Except her screams became raw power that literally disintegrated the robber.
Not only did it disintegrate the robber, but the child's neighbors house as well.
A family of four lived in that house.
They were disintegrated instantaneously just as the mugger was.
Mere minutes later Ministry officials arrived only to find a perfectly healthy pair of parents holding a child who blacked out.
The father, who no longer had a stab wound wasn't given a chance to figure out what had happened as both parents were stunned."
"The ministry officials figured out that the child had lost control of her magic and could feel her magic rampaging throughout the child's body.
The magic was so powerful that even an adult couldn't dream of doing what that child did untrained and they knew that her magic would burn her out and most likely all those around her.
So they did the only thing that made sense to them at the time.
They called in Albus Dumbledore to ensure their safety as well as the child's until they could relocate her to a more secure facility.
After he arrived they expressed their desire to take the child from her parents and place in her the custody of the Ministry so she could be studied by unspeakables with Dumbledore's assistance.
Dumbledore vehemently disagreed for he couldn't bare the thought of taking a child from her parents.
Especially only for the child to become a test subject.
He suggested they bind her magic so she would only be able to wield that of the average witch or wizard.
The Ministry instantly regretted involving Dumbledore, but relented to his request knowing they were incapable of controlling the child without him."
"So Dumbledore brought the child to Hogwarts where he and Madame Pomfrey performed a binding ritual.
", the professor quickly glanced at Madame Pomfrey who was displaying shame throughout her facial features.
"Not only was this his second in the last three years, but the second in the past seven centuries.
The binding ritual was quite intense since they were forced to bind more than 90% of her magic to give her the chance at a normal life and one where she wouldn't end up killing herself.
Even though the ritual nearly killed Madame Pomfrey and Headmaster Dumbledore they never regretted their decision.
The power required was nearly more than they could offer."
"WHY DIDN'T THEY GIVE THE CHILD A CHANCE BEFORE BINDING HER!
WHAT CONVINCED DUMBLEDORE THAT HE KNEW WHAT WAS BEST FOR THE LITTLE GIRL.
", exclaimed Hermione.
"The reasoning behind his actions was that he didn't one your accidental burst of magic to kill your parents after seeing what it was capable of.
He wanted you to have a chance at a normal childhood.
A normal life.
There is still no guarantee that with your binding gone that you will be strong enough to with stand it.
You'll always have to partake in caution and be weary of your magic incinerating yourself.
My poor dear.
No one will be able to help you learn control for no one is as powerful as you.
Now this is your secret.
Only the three of us, as well as Professor Flitwick are aware of your magical strength.
It is up to you to on who you tell, but I ask you do so with caution.
One last thing.
There is a letter from Gringotts beside you with a blood seal attached to it.
Only you will be able to open it.
Madame Pomfrey believes it to be Harry's Last Will and Testament.
I suggest you " Hermione's face was whiter than snow.
She understood everything that the Professor told her.
She just didn't want to accept it.
She was a killer.
An abomination.
A monster.
One thing from the story stuck out in her mind.
"Harry was the other binding wasn't he.
", Hermione stated rather than inquired.
"Yes", replied Professor McGonagall.
After she answered all three witches cleared the wards and left Hermione to have the solitude she require.
ermione just sat in her bed frozen.
She was attempting to contemplate what she had been told.
She understood why Dumbledore did what he did, but she refused to forgive him.
If he hadn't binded her magic so tightly she could've saved Harry!
Hell, Harry probably wouldn't have even needed saving considering he had been binded as well.
For all the good Dumbledore did he had cause Harry's death and for that she would never forgive him.
And for that matter was she binded tighter than Harry or less.
How powerful were they actually.
So many questions and she will have the answers.
After all, Dumbledore was still in the headmaster's office.
Hermione was now dead set on heading to the headmaster's office and forcing some answers from a bloody painting grabbed the edge of her bed frame to hop down when her gaze settled on a letter.
A letter from Gringotts.
The one with a blood seal indicating inheritance.
She froze.
Once again Hermione was being forced to accept that Harry was dead.
As she picked up the letter the seal pricked her finger breaking the seal.
There was a message attached to the will.
So, if you're getting this I didn't make it Hermione.
I can't tell you how sorry I am for failing and leaving everything to you.
I'd include Ron, but we both know that it'll be you since you'll be the only one dedicated to the task at hand.
He's practically my brother, but I don't think he understands just how important what we are doing is.
So, before we raid the ministry I asked Remus to do me a favor.
He was outraged at first for what I asked of him.
He did relent though.
He agreed to deliver Gringotts my Last Will and Testament.
I wish that we could have a had simpler life.
Bloody hell, you really did deserve a better life then following me.
All I ever gave you in the past was pain and despair.
You always had to save me from one giant disaster after another.
The both of you truly deserved a better life.
You more then Ron.
You came into a whole new world only to see the worst sides of it since I choose you as a friend.
Seriously, I hope one day you can forgive me for bringing you down this path for leaving everything to you.
With love your best friend, Harry James Potter The pain she felt from having Harry believe he could fail her.
That she wanted to be his friend and he could never have forced their friendship.
Plus, she always willingly followed Harry into every disaster.
It was unbearable.
Harry could never fail her!
Didn't he understand that?
Didn't he believe that he would win?
She fought the tears with an ironclad will that were begging for release from her chocolate eyes.
Even though Hermione desperately wanted to pretend that all she needed to read was the note she new she wouldn't be able to avoid reading the Will.
She was starting to hyperventilate.
Her breathing was becoming was becoming quite irregular.
After several long minutes she was able to regain control of her breathing and finally moved on to the Will.
It was surprisingly short thought Hermione.
I, Harry James Potter, being of sound body and mind leave 100,000 galleons to Ronald Bilius Weasley, 100,000 galleons to Edward Remus Lupin, and all remaing possessions to Hermione Jean Granger.
In the event that Hermione Jean Granger or Ronald Bilius Weasley become deceased then the other shall the unclaimed inheritance.
Should both become deceased I leave all my worldly possessions to that of Edward Remus Lupin with Adromeda Tonks as legal guardian over the inheritance until Edward is of age.
Clearly Harry hadn't put a lot of thought into his, but chose to just jump head first into it as usual and the fact brought out a small giggle from Hermione.
Harry, always preferring to jump right in rather then plan his actions out.
The interrogation of Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore had slipped from her thoughts.
Instead her memories of Harry filled them.
All of his impulsive actions and that bloody grin of his after she reprimanded him for said impulsive actions.
Maybe that was why she always reprimanded him.
To see the that guilty and mischievous grin.
Circe, she needed to see that grin right now.
When Minerva reached the Gryffindor common room she was still deep in thought.
She knew Hermione would most like never trust her or any of the other Professors again.
She couldn't even blame the poor girl.
They made a decision about her life and took away her right to choose whether she would keep the bind or not.
They never even gave her the chance to modify the bind to at least give her a chance at defeating Voldemort.
To make it worse, on the grand scheme of it all it was their fault Hermione had lost her best friend.
As she entered the common room through the gaping hole the thought that they'd need to replace the painting of the Fat Lady so she could resume her position as the guardian for the entrance to the Gryffindor Tower.
Minerva noticed the common room was filled with individual's from not only Gryffindor, but Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw as well.
All were sleeping on the various pieces of furniture scattered throughout the room.
Fleur was heading down the boys dorms stairwell when she noticed the professor.
"Professor is everything okay", asked Fleur.
Upon hearing Fleur the common room started to awaken.
Luna nearly fall on her face as she jumped from the chair she was sleeping on.
Ron, Parvarti, and Hannah all jumped to attention with more grace then Luna had though.
Susan and Padma remained seated stretching while gazing imploringly at the Professor.
George merely glanced at the Professor as his head remained on Angelina's legs as she played with his hair.
The apprehension in the room was practically suffocating Minerva.
The tension started to grow rapidly until Professor McGonagall responded to the question asked.
"Hermione has finally woken up..." "Oh thank Merlin!
", exclaimed the majority of the room waking the rest of the tower who slowly started trickling down to the common room.
"BUT she has suffered serious trauma and while she maybe in a stable condition physically she is still struggling mentally.
Should anyone decide to upset her or try to force any information from her will be banned from the Hospital Wing.
", Professor McGonagall's gaze seemed to single out Ron.
"You all will give her the space and time she requires to inform you of what happened.
Is that clear?"
While everyone was agreeing to the Professor's demands Ron didn't acknowledge them and dashed through the gaping hole.
As Hermione's thoughts were drifting over her memories of Harry a voice called out to her and the devilishly handsome grin.
A voice started calling out to her.
The same voice that had communicated with her last night.
Rage sparked throughout Hermione.
The yellow tome was leaning up against one of the window sills at the end of the Hospital.
Hermione's wand was still in Harry's bed where she had thrown it before racing down to the common room.
Still the thought of needing a wand never crossed her thoughts.
Instead her rage shot a wave pure energy at the tome only for a shield to pop into place and have the energy blast out the window harmlessly.
"My dear, is that how you treat the one who freed you of your restraints?"
"You tried to kill me!"
Hermione screamed her magic pulsating around her.
Hermione was on her feet now and moving towards the end of the Hospital Wing.
Once she was within reach of the tome she stopped.
Hermione felt a something residing inside of the tome.
"So Voldemort, you created one more horcrux.
I'll enjoy destroying this one," she smirked as she sent another wave of energy to blast the tome only for it to rebound harmlessly out the window once more.
"You think I'm that pathetic excuse of wizard Riddle?
My dear, he couldn't compete with me even in this state.
I'm no horcrux either," the tome responded.
She sounded entertained which only infuriated Hermione further.
"Well, whoever you are I'm still going to enjoy destroying you," Hermione replied with a rather evil smirk spreading across her face.
This time focusing her magic and building its strength and potency.
The voice started laughing, "That's a good one, but remember if you do manage to destroy me you'll never bring him back."
Hermione went pale releasing her hold on her magic.
"Child pick this tome up once more.
You are free of that ridiculous bind and it's time to get to work.
We don't have time to waste.
Also, that preservation spell you used on him.
That was quite intelligent.
Preserving his body, but leaving an opening for a soul."
Hermione grabbed the tome.
Fear was scrolling through all her features as she visibly shook.
"How do you know what I did?
", she pleaded.
"My dear, there is very little that I do not know," the voice responded smugly.
"Like how you have been in love with Harry since the incident with the troll.
It may have started out as merely a crush..." "Stop!
I believe you.
So what do you need me to do miss...", Hermione inquired.
"Le Fay.
", the voice responded.
"And for now I merely wish for you to interrogate Dumbledore.
No immediate rush on that, but preferably by May 5th at the latest."
"So, no later then tomorrow.
", replied Hermione sarcastically only for the tome to disappear.
Ron burst through the doors of the Hospital Wing and ran to Hermione who was standing in front a window at the opposite end of the room.
He rushed over to Hermione grabbing her shoulder and spun her around.
Ron then grabbed Hermione's cheeks.
"Thank Circe, Merlin, and Morgana you're okay!
", Ron exclaimed and moved in to kiss her.
Ginny who had been following Ron kept true to her promise.
She sent a light piercing curse into Ron's right arse cheek causing him to scream followed by a rather loud and painful slap across the left side of Ron's face.
The combination caused quite a comical scene as Ron's body turned sideways in the air since he jumped from Ginny's curse and then was turned onto his side after the slap and landed on his face breaking his nose.
Ginny walked on top of Ron's body.
"Get.
Out.
", Ginny demanded banishing him to the hospital entrance.
Ginny then pulled Hermione into her embrace.
The two friends then fell to the ground tears finally breaking free from Hermione's previously ironclad control.
"Are you okay?
I thought I was going to lose you to," she whispered.
"No, Ginny.
I'm pretty far from okay," Hermione whispered.
Luna was the next one in the room.
She silently joined their embrace on the floor.
Nothing more needed to be said.
They sat in silence sharing what little strength they currently held.
Madame Pomfrey who had been watching from the entrance giving Hermione the distance she needed yanked Ron to his feet.
"Mister Weasley you are hereby banned from the Hospital Wing.
Now leave!
", Madame Pomfrey demanded tersely.
"Can you at least fix my nose Madame Pomfrey?"
Ron asked scathingly.
"To teach you a lesson I will not.
Now remember that the next time you upset one of my patients!"
Mr. and Mrs. Weasley who had arrived in time to hear Madame Pomfrey lecture Ronald looked irate.
Mrs. Weasley fixed Ron's nose, but before she could launch into her tirade she was beaten by Mr. Weasley.
"WHAT THE BLOODY HELL DID YOU DO RONALD!
", demanded Mr. Weasley who's face was as red as his hair.
"All I tried to do was kiss Hermione, but she slapped me and Ginny fucking cursed me!
", exclaimed Ron who's rage was turning him as red as hair as well.
"You're bloody luck that's all those two did Ronald!
", screamed Mrs. Weasley.
"Poppy I'm terribly sorry for his actions.
There is no excuse."
"He is not to return to the Hospital Wing until Hermione has permanently vacated the hospital,' Poppy merely replied.
As Ron stormed off Mr. Weasley answered for him.
"Ron understands and will not return Poppy."
There were now more than a dozen individuals that stood outside of the hospital now all wanting to see Hermione.
As they approached the entrance Madame Pomfrey gave the crowd the same speech Professor McGonagall had given in the Gryffindor common room.
She also added in the part that she'd already banned one individual and had no problem banning more.
When a large crashing sound erupted from the hospital.
Madame Pomfrey ordered all the visitors to remain outside for the time being.
"Shite.
I think I've cried more in the last two days than I have in my entire life," Hermione joked.
The three of them started giggling until those giggles turned into pure laughter.
Eventually, they had doubled over from laughter barely breathing.
Slowly they calmed themselves down.
Hermione was the last one to regain control of her breathing.
As she finally took one last calming deep breath and breathed out her magic flowed once more.
Every bed, chair, table, and divider flew against the surrounding walls.
All three girls yelped and scrambled to their feet in shock.
The realization hit Hermione like a blast of lightning that she caused it.
Guilt and shame spread across her face.
Luna who noticed Hermione's reaction and the lack of wrackspurts around her inquired incredulously, "Hermione did you do this?"
Madame Pomfrey barged in before Hermione could answer.
"Luna, Ginny I need the two of you to leave," Madame Pomfrey stated.
"Yes ma'am," the two echoed in fear of being banned from Hermione and headed for the entrance.
Madame Pomfrey rushed to Hermione once Luna and Ginny left.
As soon as she reached out for Hermione the furniture in the hospital started to levitate.
Hermione's hair was now floating and rage was manifesting throughout her body.
Then she started snapped at the healer.
"Don't fucking touch me!"
Madame Pomfrey hopped back immediately.
Her shame started flowing across her surface.
"Just leave me alone!"
At Hermione's demand Poppy turned to leave the hospital once more.
As she reached the doors she heard Hermione panting and noticed all the furniture had settled back on the floor.
She didn't look back at Hermione though.
Poppy knew it'd only infuriate her further.
As she exited the hospital the crowd was staring at her.
Ginny and Luna had vacated without informing the crowd what had transpired inside the Hospital Wing.
Not willing to tell them what had occurred she dismissed them with a white lie.
She said Hermione was still recovering, but had over exerted herself and now required rest.
Neville remained behind though.
"Madame Pomfrey I found Hermione's wand up in the tower would it be okay if I returned it to her?"
he asked.
"Quickly, Mr. Longbottom.
Quickly," she replied.
Neville stepped into the Hospital Wing and instantly noticed the disarray of the room.
All the furniture was sideways or upended.
He spotted Hermione standing against a window watching the grounds on the opposite side of the room.
He walked over to her call out her name to make his presence known.
"Hey Hermione, found your wand in Harry's bed.
Just wanted to get it back to you.
Love to stay and chat, but Madame Pomfrey told me to be quick about it."
Hermione turned to meet Neville and grabbed her wand from him as he passed it off to her.
"Thank you Neville.
", she replied robotically and returned her gaze outside the window.
"No problem.
Hope you feel better soon and I wish he was still with us too," he responded with sadness on his face.
As soon as he left Hermione stood with a tear in her eye waiting expectantly for the tome to reappear.
After several minutes of nothing happening Hermione laughed darkly.
"I guess Le Fay won't reappear until I do what she asks.
", Hermione thought.
And with that she cast a disillusion charm and left the Hospital Wing to have a chat with Albus Fucking Dumbledore.
A/N Trying to format this properly, but I don't have word so I've been playing around with the formatting on here.
I do apologize for the bad formatting in the previous chapters.
