A/N: I wished I owned Harry Potter.
Alas, I do not.
Ms. Rowling, I'd be happy to take it off your hands A/N: Here we go!
Chapter 2: King's Cross Station June, 1994 The train pulled up at Kings Cross Station as it had 3 years in a row.
Some students were looking forward to the summer with their friends and no school, and some could not wait for September 1st in a few months.
And for the 3rd year in a row, Harry closed his eyes in silent frustration.
But this year, even though his eyes were closed, a new feeling combined with the frustration, clear only in his tensed muscles.
This year, Harry was angry too.
Afraid the entire year that the mysterious Sirius Black was out to kill him, it had been revealed that fugitive Sirius was his godfather.
What's more, Sirius would take him away from the miserable Dursley's and would teach him all about magic.
He would have a family, even if it was small.
Someone who loved him.
That had been ripped away by Snape.
Everything went wrong, and now Sirius was on the run, with only a temperamental hippogriff for company.
The time he had spent with his godfather was counted in minutes, not days or years.
Sirius had promised Harry that his life would be better, and through no fault of his own, he had been forced away.
Harry's muscles rippled at the thought of the potions professor who had ruined his life.
Another year in potions, filled with the nasty backhanded comments was frustrating, to say the least.
But near the end of the year, to the shock of his best mate and best friend, Harry had started to ignore the youngest Potion Master in years.
It was especially fun during the last few classes.
Whenever Snape snapped at Harry, he just remembered the feeling he had when Hermione had punched Draco, and the insult rolled over him as if it was a gentle breeze.
But the gears of the train ground to a stop, and Harry was back in the present.
Sirius was gone "Harry, dad is going to try to get us tickets to the quidditch world cup!"
Ron told him as they grabbed their trunks from the racks above their seats.
"I'll owl you at the end of the summer, and we'll try to get you over to The Burrow.
It will be wicked!"
"I'm sure it will be," Harry said with fake enthusiasm.
Ron walked out of the carriage, still talking quidditch.
Hermione put a hand across the door, stopping Harry from walking out.
"Hermione, mind moving your hand?"
"Harry, you look like someone killed your dog," Hermione told him.
"Well, they almost did," Harry snapped.
"They might as well have.
I probably won't ever see him again."
His remark could come out harsher than intended.
"I'm sorry Hermione.
I'm not mad at you."
He could never be mad at her.
He hated that Sirius was gone, but if you took away that fact, the night he had rescued Sirius had been the best night of his life.
To him, it felt like the night Ron became his best mate, because Hermione was now his best friend.
The firebolt incident was forgotten, especially since Sirius revealed he had actually been the one to purchase the broom, which Harry found extremely funny.
After Harry and Hermione had rejoined the normal time stream, he had told her.
She had not found it as humorous.
But she took everything too seriously.
"I'm sorry," Hermione said, the hurt clear on her face.
"I wasn't thinking."
"That would be a first," Harry said, which earned him a half grin.
He lightly tapped her arm and moved her out of the way, following Ron into the corridor.
"I'm sure I'm overreacting.
Maybe Dumbledore will take care of it now that he has time.
He always takes care of it.
He gave us the advice with the time turner, after all."
"Maybe," Hermione said, but Harry could tell she didn't believe him.
"It wasn't all bad," Harry told her, trying to cheer her up.
She was clearly still upset by what she had said to Harry, and his reaction.
"The ride on Buckbeak was fun, and meeting Prongs was very cool."
"You know I don't like flying," Hermione told him as they stepped off the train.
"And I've always wanted to see him fly!"
Ron was saying.
He turned around and looked at Harry.
"Wouldn't that be bloody brilliant?"
Harry and Hermione looked at each other, a little confused.
Then Harry realized that Ron had not even registered that Harry and Hermione were 20 seconds behind him.
He started to laugh, and as Hermione came to the same realization she laughed a little too.
"Sorry, Ron," Harry said as the laughter stopped as a blush ran up his friend's neck.
"I was just thinking about something else.
What were you saying?"
"Just something about Bulgaria," Ron said, clearly offended.
"Doesn't matter anymore."
"Come on Ron, don't be like that," Harry said, throwing his arm over his best mate's shoulder.
"What about Bulgaria?
I don't know much about international quidditch.
Or any quidditch that is not played at Hogwarts, for that matter."
"Harry, my boy!"
Mr. Weasley said, appearing in front of them patting the boy on the back.
"I've been doing some work for the Ministry, and I was hoping you could tell me a little about these things they call a Telly?"
"I think you are talking about the television," Harry said, and Mr. Weasley nodded.
They walked through the column and Harry patiently explained television to Arthur Weasley.
He could barely go a few words without asking a question, and Harry was struck by the weirdness of the magical world again.
He knew that magic and electricity did not mix all that well, but for Mr. Weasley to have never seen a television meant he had probably never been to a muggle house.
"My father is going to take us to the quidditch world cup," Draco declared loudly as he walked through the column.
He glared at Harry.
"What's wrong Potter?
Got no father to take you?"
Harry sighed and just turned away to answer another question from Mr. Weasley.
He absently tightened his arm around Ron's shoulder, knowing without looking that if he was not restrained, Ron Weasley would run at Draco to take a swing at him.
Mr. Weasley turned to admonish Fred and George, who were about enact some prank on a poor first year, and Ron turned to Harry, a little surprised.
"I would have smacked Malfoy in the face after saying that," Ron said, looking at Harry with rage in his eyes.
"Why did you stop me?"
"Malfoy isn't worth the effort.
I'll give you a tip," Harry told his friend.
"Anytime he says something stupid like that, just remember what he looked like when Hermione re-arranged his nose for him."
Ron laughed as he thought back to the moment.
Harry could tell as Hermione shifted uncomfortably at the memory.
"Don't worry Hermione.
It was brilliant."
"Well, I shouldn't have resorted to hitting him," Hermione said.
"It's not conduct benefitting of Gryffindor."
"Please!"
Ron replied.
"Before that, we all thought you didn't have any courage at all!"
He laughed as he walked after his brothers, who were now ahead of them fleeing from their father's fury.
Hermione twisted uncomfortably again.
"Ron never thinks about what he says," Harry told Hermione, trying to make her feel better.
"I've known you were a Gryffindor the moment we met in the common room for the first time."
"How?"
Hermione asked, genuinely curious.
"Well, I know you probably talked to the sorting hat," Harry said, and Hermione gave a little jolt.
"It's ok, I'll keep your secret.
It talked to me too.
It probably wanted to put you in Ravenclaw, but after you talked to it, must have decided to change you around.
Did the same to me too."
"Harry, you are what people had in mind when they created the Gryffindor house!"
Hermione exclaimed.
"Don't tell anyone, but the hat thought I would be a good fit for Slytherin," Harry whispered to Hermione.
"Harry!"
Hermione was shocked.
"That's impossible!"
"True story," Harry said.
His voice had not wavered as he told it, so Harry knew that even though Hermione was shocked, she believed him.
"It's ok Hermione.
It's just another secret that only you know.
Well, you and Dumbledore."
Hermione nodded thoughtfully.
"I always trust you, Hermione.
Ever since I drank that potion first year."
"You don't always trust me," Hermione said, sadness seeping into her voice.
"What about the broom?"
"Ok, that's fair," Harry admitted.
"Even though I think I was mad rather than not trusting you.
But it turned out that Sirius had sent the broom, which is pretty funny!"
He laughed, but knew Hermione was not happy.
He had been teasing her about it for days.
Hermione turned away from Harry, and he saw her eyes widen as she saw a middle age couple "Mom, Dad!"
Hermione said, running across the platform and throwing herself into the arms of a tall and lanky man, as a woman with the same brown hair was next to get a big hug.
"We should introduce ourselves," Harry said to Ron, and they both walked over to the Grangers.
"Mum, Dad, these are—" "Let me guess," Ms. Granger said looking at the two boys.
"Ron, right?"
She said, pointing at the redhead, who nodded eagerly.
"So you must be Harry?"
She looked at Harry, who nodded.
She had a bit of a frown, and she turned to her husband and whispered something in his ear.
Mr. Granger nodded, and he looked at Harry critically.
Ron and Hermione were both oblivious to the slight change in demeanor.
It took Harry a moment to figure out why the look on Hermione's parents face was so familiar.
Then he placed it.
It was a combination of pity and worry, probably generated by letters about his parents and his raggedy appearance.
Harry was slightly touched that they would be worried, but also a little angry.
They didn't know him, or his life, and now they were judging based on appearance?
That was like something Draco did.
"We have heard so many wonderful things about you.
Ron, thank you for being such a good friend to our daughter."
"It's nothing, Ms. Granger," Ron said looking away, clearly embarrassed.
"Harry, we owe you a special thank you," Mr. Granger said.
"I understand that first year you saved our daughter from a ten-foot troll?"
"Ron was there too," Harry pointed out quickly.
The last thing he needed was Ron to get jealous now.
"He was?"
Mr. Granger sounded puzzled.
He glanced at his wife quickly, who gave a slight shrug, her arm still around her daughter.
Ron missed the interaction, but Harry didn't.
He glanced at Hermione with a question in his eyes, but she seemed just as confused as him.
Then her eyes widened as if she realized something, but she didn't say anything.
"Well, nevertheless, thank you for saving our daughter and keeping an eye on her ever since.
We thought about taking her out of Hogwarts after that, but Hermione said she was sure you would keep her safe."
"We both try, Mr. Granger," Harry said.
There was that glance again from Hermione's dad!
Harry was fairly good at reading people, but he was downright baffled by what was going on with Hermione's parents now.
Then he realized why.
"To be honest, Hermione is the one who gets us out of trouble.
My report card probably says something about how I am a big troublemaker."
"What's a report card?"
Ron asked.
"Nevermind," Harry replied.
The last thing he wanted to do was get into a discussion of the muggle school system with Ron.
Mr. Weasley always seemed curious about muggle life, but Ron was disdainful.
Ron was his best mate, but that didn't mean that there weren't things about Ron that just about drove Harry up the wall.
The Weasleys had come over and were all introducing themselves to the Grangers, and Harry smiled a bit as Fred and George switched names.
Of the Weasley's only Ginny picked up on it, as Harry could tell from her small smile.
"Harry, where is that wretched uncle of yours?"
Molly Weasley asked.
"I'd like to see him and give him a piece of my mind for leaving bars over your window."
"It's ok, Ms. Weasley," Harry told the over-eager Weasley.
"How many times do I have to tell you to call me Molly, or even mum if you want?"
Ms. Weasley complained.
"Always one more time, Ms. Weasley," Harry replied, a smile on his face.
To his surprise, Ms. Granger smiled at Harry's quip, while everyone else was a little confused.
Apparently cleverness was common in the women in the Granger family.
Hermione didn't get it, but that would have surprised him more than her mom obviously figuring out Harry's verbal gymnastics.
"Are they not here?"
Mr. Weasley asked, concerned.
"They couldn't have forgotten the day?
It's the same day every year."
"I'm sure my uncle is just running late," Harry said, the lie coming easily from his lips.
He had thought about telling Dumbledore when the letter had arrived at the end of the year, but decided against it.
He had received a letter from Uncle Vernon telling him that he was, under no uncertain terms to return to their house after the incident with Aunt Marge.
Fudge had offered to send people to obliviate his relatives, but Harry had declined.
Now he was nervous even though the lie was easy to tell.
It was almost impossible for him to slip a lie by his best friend, but even Hermione accepted the explanation.
He wasn't sure what he would do for the summer.
But he was more than happy to never return to Privet Drive.
"Would you like a ride, Harry?"
Mr. Granger asked.
"Thank you for the offer, Mr. Granger, but I wouldn't want him to get here and have me not be here.
He might get mad," Harry lied again.
If his uncle had any desire to pick him up and Harry got a ride home from someone else, he had no doubt that he would have bruises the next day.
But if the Grangers drove him home, then the truth would be revealed.
"Well, if you are sure," Mr. Granger said, and Harry nodded.
"Have a great summer, Harry," Hermione said.
She took two steps forward and threw her arms around Harry's neck.
Ron echoed the sentiment as his family started to head out, along with a promise to invite him to the world cup.
"Hey Hermione, you are choking me," Harry joked.
Hermione jumped back, her eyes wide.
"It's ok I'm just joking."
"Oh."
Hermione said, not looking at him.
"Hermione?"
Harry asked, but she just turned away, waving at him as she walked away.
"Um…" Harry was lost for words.
"Sweetie!"
Mr. Granger called, hurrying after his daughter as she disappeared out of sight.
Ms. Granger pursed her lips and looked at Harry.
Then she nodded and turned to follow her daughter off the platform.
Harry looked around, and saw only muggles.
Then his eyes lit on someone else, a young boy accompanied by an old woman.
Harry jogged over to the young boy and tapped him on the shoulder.
"Neville!"
Harry said happily as the boy turned.
"Good to see you!
What are your plans for the summer?"
Neville seemed thrilled Harry had come over to talk to him, but the woman with him was looking down her nose at Harry.
"Harry!"
Neville responded.
The woman next to him made a small noise.
"Oh, sorry.
Harry, this is my grandmother, Augusta Longbottom.
Grandmother, this is Harry Potter."
Her eyes widened slightly as she saw the scar, and Harry had to stop himself from turning away in frustration.
"Well, I don't know what I am doing over the summer."
"My grandson should probably do some studying over the summer," Augusta Longbottom said.
"Good day, Lord Potter."
She then turned and walked briskly away.
"Sorry!"
Neville called as he ran after his grandmother.
"See you next year!"
Harry nodded as Neville vanished off the platform in hot pursuit of his grandmother, and as Harry glanced around, now he realized the platform was truly empty of wizards.
Harry sat down on the bench for a think.
A small part of him had thought that even though the letter had come through, Uncle Vernon would still be here to pick him up.
"Well, I can't very well sleep on a bench at the train station," Harry said to himself, even though at the moment he didn't have any better ideas.
If the end of the year had not been so crazy, Harry would have tried to come up with a plan.
But Harry knew that he had never been much of a planner.
He tended to jump into things eagerly and without thinking.
It was one of the things Harry was determined to change about himself, but one of the things Harry suspected that he would always do.
"The Leaky cauldron took me in last year," Harry said to himself again.
He had a few galleons in his pocket, and that should get him to Diagon Alley.
The rest could pay for a room for a few days, and then he would figure the rest out.
Harry walked a decent way from King's Cross, but eventually the weight of the suitcase became unwieldy.
Next year, Harry resolved, he would put a feather-light charm on his case, but this year he had stupidly forgotten, and he doubted that Minister Fudge would be as forgiving as last time if he performed magic in muggle London.
Luckily, he was far enough away from King's Cross and the street he was on was fairly deserted.
He stuck out his hand, and in a minute the purple bus flashed to a stop in front of him.
Harry looked around, but no one seemed to notice.
Magic was odd sometimes, but at the moment Harry wouldn't bother complaining.
"Harry!"
The conductor said.
Harry's brow scrunched as he tried to remember the conductors name.
"Stan, right?"
Harry said after a moment's contemplation.
"Remember me, do you!"
Stan sounded excited.
"Where to tonight, Harry?
Or I guess it should be Lord Potter, if you excuse my rudeness."
"Diagon Alley," Harry said.
He handed over a galleon and got 6 silver sickles back.
He had no idea what the prices were but that seemed like a fair amount.
"Coming right up, Lord Potter."
Harry walked to an empty seat, shaking his head at Stan's humorous comments.
As he sat, he realized that Augusta Longbottom had called him a lord too.
Harry thought back to the last year.
Nothing had changed in a major way.
Perhaps everyone was just taking the mickey with him.
With that settled, Harry leaned back in his sea.
/N: I wished I owned Harry Potter.
Alas, I do not.
Ms. Rowling, I'd be happy to take it off your hands.
Chapter 3: A New Friend, an Old Friend, and a New Home June, 1994 "Well, this is a surprise meeting, isn't it!"
A man with red hair plopped down next to Harry, a goofy smile on his face.
"I feel like I already know you!"
"I'm sorry have we met?"
Harry scooted away from the man, and although something about him seemed familiar, he felt in his pocket for his wand.
The new man seemed nice, and Harry was many things but never an idiot.
"Reaching for your wand?
Smart move," The man told him as Harry froze.
"Feel free to take it out.
I guess when I give you a clue as to who I am, and then I hope you can put it away and we can chat until my stop."
He leaned in and looked around, and then whispered "I know all about Norbert."
Harry's mind whirred and he glanced around as well.
Then he looked at the red hair, and realized who this stranger reminded him off.
"Charlie Weasley!"
Charlie smiled and extended his hand, which Harry shook.
"Wow, it's a pleasure to meet you.
Ron has told me all about you!"
"Yeah, Ron is a little jealous of me and Bill," Charlie said with a chuckle.
"I'm sure if he applied himself he could get a job like one of us.
I love him, but hard work is not his strong suit."
Harry nodded in agreement.
"In case you don't know, Bill is a curse-breaker for Gringotts.
You'll meet him sooner rather than later, I suspect."
"You work with dragons in Romania, right?"
"Good memory," Charlie said, clearly pleased that Harry remembered.
"Yes, and you will be pleased to know that Norberta is doing well.
We were able to integrate her with a pack of Norwegian Ridgebacks and one of them accepted him as a son.
I doubt you would recognize him now.
She is a big one."
"Norberta?
She?"
"Yep, we call her Norberta.
You can tell she is female because she is much more vicious."
"So what do you do with dragons?"
Harry asked.
For the next 10 minutes Charlie described how he studied, tracked, and interacted with dragons as Harry listened silently, impressed by this newest Weasley brother who was clearly brave, adventurous and wickedly smart.
He was quite stylish too and had an earring on his right ear, which he said was modelled after a dragon fang.
Harry wondered what his friends would think if he showed up with an earring.
"Ottery St.
Catchpole!"
Stan yelled out.
"Most people lose interest when I get into mating habits," Charlie said as he rose from his seat.
"Tell you what, feel free to owl me this summer, and I'd be happy to talk more about dragons if you are interested."
"Absolutely!"
Harry said emphatically.
They shook hands again as Charlie grabbed his suitcase.
"It was a pleasure meeting you Harry.
I can see why Ron speaks so highly of you."
Charlie smiled, and then his smile disappeared.
"I'm sorry, that was rude of me Lord Potter."
Then the smile was back.
"I do hope you owl me."
Then he was gone off the bus, leaving Harry a little breathless.
Charlie Weasley was a bit of a whirlwind.
Harry now mirrored Charlie's frown.
Lord Potter for the third time.
Clearly something was going on, something he would happily admit to himself that he did not understand.
He might even admit it to Hermione, or maybe to Neville who seemed to know what was going on when his grandma had mentioned it.
This did seem like kind of thing Ron would be jealous of, so he would have to be careful.
Ron was his best mate, and he really did not need to sour that relationship again.
If he wasn't busy being jealous or a downright prat, Ron always had his back, no matter the enemy.
"Diagon Alley," Stan called after Harry had spent a few minutes in silent contemplation of his newfound title, as well as Charlie's fascinating job.
He grabbed his trunk and lugged it off the bus.
He stared up at the Leaky Cauldron, and in that moment's hesitation as Harry contemplated whether or not to enter the tavern, he heard "Harry!"
He knew that voice, and turned around, surprised.
"Professor Lupin!"
He hesitated, and then threw his arms around the werewolf.
Harry felt his old professor smile as his arms enfolded the young man in return.
"What are you doing here?"
"Well, I'm meeting Headmaster Dumbledore in a few days, but I figured I would hang out in Diagon Alley for a little while.
It's a good place to hide if you know it well, and after the news broke…" "You never should have resigned!"
Harry nearly shouted.
"You were the best professor we ever had."
"Well, I did almost eat you," Remus said softly.
"Sometimes I don't remember my transformations, but I do remember that I had you in my sights until Buckbeack showed up.
I asked Dumbledore how you did that, but he said it was a secret."
"Oh, I can tell you Professor," Harry said eagerly.
As he started to explain, Lupin placed a finger on Harry's lips.
"The Headmaster said it was a secret, so I think it is best that it stay so.
However Sirius escaped, and I'm just happy he is free."
Harry nodded, knowing the professor was right.
"And Harry, I am not your professor anymore."
Harry nodding, blinking away a tear at the thought.
Not only was Lupin a wonderful professor, but apparently he was one of his father's best friends.
He had already lost Sirius, and now he was losing Professor Lupin.
It felt like everyone wanted nothing to do with him.
"But you should be," Harry said, feeling sadness start to consume him.
"Everyone wants nothing to do with me," he said quietly, making sure Remus didn't hear him.
"If I haven't miscalculated, and judging by your presence I have not, you should at Privet Drive right now.
And Harry, please call me Remus, or Moony.
James always called me Moony."
"Ok," Harry said, and he was both pleased and irritated to be mentioned in the same breath as his father.
"I'll go with Remus then."
"That should do just fine," Remus said.
"But don't think you have escaped my question."
Harry's eyes widened.
While he was thrilled to see Remus, he didn't have a plan yet, and Remus was one of the few people who might see through any falsehood he could create.
"Well, did you hear how I accidentally inflated my aunt last summer?"
Harry started, trying to buy time to come up with a story for why a 14 year old boy would be in Diagon Alley at night.
"Yes, I did.
But I heard that the Minister got that wiped off your record," Remus said curiously.
"I assume he would have sent someone to obliviate the Dursley's memories."
"I asked him not to," Harry admitted.
"I figured that if they remembered that, Uncle Vernon might not hit-" Harry stopped suddenly, and saw a look of anger appear on his old professor's face.
"Harry, don't tell me the Dursley's hit you?"
"No."
Remus's anger disappeared, but Harry continued "Just Uncle Vernon.
It got better after my first year, but sometimes when I make him really angry, he just," Harry spread his hands.
"It's not too bad unless he uses his belt."
"Harry," Remus said, reaching for Harry.
"It's ok Remus!"
Harry exclaimed.
"They sent me a letter telling me not to come home this summer!
I figured I would stay here," Harry said, indicating the leaky cauldron "for a while, and then maybe go to The Burrow."
As Harry said his quickly formulated plan out loud, he realized that plan sounded pretty good.
"I'm sure the Weasley's wouldn't mind having me around for a while."
"Harry, there is something special about the Dursley's house," Remus told him.
"The death of your mother-" Harry turned away, but Remus enfolded him in his arms.
"I'm sorry, I know this will be hard to hear, but you need to hear it.
What happened to your mother meant that protection was created around their house.
The fact you share blood with your aunt means that Privet Drive is the safest place for you.
Diagon Alley is no place for a boy your age, and while I'm sure the Weasley's would love having you, it might not be the best idea-" "Remus," Harry begged, "Please!"
"I'll send a letter to the Headmaster," Remus said, as much to himself as to Harry.
"Remus!"
Harry's tone was insistent as he grabbed the older man's robes.
"Don't send me back there!
Please!
I know Dumbledore will send me back there, and Uncle Vernon will be so mad, and…" Harry couldn't finish the thought, tears falling from his eyes.
He was angry and tried to wipe the tears away, but the thought of seeing his uncle again kept the tears coming.
"Harry, I have to inform the Headmaster, and he'll take care of the issues with the Dursley's," Remus said gently.
"Then why didn't he take care of it the first 13 years of my life!"
Harry spat angrily.
The instant the words were out of his mouth, he regretted them.
Dumbledore had been so good to him, and here he was blaming all of his failings on the greatest wizard to ever live.
"I'm sorry.
It's mostly my fault anyways.
I screw up so much, so I guess it only makes sense he would hit me."
"Harry!"
Remus looked shocked, but for the life of him, Harry could not tell why.
"Don't tell me you believe that?"
"Why else would he hit me?"
Harry was genuinely confused.
"I mean, I've seen Ms. Weasley smack Ron over the back of his head when he does stupid stuff.
That's the same, right?"
Remus looked positively sick, and Harry took a quick glance at the moon making sure Remus didn't notice, but it was nowhere near full.
"Remus, you look a little ill, are you ok?"
"Harry-" His old professor looked lost for words.
"My god, you truly believe that?"
"It makes sense.
You mess up, you get hit," Harry said simply.
That had always been the way it was.
"I guess sometimes I get hit even when I don't mess up, but it's probably something I don't see, like a speck of dust behind the couch.
I don't really like being hit though.
Sometimes it can hurt more than a stunner."
"I don't think I can tell him, not if it's that bad," Remus said to himself, though Harry heard him.
"The wards will fail, but…" Remus whipped his head up and looked at Harry.
"Harry, you will not be protected by those wards, and they are very powerful."
"Why do I need to be protected?"
Harry asked.
"Voldemort is gone, at least for now, and Wormtail is on the run.
I should be totally fine, right?"
Remus blinked as he looked at Harry.
"I'm sure Dumbledore would tell me if something was wrong, right?
It's not like Sirius is out to get me."
"You know, Harry, I believe you might just be right…" Remus trailed off, looking at the Leaky Cauldron.
"But you can't stay here.
That wouldn't be right.
Neither would The Burrow, not at the moment."
"Well, I don't have any better ideas at the moment," Harry told him."
Hermione went on holiday last year, so I assume she is doing the same this year.
But I wouldn't want to impose on the Grangers anyways."
"Well, I have a few ideas," Remus told his friend's son thoughtfully.
"But I don't think Dumbledore will approve, Harry."
"Well then don't tell him!"
Harry exclaimed.
"Or tell him I went to the Dursleys.
You don't work for him anymore.
It will be a prank worthy of the marauders."
Remus grinned at the mention of his old crew, but then his smile fell away.
"I'm sure Dumbledore has people watching the place… Harry have you been hit your entire life?"
"Isn't everyone?"
Harry asked, and at the moment Remus looked older than Harry had ever seen, and somewhat terrified as well.
"Harry, you know more than most that Voldemort is trying to return, and you will be in danger, but maybe not this summer."
Remus straightened, looking at the young man in front of him.
Harry made sure his tears were gone and that he looked Remus right in the eye.
"You know, I may have a place for you after all.
It goes against my better judgement to not tell Dumbledore, but you are right that he would try and get you before we arrive, and we can't have that."
Remus gave Harry a smile that could only be categorized as wolfish.
"It will be a prank worthy of James.
Once you are there, Dumbledore won't be able to do much.
He wouldn't dare risk a confrontation with the man we are meeting."
"Great!"
Harry responded.
"We best catch the bus again," Remus said, holding out his hand.
"There is no floo nearby, and I think we should avoid other types of travel."
"The leaky cauldron has a floo according to Minister Fudge" Harry said.
"Although I always fall when I walk out the other side."
"No, there is no floo where we are going," Remus explained.
"I'll have to make sure to keep my guard up when I talk to Dumbledore."
"Why?"
Harry asked.
"I'm sure a marauder can lie convincingly."
"Well, if Dumbledore looks you in the eye, he can read your mind…" "Cool!"
Harry exclaims.
"No wonder he always seems to know what is going on!"
Then Harry looked around.
"I should keep that a secret, right?"
"Absolutely," Remus told him.
"Perhaps it would be best for you to work on occlumency this summer as well.
I'm sure you could learn.
"That is mind reading?"
Harry asked.
"No, it is how to protect and calm you mind," Remus explained.
"It is very useful, especially if you are fighting someone who is a strong legilimus.
That's the name for a mind reader."
"So when you fight do you fight with spells and your mind?"
Harry asked.
He had liked the duelling club enough, but he figured that fighting with other wizards was something taught to the older students judging by what they had learned so far.
"Harry, the place I am taking you will teach you how to fight.
That is the main thing my friend teaches, and I'm sure if you are respectful, he'll take you on for the summer.
You'll have to keep that anger in check," Remus told him, and Harry nodded eagerly.
"I'll do it Remus!
I promise."
Remus nodded, and Harry could tell he was not convinced.
"Well, I'll try my best."
"That's all I can ask for," Remus told him.
"So they will let me use my wand over the summer?"
Harry was excited by the prospect now.
"How do they do that?
Do they have some kind of special permission from the Ministry?
Ron will be so jealous."
"You will learn a way of fighting where you don't need a wand," Remus told him.
"Sirius was always better than me, but James and I never took it seriously, and even Sirius wasn't good at it.
And although Ron is a great friend, I would hesitate to tell him about it.
No doubt it will reach Dumbledore's ears, and a prank is only perfect if no one knows it was you."
Harry nodded in agreement, and then a question popped up, one he felt he needed to ask "Remus, where are we actually going?
"A/N: I wished I owned Harry Potter.
Alas, I do not.
Ms. Rowling, I'd be happy to take it off your hands.
A/N: Wow huge time jump!
Don't worry, over time, mainly through flashbacks and a few hints what Harry did over the summer will be revealed.
For now, it's back to Hogwarts!
Chapter 4: Time for a Train Ride September, 1994 "Harry!"
Harry looked up and saw Hermione just in time to not be driven back by the force of the hug.
"It's so good to see you."
"It's wonderful to see you to!"
Harry said, delighted to see his best friend.
He had missed Hermione, and letters only went so far.
They had tried to stay in touch, but owl post took some time, and they had only exchanged 4 letters each that summer.
Harry was somewhat hampered in regards to what he could say due to the promises and oaths his host had told him to take.
Harry always took promises seriously, so while he knew a fair amount about Hermione's summer, Harry knew that his summer would be mostly a mystery to her, at least until he could speak to her face to face and he was released from his some of his oaths.
"Harry!"
Ron was right behind Hermione, and he looked miffed.
Harry sighed, but then saw two people he felt he must talk to immediately.
"One second, Ron," Harry said, walking around Hermione towards her parents.
"Mr. and Ms. Granger.
I am so sorry.
I was distracted the last time we met."
He extended his hand in greeting.
"I hope you'll give me a chance to make a better second impression.
I am Harry Potter, and Hermione is my best friend.
I can only hope to have the same distinction."
He heard Hermione give a small squeal behind him, and Harry hoped that the noise was driven by happiness.
He didn't need to look to know Ron was probably less than pleased by the statement, but Harry knew that while he might get a second chance to make an impression with Hermione's parents, he wouldn't get a third.
It helped that what he said was true.
"It's ok, Harry.
You had lot on your mind, I'm sure."
Ms. Granger smiled at him in a way that made him a little nervous, and Mr. Granger reached forward and patted him on the shoulder.
It took all of his concentration not to move out of the way.
"Did you have a good summer?"
"Well, it was productive," Harry said, knowing that he would get a lot of these questions.
He had thought up and discussed answers to potential questions with Remus last night.
It had been good to see his friend, as he was beginning to think of Remus, constantly over the summer.
Remus said he had changed, but he was interested to get the feedback of people his own age.
"Well, I'd think so," Mr Granger said.
"You look like you grew a foot!"
"4 inches," Harry said.
"It's nice to be taller than average."
He looked at Mr. Granger, who was easily past 6 feet.
"As I'm sure you are well aware of, Mr.
Granger."
"Indeed," Ms. Granger said, while Mr. Granger sputtered.
Harry turned to Hermione.
"Did you get a chance to go on holiday this year?"
"We actually spent a little time in Spain, but I was at The Burrow a lot."
Hermione looked at Harry, puzzled.
"I asked you to come a few times."
"I'll tell you the same thing I said in the letters, I was not allowed to leave this summer," Harry explained.
"That's so horrible, Harry!"
Hermione exclaimed.
"Yeah, we had tickets to the quidditch world cup.
I sent you an owl, but you never responded."
Ron had joined the conversation now.
"Ron, I did respond, the day I got your owl.
In fact, while Hermione responded to all 4 of my letters, you did not respond to any of them.
To be fair, I probably didn't write to either of you enough.
I busy enough this summer, and of course Hedwig was busy enough just returning all of Charlie's letters."
"Charlie?"
Hermione and Ron asked in tandem.
"I would hope you know your own brother, Ron?
He is a bit of a whirlwind, even worse than the twins."
Harry said with a laugh.
"Harry!"
Charlie called out, racing over to the young man with the green eyes.
"I was hoping to catch you before you ran off.
I spoke to a friend, and she got me the information you were curious about.
It was interesting to me too."
"This is great, thanks so much!"
Harry took the sheaf of papers and grabbed for his suitcase.
"Let me help," Mr. Granger said, and lifted the suitcase before Harry could grab it.
He stumbled a bit at the unexpected weight.
"Yikes, what do you have in there?"
"Just a few extra books, sir," Harry lied.
His host for the summer would have disapproved, but this was a lie that he was fairly comfortable with.
This summer quite a few people had tried to convince Harry to be careful with lies.
Harry had listened, and then discarded that advice whenever it was inconvenient, which was almost always.
According to many people, lies always caught up with you, but Harry was confident he could avoid that.
Keeping secrets seemed to be an occupational hazard for the boy-who-lived.
Harry grabbed the suitcase and with relatively little effort swung it up to his knee and slid the papers in.
"You know each other?"
Ron asked, still trying to wrap his head around his brother's appearance.
"We ran into each other this summer," Harry said before Charlie could answer and inadvertently reveal he had not been picked up by his uncle.
"Charlie's job sounded interesting, so we talked this summer all about his job and about Dragons.
They are fascinating creatures, though it makes sense why Norberta had to be given away.
It's a little scary.
They are dangerous animals."
"They are at that," Charlie said.
"Harry was a good pupil though.
Who knows," he said with a wink, "maybe I'll see you sooner than you think!"
He ruffled Ron's harry, and patted Harry on the shoulder.
"Have a good year!"
Charlie than walked off whistling, leaving Ron and the rest of the Weasleys a little stunned.
Charlie was indeed a whirlwind.
"Yikes, we should get going!"
Harry said, looking at his watch.
"Mr. and Ms. Granger, it was a pleasure to see you two again."
Both parents nodded.
"Mr. and Ms. Weasley, I'm sure we will catch up soon," he said to Arthur and Molly, both who could only nod dumbly.
"Let's getting going."
Harry, turned, tossed his suitcase onto his trolley and launched himself at the pillar that hid platform 9 and ¾.
He saw the train the moment he flashed through the pillar, and smiled.
This summer had been good, better than any summer in his life but he had missed Hogwarts and magic.
It was the first place that had felt like home.
"Come on," Hermione said as she walked past Harry, who was admiring the train.
"Let's get seated so I can help you with the homework you couldn't complete."
"Thanks Hermione," Ron said.
"Potions was near impossible this summer, and Charms wasn't much better."
"What do you need help with, Harry?"
"I'm actually all finished up."
Ron and Hermione gave him disbelieving looks.
Harry couldn't see the twins behind him, but he expected they looked more disappointed than surprised.
"I had the chance to see Remus Lupin a few times this summer.
He helped out a bunch."
"How did you see the professor?"
One of twins asked.
"Oh, Remus and my father were old friends.
We stayed in touch over the summer, and it made sense for him to help me with homework."
"The Dursleys were ok with a werewolf coming over?"
Hermione whispered.
Remus being a werewolf was not common knowledge, and Hermione, Ron, and Harry had agreed last year that they would not spread that fact.
Harry knew that any answer would be a flat-out and dangerous lie, so he used a tactic he had learned over the summer, and simply smiled.
Soon they were on the train and had taken a compartment.
The twins had headed off to find their year mates, and the compartment felt oddly empty.
"Give me a minute, you two," Harry said, standing and walking out of the compartment.
It took him two minutes to find his friend, but he walked back into the compartment with Neville in tow.
"Neville?"
Ron said, with almost disappointment in his voice.
Hermione remained silent, and Harry saw she was almost studying his face.
"Neville was actually super helpful this summer," Harry said, sitting down next to Neville, who sat next to Hermione.
The compartment opened and Dean Thomas flopped down next to Ron.
"He helped me understand my new but ridiculous position."
Harry had considered this, and figured that although Ron would be upset, this knowledge would distract from everything else.
"New position?"
Hermione asked.
"As Lord Potter," Harry said.
The odd interactions at the beginning of the summer had frustrated him to no end, and Remus had told him to reach out.
Acting on that, and had written to Neville Longbottom.
Sirius also suggested that a Slytherin might be a good contact so he had reached out to Daphne Greengrass as well, a Slytherin in their year.
She had been surprising helpful, and they had agreed to meet up after the opening feast.
"Thank god I am not in the Sacred 28.
That would be a mess.
Ron, maybe one day you can be Lord Weasley and outrank me!"
"What?"
Ron said, instantly annoyed by Harry's new status.
"The Weasleys are one of the sacred 28," Harry said.
"You forgot Harry," Neville said.
"If your family doesn't claim your rank with every new heir or the heir marries a muggle, you lose your rank.
The Weasleys lost their rank a while ago."
"Thanks Neville.
You really know your stuff!"
Harry said, and Neville looked down, blushing a little bit.
"So what did you get as Lord Potter?"
Hermione asked.
"Not much," Harry said.
"Honestly, I'm not all that sure about the specifics of my position."
Ron was glowering at him, while Hermione still seemed unsure.
"Hey Ron, do you happen to have a chess set with you?"
"Of course!"
Ron's bad mood was banished immediately, and Harry dived into the game, ignoring the conversation around him.
He vaguely registered a few other people had joined them in the department.
A few minutes in, Harry realized that while Ron was an excellent chess player, Harry would win.
That would defeat the purpose of playing Ron, so Harry intentionally made a few mistakes, and Ron managed to checkmate him after around 20 minutes.
"Wow," Ron said as he re-set the board.
"You got pretty good."
"Yeah, now I understand how good you really are," Harry said, and Ron smiled.
"So close, Harry!"
Seamus Finnegan moaned.
"We need a new Gryffindor chess champion.
I'm sick of losing to Ron."
"Again, Harry?"
Ron asked.
Harry took a moment to look at the people who had joined the compartment.
Seamus Finnegan, who shared a room with Harry, Ron, and Dean had joined them.
Along with them were two other 4th year Gryffindors, Lavendar Brown and Parvati Patil, along with her twin Padma, who Harry remembered as a Ravenclaw.
The blue t-shirt she was wearing suggested he was right.
Two more girls had joined their room, which meant it was filled to the brim.
Harry had not spent a lot of time with Hufflepuffs.
He remembered his quidditch game against them last year quite vividly:it was hard not to remember being attacked by dementors.
He had the occasional nightmare of that game.
In the end, it was worth it.
Seeing the look on his captain and friend Oliver Wood's face when he hoisted the quidditch cup was a memory worth using to summon Prongs.
That being said, Harry would happy to never see a dementor again.
Although his memories of Hufflepuff were mostly about that match, he was aware of the, frankly surprising, additions to their car.
Hannah Abbott and Susan Bones sat in the corner, talking quietly among them.
Susan had been focused on the board.
Ron had said they were both lookers last year, and Harry had agreed as a matter of course.
Now he could see Ron was correct, even if he would smack his friend on the head if he said the words "redhead with boobs" again.
Both girls were extremely good looking and were well on their way to becoming women and no longer being seen as girls.
"I think I'll let you keep the crown a little while longer," Harry said, and Ron laughed.
"I wouldn't mind a match," Susan said, and everyone in the car swung their head at her in surprise."
"You?"
Ron said, scoffing.
"Afraid to lose a girl, Weasley?"
Susan replied, and Harry held back a laugh as he saw Ron flush red.
Susan had chosen the perfect taunt, and 5 minutes later she had Ron pinned back.
He was playing emotionally, and making big mistakes which Susan easily seized upon.
Harry had watched the game with more interest than the rest of their friends at the beginning, and suspected that Susan was a better player than him as well.
Now everyone was watching as Susan moved closer and closer to checkmate, and finally she moved her rook all the way across the board.
"Checkmate," Dean said in a voice indicated his shock.
Seamus looked equally surprised.
In fact, the only person not surprised was Hannah, who looked entirely disinterested.
Harry would admit he knew close to nothing about the two Hufflepuffs, and probably less than that about their house as a whole.
But as he had learned that summer, experts at chess always had interesting stories to tell.
Now he knew he wanted to hear Susan's story.
"I want a rematch!"
Ron demanded.
"Maybe," Susan said, clearly considering his request.
"You are better than I expected."
"You can't just run off your victory!"
Ron protested.
"I think we are almost there, Ronald," Hermione said.
"Exactly," Susan said.
"Maybe we can play later this year, but I don't want to be rushed."
"Lost to a girl?"
A mocking voice came from the door to the cabin.
Harry saw Malfoy, flanked by Crabbe and Goyle.
"Even more pathetic now, Weasley."
"I bet I could beat you too," Susan said mildly.
First beating Ron at chess, and now challenging Draco?
Harry would be lying if he said that the last 30 minutes had not been eye opening.
"Why would I lower myself to play someone of your level?"
Malfoy said as he sneered at her.
"Last I checked, your family lost their seat in the Wizengamot," Hannah told Draco.
"Susan will become Lady Bones in 3 years.
But you will still be nothing."
Draco's face went red, and he dived into his robe, presumably looking for his wan.
/N: I wished I owned Harry Potter.
Alas, I do not.
Ms. Rowling, I'd be happy to take it off your hands.
A/N: I have been stunned by the reaction to this story.
I was expecting to have maybe 20 follows and 10 favorites so far.
To have close to 100 favorites and close to 200 followers is amazing.
Thank you guys and gals so much for following, favoriting and reviewing.
If you want to review, I would really appreciate it if you create an account.
It takes less than 5 minutes and I love being able to respond to my reviews.
No time jump this time!
Hope you are liking the cliffhangers, even though I don't plan on using them that much.
Credit to Jeff Winger (Joel McHale and Dan Harmon) for observations on arguments Chapter 5: Snakes, Old and New September, 1994 All summer, it had been drilled into him.
If you have to reacting to an attack, you are already too late.
So in the time it took Draco to fish out his wand and point it at Hannah, Harry was already across the compartment.
A word started to form on Draco's lips, but he stopped and yelped in pain as Harry struck his forearm, causing him to drop his wand.
"Nice wand," Harry said as he scooped it up and tossed it to Draco.
Now that he was right next to him, he wasn't worried about Draco having the wand.
Now he was ready to act, not react "Last I checked, the school year started after Dumbledore's speech.
Hermione, back me up?"
"Not perfect.
The year starts the moment the sorting hat sits on the first new student's head."
Hermione said confidently.
"So, I guess wand use is still illegal then," Harry told Draco.
"And is that a prefect I see coming down the corridor?"
Draco snapped his head in the direction Harry had looked, and Harry slammed the door in Draco's face.
"What a git," Harry said as he sat back down.
"Honestly, not seeing Malfoy or Snape is one of my favorite things about summer break."
Everyone in their car was looking at him silently, and Seamus mouth had fallen wide open.
"What you guys don't agree?"
"Malfoy is intolerable," Susan said, regaining her voice before the rest.
"Slytherins are the worst."
"Don't be too quick to judge."
Harry said.
"It's unfair to paint everyone in one house by the same brush."
Some of the mouths were even lower.
"Not everyone in Gryffindor is as brave as Neville.
I'd be shocked to learn that everyone is Slytherin is as nasty as Malfoy.
Malfoy and his friends are unpleasant-" Harry was cut off as Malfoy swung the door open.
"Whoops.
Like Beetlejuice, I guess."
Harry had seen the famous movie that summer, and his comment caused Hermione to laugh a little.
Of course being raised muggle, Hermione was the only person with a chance to see the classic muggle flick.
"Potter!"
Malfoy growled, though his wand was out of sight.
"Draco, please go slither somewhere else," Harry said.
They were getting very close, and for Ron's sake, he wanted Hermione to get a chance to look over his summer homework.
"No one talks to me like that!"
Malfoy yelled.
"If you don't want to be talked to like that, you are more than welcome to leave," Harry said.
"Nobody is stopping you."
Malfoy stood there speechless, and then turned harshly and walked away, his two goons in tow, realizing he had dug his own grave.
"How did you do that, Harry?"
Dean asked.
"The thing with arguments," Harry began to explain, "is that anyone who tries to pick an argument has already lost.
Because they give you most of the ammunition with holes in what they say.
You don't argue with Draco, you let him argue with himself."
He saw that he had lost most of the people in the cabin.
"Ok, I'll try and explain it the same way I learned this summer.
When someone argues, they create a circle around something they deem to be true.
Everything outside of that circle is a lie in this argument."
"What's the point?"
Ron snapped.
"I wouldn't expect you to get it, because I haven't made it yet," Harry said, as patiently as he could without sounding condescending.
He handled the patient part well enough, but Ron's eyes narrowing made Harry realize he not done a good job at hiding the condescension.
"Only truly brilliant people choose an argument that is so self-contained that everything is inside the circle.
Hermione is much smarter than everyone in this compartment, but I doubt she could do it."
"Woah," Neville said.
"A demonstration might help."
Harry turned to Hermione.
"Come on then."
"Ok," Hermione said.
She looked around for a second.
"It's stupid not to do your summer homework."
"Why are you calling it summer homework?"
Harry challenged "Because that is what it is called?"
Hermione was less confident the moment Harry challenged her.
He hesitated, not wanting to beat her so easily.
He would have to apologize later.
"Is it?
Or is it just homework that we have to do, and you choose to do it over the summer?"
"I guess the second?"
"But there is so much to do in the summer we can't do at Hogwarts.
Besides, you don't even have the library."
Hermione nodded, a little stunned that Harry had dismantled her argument in a matter of seconds.
"Hermione, don't worry, you are right.
Doing the homework was the right call in real life.
That was just an example of how to argue efficiently.
Do you see what I did there?"
"Yeah," Susan said.
"Once she said summer homework, you used the word summer to lock her into a corner."
Harry nodded, impressed.
It had taken Susan 5 minutes something that took him a week to understand.
Granted, in that week he learned how to do it but he saw from the nodding heads that the Patil twins had picked it up as well.
"Oh," Neville said, smacking his head.
"I get it."
"You do?"
Dean said in surprise.
"Harry, can you do it again?"
The train squealed, and Harry felt the movement stop.
"Ask me again at the feast," Harry said.
He stood and swung down Hermione's trunk from the rack at the top of the compartment, and handed it to her.
He grabbed Ron's with his off hand, while his dominant right hand grabbed his own.
He handed it off to Ron as he heard whispers behind him.
Hermione was right behind him.
"Don't think I forgot how you disarmed Draco," Hermione whispered.
"You wouldn't be Hermione if you forgot," Harry remarked as they walked to the nearest opening off the train.
He saw his friend Hagrid waving to first years, and Harry shot him a smile, returned by the massive man.
"Will you tell me how you did it?"
"I can show you," Harry countered.
"It's easy to learn."
"Let me re-phrase the question."
Hermione paused for a second, clearly thinking.
"Ok. Where did you learn to do that, and who taught you?"
"That's two questions," Harry said with a laugh.
It was an easy deflection, and by then Ron and Seamus had caught up to them.
Harry expected Hermione to persist, and had a bag full of deflections ready, but she stayed quiet as the 4th year Gryffindors, boys and girls alike piled into the carriage, her eyes boring into the side of his skull.
They had lost one of the Patil sisters and Susan and Hannah, but the carriage was still too crowded.
Ron and Seamus were happily chatting away, which gave Harry a few blissful minutes to close his eyes.
Then Neville jogged him with an elbow.
Harry nodded his thanks and stepped out of the carriage.
Something struck him, and he tapped Neville's shoulder.
"Nev, we should probably talk for a moment."
Everyone continued into the castle, and Hermione turned and saw Neville and Harry lagging behind a bit.
"Go ahead, Hermione.
We will be right behind you."
She nodded, but looked concerned.
"Nev, I have to thank you and promise to not betray your trust."
"What are you talking about?"
Neville asked.
"You opened up to me about your parents this summer.
That was really brave, and I appreciate it.
I only shared it with my teacher, and not the specifics.
I promise I won't tell anyone, though I think you should consider telling someone else.
Maybe Hermione."
"You told Professor Lupin?"
Neville looked shattered.
"No, though he already knows.
He knew your parents before they got sick," Harry said.
"But you said teacher?"
Neville asked, clearly confused.
"You are correct, but there are a lot of different types of teachers.
A different teacher who saw your response, and said I should try to talk to you about real stuff.
Doing that over letters is hard but different than literal speech, so I understand if you don't want to talk about it.
But if you do, I'm here for you.
I think you have more friends than you think who would be understanding, and I'd be there to help if you want."
"Thanks Harry.
You are a good friend."
Harry nodded, and they walked into the castle.
The corridor was empty, and they hurried to try and catch up to their year mates.
"You never explained the teacher thing?"
"My teacher this summer was a man called Hayashi-Sensei.
Does that mean anything to you?"
Neville shook his head.
"I didn't think so.
So don't worry all that much about him.
I doubt he would betray your trust either, even if he doesn't know the specifics.
And Remus stepped down, so the only way people will know is if you choose to tell them."
"Yeah, I forgot Professor Lupin resigned," Neville said.
"He was great.
It's weird you call him by his first name."
"You don't call me Potter," Harry pointed out.
"Because it is rude to call friends by their last name," Neville pointed out.
"So if Professor is no longer my professor, and we are friends, I should call him Remus, right?"
"You are good at this arguing thing Harry."
Harry just nodded.
"Do you think we will get another Lockhart for defense?
I'll miss Professor Lupin."
Harry gave him a glance.
"Sorry, once a professor, always a professor.
I guess not with that moron Lockhart, but you know what I mean."
"I do, and I heard some rumors this summer.
More accurately, Remus heard some rumors, and reached out to me.
I think Dumbledore went full circle, at least if Remus was right."
Neville looked at him as they reached the great hall.
"We'll see soon."
Harry looked up at the dais where the teachers sat and saw the glass eye and wild look.
"That's not good," he said to himself.
"Not good at all."
The welcome feast was one of Harry's best events of the year.
It happened before his rotten luck that came every year could hit, and he loved cheering for his new housemates.
After dinner, the new quidditch team captain and one of Harry's favourite sixth years came over to discuss the schedule for the year.
Harry groaned as he stood and the first years followed the Gryffindor prefects out of the hall.
This was one of the conversations he was not looking forward.
"Angelina, I really hate to do this, but I don't know if I can play this year."
She looked shocked, and she drew in breath to respond angrily.
"I haven't decided yet, but if we have this discussion around other people, it might force me to make a decision we'd both regret."
The captain nodded.
"I'll come find you later, ok?"
Angelina walked off, though Harry could tell she was upset, and that the discussion was clearly not close to over.
"Yikes."
Harry turned and found Neville following the first years.
"Nev." Harry waved Neville over.
"Come on, we have to meet someone."
Neville nodded without question, but as they walked out of the great hall a different way from everyone else, he saw Hermione, arms crossed, at their entrance.
"Harry, where are you going?"
"It's not curfew for a few hours.
I'd prefer to not be the first person to lose points.
I'll be back in a bit."
"Dragging Neville along in your schemes now?"
Hermione frowned as she fell in beside them.
"If you want to follow that's fine, but let's keep it down."
Neville and Hermione nodded as Harry went up a few staircases until he made it to the 5th floor landing, and then walked into a classroom.
He saw a blond haired girl facing the board, and she turned and nodded to him as he walked in.
Her eyes narrowed as she saw the two people behind him.
"Brought a few witnesses just in case, Potter?"
The girl snarled and made to leave.
"Daphne, no need to be nasty.
Neville was the person who gave me most of the information, and Hermione is my best friend.
What's the problem?"
"The problem is that it would not be great for me to be seen talking to Potter, let alone 3 Gryffindors.
You make a lot of kids in our house scared, and Draco has more power than I would like."
Harry searched for a response, but Hermione was quicker off the mark.
"Harry was saying on the train that we shouldn't judge all Slytherin by Malfoy.
I assume he meant you, because he clearly didn't mean Crabbe and Goyle.
Was he wrong?"
Daphne hesitated, but after a moment she leaned against the desk a teacher would normally stood at.
"Unfortunately Potter was right.
And I did promise to help, for a price.
Our deal is still valid?"
"What deal?"
Hermione asked, clearly incensed.
"Daphne told me why we need dress robes this year, among other things."
Harry said.
Neville and Hermione looked at him expectantly.
He gestured to Daphne.
"My parents let me know what the special event Dumbledore alluded to was.
It's the Tri-Wizard tournament."
Harry already knew, so he enjoyed the reaction from Neville and Hermione as they both inhaled sharply.
"Along with that, there will be a ball over Christmas, the Yule Ball.
I told Potter I would help him learn all about his rights as Lord Potter, since I will inherit myself in a few years, but in exchange I get first dibs for the ball."
"That means that if someone asks me to the ball, I have to ask Daphne first.
If she says she wants to go with me, I have to say yes unless I am already going with someone that she has okayed."
Neville and Hermione were both surprised.
"I know, I was as surprised as you."
"Don't be a jerk Potter."
"Daphne, if you are going to be my girlfriend," she frowned at the word, "just kidding.
But I hope we can at least try to be friends."
"Maybe," the blond haired Slytherin said.
"Well, a good start would be calling me Harry.
None of my friends call me Potter.
In fact, only Snape and Draco do.
Pretty poor company, even for a Slytherin."
"You know most of my year mates and housemates would take offense at that comment?"
Harry just shrugged, and Daphne sighed, kicking herself up onto the Professor's Desk.
"Very well.
I do want a chance at that date so I can embarrass you.
What can I help you with, Harry?
"A/N: I wished I owned Harry Potter.
Alas, I do not.
Ms. Rowling, I'd be happy to take it off your hands.
A/N: I'm sure my timeline is less than perfect, but I have a strategy for the way I will present things.
I think any fanfiction that starts around 4th year is building towards one thing, and while it will take time the story will get there.
Chapter 6: Guardians and Exercise September, 1994 "Excited for Divinations this year?"
Ron asked Harry as they sat in the common room.
"What new ways do you think you are going to die?"
"I dropped divinations," Harry said, half distracted.
"The grim I saw was clearly a good thing.
Didn't make much sense to stay in the class.
It's not like Pettigrew went back to his master.
He just ran away.
So she was 0 for 2.
Didn't want to waste my time."
"You are leaving me there alone?"
Harry gave Ron a flat stare "I'm sure you can handle it," Harry told Ron.
"Besides, now that I am taking Ancient Runes.
When I talked to Remus over the summer, he recommended it.
Said it would be useful for Defense."
He laughed a bit.
"That is the only thing I am good at, so anything that helps out should be useful."
"It will be no fun with Trewlany without you!"
Ron complained.
"You are taking Ancient Runes?"
Hermione asked, clearly pleased.
"Yeah, I tried to catch up over the summer, but I'm sure I'm a little behind.
I'm counting on you to help, if that's ok." "Of course that's ok!"
Hermione told Harry excitedly.
"Do you want me to look at your essay to see where you are?"
"That would actually be brilliant!"
Harry nodded and ran up the stairs.
A minute later he ran do the stairs with multiple scrolls of parchment.
"Here it is!"
Ron took a look at the paper and gagged.
There was at least 3 parchments full of writing.
On the other hand, Hermione was nodding appreciatively "Thank god that isn't me."
Ron shook his head as he stood up.
"I'll see if Dean or Seamus is up for a game of snaps."
He wandered off and Hermione reached for the first scroll.
"Hermione, what are you doing?"
Harry asked.
"Reading your essay, right?"
Hermione was clearly confused.
"My essay is fine.
I'm not aiming for an O. Nev," Harry whispered and gestured his friend over.
"Hermione, we need to discuss what Daphne just told us, and Ron might get a little sensitive."
"Oh," Hermione said.
Neville nodded enthusiastically.
"You don't feel bad excluding Ron?"
"At first I did, but I thought about Ron reacted to some other things I got, like the firebolt.
If he hadn't gone after you like that, I probably wouldn't have been as mad as you, or at least would have let you explain."
Harry paused, thinking through his answer.
"I think while he was mad you took the broom away, part of his anger was around the fact that I had gotten my second amazing broom, and he still didn't have anything."
"That doesn't make sense," Hermione said.
"Ron might get jealous at times, but I think his love for quidditch overpowers any jealousy."
"So the two can't coexist?"
Neville said, and Harry nodded as well.
"Imagine if first year you had chosen me to go with you instead of Ron.
Harry rolled his eyes at the thought of Ron being left behind.
Not only would he have been impossible to deal with, but they would have lost the chess game… "Neville, you have been good at Herbology since first year right?"
"It's usually my best subject," Neville told him.
Harry shook his head in frustration.
"What is it?"
"Nothing important," Harry said, silently cursing.
Dumbledore had expected Neville to join them, not be stunned by Hermione.
That way, everyone would have had a task.
Ron would play chess, Harry would catch the key, Neville would tell them to relax for Devil's snare or scare it with sunlight, and Hermione would solve the puzzle.
Ron was lucky to be alive, because Hermione had done more than her part.
What would have happened if Ron had died before the chess game?
It might have been impossible for Quirrell to get the stone, but so many things would have gone wrong from that moment on.
"Never mind."
Harry took one of the pieces of parchment and took out a quill.
The piece of parchment was empty.
"While I remember everything she said, I figure I should write it down.
Ok?"
"Good idea," Hermione said.
"The first thing she said was that if you had houses that died with no heirs, then you could absorb them into your house and get their seats in the Wizengamot.
Also, when you become an adult, you get access to a bunch of different vaults.
There are also some special laws around underage magic we need to look into-" "Slow down!"
Harry told Hermione, his quill moving so quickly that the parchment had blotches on it.
"I can only write so fast."
"Harry, she said you can petition the DMLE!"
Hermione whispered.
Harry nodded and shot her a look that suggested they would discuss the implications of that revelation later, when Neville was not around.
It wasn't that he didn't trust Neville, but the fewer people that knew about Sirius the better.
Ron and Hermione would keep the secret and of the two Hermione was the only one who knew the entire story.
"Good point Hermione!"
Harry said overly loudly as he wrote down that he could now donate money to the ministry.
Neville nodded as he saw the new point.
"But there was one thing Daphne couldn't help me with, and I think it is the most important question I had."
"What?"
"Why now?"
Harry asked.
Neville and Hermione looked confused.
"Nothing of real importance happened last year.
I'm not an adult, and I didn't get any special permission last year.
So what happened that led to me being named Lord Potter?
It must have happened right after school."
"No, it didn't" Neville said.
Harry glanced at Neville, and saw his friend's brow scrunched furiously as he thought.
"That wouldn't make sense.
The only thing you did at the end of last year was not annoy Snape as much as before.
Someone in the Ministry must have found something out, a fact that was hidden and disqualifying before and made a special request.
Then Minister Fudge could approve it regardless of what the governing body thinks.
Then it could be sent out to a select group of people."
"Ok," Harry said, a little sceptical.
"I'm sure of it," Neville told him.
"The weird thing is that you should have gotten a letter with the details from the head of underage magic, as well as a letter from your magical guardian with instructions to meet and discuss the rules."
"Magical guardians?"
Hermione asked.
Harry shrugged, he was just as confused by the term as Harry was.
"Harry, as a pureblood you are supposed to have someone to teach you all about the magical world."
"Nev, I'm not a pureblood.
My mom was muggle-born through and through."
"That's impossible," Neville told him.
"I'm pretty sure I would know about my own mom," Harry said, a little annoyed by Neville's stubbornness.
"Harry, if one of your parents were muggle-born, then you would lose your status as Lord.
Why do you think there are so few left?"
Neville asked.
Harry didn't have a response.
"As a Lord, you need to have a magical guardian."
"It could be Padfoot!"
Hermione said.
"Yeah, but he can't help me much," Harry replied, a feeling of sadness washing over him.
"I don't know who Padfoot is, but why can't he help you?"
Neville asked.
"He is kind of an international fugitive," Harry said, almost blushing in his embarrassment.
"That doesn't matter," Neville said.
Harry was surprised by the authority in his dormmate's voice.
Neville was different this year, and Harry wondered if it was because he had finally unburdened himself about his parents to a friend.
It was nice for both of them to have someone to talk to who fully understood the tragedy that was so important to their early years, even if Augusta Longbottom sounded like a much better guardian than the Dursleys.
"If circumstances meant you needed a new guardian, the head of the Wizengamot would assign one, and I'm sure Dumbledore chose a good one."
"So how do I figure out who it is?"
Harry asked, willing to take Neville on his word.
"I have no idea," Neville said.
"I can write a letter to my gran, and she can tell me.
I'm sure she would be happy to help.
She was thrilled when I got the letters you this summer."
"It is no big deal, Neville.
You were very helpful," Harry told him.
"No, you don't understand."
Neville leaned in a little bit.
"You were the first friend to ever owl me over the summer."
Neville seemed very embarrassed, and Harry, even though he wasn't a big fan of physical contact, patted Neville on the shoulder, knowing the gesture would mean a lot to him.
"Well, I won't be the last," Harry told him confidently.
"I'm sure of that."
Neville nodded, but he was clearly embarrassed by the secret he had just told Harry.
"I think that until I figure out who my guardian is, then we are stuck.
Might be good to have a chat with Daphne after all that."
"She is in our runes class," Hermione said.
"She is very good at that, even better than me."
"Seriously?"
Harry asked in surprise.
"I'd never expect you to admit that."
"Harry, all of my good grades are because I work hard.
I can't overcome a good work ethic and natural talent, and Daphne is a genius.
I beat her at all other subjects, and I am second best in runes, though Susan occasionally beats me at arithmancy.
Not often, but every now and then.
Of course you are better than me at defense practicals."
"And you never introduced us to your other friends?"
Harry said with a laugh.
"Well, you know how Ron gets with snakes," Hermione said, and Harry nodded.
"I didn't know you knew her."
"I don't.
Remus just suggested I owl her over the summer.
The Greengrass family is one of the sacred 28, and she gives good advice."
"It helps that she has a crush on you too."
"She definitely doesn't" Harry replied, and Hermione raised an eyebrow.
"She is just messing with me.
But that doesn't explain why you never introduced Susan."
"Well, that would be-" Hermione stopped, looking at Harry with an odd expression in her eye, "tough to do.
But she stayed in our compartment this year."
Harry nodded, but Hermione had already turned away "Why would she do that this year?"
Hermione said to herself, but both Harry and Neville heard her, and were both confused.
"We should get to bed," Harry told Hermione, but she was clearly not listening.
"Good night," but Hermione was still a world away, and Harry shook his head and he and Neville walked up the stairs in the boys' dormitory until they reached their room.
Seamus and Ron were engaged in a game of exploding snap, and since Dean was not there, Harry assumed his third roommate was in the bathroom.
He went over to his trunk and removed a small bar with screws on the end.
If Dean was in the bathroom, Harry would have to use the door by the stairs, which he wasn't super comfortable with, but needs must.
He slipped the bar in between the door frame and messed with the screws until it fit firmly.
He then removed his robe and Neville gasped in surprise.
"Harry, what did you do over the summer?"
"What do you mean Neville?"
Harry asked as he rolled up his sleeves.
"Your arms are massive!"
Harry looked down and didn't see anything of note.
Yes, his upper body was more developed, but this was true even on the train.
Then he realized that his robe had covered most of his body's changes.
"If you think they are impressive, wait until you see my abs," Harry joked, but Neville just nodded dumbly.
Sighing, Harry grabbed the bar and began to pull himself up so that his stomach was over the bar, and then lowering himself again.
The pull ups were part of a routine he had promised to do every day when he returned to school.
He did 3 sets of 20, his face covered in sweat by the time he was done.
"Harry, what are you doing?"
Lee Jordan asked, standing just outside their door.
"Exercise," Harry explained tersely.
His breath was coming quickly, and he hated that in just two days of inactivity he was weaker.
He took the bar down and tossed in on his bed.
Next were alternating crunches and push-ups, and Harry did 4 sets of 25 each, even though he was only supposed to do 3.
"Ok," Lee said as Harry finished his next exercise and started squat jumps.
"Why?
Is that good for quidditch?"
Harry paused for a second and realized that a demonstration might cause problems.
At the same time, Ron and Seamus were looking at him curiously as well.
Harry knew that showing off was generally not an attractive quality, but the small part of him that felt like he was treated badly in school screamed out and Harry couldn't push it away.
"Ok, hold you wand out," Harry told Lee.
The older Gryffindor frowned, and Harry gave him a patronizing smile.
"Don't worry, I won't hurt you."
Lee had a slow temper, but Harry could tell he was annoyed as he took his wand from his pocket.
Harry was already moving, and his leg snapped out, extending fully and knocking Lee's wand away.
Lee's eyes followed the wand as it fell down the stairs, and Harry followed up, throwing a right hook that stopped less than an inch away from his jaw.
"Woah," Neville said as Lee turned and Harry saw his shock as he realized that Harry could have punched him.
"Sorry, I think you wand should be okay," Harry said, and Lee's eyes widened as he rushed down the stairs.
Harry saw him coming back up a few seconds, relieved that his wand was unharmed.
"I would feel horrible if I damaged it.
Let me know if it doesn't work, and I can get you a new one."
"It looks fine," Lee said.
"If it's damaged, you can even the score by telling me how to do that."
"I can't really tell you," Harry said.
"It's a little complicated."
Lee nodded his head as Harry resumed his squat jumps.
After the squat jumps he started to stretch, first his legs and then his chest and arms.
He looked up as he lay on the ground and started the complicated stretches his master had called yoga, and found that Fred and George had joined Lee in the doorway, as well as one younger student whose name Harry did not know.
They were wearing their Weasley jumpers which allowed Harry to distinguish them.
Though knowing the twins, it was very likely they would change their jumpers to mess with everyone "Harry, why are you so sweaty?"
George asked.
"That looks like it hurts," Fred said.
"Yeah, it really hurt the first few times.
But it is really good at relaxing your mind and body," Harry said as he flipped over.
"You should have seen it!"
Lee told them, clearly excited.
"He kicked the wand right out of my hand and then he could have punched me!"
"We heard you the first 3 times," George said, clearly exhausted at hearing the story.
"Harry, why are you doing that?"
Fred asked.
"Long story," Harry said, cutting the yoga short.
The demonstration has clearly been a mistake, even if had allowed him to complete most of the workout uninterrupted.
"Can you teach me to fight like that?"
Seamus asked, and Harry grimaced.
"I'm not really qualified to teach anyone," Harry replied, uncomfortable at being asked to teach when he needed to learn a lot more on his own.
His master would find his predicament funny, especially since it was Harry, who loved learning new things.
"How did you learn to do that anyways?"
Ron asked.
Harry just shook his head and walked into the bathroom.
He turned on the shower and just let the water run over his body as he thought about Ron's question.
Hard work, more hard work, and a little more hard work piled on top of that.
His summer had been hard, but a very different hard than his past summers with the Dursleys.
It had been the first summer where he felt his life begin to truly chang.
/N: I wished I owned Harry Potter.
Alas, I do not.
Ms. Rowling, I'd be happy to take it off your hands.
A/N: So how does Harry know all of this?
This will be the first of a few flashbacks.
I like hiding information until it becomes necessary, so this won't answer all the questions, though it is a start Chapter 7: A New Master June, 1994 "So they teach fighting with your body?"
Harry looked incredulous.
"Why would I need to do that when I can just throw a stunner?"
"Harry, how many stunners do you think you could throw before you became tired?"
Harry paused, thinking through Remus' question.
He had never thought about his limit before.
"Let me try it this way.
How did you feel after casting your patronus?"
"Really happy, but then I was exhausted," Harry told the werewolf.
"Exactly!"
Remus smiled at Harry.
"What if you had to fight someone after doing that?
Your magic is almost gone, so how would you fight?"
Harry floundered for an answer, not finding one on the top of his tongue.
"Do you see the reasoning now?"
"A little," Harry said, though he was still very skeptical.
"This all sounds a little crazy."
"Trust me," Remus said.
"The person who runs this school could easily beat me, Sirius, and your father together without using his magic.
He is a very dangerous guy, but an excellent teacher.
If you can keep your temper in check, you will find a very good instructor who will be a friend for life."
"My temper?"
Harry asked, though he more stunned by the fact that there was a man who had no magic who could beat Sirius and Remus together.
"Yes, Harry.
He will knock you down often, and you will have to do a lot of exercises.
It will frustrate you, not being allowed you to use your wand for simple tasks.
I guess he will do it until you snap at him.
That will not be a pleasant lesson, but it will be the most important one," Remus explained.
"Aren't you giving away the secret?"
Harry asked.
"Don't worry," Remus told him with a laugh.
"You won't remember after your first few days."
The bus screeched to a stop and Remus took Harry's arm and led him off a bus.
Harry looked around, and it looked like a normal neighborhood.
But Remus pointed at one building Harry had not noticed, and his jaw dropped.
"Impressive, right?"
Harry could not see anything but the wall.
It must have been 15 feet tall, and it was made of a black stone Harry had never seen before.
It looked tough, and Harry felt like it must have been a thick wall too, even though he couldn't prove it.
Then his eyes lit on the door.
It looked like steel, though in the moonlight the door almost seemed to shine.
There were some odd scribbles on it.
"Are those Runes?"
Harry asked as Remus walked up to the wall.
"The marks on the door?"
Remus replied, studying the wall as Harry nodded.
"No they are characters in another language.
Lot of languages in the world, and though I can't read Japanese those characters are the three values that this school ascribes to.
Respect, Diligence, and Excellence.
In that order."
Remus chuckled as he placed his wand on the wall.
"Found it."
He tapped his wand on the wall in a few places.
The wall seemed to tremble, and then Remus sketched a pattern on the wall with his wand.
"Wow!"
Harry said in amazement as the wall seemed to swing open for him.
"Just like Diagon Alley!"
"Where do you think Diagon Alley got the idea?"
Remus said, his eyes twinkling.
"Come on, it will close in a few seconds, and I don't think I could open the main door."
Harry nodded and scampered through the wall, and Harry saw Remus look around but then followed him.
The wall swung shut just as Remus cleared the gap.
"What is this place?"
Harry asked.
It looked like there was a lake, with a bridge going over it.
There were also huge circles filled with what looked like pebbles, and a few massive plants.
There were also three structures, all fairly tall but in a style Harry had never seen before.
The rest of the massive interior was short grass that Harry could faintly make out in the moonlight.
"Who are you?"
The voice was harsh, and all of the sudden Harry felt a wand underneath his chin.
He glanced over, and saw a wand was pointed at Remus' chest as well.
"Well?"
"Is that how you greet an old friend?"
Remus said mildly.
"I would expect better hospitality at the Hayashi School."
"Remus?"
A voice said incredulously.
A man of Asian descent stepped out of the shadows, lowering his wand as he did.
His eyes lit on Harry's old professor and he hugged him, a gesture Remus returned.
"Where are the rest of your marauding friends?"
The man drew back, clearly pleased to see one of the marauders.
"Well, you know about James," Remus said quietly, and the man nodded.
"I have not seen you since that happened.
Allow me to offer my sympathy."
The man then turned to Harry and nodded his head.
Just like that the wand under Harry's chin disappeared.
His eyes adjusted to the dark, and he saw a boy a few years older than him staring at him curiously.
Like the man Remus had greeted, he had close cropped black hair and brown eyes, as well as a muscular build.
"Harry, let me introduce you to Takashi Hayashi.
He will be your host and master this summer."
Remus said, indicating the adult.
"Host will not be a problem.
I will be happy to provide a room for a son of the marauders.
You were my best British magical students.
But whether or not I will be his master is up for discussion.
Harry, is it?"
Harry nodded.
"For now, you should address me as Hayashi-san.
"Yes, Hayashi-san."
Harry said.
He saw Remus mimic lowering his head and Harry lowered his head in a half bow.
"Good manners," Hayashi-san said in approval.
"That's a start.
But Remus, I did express my concern in your letter saying you would visit.
I did not expect a companion or perspective student."
Harry jumped a bit at that announcement.
He hadn't seen Remus send a letter of any kind.
Hayashi-san noticed the reaction and turned angrily on Remus.
"You did not plan this?"
"It's a long story," Remus said tiredly, and all the sudden Harry felt the exhaustion of a long day catch up with him, and almost stumbled a bit, and might have fallen if Remus did not catch him.
"Harry is dead on his feet.
We can talk later."
Harry felt his consciousness start to fade, but he felt strong arms pick him up, and he also seemed to remember be deposited on a mattress on the floor.
Then his eyes closed and everything was quiet.
The sound of birds the next morning woke Harry, who stretched his back and yawned as the sun shone in his window.
He looked down, and saw a bundle of white cloth on the ground.
Then he saw the blanket wrapped around him, and gave a start.
This was not Hogwarts, and Harry reached for his wand, but did not find it there.
He jumped up and ran to the door of this mysterious room, and swung it open.
The door was some kind of paper screen, and Harry almost broke it in his panic.
He raced down the stairs, still shoeless and stopped as he entered the courtyard.
Now that it was light, he could see the bridge and pond clearly.
The flowers were vibrant shades of blue, yellow and purple, and birds floated around them, singing joyfully.
He saw three girls around his age swinging staffs around in the air, and they turned and looked at him, laughing a little.
Harry's ears flushed as he realized the odd clothing around him left his chest rather uncovered.
"Harry!"
Harry looked up and saw a young man jogging over to him.
He wore similar clothes, but the top of his robe was closed, and Harry quickly grabbed the cloth wrapping around the top of his robe and tied it, still confused as to where he was.
"You are up earlier than I expected.
You looked dead to the world when I check on you earlier today."
"I'm sorry."
Harry said miserably as the memories from the day before came crashing over him.
He had to struggle to keep his tears in, knowing that he was bound to be kicked out the day he had come to this new place.
Uncle Vernon would administer a harsh beating if he ever missed getting up to prepare breakfast.
When Remus was forced to deposit him at Privet Drive, Harry was worried he might be killed by beating.
But at the moment the beating that was coming from this young man was his concern and he cringed, tensing up.
"What's wrong?'
The boy asked, and Harry looked up from under his arms and recognized the boy as the person who had held a wand under his neck the last night.
"I'm sorry for oversleeping!
It will never happen again, just please let me talk to Remus before you throw me out!"
Harry cried out.
The boy just looked at Harry curiously.
"Why would we throw you out?"
"I overslept and didn't make breakfast."
Harry instantly shut his mouth.
It didn't look like this boy was going to beat him, and Harry had given him a reason to do so.
"Akira!"
A loud voice called.
There were a few boys in the courtyard with staffs as well, and both the sets of boys and girls whipped their staffs in front of them and bowed towards the large man who now strode towards them.
"You said the boy would be asleep longer!"
"Sorry, Sensei," Akira said, bowing a little bit.
Harry copied the bow, very nervous now.
"He looked exhausted, and I thought it best to let him sleep until he awoke naturally."
"Or course," the older man said, and Harry remembered that the man had asked to be called Hayashi-San last night.
"You missed breakfast, Harry!"
(Takashi Hayashi POV) He saw the boy cringe at the mention of breakfast "I'm so sorry, I promise I will wake up tomorrow and make it.
Please don't throw me out!"
The boy looked terrified, and as Takashi reached out to pat him on the shoulder, he saw the boy tense up.
He withdrew his hand, and looked at Akira, who just shrugged.
His son was clearly as confused as he was.
Remus had said the boy had a tough childhood, but this behavior was unusual.
"Harry, you don't have to wake up and make breakfast," Akira told the boy.
"You are not in trouble, if that is what you are worried about."
"I'm sorry, it won't happen again," Harry said, almost if his son had not said anything to him.
Then Takashi recognized the look in the boy's eye.
It was fear, fear that something painful and hurtful was coming.
It was a look that Takashi had not seen in a long time, and to see a boy who was a carbon copy of James with the look in his eye filled Takashi with red-hot anger, which he kept off his face.
James had always had a smile on his face when he had stayed here.
He did not devote himself to hard work, but of the 4 marauders he was the heart of the group, making Remus laugh, Sirius smile, and make Peter feel included.
Takashi saw James in Harry's messy black hair and hidden smile, but saw the same fear that Peter carried in this young boy, and felt indescribable anger towards Peter, or Wormtail as he had called himself.
Takashi could never believe that anyone would betray James, but to learn that Sirius had been punished unfairly and that Peter was responsible for the death of another marauder, the one who was kindest to him felt like a slap to Takashi, who remembered the crazy look in Sirius's eyes in the newspaper article.
Now this boy was before him, clearly expected to be hit for sleeping past breakfast time.
Takashi couldn't believe what he was seeing.
A hard childhood was one thing.
But being beaten, that was something else entirely.
Yet the boy in front of him was used to that.
Remus had not been entirely honest with him, but while the boy in front of him might bear the monicker of the-boy-who-lived, a more appropriate name might be the-boy-who-suffered, and no one who stayed in his house would feel that way.
"Come, Harry," Takashi said.
"Yes, Hayashi-san" the boy said, and trailed him into the indoor training space.
It was empty at that moment, as the only students on weekends were advanced students who were all training outside.
Takashi considered the best way to have the conversation he was having with the boy.
"So I understand you are the-boy-who-lived."
Takashi saw a glint of anger in Harry's eyes and had to hold back a smile.
Remus had been right-James's son had some fire in him.
"You don't like the name?"
"If that is what you want to call me that is ok." His face was a mask.
"I'll call you Harry then."
A wave of relief washed over the boy who nodded.
"Now, I'm going to ask you a few questions you might not like, but I would appreciate it if you did them anyways."
Harry nodded cautiously.
"The strap you have around you clothing, which is called a gi.
I'd like you to unbind it, and then slip the sleeves off.
I need to see your build."
As he suspected the boy hesitated.
"Harry, please."
Harry complied, even though it was clear the boy was unfamiliar with the clothes he was wearing.
Takashi was expecting that.
He was also now prepared to see a bruise or two.
What he was not expecting was more scars on his back than he was comfortable counting including one particularly long and jagged one.
Harry rotated at request, and Takashi saw a few less scars on the chest.
"What is the cause of the long scar?"
Takashi asked gently, as Harry slipped the sleeves back on and tightened the gi.
Harry was instantly defensive, and Takashi sighed.
This boy would be a project.
"Forgive me.
You do not have to answer that."
He looked outside, and saw Akira was standing there.
He felt a surge of pride as he saw disgust in his son's eyes, directed not at Harry but at the people who had put the scars on him.
Akira was standing in his golden gi, which was another note of pride for Takashi.
His son was an extremely talented wizard, and Takashi had been taking him to England for 3 months of the year in the summer to practice magic since he was a baby.
He had graduated from school this year in Japan as the top student, and his golden robes has signified that.
As a present his father had given him a golden gi to train in.
A white robe or gi would signify the use of the dark arts, so Harry wore a simple black gi, though the color would change one day if he took Harry on as his student and the boy showed proficiency.
"Akira!"
His son and top pupil snapped to attention and bowed.
They might be father and son, but Takashi expected the same level of respect from all his students in public.
In private his son was a little more informal, something that Takashi had instilled at a young age.
He expected some level of respect, but he always wanted his son to speak his mind and be confident, no matter what or who he faced.
"Yes father?"
"Give me one minute with Harry."
"Of course."
Akira walked out into the summer sunshine that was not always common in England.
"Harry, I promised to give you housing this summer, and I will honor that promise.
However, as you may recall from last night, I did not commit to train you.
Did Remus say what I would teach you, if I so choose?"
"He said something about fighting without magic or a wand?"
"That is certainly part of your education with me."
Takashi rubbed his shaved head, the stubble bothering him.
When his wife returned that night, she would shave it.
She hated the stubble.
"In essence, I will teach you to fight in many ways.
I have to ask, do you want to learn?
It will be a hard tutelage, and I do not think you will enjoy most of the summer."
"I believe I would like to learn."
"I am not your teacher yet.
This is the first and most important question I will ask you.
You have said you would like to learn.
Why?"
Harry's eyes took on a thoughtful look.
"Akira," Takashi called and his son walked back into the room.
"Yes father?"
"Show Harry around, and please be on your best behavior.
He is our guest this summer."
Akira bowed and beckoned to Harry.
"Harry, I expect your answer tomorrow morning."
Harry nodded and followed Akira out into the sun.
"I must ask that you return the boy to his relative's house," Dumbledore's head in the fire said.
"It is not safe for him or you, and the blood wards will soon fail.
"You think I cannot keep the boy safe?"
Takashi laughed cruelly.
"No normal Death Eaters could break my wards.
Even if they did, they would not like what they found here.
My son is also a graduate of Mahoutokoro and will provide more than adequate backup.
He was the top student this year, the equivalent of your head boy, and I taught him how to fight for real, not like the joke your students get."
"Voldemort and his followers are a real threat," Dumbledore head's continued.
"Has Europe's dark lord truly returned?"
Takashi countered.
"No-" "Then this discussion is pointless."
Takashi was angry at the famous English Wizard.
He had never been Dumbledore's biggest fan, but he saw the stability he gave England and Europe as a positive.
"What is your unholy obsession with this boy anyways?
Why send him back to a place where the litany of scars on his back are a map to great pain?"
"There is a lot going on that you do not understand."
Dumbledore's head in the fire was agitated.
"Then explain it to me!"
Dumbledore remained silent, and Takashi took a deep breath to calm his surging emotions.
"I had planned to bring in a guest instructor this summer for the more advanced students.
I think I will arramge for Nambung Sa Bum to come for the summer to teach a different style.
If you have concerns about his safety, I suggest you take it up with him."
Even in a fire, Dumbledore's obvious discomfort was obvious."
"No, no.
Nambung will more than suffice.
I expect Remus to be given regular access to the boy, as well as progress reports."
"Remus is a friend, and if he wants to send you reports I will read them beforehand.
As for what I am obliged to provide you, the only I promise is to return your student as a better wizard."
Takashi slashed his hand though the fire, ending the call.
"Is it wise to antagonize the most powerful wizard in Britain, maybe in all of Europe?"
His wife asked, coming up behind him.
"Kireina, there is nothing to worry about.
You did not see the scars I did today.
Besides, I was serious about having Nambung come to help this summer.
No one would dare attack with him here, though he would relish the chance to fight without restriction.
Nambung needs to cut loose every now and then, and anyone who recognizes his name wouldn't dare give him the opportunity!"
"That's true."
His wife looked at his hair critically.
"You need a haircut."
"If you wouldn't mind?"
"Call me beautiful again, and then just maybe."
Takashi laughed and turned to kiss his wif.
/N: I wished I owned Harry Potter.
Alas, I do not.
Ms. Rowling, I'd be happy to take it off your hands.
A/N: Back to the present!
Hope you liked the flashback!
It's time to meet a new professor, and hopefully it's not the one you expect.
Chapter 8: The Hayashi Family September, 1994 There were no bells chiming that normally awoke him at school.
His dormmates slumbered around him.
Ron's constant snores, although louder every year, were not what woke him.
Nor was it any type of bad dream, something that had plagued him over the summer.
Instead, he woke simply because it was time to wake up.
Harry slipped out of bed and looked at his watch as he fished around for clothes in his trunk and slipped on his watch.
At the end of the summer, Hayashi-San had declared that for the time being, he could be declared a senior student and temporary graduate, and gave him the watch as a present.
It was weird to think of Hayashi-San as anything other than Sensei, the Japanese word for teacher and master, but it was the truth for the time being.
He treasured the watch and along with his father's cloak it became one of his most prized possessions.
He treated it with extreme care although Hayashi-San had charmed it to never break.
It looked beautiful outside the dorm window, but Harry knew that even in summer, mornings in Scotland could look beautiful and still be bitterly cold.
There was not a cloud in the sky, but even as he looked for his trainers, Harry threw on sweatpants and a tracksuit top.
He hurried down the stairs, past the yawning fat lady and out into the courtyard.
Harry checked his watch as his breath made clouds in the air, the linger effects of the night's cold still filling the air.
It was 6:45, and Harry was a little later than anticipated.
He knew it had taken him time to readjust to school, get all his clothes in order, and get outside.
Nevertheless, if he acted like this over the summer, he would be on punishment for a week for being late, and he had owned an alarm clock over the break.
He promised to be quicker tomorrow, but at that moment it was more important to get started than it was to yell at himself.
He hadn't planned anything to do that morning.
Harry wryly remembered that he had realized that lack of planning was a flaw of his that he had planned to fix over the summer.
Obviously, he had not learned that lesson.
But his blood was flowing from his jog down the stairs, and Harry decided that a run around the lake might give him the inspiration and motivation he was currently lacking.
He set a tough pace but despite his heavy breathing and sweaty brow, a lap around the lake gave him no inspiration.
He passed the quidditch stadium, the whopping willow (staying well clear of the tree) and the greenhouses, but even as he saw the steps back up to the castle nothing struck him.
It was still early morning, and Harry decided as he pulled away from the castle again that normal morning practice would do for today.
Harry stretched for a moment, made sure that anyone at the entrance to the castle could not see him, and then began the moves of the most basic kata.
They were the standard moves that any student under his Sensei would learn, but Harry went through the moves with a passion, urgency, and attention to detail that most casual students would never attain.
There was something freeing about the power behind his strikes into the air, letting all the negative emotions out as he exhaled and stuck again and again, imagining striking through an imaginary opponent.
He had learned from other teachers as well that summer, and he went through the moves they had taught him as well with the same intensity.
Soon his shirt was soaked with sweat, and even though house elves did laundry every day, Harry knew that the shirt might prove a problem for them.
Even quidditch did not cause this level of sweat.
Checking his watch, he realized that he was short on time, but that lent itself perfectly to a sprint back to the castle.
The climb at high speed was maybe the toughest part of his morning.
The entrance was up a stone path, and Harry managed to crest the rise even as his lungs began to burn.
He slowed as he approached the actual entrance to the castle, and was walking normally once he was inside the corridors, even if his breath came quickly.
When he arrived at his dorm, he was pleased to see that Ron, Seamus, and Dean were still asleep.
Neville was just waking up, and Harry nodded to him as he stripped his clothes down and tossed them in his laundry bin.
He grabbed a pair of boxers to replace the sweaty ones he had now as well as a towel, and went to shower.
"What were you up to this morning Harry?"
Neville asked down at the breakfast table.
Seamus had just joined them, Dean was showering, and Ron still slumbered, with Dean promising to get him out of bed when he headed down.
If Ron missed a meal, it would truly be cause for great concern among the Gryffindors, even if it was funny.
"Nothing much," Harry said as he attacked some eggs.
"Just a little exercise."
"Exercise like that nonsense last night?"
Seamus asked.
"Don't get me wrong, the kick was awesome but doing all that work seems silly."
"Well the workout didn't help me with the kick," Harry said, choosing his words carefully.
"But the first thing you need to do is develop strength and flexibility, and you can't do that without consistent and serious exercise."
"You are going to wake up early every day?"
Seamus asked, clearly disbelieving him.
Neville stayed silent, and Harry saw Neville examining him curiously.
"At this point, it is just a habit," Harry explained.
"How about it Seamus?
I'd be happy to wake you up and you could join me."
Seamus's face went white and he shook his head, turning back to his breakfast.
"Could I maybe join you Harry?"
Neville asked as Dean sat down.
Harry glanced at Neville, eyes a little wide in surprise.
He had expected his offer to Seamus to end the conversation, not encourage his sometimes shy friend to ask to come along.
"Ron's up, or getting up," Dean said as he plopped down next to Neville.
"Join Harry doing what?"
"His exercises," Neville said.
"That's where you were this morning?"
Dean asked, filling his plate, and Harry nodded.
"Cool.
That will help with quidditch this year, right?
Even though we lost Wood, we will have a shot at the cup now that the swirly evil things are gone from school.
Dementors are real nasty."
"Yeah."
Harry had not had the chance to talk to Angelina since the opening feast, but since it had been less then 12 hours he figured she wouldn't be too mad.
But he turned down and looked at the older students clustered around her and saw her eyes flashing, and Harry knew that his comments had not been forgotten.
"Ah, my fourth year lions," Professor McGonagall said, coming up behind them.
"I hope you all had a good summer."
There were mummers of agreement.
"I see Mr. Weasley has not accompanied you this morning."
"He's getting up now," Harry said.
"I'd be happy to give him his schedule Professor, if that is why you are here."
"Indeed," the headmistress of his house said, handing out a roll of parchment to each student, and two to Harry.
"Mr. Potter, I understand that you had an interesting summer."
"Yes, I did not go to the Dursleys," Harry told his transfigurations professor.
Neville perked up at that.
"I think you actually know the person who took me in over the summer.
Or at least he said he knew you, Professor."
"Oh?"
"His name is Takashi Hayashi.
He was my Sensei over the summer."
"Oh my!"
McGonagall's exclamation caused every Gryffindor and most of the students at the nearby Hufflepuff table to look up in surprise at the normally reserved professor.
"That is not a name I expected to hear.
I assume he said only horrible things about me," McGonagall exclaimed.
"Actually Professor, just the opposite," Harry told her.
"He was very complimentary of you, said you had done a wonderful job managing the house any time you came up."
It was easy to say, since that was not a lie.
Hayashi-San was incredibly complimentary of McGonagall and the half-goblin Charms professor Flitwick.
However, all of the other teachers were deemed to be miserable according to his Sensei, although Professor Sprout's lessons were determined to be near acceptable after Harry had given a detailed description.
"That's surprising to hear," She said, composing herself as most of the students looked away.
"I didn't know he was in England."
"He comes every summer," Harry said.
"He is a very strict, but is also a wonderful teacher if you are willing to work hard."
She nodded, clearly not surprised.
"His son just graduated, and was the top student."
"Graduated from Mahoutokoro as their best student!"
Harry nodded.
"Well, when you next speak with Hayashi-San, tell him congratulations from me."
"Uh, I guess I could professor, but I think it would be kind of unnecessary."
His head of house looked at him curiously.
"I mean, Akira is obviously teaching a subject this year.
Why else would he be here?"
Harry pointed at the Japanese man sitting at the end of the professor's table.
"He does bear a resemblance," McGonagall said, examining the new teacher.
"I'm pretty sure he just doesn't want to be associated with his father and wants to be his own man," Harry said.
He hadn't remembered seeing Akira last night, and was curious to talk to him and see what he was doing here.
"Anyways, you are lucky to have him."
McGonagall nodded and started to walk away.
"Professor," Harry called out as she walked away, remembering a conversation he had with Neville the day before.
"Yes, Mr.
Potter?"
Harry shook his finger at her.
"Just Harry will do, Professor."
McGonagall gave him a half smile.
"Very well, Harry.
Make sure Mr. Weasley gets his schedule."
She walked away, and Neville laughed at him.
"I've never seen her like that!"
Neville said.
Harry nodded in agreement.
He had been a little surprised by her strong reaction as well.
Apparently his Sensei had not been entirely truthful when he said the professors at Hogwarts would not know him for the most part.
But Hayashi-San rarely lied, and was instead the master of saying things that were open to interpretation.
Though his son was here too, and that was the most pressing issue.
Issue was not the right word, Harry thought.
This was a wonderful surprise.
Harry was a little worried Akira would not want to acknowledge they knew each other as he excused himself and walked up to the edge of the table Akira sat at.
"Hey, Professor Hayashi," Harry said cautiously.
Akira's eyes lit on him and he sprung down from the table, wrapping Harry in a tight hug.
His worries about having to pretend they were strangers were unfounded.
Harry smiled as the man who had become a brother hugged him.
"Harry!
I'm sorry I didn't tell you I'd be here this year," Akira said.
"After I learned, I told dad I wanted it to be a surprise.
And while I would like some formality when we are around other students like Dad taught you, if you do not call me Akira when it is just us and your friends I will be very cross."
Akira released Harry and gave him a hard stare, and Harry knew that while respect was something that Hayashi-San had stressed over the summer, disobeying a direct order from his senior student and now Professor wasn't worth an argument.
"Of course," Harry said, and then added in a quieter voice, "It's great to see you Akira."
"I am excited to be here," Akira said.
"Do you want to guess what I am teaching?"
"I can say I honestly have no clue," Harry admitted.
"I don't see any missing teachers, and I guess that Master Auror Moody," Harry said, indicating the man with the roving eye and peg-leg "is teaching defence, like Remus said."
"Well, Moony was partially right," Akira said.
"He is here to teach defence, but I think you know what is going on this year."
Harry nodded.
He knew what the event was, but there was no point getting into this now.
"Well, Dumbledore will announce it tonight, and I will take on most of the defence classes as Moody focuses on security for the…special event."
"That's good," Harry said.
"Well, I have Defense today so I guess I'll see what he is like."
"I'll take over once the event starts," Akira explained.
"But I might pop up in different classes as a guest instructor.
Maybe I'll go check in on this Snape guy you told me about."
Akira's grin was catlike, seeming so innocent but hiding a very nefarious intent.
Harry had told Akira a few stories about Snape at night, after training.
Akira normally wouldn't be so close with a student of his father's, but Harry was a live-in student, a wizard, and Akira's roommate so they became very close.
Harry did not have much in the way of family, but he knew that Akira would always have his back in a way no one else ever had.
Well, Hermione always had his back, but there were certain things he just discuss with her.
"That would be fun," Harry admitted.
"Don't expect any favouritism in class," Akira said, and Harry knew he was serious about that.
He would expect nothing less.
"I expect you to be at the top of defence class after this summer.
I will be training hard before I take over.
It wouldn't do to have my student showing me up" Harry smiled and looked down at his shoes, a little embarrassed by the compliment.
"Now get going, Harry.
Let's talk after the announcement tonight.
Bring along you friends too.
I'd love to meet them.
Feel free to be friendly when you see me in the halls, but I think its best if we keep the fact that we were roommates for the better part of 2 months to ourselves."
Harry nodded and glanced down at his schedule as he walked away and gagged.
Double potions to start the year, and with Slytherin too.
Rotten luck.
He didn't like Mondays, and now he had a concrete reason to dislike them.
"Hey Harry," a girl said, walking out of the great hall with him.
"Susan?"
Harry said in surprise.
He had wanted a chance to talk to her in the first few weeks, and he glanced surreptitiously at his watch, and saw now was the perfect chance with 20 minutes until class.
"What was that reaction from McGonagall?
She was talking to you, and then…" Susan shook her head.
"Even when she takes points for truly awful behaviour, I have never heard her be that loud."
"That's fair," Harry agreed.
"It almost broke my ear drums.
Not a good way to start the morning, that's for sure."
"So what's the deal?'
Susan said, leaning up against a nearby wall.
"Seems you have got a few new secrets."
"Well, maybe," Harry said.
It was all well and good for him to learn about the intriguing Hufflepuff, but he was less interested in sharing about himself.
"How about a game?'
Susan suggested.
"I get to ask a question that you answer truthfully, and then we switch?"
"How do you know I will answer truthfully?"
Harry asked.
"I don't" Susan replied.
Harry was a little surprised by that response.
"Sometimes you need to take a leap of faith, and I think I want the information you have."
She indicated a near by bench and both sat.
"Ok let's play.
I'll go first," Harry said, taking the initiative.
"Where did you learn to play chess?"
"My aunt taught me.
Why was McGonagall so surprised?"
"She knew the person I stayed with over the summer.
Who is your aunt?"
"Amelia Bones, head of the DMLE."
Harry's eyes narrowed a little at that information.
"Who did you stay with over the summer?"
"A man named Hayashi-San."
Susan's eyes remained blank, and Harry knew she was frustrated by the fact that the name meant nothing.
"On the train, Hannah said you would be Lady Bones in 3 years.
Wouldn't that only apply is your aunt is dead?"
"My aunt was not married to Lord Bones.
My mother was," Susan said, stressing the past tense.
Harry nodded silently.
He wouldn't look at her with pity or sadness.
She wouldn't accept or want that.
Just a nod that he understood, and that is was her turn.
"Who is Hayashi-San?"
"He is a teacher," Harry said with a smile, and Susan stood up, clearly annoyed by Harry's non-answers and having to remember her mother.
"You are not making this game any fun," Susan told him.
"You have to give to receive."
"Well, I better not be late to potions," Harry said, strolling away as if he had not heard her.
He sensed her turn angrily and walk back into the great hall.
It had been an interesting conversation, he had not broken any promises, and he had gained a great deal information in return.
Susan had obviously expected to trick him playing the game, but was probably frustrated to find someone who was able to easily outmanoeuvre her at a game of her own making.
It was 15 minutes later, at 8:58 that Harry arrived at potions.
During his last week staying with Hayashi-San, they had discussed his first day in potions.
Ron and Hermione were in the back but Harry ignored them and walked to the desk right in front of Snape, and started to unpack his cauldron to the murmur of surprise of everyone else in class.
He heard the bell chime to signify the beginning of the class day, and felt someone slide into the seat next to him.
It was Daphne with a small scowl on her face.
"Hello," Harry said, curious as to why she was sitting here.
Maybe she did have a crush on him, thought he expected Daphne was playing a different game than that, and he had just not figured it out yet.
The Yule Ball was a small price to pay for a way into Slytherin.
Harry had to stop himself from chuckling at the thought.
It had taken 3 years, but maybe he was showing the cunning and planning that the sorting hat sensed from him as he was almost named as a snake.
"Don't get too chummy, Potter," Daphne spat at him.
"I'm late, and this is the only seat.
It helps that I'll get a front row seat to watch Snape lose it when he sees you at the front of the class."
"I really hope he does," Harry said, taking a deep breath and readying his mind.
"You'll get to enjoy the show."
As he finished speaking, Snape stepped out from his office, his cloak bellowing behind him.
"This is the year where we see who truly has the skills to learn the art of potion making," Snape said, his voice nasal and low-pitched at the same time.
It set Harry's teeth on edge, and only a deep breath caused him to avoid instantly antagonizing Snape.
This was like fishing, and Akira had taken him a few times over the summer.
Sometimes you needed to let the fish come to you.
"Ah Potter," Snape said.
"Trying to ruin the grade of another house?"
"Not at all, Professor," Harry said, keeping his voice as non-confrontational as possible.
"Daphne is just stuck with me because she arrived a little late."
"Lying to a Professor?"
Snape sneered at Harry.
"10 points from Gryffindor."
Harry couldn't keep the smile from his face.
Daphne had accidentally given him the perfect bait.
"Oh, so you can read my mind?"
Harry jabbed, and Snape turned to stare at Harry, looking right into his eyes.
He felt the touch of Snape's legilimency and let him into his mind, and then imagined a dark lake, allowing a drop of water to fall into it.
He then closed his eyes and allowed himself to fall into his mind.
"What is this, Potter?"
Snape said.
He was stuck in the middle of the lake, unable to move for fear of sinking into the water.
"Professor, you should know better than to try and use passive legilimency against a student who has strong occlumency.
If they catch you, they might trap you and you could get really hurt.
Maybe if you apologize, I'll let you go.
If not," Harry shrugged his shoulders.
"Who knows, I might decide to keep you here until you go insane?"
Snape whipped his wand out, stared at Harry and almost shouted his spell "Legilimens!"
He seemed confused when nothing happened.
"No, Severus, that won't work."
The professor was clearly upset by Harry's casual use of his name.
"This is my mind, and I make the rules.
I think I'll have to punish you for that."
Harry pretended to muse his options.
"Oh, I know what I'll do!"
He shoved the image he had planned into Snape's mind, and then blew gently, as Snape turned into dust and was banished from his mind.
Snape fell back onto the floor of the classroom, and all of the students leaned forward.
The potions professor was clearly confused, and then the image of Remus about to eat him appeared in his mind, and he struggled to stand, crawling backwards on the floor.
Then the image was gone, and Severus Snape was faced with the smiling face of Harry Potter.
Harry was thrilled his Sensei's plan had worked so well.
Hayashi-San had offered to teach him legilimency too, but Harry wanted nothing to do with reading minds.
But Snape had made a foolish mistake by trying a much weaker version of legilimency on his, and any time he tried to read Harry's mind without an obvious spell, he would see the image of Remus.
It was not like he could accuse Harry of anything without looking like a fool or admitting he was illegally using a skill he should not have.
"Well," Snape said, standing as his legs shook, the image of the werewolf so clear in his mind he could almost feel the hot breath of the monster.
"Your potion today will be the confusing concoction."
Snape was clearly thrown, as that was a potion he had taught them the year before.
"Get to work with your partner."
"Wow," Daphne breathed at Harry started to prepare the ingredients, taking out his potions book, "What did you do, Potter?"
"Greengrass," Harry said quietly, "I could almost guess you aren't my friend, calling me Potter.
And I wouldn't go giving out that information to unfriendly people, would I?"
Daphne was upset, but got to work and they sat in silence, working on the potion for the rest of the class.
Harry suspected that while it was one thing to be friendly when it was just the two of them, it was another when surrounded by her classmates His potion looked accurate enough, and Harry bottled it and left it on Snape's desk.
The potions professor was clearly shaken, and Harry moved right next to him, leaned in, and whispered "try that on me again and I'll show you what a real legilimency attack looked like."
It was a bluff of course, but Harry could tell from the look in Snape's eyes as he walked out of class that his professor did not know tha.
/N: I wished I owned Harry Potter.
Alas, I do not.
Ms. Rowling, I'd be happy to take it off your hands.
A/N: Woah, is it just me or is Harry really strong?
Yeah, this shouldn't be a surprise.
Regardless, I think he always had the tools to be have really excellent occlumency, and all he lacked was a decent teacher.
Speaking of teachers… Chapter 9: Unbreakable Mind September, 1994 "Welcome to Defense Against the Dark Arts!"
Professor Moody snapped.
"I am here as a favor to Dumbledore, and I have heard about some of the other teachers you have had.
That is not what my class will be.
I will not coddle you or hold your hand.
You will learn about the dark arts, and that is what I will show you."
He indicated Akira at the back of the class.
"Introduce yourself!"
"Hi, I am Professor Hayashi," Akira said.
Harry had been sure that no one had seen him go up and talk to Akira, but Susan and Neville both glanced at him, remembering him mentioning the name.
"I'll be helping out with a few different classes this year, but Professor Moody will be busy with other things during the year, so I'll take over as your primary defense instructor in October after I have some time to observe.
I'm looking forward to working with all you."
"Why are Neville and Susan staring at you?"
Ron whispered to Harry.
"I mentioned that I know Professor Hayashi," Harry whispered to him.
Ron nodded thoughtfully.
"I'll introduce you and Hermione to him tonight."
"That's cool," Ron said.
"He seems nice."
"He is, but he will be a hard teacher.
He's bloody brilliant."
Professor Moody was talking, so Harry turned and paid attention, and he felt Ron sigh in frustration, but follow his lead.
"The strongest spells a Dark Wizard has are the three unforgivable curses.
Who can tell me one?"
"The imperious curse," Draco said.
"Correct, Malfoy," Moody said, his glass eye rolling wildly in his head.
"Your father would be well aware of that one, wouldn't he?"
Moody opened a small case, and a spider crawled out.
"Let's see what that curse does."
Moody snapped his wand out and said "Imperio."
The spider snapped to attention, and Moody moved his wand around, moving the spider as if it was on a line.
"Hop on Malfoy's head," Moody said, and the Spider did just that.
"Get it off!"
Malfoy cried, as most of the people laughed.
He jumped up and tried to swat the spider away.
Crabbe managed to knock it off, and the spider scurried towards Malfoy.
"Come back here," Moody snapped and the spider scuttled back to his desk.
"The imperio curse gets the victim to do whatever you want.
What's another curse?"
Hermione's hand shot up, but Moody looked around for another student.
"The cruciatus curse," Neville said quietly.
"Yes!"
Moody said, almost seeming excited.
"The torture curse."
He turned to the spider, his wand on it.
"Crucio."
The spider seemed to contort, and Harry watched in horror as the spider started to cry out.
"Crucio!"
Moody yelled again, and the cry was even louder, and everyone in class turned away.
Harry saw a tear appear in Neville's eye, and only the presence of Akira and the stopped him from disarming the professor.
"Stop it!"
Hermione yelled.
"That's what you would be screaming!"
Moody replied.
Akira stepped next to Moody, having moved quietly and silently from the back of the room and pushed his wand away.
He leaned in and whispered something to Moody.
The screaming of the spider stopped.
Akira stepped back away, and Professor Moody looked back at the class.
Harry saw the professor look at his eyes, and felt a gentle touch in his mind.
His defense was instantly up, the lake in his mind and a drop of water starting an endless cycle of ripples, but even as began to search for the intruder, the touch was gone as Moody looked away.
Harry took a few deep breaths to calm himself.
Had two consecutive professors just tried legilimency on him?
And why would the old master auror want to get into Harry's mind?
"And the final curse?"
Moody asked "The killing curse," Hermione said quietly.
Everyone else was still stunned by the torture of the spider.
"Correct."
Moody placed the spider in front of Hermione, pointed his wand, and said the two words that gave Harry nightmares.
Green poured out from his wand, and the spider's legs buckled and it went motionless and silent.
It took another few deep breaths for Harry to regain control of his emotions.
"Only one person has ever survived this curse… And they are in this room."
The room was silent "Right!"
Akira said.
"The imperious curse is a very dangerous curse, but of the three, it is the only one that can be resisted.
Professor Moody will put you all under the curse, and you will try and resist it.
If the curse is weak, you can resist it, or break it with this spell."
Moody took another spider out and leveled the unforgivable curse against it.
Akira brought his wand down in a swooshing movement from his right shoulder to his left hip.
"Finite incantatem."
The spider ran back into the box unprompted, free from the spell.
"Pair up with someone not in your house," Moody said.
"None of this ridiculous house loyalty."
Harry nodded at Ron and looked around.
He would have loved to pair up with his best mate, but the professor had given an express instruction, and Harry realized that potions in the morning had been the first time he had ever paired up with someone in a different class.
He looked around and saw Susan talking to Hannah.
He walked over to Neville, grabbed his arm and dragged him over to the girls.
"Susan, do you and Hannah need partners?"
Harry asked, and he saw the red-head almost exhale in relief.
"Neville, why don't you pair up with Hannah?"
Neville nodded, but Hannah was clearly as worried as he was.
"Are you sure Harry?"
Susan whispered.
"Neville looks like he is about to jump out of his skin!"
"Oh, I think Neville might surprise you," Harry said.
Groups of students were walking up to the front, and Moody cast the spell.
So far, no one had been able to break it, either on their own or with the help of their partner.
Neville and Hannah were front of them, and Moody pointed his wand at Hannah and instantly her face went blank.
"Ok, march in place," Moody said, and as he said it, Neville made the motion and stuttered "Fin-Finite incantatem!"
Hannah hesitated for a moment, and then continued to march in place.
Neville shook his head, but to his surprise, Akira patted him on the back.
"Very well done!
What's your name?"
"Neville Longbottom, Professor Hayashi," Neville said, his head down.
"Professor Moody is casting a very strong imperious spell.
To be able to make the girl even slightly hesitate is impressive.
You are in Gryffindor?"
Neville nodded.
"10 points to Gryffindor for being the first person to cause any sort of reaction."
Neville smiled, and Harry patted him on the shoulder as Susan moved to the front of the line, Harry next to her.
"Well, you resisted one unforgivable," Moody said, his voice almost a growl.
"Let's see if you are two for two."
Harry created the lake in his mind, but over Moody's shoulder he saw an almost unnoticeable shake of the head from Akira.
"Imperio!"
Harry felt a strange sensation wash over him and Harry smiled at the professor.
His mind was screaming silently, insistent on breaking out of the spell but Harry forced his defenses down.
He heard Susan say something, but nothing mattered except obeying the man in front of him.
"Turn to your partner," the man with his wand on him said, and Harry turned to Susan, the smile still plastered on his face.
"Now, take out your wand," the man said, and Harry obliged.
"Stun her," the man said, and as Harry raised his wand, the lake appeared in his mind, and a drop fell into the lake unbidden, and Harry was free.
But Akira had told him to play along.
Harry took a half step forward so quickly that he knew no one would notice it.
As he took that step, his right foot flicked out, knocking Susan's left foot off the floor.
Any decent martial artist would instantly rebalance on one foot and would do whatever they needed to do to reestablish both feet on the floor.
But Susan was not a martial artist, and that nudge was enough to send her tumbling to the floor as Harry said "Stupefy!"
and a red beam shot through the space Susan's head had been a second early.
"Finite incantatem!"
Akira yelled, and although it did not affect Harry, he slumped over, as if he had just been released.
"Professor Moody!"
"I thought he would resist it," Moody said, staring at Harry.
Again Harry felt the slight presence in his mind, and this time Harry reacted angrily, grabbing the presence and expelling it forcefully, but the professor didn't even flinch.
"Girl, your name?"
"Susan Bones," Susan said, climbing to her feet.
"Amelia's niece?"
Susan nodded, and Moody scoffed.
"Hufflepuff then.
10 points for dodging the curse."
Susan started to say something, but Harry bumped into her, and she looked at him, concern in her eyes.
"Harry, are you alright?"
"Who's next?"
Moody asked and the Patil sisters stepped forward "Fine," Harry said as he let himself be dragged to a chair at the back of the classroom.
"Then why did you knock into me?"
Susan said, but Harry didn't answer.
"You didn't want me telling him that you knocked me out of the way of the spell did you?"
"What are you talking about?"
Harry said, though the moment it was out of his mouth he knew it was a bad lie.
"Harry, I felt you kick my ankle.
If I hadn't been so shocked at you firing a spell at me, I would have been mad."
Susan grabbed Harry's chin and forced her to look at him.
"You resisted the curse, didn't you?"
"Keep it down," Harry hissed, and Susan nodded.
"Yes," he said, almost so quiet that Harry knew she might not hear it.
"Trying to mess with my mind is, well, not advisable."
"So you can resist legilimency as well?"
Susan asked.
Harry looked at her, surprised she knew the advanced spell.
"I told you, my aunt is the head of the DMLE.
She taught me some basic mental defenses too, but I can't resist a strong legilimens."
"Susan, this is heading towards the realm of stuff I'm not supposed to answer," Harry whispered.
The class was still filing towards Moody, being cursed, and eventually Akira would end the spell.
Neville had been the only person to cause even the slightest hesitation, and Harry could see Hermione who had paired up with the Hufflepuff Ernie McMillian, was upset she had failed to break him out for the curse.
"Once you have all gone," Akira said as there was no one in front of Moody, "please switch and come back up.
There will be no surprise stunners this time."
Akira glared at Moody, who ignored him.
"Harry, do you think you can break me out of it?"
Susan whispered to him as they got back into line.
There were only two groups in front of them.
"I'd say above average chance," Harry told her, his voice quiet to make sure no one overheard.
"I know that for some reason you are hiding your abilities from Professor Moody but being under the effects of the curse looks really creepy."
The group in front of them stepped forward.
"I mean, you were smiling at me, and then half a second later I just avoided getting stunned.
Professor Hayashi taught you how to resist it and break the curse, didn't he?
Please just break me out of it, and if you want, I'll pretend I broke it on my own."
His partner looked absolutely terrified, and Harry reached out and squeezed her hand.
"Ok.
I won't let anything happen."
They both looked down, and then yanked their hands away, Harry a little surprised by his forwardness.
He didn't know where that gesture had come from.
But he had made a promise to his partner, and he never broke his word.
They stepped to the front of the line, and Susan stared at Moody's wand in fear and he hissed the spell.
Harry formed the impenetrable lake in his mind and brought his wand down.
"Imperio!"
"Finite incantatem!"
Harry was surprised by how good an actor Susan was.
She barely made a movement, but Susan's eyes were a little more focused.
"Climb up onto the desk," Moody said, and Susan complied.
"Now jump off."
Susan bent her knees as if she was about to jump off, and then shook her head.
She stood up and stared Moody in the eyes.
"Nice try," Susan said, glaring at Moody.
"Well done, Ms.
Bones!"
Akira said, helping her down.
"20 points for such an impressive mental strength!"
He clapped a few times, and then motioned the next few forward.
"Thanks," Susan said, taking his hand and squeezing it.
"No problem," Harry said.
"There is a trick to it."
"It felt really weird, even for a second."
Harry nodded in agreement.
"It was like Professor Moody was the only person in the world, and I had to do whatever it took to make him happy."
"Yeah, it's downright eerie."
"Harry, you have always been good at Defense, haven't you?"
Susan asked.
"I heard a rumor about second year…" She trailed off, and Harry shook his head.
"There are a lot of rumors that always go about school.
Most of them aren't true.
I'm not the heir of Slytherin, for example."
"That was always a ridiculous rumor.
I never believed that," Susan said.
"But that's not the rumor I'm talking about."
"I'm afraid I can't help you all that much," Harry told her with a strained smile.
"I don't recall any other rumors about me."
"Of course you wouldn't know."
Susan gave him a smile.
"Hufflepuffs may gossip, but we make sure that we don't spread it outside the house.
The rumor stayed in Hufflepuff alone, in part because it sounds ridiculous."
"Almost every rumor about Harry is ridiculous," Hermione said, making Susan jump a little.
Harry realized that his partner had not realized Hermione had come up behind him.
"Have you ever read those crazy books about him?"
"There are books about me?"
Harry said, very confused.
"You should see Ginny's collection," Hermione told him with a laugh.
"If your stories are believed, you can kill a dragon with a glare, and spend your preteen years training to be a secret assassin."
"Well, this rumor is nothing like that…well, it's similar level of crazy," Susan admitted.
"I had trouble believing it, but Cedric swears by it."
"Cedric is who?"
"Seriously Harry!"
Hermione replied, giving him that exasperated glance he knew so well.
"Cedric is the seeker for Hufflepuff.
You know, the match they had to abandon because you were attacked by Dementors?"
Harry nodded in realization.
Cedric was Cedric Diggory, and when he put the pieces together, Harry knew the student Susan was talking about.
Cedric was one of the tougher seekers he had gone up against 3rd year.
He would have faced him 2nd year as well, but quidditch had been cancelled before the teams met.
Cedric was a good flyer and while Harry thought that while he could beat Cedric in a 1 on 1, Cedric was an impressive seeker in his own right.
What impressed Harry more about Cedric was that even though his team had won the match, he had offered Oliver Wood a rematch, knowing that the quidditch cup meant so much to Oliver Wood and feeling that his victory had been unfair since he had been uncontested in his catching of the snitch.
Oliver had turned it down and had ended up winning the cup in his final year, but the act of kindness had always stuck with Harry.
He seemed like a generally good guy, and was a talented wizard, placing near the top of his class and was generally well liked.
Harry wouldn't be so foolish to call them friends, but due to quidditch they would have what Harry called a "nodding" relationship.
All of this made it surprising that Cedric was the one spreading gossip.
"Right.
I do know him."
"Yeah, I figured," Susan continued.
"He said that second year, the beast released from the chamber of secrets was a basilisk, and that you," Susan said, pointing at Harry, "killed it."
Harry shrugged his shoulders, refusing to answer the question.
If he had been alone, the matter would have been settled there.
But Hermione was with them too.
"How did he learn that?"
Hermione gasped, and Susan turned to Hermione, surprise plastered all over her face.
Harry suppressed a groan.
Susan had been fishing, and Hermione had jumped at the bait.
The last thing he needed was more attention being drawn to him.
"That story was true?"
Susan said, and Harry saw Hermione's shocked expression change to sadness as she realized she had just spilled a giant secret.
"Oh, no, I just… I mean," Hermione stuttered, and Susan took a step back.
"Susan."
Harry said, grabbing herd hand again.
There was no weird feeling this time, just fear.
"Please.
Let that remain a rumor.
It's the only way."
"Harry!"
Susan said.
"You should tell everyone!
You would be the hero of the school!"
"Susan," Harry said quietly, talking his other hand and placing it on the hand he already held, "I don't want to be a hero.
I don't want any acclaim.
I just want to go to school, do homework, and learn.
I want to fret about the fact that I'm too afraid to talk to my crush.
I don't want to be the boy-who-lived.
I'd prefer to be just Harry.
Please."
Harry dropped her hand, and saw she was mulling over what he said.
"Hermione, let's go get lunch."
Hermione trailed out behind him, leaving Susan there."
"Harry, I'm so sorry," Hermione said as they walked towards the great hall.
"I thought she knew the story."
"It's ok, Hermione," Harry said.
He was upset, but he couldn't stay mad at Hermione.
He was never really mad at Hermione, not after everything she did for him.
"I don't think Susan is someone to spread rumors outside of her friend group, and there is no way to confirm the story."
He turned and gave a half-hearted smile.
"Besides, it's only one more person who knows.
What could go wrong?"
"Harry, I promise, I won't mess up again!"
"Hermione."
Harry gave an exasperated sigh, and patted her on the shoulder.
Don't make a stupid promise you can't keep."
Hermione looked hurt and Harry just shook his head.
"I'm not saying you would hurt me, Hermione.
I'm just saying that it would be silly for me to expect you to be perfect.
Nobody is perfect, Hermione.
I'm not expecting you to be.
Just be my friend, always.
Be Harry's friend" "Always, for Harry."
Hermione said, a tear falling as she grabbed his hand.
"That's good enough for Harry," Harry said.
"And with you, that's all I ever am.
Thank you."
Hermione nodded.
"Now, it's time for lunch.
"A/N: I wished I owned Harry Potter.
Alas, I do not.
Ms. Rowling, I'd be happy to take it off your hands.
A/N: Maybe it's time for Harry to be taken down a peg.
I wonder if I know someone who can do that?
I will also note that I know that I have changed what the schedule for 4th year Hogwarts looks like.
I will call artistic license on that change.
Also, I am American and as such will be busy thanksgiving weekend and Chapter 11 is one of my shortest, so two chapters today.
Back To Monday Friday updates next week.
Chapter 10: The Role of a Brother September, 1994 Harry took lunch to put the problem of the story of the basilisk from his mind.
He didn't think Susan would spread the rumor, but he knew that she might confirm the story to Cedric.
The worst thing she could do would be to tell her best friend Hannah, even if Susan made Hannah promise not to tell.
The moment 4 people knew something, it was no longer a secret, and for once in his life Harry wanted to have a simple school year.
Judging from his first day, this year would be complicated enough.
The only class Harry had after lunch was transfiguration with Professor McGonagall.
She took him aside for a moment at the beginning of class, telling him that while she was happy he was comfortable enough with her to allow her to use his first name, it would not do to show favoritism, and that she would refer to him by his last name while other students were around.
Harry agreed, and then focused on the task that day.
McGonagall had stated that, much like Snape, this was the year where those who wanted to attempt to achieve an Outstanding on their .
.L.
in transfiguration would have to start to excel.
To that affect, she produced Guinea pigs, and asked the class to turn them into pin cushions with exactly 3 pins.
Harry used the technique he had used all day and allowed his mind to empty.
Then with the gesture and a soft spell, Harry focused his magic on the animal.
For most of the class, the animal remained totally unbothered, and around him, Harry saw that his classmates, including Hermione were struggling with the task.
As the bell rang, Harry gave a half-hearted gesture with his wand, and he heard his guinea pig shriek.
Harry turned, surprised as the legs of the guinea pig were replaced by the soft fabric of cushioning.
"Excellent, Mr.
Potter!"
His head of house said.
"Has anyone else managed to get even close?"
Everyone glanced down, and Harry turned to Hermione and Ron and gave a small smile.
He felt more powerful this morning than he had the day he had conjured the patronus to save his godfather and his past self.
"10 points to Gryffindor."
The bell rang and the students began to file out of class.
"Well, I've still got divinations before dinner," Ron said as they walked out of class.
"Better than runes at night on Thursday."
"Probably true," Harry agreed.
"But like I said, I don't think I could take another year of lying about seeing my death in a ridiculous crystal ball."
"But didn't Trelawney tell the truth about Wormtail last year?"
Ron said.
"Not exactly, but if we had listened maybe we could have stopped him.
We could have freed Padfoot."
"Prophecy is a tricky thing," Harry told his friend.
"Acting on them sometimes invalidates them, and there is something called sensitive dependence on initial conditions."
"What?'
Ron looked as puzzled as he had ever seen.
"I've read about that!"
Hermione exclaimed.
"It's called the butterfly effect, right?"
"That's the easier name for it," Harry said.
"But it's more complex."
He patted Ron on the shoulder.
"Go predict my death a few times, and Hermione and I will see you at dinner.
I can explain it then."
He trotted off in the direction of the common room, Hermione behind him.
"Harry, what happened over the summer?"
She asked as they gave the password to the fat lady and moved into the common room.
"You'll have to be more specific," Harry said as he took his robe off.
"For one," Hermione said, pointing at him, "you have clothes that come much closer to fitting."
Harry looked down at jeans that didn't fall down without a hand in the pocket.
His shirt fit snuggly too, although this had been one from earlier in the summer and it was a little tighter around the chest and arms which looked different than they had 2 months ago when he had been given the shirt.
"Different hand-me downs," Harry sad, which was the truth.
"You are taller," Hermione continued, "more confident, and much stronger.
Magically as well as physically.
Your letters were vague and never really went into detail about what you were doing over the summer.
Your essay for Runes was really good."
Even after their discussion, Hermione had insisted that Harry let her look over his essay and she had told him after potions that she had been really impressed.
"I thought you would want all of that for me," Harry said, confused as he plopped down on the couch.
"I do," Hermione said as she sat next to him.
"I just want to know how."
Harry narrowed his eyes.
Hermione seemed almost desperate, and while Harry was comfortable lying from experience, the look Hermione had in his eyes along with the morals that had been instilled in him this summer stopped falsehood from spilling from his mouth.
Not with Hermione.
"It's hard to explain."
Hermione looked hurt, and Harry knew that he had to make a decision.
Then he remembered something from earlier today.
"It's probably best if I don't explain."
Hermione turned away in a huff.
"Hermione, I just said I couldn't explain."
She didn't turn around.
"Someone else might be better at explaining."
"Who do you mean?"
Hermione asked, although her voice was still a little higher than usual, so Harry knew she was still upset more than he would like.
"Later," Harry said.
"We should get to work on the homework McGonagall gave us."
He had chosen his diversion well, and he and Hermione sat together, writing out the notes on the theory behind animal transfiguration into unusual objects until dinner, when they joined Ron in the dining hall.
"Ok," Seamus said as they sat at the table.
"So Ron said you would tell us all about this special thing for divination?"
Lavender and Parvati leaned over eager to learn more about the subject they loved.
"No, it's not like that," Harry protested, but the Gryffindors from his year who were in the class had crowded around him.
"Fine, I'll try.
It's something called sensitive dependence on initial conditions, or more simply, the butterfly effect."
"That sounds complicated," Dean said.
"Just a bunch of fancy words put together."
"You are right," Harry said, "and it's a stupid name, but it makes sense.
I'll try an example.
Pretend for a moment, that I have the third eye."
Lavender and Parvati giggled at that.
"Ridiculous, I know.
But let's say I make a prophecy that Ron is going to kill Seamus tonight.
Seamus, would you walk away after what I said?"
"Obviously not," Seamus said.
"Then he might kill me!"
"So, you could get up and throw a dangerous curse at Ron," Harry explained.
"But then Ron throws a shield up, and your spell bounces off, and wounds Parvati.
Lavender is so mad at you that she throws a curse at you and that kills you.
You died, and it was because of Ron.
So did the prophecy come true?"
"Of course not," Hermione said.
"Because the prophecy said Ron would kill Seamus.
The whole subject is ridiculous."
"Right, the prophecy did not come true.
But suppose Seamus was destined to die tonight?
Because he effected the initial condition, the prophecy was changed.
He heard it and decided to act on it, therefore making it true.
The only way that it could be proved true is if someone, due to his attack, Seamus died."
"So, basically you can make a prophecy true if you act on it?"
Dean said.
Harry nodded.
"Doesn't that mean that if you don't act on it, it won't come true?"
"What if Seamus didn't attack Ron, and then later tonight he beat Ron at Chess?
Ron got so mad he banished the rook into Seamus, and the rook stuck a sword in Seamus's eye?
Seamus didn't act on the prophecy, so it came true."
"So basically any prophecy is going to come true," Lavender said.
She stuck out her tongue at Hermione.
"Sounds like a perfect subject."
"Sorry Lavender, that's not exactly right.
Dean jumped ahead of my explanation."
Harry said.
"If a prophecy is true, then acting on the conditions of that prophecy can make the end result happen through other means, because you made a change to the initial conditions.
Simply by hearing a prophecy, things change.
Suppose the prophecy wasn't supposed to be heard by Dean, but I tell him later.
Because he is friends with Seamus, he kills Ron.
Now Seamus doesn't die, but the prophecy was telling the truth?
What happens now?"
Everyone looked at him confused.
"Divination can be useful if you can predict the future," Harry said, "but even if you are sure that your predications are 100% accurate, the people who hear it and how they react are often not taken into effect by predictions.
A prediction is something that can come true, a series of events that may occur, or are even probable to occur.
But if something that effects the original set of facts that caused that prophecy to be uttered changed, then the prophecy is invalid."
"That is not helpful at all," Seamus told him, although Parvati and Lavender were staring at him in admiration.
"Didn't say it would be," Harry reminded Seamus, who nodded.
"Maybe I bottled the explanation.
Hermione could give it a go."
"No, it's brilliant," Lavender said.
"You should have stayed in divination, Harry."
"Yeah!"
Parvati agreed.
"Maybe you could help predict our deaths and then we could change the conditions.
We just have to know what the conditions are!"
She looked at Harry.
"How do you know what the conditions are?"
"I have no idea," Harry admitted.
"Maybe asked Professor Trelawney.
She can tell you more than I can."
The two girls nodded and turned to their dinner.
"That was mean, Harry," Hermione whispered to her.
"Professor Trelawney clearly won't have any idea what they are talking about."
"I know," Harry whispered back.
"Serves her right for wasting a year of my life."
He gave his best friend a wicked smile as he turned back to her food.
"Besides, everyone learned something.
No day is a waste if you learn something new."
The rest of dinner conversation focused on the new defense teacher and his assistant.
"The younger professor is super cute," Parvati said.
"His arms are the size of trees."
Harry rolled his eyes.
He knew that as a martial artist, Akira did not wear jewelry, but when he was out socially, he wore the ring of a wizard who was promised to marry.
Akira had told Harry over the summer he did not want to talk about his marriage, which would happen soon enough and Harry didn't press after guaranteeing he would get an invitation to the ceremony.
"Sure, but Mad-Eye is a crazy teacher," Dean countered.
"Wonder what special thing the professor is here to oversee?"
As Dean finished speaking, Dumbledore stood behind him and the hall quieted.
"Think we are about to find out," Ron whispered, and Hermione glared at her.
"What, I'm not allowed to speak while Dumbledore does?"
"Ron, I think you will want to listen to this announcement," Harry said seriously, and Ron glanced at Harry, who had his hands knitted together in front of him.
Ron nodded, and turned to look at the headmaster.
"Some of you may have wondered why I did not give an introduction with the sorting last night, as I usually do."
Dumbledore looked around the hall, his gaze penetrating.
Harry thought he saw Dumbledore's eyes settle on him, and he quickly yanked his gaze downward.
Catching Snape unaware was one thing, but Harry knew he had no defense against Dumbledore's mental powers.
Hayashi-Sensei had advised him to simply avoid eye-contact with the headmaster.
"Part of the season was that our new professors were not here yet.
I have the honor of introducing two defense against the dark arts teachers.
The first I'm sure some of you know or have heard of.
Master Auror Moody has agreed to teach for the beginning of the year and will be monitoring a special event this year which I will discuss in a moment."
There was some scattered applause.
"Since Professor Moody will be fairly busy most of the year, it was decided we would get a second teacher to assist him.
We would like you to join us in welcoming Professor Hayashi, who has graciously taken a year off from teaching at the Mahoutokoro School of Magic in Japan to assist us with our studies here."
Akira nodded, and a hesitant round of applause followed his introduction.
"Now, I'm sure that there have been some rumors about what this special competition will be."
Dumbledore pauses for a second, and then whipped his wand at an empty space between the teacher's dais and the tables.
The lights dimmed, and then the torches on the wall exploded in colors.
All of the students gasped in surprise, but Harry's focus was on the two objects that now appeared on the table Dumbledore had conjured.
One was a silver cup, gleaming in the torchlight.
The second was a cup of some type as well, but much older.
It looked like it was made out of an old metal, but that was not what attracted his eyes.
It was the small blue flame above the cup.
As Harry focused his eyes on the cup, he noticed that even though Dumbledore's wand was gone from his hand, the fire still danced over the older object.
Harry had thought he knew what the event was going to be, but clearly he had been mistaken.
There a lot more going on than a ball.
"The goblet of fire shall determine the champions" Dumbledore said, and the noise in the hall rose to a fever pitch.
"The champions shall compete for the tri-wizard cup!"
Now the noise was deafening, but Dumbledore raised his hand and the noise quieted.
"Soon, our school will welcome delegations from two other schools who will bring their top students to compete in the tournament."
"Wicked!"
Ron said, and Harry rolled his eyes.
"One champion will be chosen from every school," Dumbledore said, but Harry was no longer paying attention.
Hayashi-Sensei and Remus had guessed right, and Daphne had been straight with him.
Harry had told them it was impossible and that Dumbledore was not mad enough to be party to this, but apparently the skepticism of the elders won out this time.
Dumbledore had brought back a deadly and dangerous tournament, and he wanted no part of it.
The headmaster was saying something about how to enter the tournament and an age line, but Harry was more concerned with the look on Hermione's face.
"You look sick, Hermione," Harry said, grabbing her hand.
"Are you ok?"
"Harry, people have died in the tournament.
I read about it in Hogwarts: A History.
They used to hold it every three years, but it was eventually discontinued due to the abnormally high death count."
Harry couldn't stop the unease he felt from Hermione's statement from creeping on to his face.
Both he and his best friend were quiet for the rest of dinner.
Eventually the hall began to empty, but Harry held Ron, Hermione, and Neville back.
Soon they were the only students left, and all three of them began to ask Harry what was going on.
"All your closest friends are in your house, I see," Akira said, causing all three students to jump as he cast aside his disillusionment charm which had hidden him as the hall had emptied.
"Just the ones I know can keep a secret," Harry responded, getting up from the table and giving Akira a big hug.
All three of his fellow Gryffindors were looking at Akira and Harry with different emotions.
Ron was confused, Hermione was interested, and Neville had a small look of recognition on his face, having just put the information he had gotten over the summer and at the beginning of the year together with the man standing next to Harry.
"An impressive collection of students."
Akira looked all three over.
"Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger, and Neville Longbottom?"
They nodded.
"I've heard wonderful things about all of you.
Ron, Harry has said you have been a great mate and the person who makes the drudgery of school fun.
Hermione, I believe you have the distinction of being the smartest witch in the school.
Last but certainly not least we come to Neville.
I've heard you are the personification of bravery."
"You are making them embarrassed," Harry said, smacking Akira on the shoulder.
All three student's eyes widened as Harry had just hit a teacher, but Akira just smiled and pulled Harry into the seat next to Hermione and sat down next to him.
"It's a pleasure to meet you all in person.
My name is Akira, but I guess in school I am here to teach, so Professor Hayashi will have to do.
I'm sure you are all curious about Harry's summer.
There are quite a few things Harry cannot tell you…" Akira said, as a grin grew on his face.
"Luckily, none of the same restrictions apply to me.
My father took Harry in this summer at the request of the man you all know as Professor Lupin, and I helped Harry with his studies over the summer."
"Two professors to help you?"
Hermione said, envy clear on her face.
"Well, Harry did not have a lot of free time this summer," Akira explained.
"Given his other obligations, myself, my father, and Remus were forced to assist to make sure Harry got to an acceptable level of skill to learn this summer.
But Harry's focus this summer was not magical."
Akira stood, and beckoned to Harry.
They stood across from him, and Akira mouthed "second kata" to Harry.
Harry nodded, and sprang into action his fists coming together over his head as he faced Akira.
He punched with his right, which Akira parried.
He then spun in the other direction as Akira rotated around him to remain in front and threw a punch with his left which Akira parried as well.
He turned 90 degrees and kicked out at Akira, who this time caught the kick.
The kata was far from done, but Harry knew what was coming and as Akira twisted his leg Harry jumped in the air, rotating his body to keep Akira from throwing him off balance.
Normally, with a display like this done for show, Harry would have completed the rotation in the air and landed easily, as Akira released his leg allowing him to land unhindered.
But day after day of repetitive drilling had been ingrained in Harry's mind, and as he rotated he swung his left foot around in a reverse roundhouse, which Akira was barely able to duck under.
Still reacting to his training, the moment Harry's right foot hit the ground he pivoted again, this time his left foot sweeping out just above the ground to knock Akira's feet from under him.
Luckily, Harry felt a foot pressing down on his left, and a fist inches from his face, a brilliant stomp and counter from Akira which would have floored Harry if they had been sparing.
Akira smiled as he hopped off Harry's foot and lifted the young wizard from the ground.
Harry's smile was forced, angry at being taken down so easily.
"That was martial arts," Hermione said, her eyes a little wide.
"Harry, that's what you learned over the summer?
You learned martial arts?"
"Among other things," Harry said as he sat down next to Hermione again.
"I'm still a student, I have a lot to learn.
Akira is close to mastery."
"I'm good," Akira replied modestly.
"My father and his friend, who taught Harry, me, and some other students are masters.
They don't even need their wands to win most fights."
"So Harry spend the summer at a wizard fight school?"
Ron said, and Harry picked up some anger in Ron's voice.
He glanced at his friend curiously, but Ron's face was impassive.
"Hardly," Akira replied.
"My father and I are wizards, as is one other student who trains with us over the summer.
But there are usually between 15 and 30 students on the premise during the week, and almost all are normal people.
So the only magic combat training we do is over the weekend.
Harry wasn't allowed to use his wand until the August."
"Wouldn't it make sense to learn how to fight and how to use your wand at the same time?"
Hermione asked.
"Well, Ms. Granger, if you wanted to master a spell, what is the best way to do it?"
Akira asked.
"Well, I'd study it and practice it until I mastered it," Hermione said.
"And you would focus on that spell at the exclusion of other spells?"
Hermione spluttered.
"Of course you would.
If we let Harry have his wand, he would not have focused on learning to fight, and then there would be no point.
Eventually we had to incorporate fighting while holding and using a wand, because Harry is a wizard.
But even with his wand, most normal students would defeat him."
"No way."
Neville sounded dismissive.
"I mean, all the punching and spinning is cool, but you can't beat magic with martial arts."
"Oh, is that so?"
Akira winked at Harry, and waved Neville up.
"Mr. Longbottom, I assume you mean to tell me you could beat me?"
Neville shook his head vigorously.
"Not very courageous behavior."
"I just don't want to get punched."
Akira seemed to look away in disappointment, and then in a blur of speed that Harry couldn't follow, even though he was expecting it, Akira was inches away from Neville.
His movement was effortless and smooth, vaulting the table and spinning around Ron to put his face right against Neville, and in a real fight it would have been devastating.
"Woah."
"Learning both isn't that bad," Akira said, patting Neville on the back.
"Besides, if you train constantly, even if you are not a great fighter, being in better shape will bleed over to all aspects of your life.
You will sleep better, study more effectively, and improve your magic faster."
"By training do you mean getting up in the morning like Harry did today?"
Ron asked.
Akira nodded.
"Include me out.
Nice to meet you, but I've got some chess to play."
"I've never heard that before," Akira said as Ron left the hall.
"Include me out?
Is that a British idiom?
I know I still don't know them all."
"No that was pure Ron," Hermione said.
"Include me out?
What rubbish."
Then she looked at Akira and Harry.
"However, I do concur with his sentiment.
I think that being a powerful witch is probably better than trying to learn martial arts as well."
"Ms. Granger, I am not trying to convince you to train with me and Harry in the morning."
Harry groaned, realizing that Akira would indeed train with him every morning.
There would be no off days while training with his brother.
"I've been learning to fight with my hands since I was 7, and Harry was lucky enough to get a heavy intensive course this summer as virtue of a glowing recommendation from a close friend of my father.
But some physical activity never hurt anyone."
"Um, I have a question.
Can I train with you guys?"
All three heads turned to look at Neville.
"Not the martial arts stuff, I think that I would be rubbish at that.
But the stuff to be healthier and stronger.
I need help with my grades or my gran will kill me.
Do you really think if I train with you guys, I will get smarter?"
"I guarantee it, but I advise you to join Harry for his nightly workouts before you train with us in the morning.
We don't ever sleep in, and we will be at extremely high intensity to make up for the limited time," Akira explained.
"You simply won't be able to keep up.
But if you train with Harry at night for at least 2 weeks and he thinks you are up to it you are welcome to join us in the morning."
"You guys are always welcome to come and watch in the morning, when we will be sparring," Harry explained.
"That's why I invited you guys, because I can trust you not to blab."
"Of course," Hermione said, nodding to Harry.
"I'll keep your secret."
Neville echoed the sentiment, and Harry gave one of his rare, no-holds-barred smiles.
"It was nice to meet you, but I'd like a moment with my adopted brother alone, if you don't mind.
I'll see you in class."
Hermione and Neville left the hall, and Akira hopped over the table to sit next to Harry.
"How did the other classes today go?
You had potions and transfiguration, right?"
"Yeah," Harry said.
"Everything went great!
You saw me break the imperious curse on my own and with my spell, and I totally flummoxed Snape.
Like your dad suggested, I implanted the picture of Remus as a werewolf in his mind.
And transfiguration was great!
I was the only person who was able to even get close."
"Harry," Akira said, standing up with a look Harry didn't recognize.
"You are definitely more powerful."
"I know," Harry said, his eyes shining.
"I think this year is really going to be different.
Like I can match up with anyone" "I think so too," Akira said, and helped Harry up.
"Let's see how you are doing."
"What do you mean?"
Harry asked as Akira walked away from him.
Akira turned and bowed.
"A duel?
Really?"
Harry smirked as Akira nodded.
"If you insist."
Harry bowed, and whipped his wand out.
He threw two stunners across the room, but Akira flicked them both away with his wand.
Harry followed up with a cutting hex and a stringing hex, but Akira met both of those as easily as the first two.
"Incendio!"
Harry yelled, trying something different as flame shot from the end of his wand.
Akira stood as the flames rushed at him, and then seemed to breath gently and the flames died out.
Harry shot spell after spell at Akira, but nothing so much as irritated the professor.
"My turn now?"
Akira asked, as Harry paused for breath.
Without waiting for a response, he fired a stunner that tore through Harry's quickly erected shield.
"Ok, time to wake up," Harry heard as a torrent of water soaked his robes and he gasped for air.
"Let's go again."
Harry rose to his feet anger coursing through his veins.
He brushed himself off and gave a quick bow.
Akira inclined his head, and Harry's temper rose at the perceived lack of respect.
"Stupify!"
Akira blocked the stunner, and but this time Harry's 'brother' was instantly on the attack, but Harry's shield was able to stop the stunner.
But the second stunner cracked the shield, the third broke it and Harry stumbled back from a stinging hex.
Akira wiggled his eyebrows at Harry, and the boy-who-lived lost it.
He screamed two cutting hexes and managed to dodge the return fire.
"Protego" Harry yelled as a stunner rushed towards him, and he saw, almost in slow motion, the stunner swerve around his shield and impact his side.
"Harry," Akira said, shaking him awake.
Harry rose groggily, reaching for his wand.
His vision focused, and he saw Akira holding his wand.
"Take a breath."
Harry shoved Akira away, furious at the man he considered a brother.
Akira had embarrassed him, humiliated him, and he would not take this lying down.
He grabbed for his wand, but Akira held onto the wand, making sure that Harry didn't grab the wood.
"Give it back!"
"HARRY!"
Harry stumbled back from the volume and intensity of his professor's voice.
"Take.
A.
Breath."
Harry was panting, and Akira forced him to sit.
"Find the lake."
Harry was used to hearing that command and obeying, and he did, allowing his mind to clear, replaced by the blackness and the lake, allowing a drop to fall into the lake and seeing the ripples on the normally calm surface of the lake.
"I'm ok," Harry said as he tried to catch his breath.
"Again," Akira said, and Harry closed his eyes and allowed a few more drops to fall into the lake.
After a few deep breaths Harry felt the anger drain away and he nodded at Akira.
"Ok?"
"Not really," Harry said, standing and glaring at Akira.
"So much for feeling like I can take on anyone.
You didn't even bother trying?"
"Well, I would be a poor teacher if I let a 4th year student who wasn't in control of his emotions defeat me!"
Akira's joke didn't make Harry feel better.
"Harry, your first day went better than I expected.
I'm not surprised that you felt empowered, but I was prepared for this.
You are still a 4th year student!
You need to grow your magical core and learn non-verbal casting.
As you grow, that will be easier for you."
"Harry, you know that before our first duel, you sounded an awful lot like someone you say you are nothing like."
Harry was confused by that statement.
"You said you can match up with anyone."
Harry nodded.
"That sounds like something Draco Malfoy might say."
Harry felt shame rush over his face as he realized Akira was right.
"Yeah, I know."
He hung his head.
"I won't get ahead of myself again."
"No, you won't," Akira agreed.
"But Harry, you seemed to forget the three key lessons that dad and Nambung Sa Bum taught you."
"What do you mean?"
"1."
Akira raised his index finger.
"Always, always, keep your cool.
Keep your mind strong.
That's how you threw Snape and Moody.
You let me get under your skin."
Harry nodded in agreement.
"2.
Use your head.
Mix up your spells, and think through your actions.
You just attacked without a plan."
"You are right," Harry agreed.
"The summer was more about thinking through a fight than an actual fight."
"Well, my role as a teacher is to make sure you learn the spells necessary to win fights," Akira said.
"But I'm here as a teacher for every other student.
I'm here as your brother-in-arms.
So what's the third thing they taught you?"
Harry was lost.
Akira mimed a punch.
"they taught you how to fight without spells, didn't they?
3: You let me dictate the duel.
Your best move was to move in close and try and fight it out."
"But that wouldn't work against you!"
Harry complained.
"Of course," Akira said.
"But would it work against a 7th year at Hogwarts?"
Harry realized that point Akira was making.
"Use your strengths, keep your head, and you will go far this year.
Try and match up magically with older students who have already passed their .
..
, and that won't go well."
"Ok." Harry said, and turned to leave.
"Thank you, brother."
"Not done yet," Akira said, and Harry groaned.
He turned and saw Akira conjure a big block of wood.
"Do you remember?
"A/N: I wished I owned Harry Potter.
Alas, I do not.
Ms. Rowling, I'd be happy to take it off your hands.
A/N: Harry, put in his place.
This will be in and out of flashback, but I'll make it clear.
As a note, unless otherwise noted, it will be assumed that everything will be from Harry's POV for the moment, at least for a few chapters.
I think that will change, but for the moment I want to really dig into our protagonist before his "group" becomes big and we need to move freely between minds.
Chapter 11: Breaking Wood September, 1994 "Regretfully, I remember every scar," Harry said.
"What are you good at?"
Akira said.
June, 1994 "Harry said his reason for fighting was to protect," Takashi Hayashi told his son.
"To protect people who can't protect themselves, and the people he cares about.
That's a good enough reason for me.
He can work on real motivation later" Akira nodded.
"He'll go through forms with every other student."
"Good to hear," Akira said.
"He seems like a good kid."
"At night, I'll have him work on the wood block."
Akira nodded.
"I know you feel for him.
Under no circumstances can you help him.
This is something he had to clear by himself."
Akira saw the intensity in his father's eyes.
"Ok," Akira said, but Takashi could see his son didn't like his directive.
"So he'll have his own room until then," Hayashi Sensei said.
Akria nodded, and walked back to his room.
Takashi stared at the waning moon for a few minutes, remembering moments from his past, moments that Harry would have to go work through.
June, 1994 "Welcome to the Hayashi school," Hayashi Sensei said.
Harry was in the middle of a row of 5 muggles.
3 were girls, 2 were boys, and they all looked to be his age, if not a little older.
"I am your sensei.
For the first month, you will focus on the basics of my style of karate.
In the morning, you will do forms.
In the afternoon, you will do training.
Do you understand?"
"Yes, Sensei!"
Harry had been drilled on the correct form of response by Akira yesterday, and bowed to Hayashi Sensei.
"Good.
First, you learn how to take a proper fighting stance."
Hayashi Sensei put his feet right next to each other and the students copied.
He then slid his right foot back, put his left hand next to his face, and turned his right foot 90 degrees.
Again the students copied him.
"There are three main fighting stances.
The first," Hayashi Sensei said as he brought his right hand up to cover the other cheek, "is the boxer stance.
This stance is when you are fighting defensively.
The most important thing in a fight is to make sure you are not hit.
If your opponent cannot hit you, then you will never lose a fight.
So this is the only stance you will use this week."
Harry smiled a bit.
This didn't seem like it would be too bad.
4 hours later, Harry remembered that smile, and cursed to himself.
How could learning one stance be so hard?
First, they had held the stance, and then Hayashi Sensei would tell them to drop it.
For the next two hours, he would simply say up or down, and the stance would go up or down.
His legs were trembling by the end of the first hour, and by the second hour he couldn't raise his arms.
After that, they had to move while in the stance, and even if his back was to you, their sensei seemed to know if the hands dropped, and a slight smirk would follow.
Lunch was fairly basic, chicken and rice.
But Harry ate more than he could ever remember, and still felt hungry as they went to training in the afternoon.
This was the first cruel surprise that Hayashi Sensei sprung on them.
"I believe that you are all hear to become strong, and I have other students here.
So I will give you the training schedule, and it will be up to you to complete it."
All the students nodded.
"But first I will show you how to do the exercises."
He dropped to the ground, his arms extended, and lowered himself to the ground slowly, his chest touched the grass, and then he slowly raised himself up.
"That is one push-up.
It should take you at least 5 seconds and your chest should very briefly touch the ground."
Next it was over to the line of bars at different heights Harry had not noticed before.
Hayashi grabbed the tallest bar and levered himself up until his arm's were fully extended above the bar, and then dropped.
"That is a pull-up.
Arm's fully extended."
Then he took an underhanded grip and lifted his chest above the bar.
"Underhanded pull-up.
Chest above the bar."
He continued, and it seemed like all the exercises were to be done in a way that made it as hard as possible.
Their sensei then assigned each student 100 of each exercise, giving them 2 hours to do it.
Then he sprung the second really cruel surprise.
"Some teachers strike their students when they mess up.
I don't, but I remember.
Today, you will all do one extra push-up for every time you dropped your stance earlier.
So Harry, you will do 115 push-ups."
Harry nodded, realizing that was fair.
"Tomorrow, it will be 2 extra push-ups for every mistake.
Wednesday it will be 3" Harry did manage to complete all he exercises in 2 hours, even if his vision was blurry and he felt worse than he ever had before.
Then an assistant instructor came over to begin their "conditioning."
The first exercise was called back-end run.
They ran around the garden in a line, and when the instructor clapped his hands, the person at the end of the line sprinted to the front.
Mercifully, they were given a break after 20 minutes.
Cruelly, after that break the same practice resumed.
The next exercise was the worst of them all.
During the back-end run, the assistant instructor had placed cones all over the garden.
They had numbers on them.
He would give them a number, and they would run to the cone.
The next time a number was called, that was the number they ran to.
Finally, the last hour they brought the cones together and put ropes between them, creating what looked like a ladder on the ground.
They would step in and out, jump in and out, and race through the ladder, making sure to avoid getting their foot caught on the ladder to avoid smashing into the ground.
Even then, Harry's glasses slipped from his eyes a few times.
After they fell the first time, the assistant instructor gave him a small band that he tied around the end of his glasses that kept them in place even when he fell.
After a similar dinner which had a little more variety in the food offered, the rest of the students returned home.
Only Harry, Akira, Hayashi-Sensei and a girl named Marina who said she was from Slovenia remained.
Hayashi-Sensei gave Harry 5 minutes to watch the two senior students duel.
Harry didn't even recognize most of the spells, and was amazed at how the student students blended karate and magic so seamlessly.
"You can get there one day too, you know," Hayashi-Sensei said, sitting next to Harry.
"Maybe," Harry said, more to be polite than anything else.
He knew he would never approach that level of beautiful and effortless fighting, magical or otherwise.
"Harry, I started training when I was 7.
Akira lived in England until he started school at 10, and he started when he was 7 too.
He is 19 now.
I'm not surprised that given the fact that you have three years of sub-par schooling and 1 day of training here that you do not move like him.
Even Marina has spent 4 years with me.
It will come, but not today."
"Yes Sensei," Harry said, his tone bristling a bit.
Hogwarts had issues, but he did not like that Hayashi Sensei would disparage his school.
"Unfortunately, your training is not done for the day."
Harry's mind screamed out in fear.
"Relax, no more running."
His sensei led him back to the indoor training space.
He then tossed a piece of wood up in the air and magically suspended it.
"Break it."
Harry reached for the pocket that his wand was in, but his Sensei grabbed his hand.
"With your hand."
"What?"
"Take your stance."
Harry did, and he watched as the older man pantomimed a slow punch, showing how his hips rotated, and his hand turned to hit the wood with the knuckles, snapping the wood in half.
Harry tried to copy him, but the wood did not break and he was left nursing his knuckles.
"Work on it every night.
Come to me when you break the wood."
Harry spent the rest of the night practicing the form, not wanting to hurt his knuckles any more.
The rest of the week followed the same pattern.
The morning they would work on that same stance.
Holding it and moving while the stance was up.
On Friday, Harry only dropped the stance twice and had only 10 additional push-ups, his lowest total.
Then after training in the afternoon, Harry felt like he had a tiny bit of energy left, and did not fall at all during ladder drills.
But his nights remained frustrating, as he had not been able to break the wood.
He spent most of the night practicing the perfect form of the punch.
When he hit the wood and it did not break his hand really smarted, so he only tried with his first and last punch.
He hated that block of wood, and if Hayashi-Sensei had not told him the third day that the wood was normal, Harry would have sworn the wood was enchanted not to break.
September, 1994 "Never stopping," Harry said, staring Akira in the eye.
"Winning at all costs."
"Why do you fight?"
Akira said, holding the block of wood up and away from his face.
"To protect what is important to me," Harry said, taking the boxer stance."
June, 1994 "What are you doing?"
Harry jumped back in surprise.
There was a man standing by the opening into the courtyard.
He had never seen the man before, so he went for his pocket, but as soon as his wand was drawn it went skittering across the floor.
The man had not moved or said anything, but Harry had been disarmed.
"Relax.
I'm here at Takashi's invitation."
Harry inched towards the wand, terribly nervous.
"Nambung!"
Hayashi-Sensei called out, and the man turned and shook the instructor's hand.
"Don't scare my new students!"
"Breaking wood?"
The newly named Nambung said.
"I thought you said you had a promising student who I would help this summer?"
"Yes," Hayashi said.
"Harry is one of three, though he is the only wizard of the bunch."
"He's not even punching through the wood.
Ugh."
The new man walked over to Harry.
"You can call me Sa Bum.
It's the Korean equivalent of Sensei, and while Takashi is Japanese, I'm Korean.
Got it?"
Harry nodded, cowed by the intensity of the new man.
"Stop hitting the wood.
You are punching the wood.
Stop it.
Punch through the wood."
"I can't," Harry explained.
"I'm not strong enough."
"A child is strong enough," Sa Bum said.
"Punch through it.
Not at the wood.
THROUGH!"
He looked at Harry and nodded.
Harry took a deep breath and took his stance as he stepped towards the wood, and punched through the wood.
Then his hand connected with the solid substance and instead of stopping his punch, Harry followed through and the wood splintered.
He jumped in excited as the wood clattered to the floor in pieces.
"I did it!"
He turned to the two older men, but saw that Sa Bum had conjured a second piece of wood, twice as large and thick.
"Why do you fight, Harry?"
Sa Bum asked.
"To protect my friends," Harry said, taking a stance.
"Who is your best friend?"
Sa Bum asked.
"Ron… No.
Hermione," Harry said, confidently saying the name of the bushy-haired girl.
"Hermione is my best friend."
"This block of wood is threatening her.
If you don't break it, Hermione is going to die."
Sa Bum stared at Harry, an intensity in his gaze that lit a fire Harry didn't know he had.
"Break it!"
And Harry did, his hand flying through the wood, this time sending splintered all over the room.
September, 1994 Harry punched through the big block of wood, shattering it into an uncountable amount of pieces.
He instantly drew his hand back to his face, protecting against a possible counter attack.
"Right high kick!"
Akira called, and Harry responded, snapping the wood Akira had tossed with his right leg.
"Back kick!"
Again Harry kicked, and again a shattered piece of wood feel to the ground.
"Backhand.
Left push kick!
Left punch!
Left jab!"
Akira must have called out 30 commands and each time Harry met the block of wood with a body part and shattered it.
"Why do you fight?"
Akira yelled.
"To protect my friends!"
Harry cried out.
"Right straight!"
Harry stepped into the punch with his whole body, and his fist smashed through the wooden shield Akira had conjured and hit Akria square in the face, pushing him back.
"Akira!"
Harry rushed forward as his teacher fell to the floor.
"Good punch Harry!"
Akira rose to his feet and patted the younger boy on the back.
"Do you feel better now?"
Harry took a deep breath, and realized that he had totally forgotten his earlier sour mood.
"Thank you, brother."
Harry shook his head.
"I needed that."
"You did," Akira said.
"So I'll see you tomorrow at 6:30, front door of the castle?"
"Yes," Harry said.
"Of course… Sensei."
Akira had told Harry he hated being called Sensei in private, but the older boy just smiled at him and responded with a gesture Harry hated, ruffling his hair.
"Get some sleep, Harry.
Tomorrow training begins for real.
No sleeping in class, so get it tonight."
"Not even history of magic?"
Harry asked.
"Tell you what," Akira said with a smile as he walked with Harry out of the hall.
"If your best friend sleeps, so can you."
"I hate you," Harry said under his breat.
/N: I wished I owned Harry Potter.
Alas, I do not.
Ms. Rowling, I'd be happy to take it off your hands.
A/N: Time to pick up the pace.
The last chapter was a little short.
This one won't be.
Covering a lot of ground.
For the most part, my chapters will be closer to 5000 words than 3000 words in the future.
Chapter 12: Time Flies September and October, 1994 Harry noticed that this school year was different fairly quickly.
He didn't know if it was because he just perceived the passage of time differently, seeing the value in every study session, every paper, and every assignment.
He didn't know if it was because for one hour every day before the rest of the castle was up Akira would dump him on his backside at least 30 times and that he had added close to 20 pounds in muscle since the end of last year.
He didn't know if it was because he used the strength and logic of his mind that all of his instructors had drilled into him over the summer.
Harry knew Professor Hayashi, as he was known to all the other students, was keeping an eye on Harry's confidence, making sure he did not go into a negative spiral while keeping a teenage ego in check.
After being summarily beaten down every morning, Harry did not worry all that much about his ego.
Every now and then Akira would allow them to use wands and they dueled instead of sparring.
Harry usually lost quicker then.
But any time he got praised in class, he would relay that to Akira, who would make sure to bring Harry down a peg in the morning.
Harry used his daily workouts at night to work through some of his frustration.
Near the end of September, after another humbling in the morning, Harry was at breakfast with Dean, talking about an assignment due in transfiguration.
Professor McGonagall had asked them to write one roll of parchment on the theory behind transfiguring an animal into a single other entity.
After the collective failure of the class to make much progress on the guinea pig to pin cushion with pins in it, the Gryffindor head of house allowed the students to change the small rodent into any other singular object, with special credit to anyone who made it into a pin cushion.
Harry had written his roll on turning the animal into a rock and would endeavor to do that in class.
Dean had gone in a different direction, trying to make his animal into a feather, and the two debated which was better.
"A rock is a simple object," Harry contended.
"All in one piece.
A feather is much more complex with all the different edges it has."
"A rock is heavier and denser," Dean replied.
"The in-between step is to turn the animal into something in between.
The feather is easier to conjure, so it should be easier to transfigure as well.
Besides, feathers come from animals, so that will be easier too."
"Feathers come from birds," Harry said with a laugh.
"A guinea pig is not a bird."
"Well, we will see today who is right," Dean said, and Harry nodded in agreement.
He was confident in his solution, but he had not had much success since the first day of class.
Occasionally he tapped into that power he had felt the first day, but it was hard to find the exact frame of mind to perform magic better than he usually did.
"Sucks we have to go through potions first.
But Snape doesn't pick on you as much.
"True," Harry replied to Dean.
After his first class with Daphne, Harry was surprised to be asked by Daphne to pair up with him for a while longer.
A week later, she had walked right past him and sat with Tracey Davis with no explanation.
Dean had slid into the seat next to Harry and the two Gryffindors had built a connection around middling success in potions.
"It's still far from my favorite subject.
"It's not mine either," Dean agreed.
"But at least you don't have to feel all slimy and controlled with Moody.
After a long discussion with Akira at the end of his first week of classes, the Japanese professor had allowed Harry to break out of Moody's Imperious curse the second week, and soon after had advised Harry that he was best served breaking the curse on others as well and that he should not hold back.
Harry had been happy to comply and was the most sought after partner on Mondays when Moody's practical instruction involved cursing students.
Harry had been mildly surprised by how popular Akira was when he taught on Wednesday and Thursday.
His lessons were engaging, and he progressed from stinging hexes to stunners in a logical and sensible way.
Harry had read ahead and soon they would be working on cutting hexes, which normally wouldn't be taught in 4th year, but all of the 4th years had blossomed under the dual instruction of the Master Auror and the visiting Professor.
"Harry, how do you manage to break out of the curse so easily?"
Susan asked him later that day after defense "Don't worry, I won't tell people about how you broke it in the first class."
After the first class where Susan had hidden the fact that Harry had managed to get her out from under the imperious curse, she had been unable to do it on her own.
If Moody realized, he didn't say anything.
None of the classmates had put the two together.
"Well, the imperious is just a suggestion," Harry told her.
"You need something in your mind that counters or negates that suggestion to do what the spell caster is saying."
"That's not what Moody says," Susan replied.
"He just says constant vigilance, and then tells you to try harder."
"I think he's mad," Ron added.
"I'm worried that he will end up hurting me before I ever learn how to break out."
"Well, he will only be our instructor for a little over a month," Hannah added.
"You can always talk to Professor Hayashi about it."
She blushed a little.
"I always try and talk to him."
"He is so cute," Lavender added as they walked to lunch.
Hannah nodded in agreement and Harry chuckled.
That had become a common talking point among the little group they had assembled.
Ron, Neville, Dean, Lavender, and Hermione seemed to spend a lot of time around each other and him this year.
Whenever they had classes or homework to do together, Susan and Hannah, and occasionally one or two of the Ravenclaws in their year joined their impromptu friend and often study group Although Daphne did not associate with them too much out of class unless she did Runes homework with him and Hermione, Harry included her in the group in his mind even if Daphne would die of embarrassment if she knew that Harry did so.
She continued to meet with him 1 on 1 once a week to go over what it was to be a Lord.
It wasn't until the end of the first month of school that he learned what Daphne really wanted in return beyond a potential date to the ball.
"Thanks for the help today," Harry said after an in-depth discussion of investing with the Goblins at Gringotts.
"Sounds like there is a lot more to wealth management than I thought."
"What's the Patronus charm like?"
Daphne blurted as Harry swung his bag over his shoulder.
"Sorry?"
Harry asked, unsure if he had heard her correctly.
"What does it feel like to cast it?"
Daphne asked again.
"What do you mean?"
Harry was confused why Daphne was asking him about it.
"Don't joke with me Harry," Daphne said.
She only called him Harry during their Friday sessions, which Harry now found endearing rather than annoying.
"We all saw you cast it last year against the three idiots during the quidditch match."
Harry nodded sadly.
Dumbledore's announcement that the tri-wizard cup would mean that there would be no quidditch that year had broken his heart and severely cut back against the excitement of the cup.
Ron could not go more than a day without mentioning how awesome the cup was, which immediately followed by a complaint about the lack of quidditch.
Harry missed his friend Oliver Wood, and he knew the keeper was likely to try and hex Dumbledore after that announcement.
"Well, the way Remus explained it to me was that you need a positive memory to draw on to summon the Patronus.
I think he is mostly right, so when you cast the charm there is a partial sense of euphoria, for a second.
If you can't get that feeling, it can be hard to cast it.
Then once you have that feeling it's almost like the emotion is pouring out of your wand, and that creates the white mist?"
"White mist?"
Harry nodded.
"But your Patronus looked like an animal."
"That is the third step.
Step 1," Harry said, raising a finger, "find a strong positive happy memory.
Step 2," Harry raised another finger "use that memory to produce a mist.
Step 3 is to find the form that comes naturally with the charm and put the mist into that charm."
"What shape is your Patronus?"
Daphne asked "That's a bit of a personal question," Harry told her.
"We are friends, aren't we Harry?"
Daphne stressed the use of the first name.
Harry paused near the door.
"That's true."
He sighed, and took a deep breath.
"My Patronus is called Prongs.
My dad was an animagus, and he turned into a stag.
My Patronus is what he looked liked when he transformed."
"One more question."
"Only one?"
"Who is Remus?"
Daphne asked.
"I thought Professor Lupin who was the one who taught you the charm after the fiasco with the Dementors last year."
"Sorry, Remus and I are friends," Harry told her.
"I spent a bunch of time with Professor Lupin over the summer.
His first name is Remus.
He was friends with my father and godfather."
"You have a godfather?"
Daphne looked puzzled at that announcement.
"And a godmother," Harry told her.
"Harry!"
Daphne raced to him and grabbed his arm.
"How could you not tell me that?"
Harry had never seen so much raw emotion on his friend's face.
"Sorry," Harry said, extracting his arm from her vice-like grip.
"I didn't see it as important.
Does that affect anything about my being a lord?"
"Of course it does!"
Daphne's eyes looked panicked.
"Your godfather should be your magical guardian as well.
Didn't you say you don't know who your magical guardian is?"
"Well, that might be a problem," Harry said.
"My godfather can't really be my magical guardian."
"Is he dead?
Even if he is, then your godmother would be your magical guardian.
They might be why you became Lord Potter."
"I highly doubt it," Harry told his only Slytherin friend.
"Neither of them are in a position to engage with the Ministry of Magic."
"Why not?"
Daphne said.
Then she threw her hands over her mouth.
"Oh my god, I'm so sorry.
I assumed since you used present tense…" Harry looked at Daphne with an eyebrow raised.
She didn't elaborate, issuing another apology he could barely hear through her hands which stayed over her mouth.
"Daphne, I have no idea what you are talking about," Harry admitted.
"You mean that your godparents are alive?"
"Both of them are alive," Harry told her.
"Sorry if I gave the wrong impression."
"So they can't go to the ministry because they…" Daphne stalled, clearly lacking a reason that two magical people wouldn't be able to go to the center of magical Britain.
"I didn't say they couldn't go," Harry corrected her.
"I said they can't engage with the Ministry.
And before you ask the question that is coming, it is not my story to tell."
"Harry, I'm trying to help you," Daphne complained.
"If you don't tell me what is going on, my ability to help you is virtually non-existent."
"I appreciate it, really I do."
Harry sighed reluctantly.
"Listen, I can't give you specifics, but I can tell you that one of my godparents is really sick.
The other one has been…" Harry searched his mind for the best way to phrase it "out of the country since I was born, and I know he hasn't spoken to the Ministry.
He is at odds with their politics."
"You should reach out and ask if he talked to them anyways."
"I will," Harry told her.
"Thanks for the advice."
He swung the door closed behind him, seeing that Daphne needed a few moments to think.
Near the end of the month, Harry got an owl he had been looking forward to immensely, and as Hedwig dived down to land on Harry's shoulder, Harry looked at his snowy-white owl and recognized the cursive spelling of his name on the envelope as he looked away from dinner.
"Is Hedwig picking up someone else's letters?"
Hermione asked.
"No, I asked her to wait for a response," Harry told her.
"It was a long flight, so I wanted her to get a rest as well."
"Where did she fly to?"
Ron asked?
"Romania," Harry replied.
"Romania?"
Lavender sounded incredulous.
"Why would she fly to a backwater like that?"
"Hey!"
Ron responded.
"My brother works in Romania."
Harry could barely hear him through the food in his mouth.
"Charlie?"
"Charlie."
Harry answered.
"While we have a long time until we have to think about careers, everything I have heard from him about his job makes me more interested."
"Who is Charlie?"
Seamus asked.
"Oh, do you mean Charlie Weasley?"
"How do you know my brother?"
Ron asked.
"Everyone knows your brother," Neville added.
"He was the seeker before Harry," Dean told Ron.
"Of course we know Charlie.
Not personally, but we know of him.
Can't say I know what he is doing after graduation though.
What is he up to Harry?
Romania is a bit out of the way."
"It's true there is not a lot there," Harry said.
Everyone leaned in around him as he paused for dramatic effect.
"Well, they do have one pretty cool thing."
Hermione's eyes widened, and Harry had to stop laughing as Hermione realized what he was talking about before Ron, who looked as curious as the rest of his housemates.
"Dragon Sanctuaries."
"Ron, you have a brother who is a dragon tamer?"
Parvati asked, clearly shocked.
"I mean, he was a seeker, but that's crazy."
"They actually really don't like the term dragon tamer," Harry corrected.
"Only crazy people try and tame dragons.
They are wild animals for a reason.
He is a dragon handler.
They try and keep dragons healthy and study them from a preservation and academic viewpoint.
Charlie's mentor is the foremost expert on dragon mating in the world.
His current project on dragon mating sounded interesting, so I hope that this letter answers my questions.
If you don't mind?"
He asked his classmates who all shook their head.
Harry tore the letter open and there was silence as Harry read the letter.
"Well?"
Ron asked as Harry slipped the letter into his robes.
"Well what?"
Harry asked as he picked up his fork.
"What did Charlie say?"
"He said he sends his love to you, Ginny, and the twins of course," Harry said, a little annoyed that Ron was keeping him from dinner.
"I think he means what did he say about dragons?"
Hermione asked.
"He answered most of my questions, and he said he could answer the rest of them pretty soon."
Harry reached for his fork but was stopped by Dean.
"What sort of questions?"
Dean asked.
"Charlie and I have been talking for a few months, so it would take a few hours to catch you up," Harry told Dean.
"Suffice to say, dragon mating rituals are quite different to humans."
"That's not much of a surprise," Ron said, a crumb spewing out of his mouth.
"Oh really?"
Hermione said.
Harry looked at her curiously.
He shouldn't be surprised that his best friend would know about dragons.
"I'd say that dragons probably don't pay too much attention to talking with their mouth full either, so maybe you mate like them too."
Harry coughed up some of his pumpkin juice and the rest of his housemates laughed as well.
"Hey!"
Ron said indignantly.
"Eat like a dragon, mate like a dragon."
Hermione responded.
"Hermione that's not fair."
Harry told her.
"Thank you," Ron said.
"Dragons have wonderful table manners.
They must be much nicer to their mates than Ron."
Ron rose angrily and stormed out of the hall.
Harry sighed at got to his feet.
"I'll talk to him."
He caught up with Ron right before the Fat Lady.
"Mate, we are just teasing.
What's wrong?
You've never responded like that before."
"It's nothing," Ron said, giving the password and entering the common room.
Harry walked in behind him.
"Ron, what's going on?"
"How about you go talk about dragons with your best friend?"
Ron snapped at Harry.
He was flushed red and his body language was definitively hostile.
"Ron!"
Harry was shocked at the tone in his friend's voice.
"Hermione is your best friend?"
Ron said angrily.
"At first I thought you were just saying that for her parents' sake.
I thought we were best friends."
"That's what this is about?"
Harry asked.
"Best friends don't just change," Ron said.
"Am I your best friend, or is Hermione?"
"You know that both of you are important to me," Harry said, wanting to avoid lying, knowing that his two most important friendships hung in the balance.
"Me or Hermione, Harry?"
"Ron, don't make me choose between you two."
"I'm not making you choose.
One of us is your best friend.
Which one of us is it?"
Harry ground his teeth at Ron's stubbornness.
He didn't need to answer to know the possible outcomes.
He could tell Ron he was his best friend, and he would make sure it came up before it was even bedtime.
Harry still remembered Hermione's reaction when he said she was his best friend at the train station, and although she would pretend to be ok, Harry knew it would crush her if Ron said he was Harry's best friend.
On the other hand, Ron's jealousy would mean that if he said Hermione, Ron might not talk to him for a while.
Harry did not know what had caused Ron's jealousy to surge up.
Ron could have talked to Harry about this at any time during the year, but for it to pop up unannounced confused Harry.
But as much as he thought, there was only one answer.
He tried one more time to stop Ron from forcing him.
"Ron, don't do this."
Ron stayed still, his arms crossed, eyes boring into Harry.
"You are my best mate," Harry said, leaving the unanswered question in the air.
Ron stormed off towards the stairs to the boys' dorm, and Harry let him walk off, a stabbing pain in his heart as he sat on the couch.
Time was moving forward, but Harry barely processed it as people entered the common room, some settling there and others going up to their dorm.
Harry had homework due soon sitting in his bag in his room, and still had his nighttime exercises to do, but he couldn't make himself face Ron.
"Harry?"
Hermione said as she sat down next to him.
Harry knew that normally he might turn to look at her, but right now he didn't know what type of face he would show her and didn't want to hurt her.
"Are you ok?"
Harry knew he needed to try to talk to Ron again, if only because he knew Hermione saw him as an important friend, and that if Ron shut her out because of what Harry had said, it would hurt her too.
He was used to occasionally loosing Ron.
For her, fighting was the default setting with Ron, not stony silence.
"Yeah," Harry lied.
"Let me go get my bag, and we can try and take a run at charms."
He managed to force himself up the stair and into their dorm, and saw Ron playing Seamus at chess.
"Ron," Harry said, but Ron turned away ignoring him.
"Ron, Harry is calling you," Seamus said.
"Well, if he had a problem maybe his best friend can help him out."
Ron replied.
All of their roommates looked at him.
"Apparently I'm only his best mate."
"Ron, I wish you wouldn't be mad at me," Harry said, but stopped that line of attack once he saw Ron's stone-cold face grow angry at that statement.
"Fine.
But don't take it out on Hermione.
You are still her friend, right?
You know how important your friendship is to her."
"Because the little know-it-all doesn't have any others," Ron spat.
"You wouldn't either if not for me.
You are a really rotten friend, Harry.
I'm your best friend, and you treat me like that."
"Hermione is my best friend, Ron," Harry said quietly, but loud enough for all of their roommates to hear him.
Ron sneered at Harry and walked into the bathroom, slamming the door behind him.
"That is messed up, Harry," Seamus said as he grabbed his bag.
"You make me a little sick, treating your best friend like that."
He left the dorm, and Dean grabbed his bag and headed towards the exit too.
"You too Dean?"
Harry asked as Seamus disappeared down the stairs.
"What do you mean?"
Dean asked.
"Oh, about the Hermione being your best friend thing?"
Harry nodded, hoping that Dean would not abandon him too.
He had felt like they were becoming good friends this year.
"Oh, I think you are wrong."
"Why?"
Harry asked, at least trying to get an explanation from an impartial third party source.
"Well, I think that girlfriend and best friend should be different people."
Dean said.
Harry's jaw hit the floor.
"Wait, you and Hermione aren't dating?"
"No way!"
Harry jumped off the bed.
"Do other people think that?"
"Some," Neville said.
"I don't.
I don't think that is why Ron or Seamus is mad either.
But a lot of people think you two are an item."
"We aren't," Harry told Neville.
"Oh."
Dean nodded slowly.
"Yeah, I still don't really have a problem with what you said.
If Ron has an issue with being your best mate, seems like that is an issue he has to work out."
"Then why are you following Seamus?"
Neville asked.
"Oh, I just promised Parvatti I would work on the History of Magic essay with her."
Dean shrugged his shoulders.
"I figured my viewpoint on the matter was obvious, and that Ron and Seamus were just being asses.
My bad.
Next time I'll speak up.
I'll try talking to Seamus too.
Maybe he had the same misunderstanding that I do."
He walked out the door, and Harry sat down heavily, trying to put together everything that Dean had said.
"Why isn't Hermione your girlfriend Harry?"
Neville asked, sitting down next to him.
"I'm sure she'd say yes if you asked her, and I think you two would be good together."
"Well Neville, I don't know a lot about love," Harry said, "but I'll try to answer that."
"Love?"
Neville asked with a snort "I just said girlfriend, not true love."
"Well," Harry replied, "I had better be damn sure I love her if I am going to ask her out and she is going to say yes.
Otherwise that would be a pretty horrible thing to do to your best friend.
I also don't think that the top of your list for qualities you look for in a girlfriend should be whether or not they would say yes."
"Oh," Neville said, and Harry could see his words had struck home.
"As for overall, I love Hermione.
Whether or not I love her as a girl as well as a person, I've never considered that."
"I know she isn't beautiful-" "Honestly, I couldn't care less," Harry said, cutting Neville off.
"Although I think that is more by choice than anything else.
Hermione prefers to spend her morning studying than doing her hair.
I bet if she tried, she would stun us all."
"Ok, then what?"
"I think the answer is in what I just said."
Neville's face betrayed his total lack of understanding.
"I've never even considered how I feel about her as a girl.
If I had feelings towards her, I'm sure I would have thought of it at least a few times.
I haven't, so I think that I would have to force it and that wouldn't last long.
Hermione knows me too well for me to try and lie to her for an extended period of time, especially about something as serious as love."
"What's more, I think we wouldn't be a good couple.
Hermione might give me a hard time for getting into trouble, but she always goes along with me in the end.
I think that any good couple needs to fight and challenge each other, and Hermione loves me a little too much to really stick up against me when I have my mind set on something."
"But you just admitted Hermione loves you!"
Neville protested.
"I said earlier I love Hermione and you didn't have a problem with that," Harry reminded Neville.
"Man, you are way too good at this arguing thing," Neville remarked.
"This isn't an argument, Nev." Harry patted his friend on the shoulder.
"I'm not trying to convince you that I shouldn't be dating Hermione, I'm explaining why we aren't and why we will probably never be boyfriend and girlfriend."
"Fine," Neville agreed.
"Any other points?"
"Yeah, just one," Harry admitted.
"Maybe the most important reason.
I think that everyone in life carries baggage, and I think a really important significant other needed to be able to understand and help you with your baggage.
I might be a better student this year, but I don't think I can ever understand how hard it is for Hermione to always be the smartest, and be teased so mercilessly, sometimes even by our professors, for being that.
I can't help her with that, and I'd want her to find someone who can understand that, who knows what it is to work so hard and live up to the expectations she has created for herself."
"I also don't think she really understands how rubbish it is for me to be the boy-who-lived.
There is an element of our relationship where she sees me as the savior and vanquisher of the dark lord, a small one but it is still there.
She has seen me do so many amazing things that it is hard for her to see me as just Harry, a normal guy.
I think I would need to be with someone who understood how I feel about that, and why it bothered me so much when the first thing people see is my scar.
Hermione tries, but she can never get rid of it.
It's part of being an English Witch."
"Also, I'm a bit of a romantic at heart.
My dad's first serious girlfriend was my mom, and my mom's first boyfriend of any type was my dad.
I know it's unlikely, but wouldn't it be a wonderful story for any kids you had someday to know that all your first real moments were with their mom?"
Harry shrugged his shoulders, and then turned a sharp gaze on Neville.
"If you tell anyone that last part, I will hurt you."
"Never," Neville said.
Harry grabbed his bag and head towards the door.
"Oh, Neville?"
"Yeah?"
"I guess the position of best mate is open," Harry said, half-joking.
"Any interest?"
"Are you joking?"
Neville asked, and Harry heard something in the Gryffindor's voice that made him slow down.
There was an element of doubt, but also something there he rarely heard in Neville's voice.
Something akin to longing and hope, something that Neville desperately needed.
"Not at all," Harry said.
"How about it?"
"You going to do homework with Hermione?"
Neville said.
Harry nodded.
"Well, I wouldn't be much of a best mate if I didn't chip in as well!"
Harry smiled, a rare true smile.
Neville was really a great guy, and Harry wondered if he should tell Neville the last reason he could never be with Hermione, what his real baggage was.
That he needed someone who could help him shoulder the baggage that was carved out in scars on his torso and back, and even if his feelings towards Hermione changed, he would never want to drag her down with that pain.
"Let's go then," Harry said, deciding to keep his mouth shut.
No one ever needed to know that.
"You ok, Harry?"
Neville asked as they sat on the couch one evening two week later.
Harry turned to look at Neville, and was in the process of giving a simple nod, and then stopped to really think about Neville's question.
Neville was a best mate who would want an honest answer, not a banal nod or a simple "I'm fine."
So Harry sat and really considered the question.
His classes were going well, for the most part.
He still struggled with a variety of things.
Herbology was tough, and while he loved talking about dragons with Charlie and was a shoe in for an O in Care of Magical Creatures due to his friendship with Hagrid, he still had nightmares about those exploding monsters Hagrid had raised this year.
But overall, there was not much to complain about, and Harry was confident that in time he would be able to master the material.
Most of his other classes were going well.
Transfiguration and charms were easier than they had been in the past, and now that Moody was done cursing them every class and they were working on hexes and stunners, Harry felt confident that he could stand against every person in class, sometimes two of them at the same time.
Whenever he seemed to feel his confidence starting to bubble over into hubris, Akira seemed to know and used the next morning to beat humility into him.
However, his physical skills continued to grow.
He was still growing, and to build muscle and abilities as he grew was supposedly the fastest way to get better.
It seemed to have results.
Although he had still not landed a solid hit on his brother, magical or otherwise, a few days ago he had staggered his brother with a kick even if Akira had blocked it cleanly.
So much was going well this year, but the answer to Neville's question was anything but easy.
There was something in the air that bothered him, and Harry couldn't put his finger on it.
That bothered him more than anything else that was going on.
Every year had presented new challenges, and some odd singular event that had ruined his year.
Even though the chamber of secrets had been the true challenge his second year, something major had already gone wrong due to the Lockhart's appearance as a teacher.
But nothing had happened so far.
Harry realized it was possible that all the trauma in his life might have made him overly sensitive in regards to expecting trouble of the worst kind to follow him.
Something horrible surely would have happened to him if he had gone to the quidditch world cup and had been caught up in the death eaters riot.
Maybe the moment Remus had dropped him at the Hayashi School his luck changed.
It wouldn't have been out of the ordinary for Hayashi-Sensei or Nambung Sa Bum to cast a spell on him that changed his luck without him knowing.
"Honestly, Neville?"
Neville nodded.
"Never better."
Ron might be gone, but for now, that was ok.
