Chapter 2: The Dueling Club O-o-o-o-o-o-o The Dueling Club was set to meet once a week on Tuesdays.
Head of House meetings were Monday nights.
Full staff meetings were on Thursdays, Weekly Quidditch captain meetings for scheduling with Ron were on Wednesdays evenings and Quidditch matches were set for the last Friday of each month.
The new schedule was going to make it difficult for Hermione and Ron to get much quality time together, but they'd have the weekends at least.
Although they already had plans to spend the first weekend back at Hogwarts with the other professors in Hogsmeade.
But there would be plenty of other weekends.
It was Tuesday, the second day of school, which meant that evening would be the first Dueling Club, which was set to meet in the DADA classroom as it had the largest floor space.
Hermione had put together a suggested lesson plan for the club's first meeting, although she was sure it would be met with opposition from Malfoy.
She entered the classroom fifteen minutes early and was the first one there.
She only remembered the one meeting she had attended ran by Lockhart and Snape in second year so she felt it better to structure like the Dumbledore's Army meetings instead.
She raised her wand and moved all of the desks to the side walls, leaving a large open area in the center.
She had brought a few large, plush pillows, which she placed on opposite ends of the room in seven rows, planning to split the students by year.
She heard the door open and turned to look, bracing for her first interaction with Malfoy.
To her surprise, it was Patrick.
She smiled at him, "Good evening, Patrick, are you going to be joining the Dueling Club?"
"When I heard you were in charge I just had to join, Professor," he said excitedly as the door opened again behind him, "My parents told me all about how you and Professor Potter and Mr. Weasley fought together against you-know-who.
Who could pass up lessons from a hero!"
"As famous as Potter these days," came the drawl of Draco Malfoy from the doorway.
Hermione took a deep breath before looking up to meet his eye, "Professor Malfoy," she greeted him, "It's been a while."
"Never long enough," he said with a hint of jest as he brushed past her.
She felt the urge to roll her eyes, but this wasn't the place for it, "Well, I'm happy you'll be joining us, Patrick.
We'll get started in about ten minutes if you want to read over some of the cards I've left at the first year pillows.
They're flash cards of the dueling spell we'll focus on today as well as the protection charm."
"Cool!"
He said, turning and heading towards the pillows.
Hermione walked over to Draco, who was leaning against the desk in the front of the classroom, "We're going to have to put our rivalries behind us if we're going to make a good impression for the students," she said quietly, but firmly.
"I was just joking around, Granger, calm down," he looked pointedly in the opposite direction.
"I don't think you were joking and it wasn't appreciated," she said shortly.
He sighed, annoyed with her now, "It was sarcasm.
I walked into the room to a reminder that I'm surrounded by Battle of Hogwarts heroes, give me a damn break."
His statement caught her off guard for a moment as they stared at each other before the door opened again and a few more students entered.
She shook her head, refocusing, "Look, we've got a job to do so let's do our best to work together for the sake of the students."
He crossed his arms in front of his chest, "Don't worry, I've no intention of losing my job."
"Good," she cleared her throat awkwardly, "Well I had some ideas of how we could go about running meetings.
Since we haven't had a chance to meet yet to discuss what we would do, I thought maybe I could just run it how I'm used to and you can give me your feedback on any changes you want to make."
"That's fine," he shrugged, clearly doing his best to put personal feelings aside.
"Alright, great," she gave him a nod before she turned from him, taking a deep breath to go greet the students that had entered and directing them to their places.
When everyone had been placed at the correct pillows, Hermione stood up in front of the classroom, next to Draco, "Welcome everyone to your first Dueling Club meeting.
For those of you that haven't met us, I'm Professor Granger, and this is Professor Malfoy and we'll be running the club meetings," she scanned the room of students, "It looks like we've got about 30 of you in total so it should be a great learning opportunity.
For reference, we were just assigned as the leaders of this group last night so we'll be a bit more prepared for future lessons.
For today, I thought it would be good to start with a standard curse and protection charm, which you'll practice against other students in your year.
We'll do a quick demonstration and then we'll walk around the room as everyone takes turns practicing the curse on one side and protection charm on the other.
Once you've participated in one, you can move to the back of the line opposite you."
One of the third year students raised their hand, "Yes?"
Hermione asked.
"Professor Granger, I was just wondering if we'd be doing any competitions or anything in this club?"
"I think that would be fun," Hermione said, looking over at Draco, whose expression was that of passive interest, "For the first couple of meetings I think we'll work on showing you some spells and practicing, and then how about for our last meeting of every month we'll have a competition with an award for the winners in each year."
There was an excited murmur in the classroom and Hermione chanced another glance at Draco, whose lip had curled up in a bit of a grin at the response.
For some reason his approval made her feel good about the decision and she turned back to the room of students, "Okay, so first, Professor Malfoy and myself will demonstrate the Stupify curse and Protego protection charm."
Draco pushed himself off the desk and they turned to face each other.
"The first step in a duel is to meet in front of each other with your wands raised," she and Draco raised their wands in front of them, about a foot apart, "And then you turn and walk three strides," they both lowered their wands to their sides before turning to walk their paces and facing each other again, "And now, as is normal in a real battle, you're not going to always know when the attack is coming, so we won't be counting down or anything.
You'll learn with time and practice that body language can tell you a lot about when someone is going to attack."
They stood calculating each other for a good few seconds before Hermione raised her wand and Draco mirrored her.
"Stupify!"
She yelled and he flicked his wand, "Protego!"
A beam of red light flew at Malfoy and was deflected.
Hermione turned back to the students, whose faces were lit up at the action, "You'll find the wand motions more clearly articulated on the flash cards at your stations.
Give it a go and remember even if you get hit, we've got pillows down to catch you.
This is practice so just do your best and we'll walk around to correct where we can."
The room burst into conversation as students studied the flash cards and got into position for their first try.
"Going to have to be a bit quicker," Draco said, his tone more conversational as he resumed his position against the desk next to her, "Wasn't even a challenge."
"We were just demonstrating for the class," Hermione replied, "I wanted you to be able to defend that."
"Whatever you want to tell yourself.
I'm going to walk around and see how they're doing."
The remainder of their first meeting was successful as they wandered separately, correcting wand movements and pronunciations where necessary.
Hermione found herself glancing over at Draco throughout the evening, almost expecting him to be scoffing at his duties, but was relieved to see that he seemed to at least take teaching seriously.
As the students left for the evening, Hermione started cleaning up the pillows.
Draco had settled back at the front of the classroom and was looking through the flashcards Hermione had stacked together.
"When did you even have time to make these?"
He said without looking up.
"Last night after the staff meeting," she said, trying her best to be cordial, unsure what to expect from him.
"Looks like you were up all night preparing."
"I was up a while," she conceded, "Don't sleep much these days."
Draco hummed in acknowledgement, nodding his head.
"Would you like to plan to meet on Mondays after the Head of House meetings to go through our Dueling Club plans?"
she asked, trying to make conversation while she levitated pillows into a bin.
"Seventh year NEWTs Potions classes are first thing Tuesday morning," Draco said, turning one of the cards over in his hand, "I'd prefer to prepare for these on Sundays, around 8pm, and we can meet here.
Gives me time to revise lesson plans last minute on Mondays if I need to for my own classes."
"Oh, um, yes we could do that," she didn't love the idea of carving out weekend time to spend with Malfoy, but did appreciate that he was willing to make something work to prepare together.
"Wonderful," he said a bit sarcastically, setting the cards down and walking towards the door, "See you Sunday then."
With that, he left Hermione to finish stowing the pillows and putting the desks back in their places before she turned in for the evening.
She returned back to her room to find Ron lounging on the couch flipping through a Quidditch magazine.
"How was your day?"
she asked, setting her bag down on the table.
"Fine," he shrugged, "Nothing exciting.
Couple of first years got their brooms into their hands today," he turned the page, not looking up.
"Progress," she commented, walking into the small kitchen they were given as professors and pouring herself a glass of water, "Well my first Dueling Club meeting went well," she said after a minute, "Malfoy wasn't pleasant but he wasn't terrible.
Couple snide remarks but that's all."
"That's right, forgot you had that," he said, looking up with mild intrigue.
"Well where do you think I've been," she said with an incredulous chuckle.
"Wasn't sure," he said honestly, "Figured you'd be back eventually."
She glanced up at him with a bit of annoyance but he was already looking at his magazine again.
"Well I'm going to do some reading in bed, would you like to join me?"
she asked.
"That's okay, I'm reading a good article here."
"Alright well I'm sure I'll still be up for a while," she said, "But if not, goodnight."
"Night, Hermione," he gave her a quick halfhearted smile as she walked into the bedroom, closing the door.
O-o-o-o-o-o-oChapter 3: Hogsmeade O-o-o-o-o-o-o The first week flew by, it always did.
As they rolled into their first weekend, the new staff couldn't wait for some time alone in Hogsmeade.
They'd rented out a room in the back of the Three Broomsticks and left the castle together.
Hermione noticed that Malfoy wasn't there and felt the tiniest amount of guilt, wondering if anyone had thought to invite him.
The staff that had been there for apprenticeships the last few years had all planned this outing at the end of the previous school year as a celebration for officially taking over their posts as professors.
She put it to the back of her mind, it's not like he would have wanted to go anyway.
Ron walked up beside her, their arms awkwardly dangling next to each other, still talking with Dean and Seamus about the most recent Cannons match against the Wasps.
Luna walked up on her other side, "Hermione, I heard you and Ron will be expressing vows of love soon.
Very happy times."
"Oh, yes," she forced a smiled at her, "Yes, Ron proposed a couple of weeks ago."
"You must be overjoyed," she looked at her dreamily, "Do you have plans for the gathering yet?"
"Um, no, not yet, lots of details to discuss so we've been tackling the small stuff first."
"Oh, like a date?"
"Well, not that yet, but I'm sure we'll pick one soon."
"I'm sure it will be exactly as you hope.
How was the rest of your holiday?"
"It was very nice," she said, happy to have a change in subject, "I went and spent some time with my parents in Spain while Ron and Harry did a trip around England for some Quidditch matches."
"Sounds lovely," Luna said airily, "Spain does have a nice bloom this time of year."
"How was your holiday, Luna?"
"Quiet.
Neville and I planted a garden out back of my dad's house.
The gnomes were very happy with our choices, I think."
"You didn't degnome the garden?"
Hermione asked, thinking back on the degnoming they did at the Weasley's one summer.
"Of course not, it's their home!
We'd be intruding if we tried to kick them out, wouldn't we?"
She laughed.
They arrived at the Three Broomsticks and everyone spread out along the large table in the back room.
They ordered food and butterbeer and settled in for an afternoon of sharing stories and enjoying the time away from their new students.
"I heard one of the first years went rogue on their broom the other day," Seamus said to Ron with a laugh.
"Oh yeah, took off like a bullet.
Had no idea what he was doing."
"Did you go up and help him out?"
Hermione asked.
"Nah, thought it'd be a good learning lesson for him," he grinned at Seamus.
"You should really keep a close watch on them, someone could hurt themselves if they don't know what they're doing."
"Merlin, Hermione, it's really not a big deal," Ron rolled his eyes, "I know you're scared of flying, but it's not that dangerous."
Hermione bit her tongue, sitting back in her chair and not wanting to get into it around the other professors.
"Harry, I heard the Auror Department was still trying to get you to change your mind about starting as a professor," Dean called across the table.
"Yes, they like to send a nice monthly owl to see how I'm doing these days," he nodded, "I keep telling them I'd like to do this for a few years before I think about being an Auror, but they are relentless."
Neville leaned over across Luna to talk to Hermione, "Weird seeing Malfoy show up, huh?"
"Quite," she said, "We're running the Dueling Club together."
"How's it been so far?"
"Better than I expected, but it's a bit tense."
"You just let us know if he starts calling you names or anything," Neville said valiantly.
She paused, "I don't think he will.
He hasn't really been mean.
If anything I'd say he was uncomfortable.
Made a comment about how we're all Battle of Hogwarts heroes."
"I imagine it's difficult for him to be here after being on the other side," Luna chimed in, "He probably feels alone."
The statement hit Hermione a little harder than she was sure Luna meant it to, but the girl was probably very correct.
He'd come to teach at a school where not only did he not have any friends, but he was surrounded by mostly Gryffindors that knew he had sided with Voldemort during the war until he'd been able to safely walk away.
Not to mention surrounded by students who may or may not know some portion of his history.
She realized in that moment that he was either very brave or very arrogant to even consider a return to the school.
She made a mental note to herself to at least try to give him a second chance and remember what he was already up against.
"Well, we're all here to support you, Hermione," Neville reiterated, "But hopefully it'll just get easier."
The group chatted through the afternoon, drinking a few too many butterbeers that turned into firewhiskeys as afternoon turned to evening.
Hermione and Seamus were sitting at one of the booths, talking about some of the going-ons in the Muggle world they'd heard about from their parents over the summer.
His father had given him a cell phone, which he laughed about as he and his mother had told him a hundred times that electronics didn't work in the wizarding world, but he'd insisted for emergencies.
Some of the boys were standing over by the bar area talking about Quidditch and Luna and Neville were currently whispering to each other in the corner.
Hermione looked over at Ron, who was taking down his third or fourth firewhiskey, as he slammed his glass passionately onto the bar, "You're daft if you think the Magpies have a chance agains' the Cannons," he said to Dean, "Their seeker couldn't spot a snitch even if it landed on 'is bloody nose."
"The Cannons haven't had a good Keeper in seven years, Ron, you're more likely to lose in goals regardless.
It's like watching Ireland vs. Bulgaria every game."
"He's up an' comin'," Ron slurred, his eyes looking heavy.
"You can't be 'up and coming' for four seasons," Dean laughed, pushing Ron's shoulder jokingly.
Ron stumbled back a step and Dean grabbed his upper arm, "Whoops, sorry mate, maybe time we all head back up to the school."
"No way, I'm fiiine," Ron grinned, batting Dean's hand away .
Hermione sighed, excusing herself from Seamus to go coax Ron into leaving.
He'd had an affinity for getting carried away with his drinking lately.
"Ronald, Could we head back up, it's getting late," she said to him, Harry pulling Dean away to tell him about the Quidditch circuit they did over the summer and all of the match ups.
"Hermione, I'm fiiine," he said again, waving her off.
"I know you are, but I'm ready to head back, will you please come with me?"
"Ready to kill the party already," he muttered under his breath and Hermione closed her eyes for a moment, he was drunk and he didn't know what he was saying, "Alrigh', fine, I'll walk you back up."
Once they announced they were leaving, most of the others agreed that it was time to head in, leaving Neville, Luna, Ginny and Ernie as the last ones at the bar.
Harry had asked if she wanted him to help her and she pitter pattered enough for him to know she wanted him to, but wouldn't ask.
Ginny had given Harry a kiss goodbye and he'd told her to have a lovely time before he joined Hermione to help get Ron back up to the castle.
Harry had been there a lot when Ron had slipped into his drinking, or when Ron and Hermione had gotten into some of their bigger fights and he knew when it was, and wasn't, his place to get involved.
In this case, Hermione was very appreciative of his help, as he distracted Ron with more Quidditch talk so they didn't end up getting in a row over leaving the bar.
Ron had passed out on the bed as soon as they'd gotten him back up to the castle, and Harry dropped onto the couch in the living room.
Hermione got them each a large glass of water and curled up on the opposite side.
"That was sweet of you to come up with us when I'm sure you wanted to stay with Ginny tonight, please tell her I'm sorry for dragging you away," Hermione told him.
"You didn't drag me, it looked like you could use me tonight.
She was just having a nice time and I didn't want to pull her away.
She understands."
"I wish neither of you understood," Hermione said quietly, "I know our relationship can be a bit much sometimes."
"We all know you love each other," Harry told her, "You're entitled to having your own ups and downs."
"I just hate that fear of us getting in a fight in front of everyone, feels like a matter of time."
"I know," Harry gave her a crooked smile, "It's tough to see you fight because we love you both, but we'll always support you.
Maybe once you're married it will calm down.
The year of wedding planning is always a tough one.
Ginny and I got quite annoyed with each other throughout the process.
It all settled once the pressure of the event was off."
Hermione nodded slowly, knowing deep down that their frustrations had nothing to do with wedding planning.
"What do you think of Malfoy being back?"
She asked him.
Harry thought for a moment, "I'm glad, in a way, to see him here.
I vouched for him at his trial and I think I feel a bit validated seeing him trying to make something of his life."
"Have you interacted with him at all?"
He nodded, "Yes, Quidditch house leaders met on Wednesday.
He was decently quiet, but cordial, to both Ron and I."
"He was cordial with me as well," she said, "Made a couple comments early on, but he tried to backtrack and change his attitude.
Doesn't seem like he wants the drama we all used to have."
"I think everyone deserves a chance to move on from the war," Harry said quietly.
"I felt the same, actually," she said, "I got the feeling he regretted his role in it all, by the end of it."
"I wouldn't have testified at his trial if I didn't see it too."
She wanted to ask if he'd seen Draco at Fred's funeral, but it felt like something personal that wasn't hers to tell, "Alright, well I was just curious how he's been with others since he arrived."
Harry stayed a while longer as they talked on the couch.
Neither of them was going to sleep much anyway, so they may as well be awake together.
He finally left in the early hours of the morning, giving Hermione a big hug and wondering if Ginny would be back yet.
Hermione had fallen asleep on the couch for a few hours before the sounds of Ron stumbling around the bedroom and knocking a lamp off the bedside table had woken her up.
The day dawned with a certain sense of nervousness for Hermione, thinking about her meeting with Malfoy later in the day.
Every time she checked the clock, the hands seemed to move faster.
As eight o'clock loomed, she sighed, bidding goodbye to Ron, who was listening to a radio show at the table still nursing his hangover, and headed for the DADA classroom.
She pushed the door open to see Malfoy already there, writing something down on a piece of parchment.
"Evening, Malfoy," Hermione said as she walked in and closed the door.
"Granger," he responded, finishing up what he was writing.
"How was your weekend?"
she asked, trying to fill the time while she took out parchment and quills.
"Uneventful," he responded shortly, moving to sit on top of the desk across from her.
"Some of us went out to Hogsmeade on Saturday," Hermione said, "Nice to be able to go on our own time."
"As I heard it almost everyone went," Draco raised his eyebrows at her.
"Yes, um, sorry if you weren't invited but it was a plan we all made at the end of last year.
You should come to the next social gathering in October," she offered politely.
"No matter, Potter actually invited me, I just didn't want to go."
"Oh," she tilted her head a little, "Glad he mentioned it."
"Have a feeling he was just trying to make small talk while we waited for Weasley to get to the Quidditch Pitch on Wednesday," he leaned back on his hands, looking bored now, "House Quidditch leaders had to be at the first meeting for the season.
Just student team captains will go for the rest of the year.
One less thing on my list."
Hermione sat down at the desk and dipped her quill in its ink before she looked back up at him, "Well we're here to discuss the Dueling Club plans, so let's get to it, shall we?"
"Ready when you are," he nodded.
Hermione cleared her throat a little, "So we did Stupify last week.
I was thinking the next couple weeks we could do Petrificus Totalus, Levicorpus, maybe Bombarda?"
"How about Expelliarmus?"
Draco suggested, "Isn't that Potter's favorite?"
Hermione almost laughed, "Right, yes, good one to add early on."
"Bombarda might be a bit much for the classroom, also," Draco mused, "Not sure McGonagall wants us blowing stuff up in here."
Hermione flicked her eyes up at him, "I mean I would have put protections around whatever we were aiming at but alright, that's probably fair, we'll replace it."
They spent another half hour deciding the order of the spells and preparing the flashcards for Tuesday's meeting.
As they were packing their things to leave, Hermione looked over at Draco, "You really should come with us next time we go out on a weekend," she said, trying to extend an olive branch for their time working together, "It's good to get out with the other professors."
"I didn't come here to make friends," he said with a nonchalant shrug.
"Well then why did you apply to teach at Hogwarts," she asked, her voice soft as she slung her bag over her shoulder, the question had been burning in her since he'd arrived.
He hesitated a moment before meeting her gaze, "It wasn't fully my choice."
"Oh," she considered him, crossing her arms in front of her chest, "Who made you apply then?"
He looked at her as his eyes hardened, "I shouldn't have even mentioned it, Granger.
It's really no concern of yours," he picked up his bag and walked towards the door, "See you tomorrow."
o-o-o-o-o-o-o As he walked back to the dungeons he couldn't quite shake the uncomfortable feeling in his stomach.
She sounded like she cared.
Like she really wanted to understand why he was there.
He knew it wouldn't make his life any easier to push everyone away, but it was hard to see their questions and invitations as anything more than curiosity, or sympathy at best.
He'd already caused enough issues in their lives to-date to think he had the chance of actually being accepted.
Obviously he'd been harsh in his response.
He'd try to work on that, but it's all he knew.
When a Malfoy is faced with something uncomfortable, you turn your emotions of.
hapter 4: The First Competition O-o-o-o-o-o-o Monday's classes went by quickly as she walked her students through some of the different elements that made transfiguration more complex.
She'd demonstrated something simple, the teacup into a mouse trick, and something a little more difficult, turning the mouse into a cat.
She'd explained how going from single-cell to multi-cell transfiguration placed more importance on the accuracy of the wand movements and incantation pronunciation.
She then walked around and watched as they put into practice her teachings for the first time.
She was starting to learn more names this week, making it a point to say each students' name when they raised their hand and having them tell her something about themselves.
She got the feeling her students liked her so far, which felt nice.
It seemed Patrick had made a friend, which made her heart swell; a sweet girl from Ravenclaw named Erica Copper, who had taken the seat next to him this week.
Some of the others she'd remembered so far was a group of boys named Zachary, Gabriel and Marcus, who were sixth year Gryffindors that reminded her of the stories Harry had told her of the Mauraders.
They were a handful, but good natured.
There were a couple of Slytherins she'd gotten less positives vibes from, but she hadn't learned to put names to their faces yet.
However, she was trying not to be prejudiced against the Slytherins; there had been a few sixth years she'd taught that had been nothing but pleasant, if not the slightest bit cocky about their abilities.
One of them was named Fiona; she raised her hand a lot and was always quick on the uptake with new spells.
She found herself wondering what made Fiona a Slytherin, but reminded herself again that being a Slytherin didn't mean someone was evil, it could just be a nod to their ambition.
Monday night was the first Head of House meeting, which she had prepared a brief agenda for.
As she entered the room, Luna was already there, sitting with her hands clasped in front of her at a desk staring off thoughtfully across the room.
"Hi Luna," Hermione greeted her, "How are you tonight?"
"Oh I'm lovely," she smiled, "Just thinking about my last class this evening.
Kids have the most interesting minds.
I asked them about their theories on divination.
They all had opinions, even if they don't believe in it much."
Hermione wished she could be a part of Luna's divination class, just to get a glimpse of how she interacted with the students.
Luna would always be one of Hermione's favorite humans for her ability to live her life outside of the realm of judgment, not that she believed half of what came out of her mouth, "What do you think of divination?"
Luna considered her, "Well, I'm not sure what to think of it.
We all know prophecies are real and I believe the centaurs have an eye for the stars, but as an everyday practice, I don't think it's all that reliable."
"Why did you choose to teach it then?"
Hermione asked with a small laugh.
"Because that's the best way to learn such an imprecise practice, isn't it?
From someone with the same skepticism as you.
Then you can all look at the facts logically."
Hermione certainly couldn't disagree with that, since she herself thought divination was a bit of a joke, at least taught by Trelawney, "Spoken like a true Ravenclaw."
The door opened and Draco walked in, Ernie behind him.
"Evening," she said to them as they sat down at a couple of the desks near Luna.
"Evening Hermione," Ernie said, and Draco nodded at her.
"Alright, so the agenda is decently short tonight, not too much to discuss yet as term's just started," she handed out a piece of parchment to each of them along with a pamphlet, "You'll find a reminder of curfews times on there, something to share with your students if you haven't already.
As Heads of House, it's important to go over the safety manuals that we each received, in case there's ever an attack or other event that occurs.
If any of us ever have any unusual circumstances with students or other professors, I think we should also remember to utilize each other for suggestions and sounding boards.
We're all new to this, so we'll be each others' best resources."
They went over some of the materials and duties for Heads of House before Hermione called the meeting twenty minutes later, suggesting they all come back the following week with an idea for a mixer for all of the houses, wanting one of their goals to be promoting house unity.
Luna and Ernie left, but Draco lagged behind a moment as Hermione straightened the desks back out.
"Granger," he finally said, prompting her to turn around.
"Sorry Malfoy, I didn't realize anyone was still here."
"It's fine," he said, getting straight to the point, "For the Dueling Club, I'd like to lead this week."
It wasn't a question, but more of a statement.
Nevertheless, Hermione found herself somewhat intrigued and impressed with his want to be more involved.
Maybe she had underestimated him after all.
"Alright," she nodded, "Do you still want to use the flashcards or did you have another idea?"
"No, I like the flashcards.
I'd just prefer if we took turns leading the meetings so I'm not just the background professor.
I know you like being in charge, but so do I."
Hermione tried not to let her intrigue show on her face, "That's fair.
You can take this week.
I think it's great that you want to take a bigger role with the club and the students.
I wasn't sure you wanted to be a part of it at all, I was just trying to make it easier for both of us."
"I like teaching," he said simply, "Nothing more to it than that.
See you at Dueling Club."
With that, he left the room, Hermione watching after him with a small smile on her face.
Draco took a deep breath as he shut the door behind him.
Why was she so difficult to hold his expressionless demeanor with?
He'd turned everything off for years but she was getting under his skin.
Not in a bad way; on the contrary, it was almost… calming the way she talked to him and looked at him like she wanted to see something deeper.
But it was unnerving because he didn't know why she seemed to care.
He wasn't someone to care about.
He had an internal deliberation all the way back to his room until he came to the conclusion that he would have to try and let down his guard; shed his cold exterior around her, or else he knew he'd have to deal with this uncomfortable feeling of her putting in a one-way effort.
It seemed she was trying to give him a fresh start of sorts and he realized that wasn't a commodity he had the liberty to waste.
O-o-o-o-o-o-o When Hermione arrived to the DADA classroom the next evening, Draco was there, reading a letter at the front of the classroom, the room all set up for the students.
"Looks nice," she commented.
"Well I've got to live up to your first meeting, haven't I?"
He said with a sigh, rolling up the parchment in his hand and sticking it in his pocket.
It already felt odd to try and be more relaxed around her, but he'd promised himself he would, and he did pride himself on being quite personable when he wanted to be.
She wasn't sure if he meant it how she took it, but it almost seemed like a compliment, "Good luck with that," she said smoothly, joining him at the front and setting her bag down.
He looked over at her with the hint of a surprised grin on his face, her welcoming nature made this easier than he'd anticipated, "Alright, challenge accepted.
Prepare yourself for an outstanding club meeting."
His smugness lacked the bite he used to have and she looked back at him with a similar expression, "Can't wait to see how you make Expelliarmus the next cool spell."
She'd gladly accept a pleasant Draco, no questions asked.
He shrugged, "It's more about the overall experience."
She shook her head with a small laugh, starting to feel a little more relaxed in his presence, "How are your classes going so far?"
"Fine," he said, crossing his arms in front of his chest, "Would have been nice to do the apprenticeship like everyone else, but Slughorn gave me some general outlines he used to use.
Of course I've changed them up a bit to my preferences."
"It was certainly helpful watching for a few years before we had to take over," she said, wondering what in the world she would have done if she'd just walked in and took the reigns one day with no background, "Did you apply originally for the position?
Before they gave it to Susan?"
Draco looked at her incredulously, "Fresh out of my Death Eater trial?
No, I didn't.
I applied when I heard the post was open again, after my mother reminded me for the tenth time."
"Right, sorry," Hermione said with a tinge of embarrassment for bringing up an uncomfortable subject, but also taking note that he had mentioned his mother.
Perhaps she'd been the one that had wanted him to come back.
The door opened and a few of the third year Ravenclaws walked in.
Most looked familiar from the prior week, but one or two of them were new.
Hermione walked over to her bag, shuffling some papers around to kill the time before enough students were there to get started.
Once the pillows were surrounded by students, as the clock hit eight, Draco took a deliberate step forward, "Evening everyone," he said.
Hermione noticed his voice was casual, but authoritative, "Looks like almost everyone from last week has returned and we've got a few new students so you must have enjoyed the lesson," there were some happily nodding heads in the crowd as he continued, "Tonight we'll be practicing Expelliarmus, which you should be able to defend again with the Protego protection charm.
Professor Granger and I will demonstrate," he turned to her, "Granger, if you want to attack, I'll defend again."
"Of course, Professor," she said with a wry smile.
He clearly didn't know Expelliarmus was one of her specialties as well, being such good friends with Harry.
They met in the middle of the room, raising their wands and lowering them again before turning and walking three paces.
Their stances were calculating again as the room was silent.
"Expelliarmus!"
She shouted.
"Pro-," but he wasn't fast enough.
Her spell had been fierce and direct and his wand flew out of his hand, landing behind him.
He gave a sigh and shook his head, turning to grab his wand as some of the students cheered from the crowd.
Hermione leaned back against the desk, a self-satisfied look on her face as Draco returned to the center of the room.
His eyes met hers and he looked amused, but he addressed the students again, "Wanted to give you a good example of what that spell would do," he said with his head high, "You can take a look at the flashcards at your pillows and split up onto both sides to give it a go."
There was a scuffle of feet as everyone moved to their pillows and prepared themselves.
"I wanted you to hit me with that one," Draco said once everyone was talking amongst themselves.
"Whatever you want to tell yourself," she quoted him from their first meeting, pushing herself off the desk to wander the room.
He looked after her, impressed with her wit, something he had certainly never credited her for in the past.
He'd thought working with know-it-all Granger would be a drag, but at least she seemed to have a decent sense of humor.
And she didn't seem to want to bring up his past, which is what he'd been most apprehensive about.
He wandered into the sea of students, watching as one of the sixth year Hufflepuffs got a good hit on one of their Gryffindor classmates.
"Nice one, Jacob!"
The girl behind him congratulated him.
Draco tried not to laugh at the girl's obvious flirting tactics, but Jacob looked proud of himself as he crossed the room to join the defense side and the Gryffindor, Zachary, he thought his name was, begrudgingly grabbed his wand from the floor and joined the attack side.
The other Hufflepuff girl had a great shot against her opponent, but it was defended just in time.
Next, another sixth year Hufflepuff stepped up, looking nervous.
His opponent was a short but very outspoken girl from Ravenclaw.
"Expellm-armus," he said, flourishing his wand as nothing happened.
The Ravenclaw across the way looked embarrassed for him.
"Try again!"
She called.
Draco stepped up to the boy, "The incantation is pronounced Ex-pell-ee-arm-us," he said quietly, "And you'll want to make your wand motions a little more polished, like this," he did a slow motion example of the wand motion with his own wand and the boy nodded.
"I swear I've done this before, not sure why I'm getting nervous now."
"It happens when we're around our peers," Draco gave him a crooked smile, "If it helps your nerves at all, Professor Granger just bested me in front of the whole class so at least you've just got a few classmates around.
Just see the wand motions in your head and maybe picture your opponent as your best friend.
Something less intimidating."
The boy laughed, "Alright, thanks professor," he closed his eyes for a moment, taking a deep breath before he opened them and pointed his wand across the room again, "Expelliarmus!"
A red light shot from the end of his wand and the girl across from him defended it, "Wow, nice shot Harper," she said, clapping him on the back as they passed each other to switch sides.
Max Harper, Draco reminded himself after hearing the boy's last name.
Now maybe he wouldn't forget it again.
Hermione had been standing close by with a group of fifth years, listening in on Draco's teaching moment.
She heard him start walking away from the sixth year group and she refocused on what was going on at her station.
They cleaned up together that night, not talking, but his help was appreciated.
Hermione was stacking the last of the cards as Draco finished setting the desks back in order.
She glanced over at him as he paused at the door.
"Have a good night, Granger," he said with a crooked smile.
"See you, Malfoy," she replied as he left for the dungeons.
As much as she could tell it was still him, slightly arrogant and quick to comment without thinking, this new version of him that was clearly making an effort not to make them both miserable was a breath of fresh air.
It made a big part of her want to know more about what was going on behind the scenes.
O-o-o-o-o-o-o The next couple of weeks went similarly.
Hermione could feel him slowly letting down the walls that seemed built in stone around him as he went from a cordial 'hello' to an almost casual 'how are your classes,' and their conversations during their preparation meetings extended past business talk on occasion, when another subject would arise.
The transition happened almost naturally as they spent at least four days a week around each other between Head of House meetings, Dueling Club preparation, Dueling Club meetings and Staff meetings.
She'd shocked him a few times early on with her quick comebacks to his own witty comments and she could tell he was figuring out how to respond to it now; Almost like a challenge of wits.
They'd been so engrained to dislike each other their whole lives at Hogwarts that she'd never really considered he may have a personality outside of the mean insults and constant look as though he'd just smelled something unpleasant.
They'd seemed to find comfort in this sarcastic humor that fell somewhere between one-upping and outsmarting each other, with a hint of sincere enjoyment of the other as worthy competition.
It felt almost normal, like the bickering they'd done since they met, only instead of malicious, it was… friendly fire now.
They were holding their first monthly competition and each of the classes had crowned their champion for the night, the prize being twenty house points and a stash of candy from Honeydukes.
"Professor Granger, are you going to duel Professor Malfoy?"
Fiona called as they started to dole out the winnings.
"Oh," Hermione looked over at Draco, who raised his eyebrows and shrugged, "Yes," she said decisively, "Yes, we can do that."
The students whistled and clapped as they took their places in the middle of the room, raising their wands to each other before turning to walk their strides.
"Now, if I know Granger's moves by this point," Draco said to the class, walking away from Hermione with his hands clasped behind his back, "I know she's already got her wand up in defense," he wasn't wrong, she'd paced quickly that night, "And she's thinking perhaps I'll do something sneaky," he looked back over his shoulder, where she stood with a grin on her face, "But she'd be ready for that, so instead," he turned, raising his wand casually as she tilted her head at him, "I'm going to fully prepare myself for a solid attack."
Their wands were pointed at each other and Draco took a deep breath, "Petrifcus Totalus!"
"Protego!"
She yelled, jumping to the side and yelling, "Stupify!"
Draco defended her attack, and they began their dance of curses and counter curses as the students around them looked on excitedly.
They moved around the room, ducking and dodging each other, calculating and adapting.
At one point Draco had to forcibly throw himself on the floor to avoid her shot.
"Repete Verba!"
Draco shouted again, she'd never heard that one before and it caught her off guard as she paused to think after casting her protection charm.
Without giving her time to retaliate from her defense, he yelled again, "Expelliarmus!"
It caught her as she rose her hand again and her wand flew backwards over the desk.
She looked back at Draco in surprise, her eyes wide, but almost laughing.
"I concede!"
She called over the clapping from the students, "You win this round of our monthly professor duels."
Draco grinned at her, "You fought admirably Granger, but I accept your white flag."
They walked up to each other and shook hands, "Hope you're ready to keep score for the year, because this might be the only one you win," she said to him cheekily.
"I do like a challenge," he replied in a low voice, turning back to the students, "Alright, this has been a fun meeting, but it's time for everyone to get back to your dormitories before we've kept you out of bed after hours."
Everyone begrudgingly nodded, still high from the evening's activities, and started on their way back to their common rooms, talking animatedly about the duels they'd witnessed.
"So are you going to tell me you let me win?"
Draco drawled.
"No," she said, her head high, "You beat me fair and square.
Something I expect you'll say back to me when I beat you next time."
"Keep talking that way, it'll make it better when I beat you again," he glanced over at her as he levitated the pillows into their storage bin.
"You're going to be incorrigible this next month, aren't you?"
"Bragging rights are bragging rights," he shrugged, "But you put up a good fight."
"What was that spell you used?
The one that knocked me off my game?"
"I created it," he said proudly, "It makes your opponent repeat your next sentence after you."
"No way!"
She laughed, "What were you going to make me say!"
"That'll have to be a surprise for when it lands in the future."
"If it ever does the students will go crazy wanting to learn it," she warned him, "Can you imagine the gossip mill this school would be if you had students hitting other students with a jinx that made them say whatever they wanted!"
"Didn't really think about that," Draco blinked a few times, "That would make teenage life very interesting indeed."
Hermione rolled her eyes, "You're really a lot."
"One thing that's never changed," he flashed her a genuine smile and she felt some weird sense of goosebumps pop up down her arms, which she blatantly ignored.
They cleaned together that evening and Draco waited around for her to leave the classroom.
"Are you joining us for our Hogsmeade outing in a few weeks?"
Hermione asked.
"No," he gave a dark laugh, "Haven't gotten the friendliest vibes from many other professors."
"I'm sure if you came out, they'd have a chance to get to know you."
"Thanks for the offer," Draco said with finality, "But I don't mind the weekends to myself," they walked out into the entrance hall and Draco came to a stop at their split.
Hermione stopped with him, feeling an unusual instinct to keep talking.
Pushing the feeling to the back of her head, she cleared her throat, "Alright, well have a good night, Malfoy."
He looked like he, too, wanted to say more, but nodded instead, "Night Granger," he said, walking slowly backwards a few steps before he turned and headed towards the stairs to the dungeons as she watched after him for a moment, her curiosity of knowing more about him was growing with every interaction, but she wasn't sure if it would ever be appropriate for her to ask.
Pulling her thoughts back, she turned and headed for Gryffindor Tower, their duel from the evening playing back in her head as she smiled to herself.
O-o-o-o-o-o-oChapter 5: The Belated Apology O-o-o-o-o-o-o As Sunday rolled around, Hermione felt she was watching the clock waiting for it to be eight, as opposed to dreading it.
At seven thirty, she threw caution to the wind.
"I'm going to head to my Dueling Club meeting," she said, getting up from the couch, where she'd been sitting and reading.
"Going a bit early," Ron commented.
"I have some things I wanted to edit in my own lesson plans before Malfoy gets there," she said nonchalantly, grabbing her bag from the table, "See you later."
Ron watched as she walked out the door before he turned back to his magazine with a shrug.
She did love to work.
As Hermione walked towards the DADA classroom, she thought about how she wanted to try and have a real conversation with Draco tonight about some of the things she'd been wondering.
If the opportunity presented itself.
He'd been friendly with her for a few weeks now so maybe he would be more open to it.
She pushed the door open, surprised to see Draco was already there, setting his bag on one of the desks.
His head turned towards her at the sound of the door, "Evening, Granger."
"Evening, Malfoy," she said, wandering in to take a seat near him, "You're early."
"You're early," he said with a wry smile back.
She ignored his reply, starting to unpack her quills and parchment, "How was your weekend?"
"It was fine.
Met Blaise in Hogsmeade for a drink last night."
"That sounds nice.
Blaise Zabini?
I remember him, but not well."
Draco nodded, "He's one of the few I'm still close to.
Him and Pansy."
"Ah," Hermione couldn't think of anything nicer to say to that, she'd certainly never liked Pansy Parkinson.
For some reason she was glad he hadn't mentioned she'd been out with them as well.
"How was your weekend, Granger?"
"Good, spent most of it with Ginny down by the lake yesterday.
Other than that, it was just a lot of grading and reading."
"Not spending your weekends wedding planning?"
He asked coolly.
He'd been looking for a reason to bring it up after surveying the ring on her finger in conjunction with her lackluster interactions with Weasley during the first month of term.
"No," she said a bit quickly, "No, we haven't really started yet."
She made a mental note to make time for it this weekend.
They really should get started if it was ever going to happen.
"Seems like a thing two people in love would want to do," he said, the implication clear.
"We've just been busy," she said defensively, changing the subject to Dueling Club matters to avoid discussing her relationship with Malfoy.
That was not the conversation she'd been hoping for.
They made their flashcards for the evening, discussing which students seemed to be standouts, and which might need a little extra help.
At the end of the evening they felt prepared for their meeting on Tuesday.
"Malfoy," Hermione said hesitantly as they packed up their things, "I've been wanting to ask you about the comment you made about not being here to make friends."
He looked over at her warily, "It's not something that needs to be delved into."
"I just think sometimes friendships happen even when you're not looking for them," she said, "And I think you should be open to finding more here than just teaching."
"I like teaching.
Everything else is complicated.
Why do you care anyway?"
He said with a cocky tilt of the head, "Looking to call me your friend?"
She felt an uncharacteristic blush creep up her neck, "I was just saying you shouldn't be so negative about your life here.
It'll be what you make it."
"That mindset is something you Gryffindors are privy to and some of us others are not," he said casually, although it was clear he meant what he said.
"Was your mother the one who wanted you to come back?"
She couldn't help herself from asking the questions that had been burning in her.
He considered her, "Yes," he nodded slowly, "She wanted me to put my name in for it.
She wanted to see me trying to move forward."
"From the war?"
"From the war," his tone had a slight bite to it, but she understood why.
"I hope you can," she said a bit quieter, "You deserve a chance to move forward like the rest of us."
"This isn't something I can talk about with you, Granger," he said with a heavy sigh, "I appreciate the sentiment, but you'll never understand," he threw his bag on his shoulder and walked to the door, "Have a good night."
She crossed her arms over her chest as he left, it had been something, but it had also created a whole new set of questions, rather than just answering the ones she'd already had.
O-o-o-o-o-o-o Draco felt himself trying to keep his frustrations in check as he left that evening, more hastily than normal.
It wasn't her fault that she was curious and he was sure she meant what she said.
He'd come to learn that she was quite genuine.
And he wasn't at all surprised that she thought he could just 'move forward' because it was an easy thing to say.
But she hadn't seen what he had.
She hadn't done what he had and she'd never feel the lasting effects of reconciling those things with who he was trying to be now.
He was trying to move forward.
He didn't want to be the "ex-Death Eater" but he couldn't very well just pretend it had never happened.
He wasn't a hero and he didn't deserve the ease of just moving on from everything when all of them… Granger and her friends and their families… when they still dealt with the aftermath of it all.
Who was he to just move forward with his life.
He knew he just needed to be alone in his room tonight with his thoughts and he'd go back to his new, "normal" self tomorrow so that nothing would seem amiss.
O-o-o-o-o-o-o Hermione was running a few minutes late for the first Dueling Club of October, caught up in reading through one of her student's essays.
She pushed the door open and paused for a moment, looking around the room.
There must have been almost double the amount of students than their usual meetings and they were currently all looking back at her.
Her eyes moved to the front of the classroom where Draco was standing, ankles crossed as he leaned on the table with his hands in his pockets.
"Evening Granger, glad you were able to make it tonight," he said smoothly as the students laughed and she gave him a look.
"Lost track of the time!
Looks like we've got a few new students," she said as she closed the door behind her and walked up to join him in the front.
"Yes, we were just going through an introduction of the club for our new members, I was reminding them of the last meeting, you know, where I beat you in a duel."
She turned and eyed the new members, "Don't let his ego fool you, he's only bringing it up because he's still shocked he was able to beat me," there was another rumble of laughter and she leaned on the table next to him, "Alright, get on with it," she told him smartly.
He turned back to the class, "So Professor Granger and I will start this lesson by showing you the Bombarda curse."
Hermione whipped her head over towards him again, "I thought we weren't going to do that one so we weren't, how did you put it, 'blowing stuff up' in the DADA classroom."
He shrugged, "You said you could put some charms around our target and it wouldn't be a big deal."
She sighed and pushed herself off the desk, the students seemed very excited to blow stuff up so she couldn't let them down now.
She flicked her wand and summoned a pillow to her, setting it on the ground and placing charms from floor to ceiling around three sides of it, "All yours, Professor Malfoy.
If you destroy anything, it's on you."
Draco positioned himself about ten feet from the pillow, "Alright, here we go," he said as he straightened his robes, pointing his wand at his target, "Bombarda!"
They pillow exploded in front of them all, feathers flying in every direction, but being caught against the invisible wall Hermione had set up.
There was a roar of applause from the students and Hermione couldn't help but laugh as feathers fell slowly to the floor in front of Draco.
"I'm not sure we've got enough pillows for this," Hermione said as the students started talking amongst themselves excitedly.
"Whatever, I'll buy more for the next meeting," he said with a grin, "Worth it for their reaction."
Hermione gave him a halfhearted eye roll.
"I made a new set of flashcards," Draco said, handing her the stack from the desk.
"You did these all yourself?"
She asked, brows furrowed.
"I didn't sleep much Sunday night.
It's not a big deal.
We'll use the ones we made together for another lesson."
She looked up at him with an understanding crooked smile, "Alright, I'll distribute them as I get things set up."
She turned from him and walked off to set up the seven stations with invisible walls and an arsenal of pillows.
The evening was a loud one as pillows exploded every couple of minutes and whoops of enjoyment and encouragement filled the room.
"I'd like to remind you that Bombarda was still my idea," Hermione said to him as they stood at the front of the class, watching the chaos.
"You're just taking credit for it because everyone's having fun."
"You only did it so they'd all think you're the cool professor."
"But I am the cool professor," his eyes met hers and she was almost transfixed by how light they looked.
The color was an icy blue, almost silver, maybe.
She'd never noticed before, she'd always thought of them as cold and grey, but they were warm now.
As she looked at him, he looked back at her the same way.
He didn't think they'd ever really caught each other's eye like this before, or at least not this close up.
She was searching him, he didn't love that feeling but found it hard to pull his eyes away for the second they locked.
It was an odd sensation.
"Professor Granger?"
Hermione tore her eyes back to the room of students, blinking a few times.
"Yes, Fiona?"
She asked, walking over to her.
Her heart felt like it was beating a little faster than it should be.
Like she'd just been caught in a private moment.
But she hadn't.
They'd just been joking around and their gaze met for a brief moment, it was no big deal.
Certainly nothing private.
"I think I accidentally broke through your invisible wall," Fiona pointed at the feathers flying beyond their territory.
"It seems you have!"
Hermione agreed, "Must have been a powerful spell you sent at it."
Draco watched after her as she reset the wall around the sixth year space.
He felt something magnetic coming from her in that moment.
Like there had been a spark between them as their eyes had met and it hadn't totally dissolved even as she stood across the room from him with her back turned.
He tilted his head a bit, thinking.
He didn't dislike the feeling.
On the contrary, it was a very enticing feeling he wanted to explore.
He finally moved his gaze from her, scanning the room and wandering to check in on the first years as he let his mind do some wandering of its own.
As the evening ended and the students, riled up and recounting their stories, headed for their dormitories, Hermione and Draco looked around at the mess of feathers.
"Regretting your decision yet?"
she raised her eyebrows at him.
"Not in the slightest," he said as he waved his wand at a pile of feathers, vanishing them before he moved to the next pile.
"I like that girl Fiona, in Slytherin," Hermione said, "I can tell she's going to be a powerful witch."
"Yes, she's great at potions too," Draco nodded, "It's been interesting getting to know some of the students and trying to remember what I was like back in their shoes."
"You were a prat," she said, "I remember quite well, actually."
He knew she meant it to be a joke, but it was blindingly true and he paused in his cleaning, turning towards her as she vanished another pile of feathers, "I'm sorry for all that," he said with an unexpected intensity as she looked over her shoulder, doing a double take at his serious tone, "For everything I said to you back in school.
For the names I called you.
None of it was okay."
"It's in the past," she said in a softer voice, leaning against one of the desks near her to look at him for this conversation, "I didn't mean it like that."
"I know you didn't," his lip curled up, "But it's something I should apologize for.
I was cruel to you and there's no excuse for that.
I was just a very skewed child and I hadn't seen my world for what it was yet."
"I appreciate your apology.
We both know some of the things you said and did then weren't alright, but it's clear to see you've taken responsibility and you've changed on your own volition.
We've all grown up from Hogwarts."
He nodded, trying to think of anything else he had to say, "And I'm sorry for my Aunt."
"Don't," she shook her head, and he could tell he'd struck a nerve, "You don't have to apologize for things you had no control over.
I would never want you to take that on yourself.
I accept your apology for being a prat at Hogwarts.
Let's just let that be that."
She'd tried so hard to put that night in Malfoy Manor behind her.
She still had nightmares about it sometimes.
She still woke up grasping her forearm short of breath.
She didn't want to think about it.
Draco turned from her, not wanting her to see the guilt that was written all over his face.
He blamed himself for it all the time.
He had stood there watching and done nothing while his aunt tortured her; while she carved words into her skin.
But it was clear this wasn't the time to talk about it.
She'd accepted his apology and maybe with time that would lighten some portion of the immense weight he felt in his chest when he thought about his past, "Thought maybe you'd apologize for punching me in the face third year, while we're having this little heart to heart," he said, the sarcasm evident in his tone.
"Oh no," her tone matched his, "That memory will live on as one of my brightest moments.
I don't regret it for a second."
He glanced over at her with a grin that she returned before they both returned to vanishing feathers and discussing the students.
When they finished that evening, they walked together to the entrance hall again where they parted ways.
Hermione didn't sleep much that night at all as she thought about a few different things.
The first was his apology and what it must have meant to him to say those words to her and take responsibility for who he used to be.
The second was that night at Malfoy Manor and all of the painful, horrible thoughts that came along with the memories.
And the third was the moment early on in the club meeting when their eyes locked.
It was the last thing she thought about as she finally fell into a restless sleep for a few hours that night and the thoughts it put in her head were none she'd ever have expected she'd think in her life.
There had been something between them in that moment and the memory of it made her heart beat faster subconsciously.
O-o-o-o-o-o-o
