A/N: Welcome to chapter 2!
If you're enjoying this story, please leave your comments and thoughts.
Reviews feed souls;) The previous day's snowfall crunched beneath their feet as they followed the twisting path that led away from the castle and towards the village of Hogsmeade.
In the distance, they could just see columns of smoke rising from the chimneys of the bustling village shops.
About halfway there, as James and Sirius bickered about who owned a better broom, Remus's teeth began to chatter.
He'd always been sensitive to the cold, a fact he was a bit embarrassed about since, as a werewolf, he thought he should be tougher about such things.
He shoved his hands deeper into the pockets of his cloak, hoping his friends wouldn't notice.
He wished he still had his scarf, but he'd accidentally shredded it the last time he'd transformed into a wolf.
He was usually so careful about not being near any of his possessions when he transformed, but it had just been so cold last time he'd been inside the secret rooms in the whomping willow, and he'd thought he'd have enough sense of the oncoming transformation to take the scarf off in time (he hadn't).
Maybe he'd buy a new scarf today in Hogsmeade.
He had a few carefully saved sickles with him, but he'd been hoping to use them to buy Christmas presents for James, Sirius, and Peter.
He knew that money was tight for his parents this winter.
Nobody wanted to hire the parents of a werewolf, he thought a touch bitterly.
His secret had remained safe at Hogwarts, but the small wizarding community he'd grown up in was too small for it to stay hidden when he'd been bitten by a werewolf as a child.
The stigma of the bite had left his family isolated and poor.
His mother's friend group had dwindled, and his father still hadn't gotten the long-awaited promotion he deserved within the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures at the Ministry.
Lost in thought, teeth still chattering, he started when something soft slid around his shoulders, as they turned the corner to enter the village.
Sirius, still arguing with James, had gently draped his crimson wool scarf around Remus's neck.
Remus glanced over at Sirius and smiled.
James pushed the door open to Honeydukes, the warm smell of chocolate and the chattering voices of excited students washing over them.
"D'you think she'd fancy some hearty hearts?"
James asked anxiously, examining a heart shaped box of chocolates, "they beat even after you've swallowed them, so maybe it'll remind her of me?"
"Absolutely not," Sirius snatched the box out of his hands and set it back on the display, "who the hell wants their chocolate beating inside their stomach?
You have to wonder who invented some of these sweets."
"I d'know," Remus grinned, "I've always been pretty partial to cockroach clusters."
"Well then don't be surprised to find some in your stocking on Christmas morning."
Sirius said, smiling wickedly.
James had drifted towards the boxes of acid pops, "you've burned a hole in my heart," he muttered to himself, fingering one thoughtfully.
"And that's also going to be a no," Sirius pulled him away by the hood of his cloak, "I'm going to have to advise you against any displays of love that involve injuring yourself for the sake of Lily's attention.
It's not a smooth look."
"Yeah, I suppose you're right," James rumpled his hair into even greater disarray, matching the miserable expression on his face.
"I just...I just never thought being in love would feel like this.
It's absolutely miserable.
She's practically all I can think about, I'm desperate for her to even glance my way, and when I try to fall asleep at night I just end up listing the thousand times I've behaved like an absolute prat in front of her."
"Unfortunately with you, that's a pretty long list," Sirius patted James's shoulder sympathetically, offering him a piece of maple chocolate he'd broken off the display.
James glared at him while Remus laughed.
Sirius paid for a hefty bag of sweets, and they exited the shop, their breath coming in puffs in the clear, bright day.
"Honestly…" James started and then stopped, looking down as they walked towards Zonkos.
"What?"
Remus prodded.
"Sometimes I wonder if this is it.
If anything will ever happen between me and Lily.
This might be as far as our story together gets.
Me pining hopelessly after her.
Her ignoring me - rightly so - because I am often an absolute idiot, and then that's it.
We graduate.
Go our separate paths.
School memories fading distantly behind us.
For the past two years I've been so caught up thinking about the two of us.
But sometimes...sometimes I think there might never be a 'two of us.'"
They continued walking, other groups of students milling around them, talking and laughing.
Remus reached over and patted James's shoulder, unsure of what to say.
Lily and James had something of a contentious history.
James had fancied her practically since their first year, and had acted on those feelings by showing off and swaggering whenever she was nearby.
It was only in the last few months that he'd become a bit more clear-headed about the whole thing.
They'd all grown up in the past year, really.
Death Eater attacks had grown increasingly frequent over the past year.
James's own grandparents had been killed over the summer on their way to the Ministry to testify in a trial against Theodore Nott, a neighbor of theirs who had been placed under arrest and alleged to be a Death Eater.
The dark wizard who'd killed them still hadn't been caught.
It was this loss more than anything that had changed James in the past few months.
He had loving parents, was good at sports, had always been popular - nearly everything in his life had come easily to him.
Confronting his grandparent's death had been one of the first truly difficult things he'd had to encounter in his life, and it had changed him.
He was quieter, more thoughtful.
He wrote home to his parents more often.
Perhaps most importantly, he'd completely stopped bullying Severus Snape, a fellow sixth-year in Slytherin with whom he'd shared a mutual loathing from the first time they'd set eyes on each other on the Hogwarts express.
In a society marked by fear and violence, perhaps he'd finally realized that he didn't want to add to that hatred.
At least, that was Remus's theory.
"Chin up mate," Sirius said sympathetically, "you're much less of an idiot in front of her this year, she's bound to notice that eventually.
Besides," he added bracingly, "you've got us marauders - whad'you need a girl for anyways?"
"Hmm I don't know," James said musingly, "maybe for things like snogging?
Unless you're offering Padfoot?"
he turned to Sirius with a twinkle in his eyes.
"Don't pretend I wouldn't be amazing," Sirius shot back, "but sorry James, I'm just not sure you're my type."
"Well, then who do you like?"
James pressed, "practically every girl in the school fancies you.
There must be one of them who could meet your ridiculously high standards.
Is it Emmeline Vance?
Mary Caldwelder?"
Sirius shrugged mysteriously, "Let's just say I've got my eye on someone special, and I'm waiting to see if they feel the same way."
Remus blushed, and shrugged Sirius's scarf up higher to hide his face, hoping James wouldn't notice.
Was it possible that Sirius was talking about him?
He and Sirius had always bantered with each other, enjoyed a special closeness when the other two weren't around, but in the past few months, it had begun to feel increasingly like they were flirting.
That was the awkward thing about falling in love with your best friend, it was so hard to know whether it was all just in your head, or if there really was something more going on.
The boundaries between friendship and love could become blurry.
Besides, he tried to clear his thoughts, it was absurd to think that Sirius might fancy him.
Not when Sirius, dark, mysterious, and gorgeous, could have his pick of anyone in the school (boy or girl).
No, he, Remus, was aggressively average, and it was ridiculous to think that Sirius might like an anxious werewolf who'd never be able to make much of himself in life.
Because that was the problem, wasn't it?
No matter how long he studied or how hard he worked, he'd never be able to escape himself - and that self would always be a werewolf.
Again lost in thought, he barely noticed when they reached Zonkos.
He listened with one ear as James and Sirius debated the various merits of stink bombs versus dung pellets, throwing in a half hearted comment every few minutes whenever the conversation seemed to demand his participation.
"I've got to go to the post office," James said finally, glancing at his watch, "I'm waiting for my parents to send me my train ticket home for Christmas.
Do you lot want to come with me?
Or shall we all just meet at The Three Broomsticks when I'm done?"
"Meet us at The Three Broomsticks," Sirius tugged on a striped crimson and gold hat as they prepared to step into the cold again, "I'll order us some mulled cider so it'll be ready by the time you're done."
James headed left towards the post office, and Remus and Sirius turned right, the wind whipping against them as they shouldered their way through the cold.
"So…" Remus began hesitantly, he'd been trying to find a good time to bring this up with Sirius, "you're not going home with James for Christmas?"
Sirius was like a second son to the Potters, and he'd gone home with James every Christmas starting their second year.
As the only Gryffindor in a family of Slytherins, Sirius had a difficult and often confrontational relationship with his own family.
"No," Sirius answered glumly, "I talked it over with James a month or two ago.
After everything that happened with his grandparents this year, his parents need a quiet holiday with just their family.
I completely understand...it's just," he scuffed his shoe moodily against the ground, "they always treat me like I'm their son, and it's times like these that I remember that I'm not.
I never really will be."
he laughed bitterly, "at least my real parents don't have to put up with their disappointment of a son either.
Thank God Hogwarts lets students stay over the holidays."
After a moment he softened slightly, glancing over at Remus, "It'll be brilliant getting to spend the holiday with you though.
I can't believe it's our first Christmas together."
"I know," Remus said dryly, "my parents couldn't have picked a better Christmas to go visit my sick grandmum in the country."
They'd originally planned on having Remus come with them, but Remus had pleaded an excess of homework, and told them he didn't mind spending Christmas at Hogwarts.
Privately, he knew that having to pay for his train ticket as well as their own would have been too difficult.
They were barely scraping along as it was.
Besides, he could think of worse things than spending the holiday with Sirius.
He smiled softly to himself.
"I'm sorry you're not going home with James," he said, as they reached the Three Broomsticks, "but I think we're going to have a good time together."
"Me too."
Sirius's devilish smile was once more on his face.
He pushed open the door and the cheerful din of the noisy pub wafted over them.
They stepped inside, the warmth smarting against their cold cheeks.
Remus settled himself into a quiet booth in the corner, while Sirius headed over to the counter to order their cider.
A moment later, Lily Evans slid into the seat beside Remus, her cheeks still flushed from the cold.
"Hi," she said smiling, "I saw you sitting here all alone and I couldn't resist joining you," "Sirius is just at the counter, and James should be here in a few minutes, but thanks!"
He grinned back, and glanced over at Sirius.
His smile slowly faded, Sirius was still at the counter, but he appeared to be deep in conversation with a very pretty snub-nosed and freckled witch with wavy blonde hair.
Sirius laughed at something he said, and Remus felt his stomach clench, as he saw her reach out and rest her hand on Sirius's arm.
"Well, I'll leave you lot to it then," Lily stood up to leave, "Alice and Mary should be here soon to meet me."
"No!
Stay!"
Remus said, suddenly fierce.
If Sirius was going to talk to a girl than why shouldn't he?
"All right…" Lily said slowly, sitting back down and looking at him curiously.
She glanced over and saw Sirius, "ah," she said sympathetically, and pushed her flagon of butterbeer towards Remus.
He took a grateful sip, the buttery warmth of it spreading throughout his body, making him feel slightly better.
"Thanks," he pushed it back towards her.
"What are you doing for Christmas?"
he asked, determined not to look at Sirius blatantly flirting with that girl.
"Oh, I'm going home."
Lily answered.
"Well that'll be nice, won't it?"
Remus didn't know much about Lily's family except that they were muggles.
"I suppose," Lily rolled her eyes, "my older sister Petunia's been unbearably stuck up ever since she started university though.
Still it'll be nice to be with my family.
I bought them these," She held up a heavy Honeydukes bag, "My Mum and Dad love magical things, they can't get enough of Sugar Mice and Chocolate Frogs.
Think they're absolutely adorable.
Petunia hates magic though, so I got her this."
she pulled out a plain, black notebook, "The calendar page changes to reflect the day's weather, but it was the most normal thing I could find around here."
She shrugged, "What about you?"
"Oh, I'll be staying in school," he tried to sound casual, "I want to get a head start on the work for next term."
"Besides," he added, trying to sound slightly less pathetic, "Sirius will be staying in too."
"That's right," She gave him a scrutinizing look, "He isn't going to Potter's house this year, is he."
"No, his parents wanted a quiet holiday after...everything that happened with his grandparents."
They fell uncomfortably silent for a moment.
Tragedy had become nearly commonplace among Hogwarts students, but that didn't make it less awkward to discuss.
"He's changed, hasn't he?"
Lily said abruptly.
"Who, James?"
"Yes."
"I don't think you can go through something like that and not change."
Remus shrugged, "sometimes it's the bad stuff that reveals who we really are, deep down."
"Yes, I suppose that's true…" Lily seemed lost in thought.
Remus eyed her closely...was it possible...could it be...that she was starting to see James differently?
"He'll be here soon you know," he tried to sound casual, "in case you want to have a drink with all of us."
"Well," Lily sounded unsure, "I don't see what could be the harm in that."
She glanced around, "I have no idea where Mary and Alice have gone off to, so I might as well wait with you."
They chatted for a few more minutes, Remus glancing over every so often at Sirius and the girl who, infuriatingly, he was still talking to.
He'd always liked talking with Lily, she was easygoing, smart, funny.
They sometimes studied together for exams, and they'd been neck and neck for top of the class since their first year.
Her brilliance came naturally to her though, whereas Remus's good marks mostly stemmed from hours of hard work and practice.
It was hard to resent her for it though, as she was always the first to lend him notes or offer to study with him on those occasional days when he missed class after the full moon - too ill from the residual effects of his transformation to attend.
Perhaps best of all, she'd never once asked him about his mysterious absences, never even displayed the slightest flicker of curiosity, although he was sure she must have wondered.
They were in the middle of discussing Slughorn's last potions exam in great detail when Sirius finally sauntered over, his hands full of mugs of hot cider.
"Move over," he said, grinning at Remus.
Remus slid over in the booth, but didn't return the smile.
"Like I was saying Lily," Remus turned back to her pointedly, "I thought it was clever to ask us to list the ingredients for draught of the living dead because in listing them you have to be sure to include the fact that the dandelions have to be picked under the full moon-" "Sirius," she cut him off, "who was the girl you were talking to?"
Remus glared at her, but she just raised an eyebrow.
"Oh, the blonde one?"
Sirius languidly took a sip of his cider, "Her name's Cynthia.
I heard her mention that she's an auror with the ministry.
I was trying to talk her up, because firstly, I wanted her to buy me a firewhisky, and secondly, I wanted to know if the auror department was accepting any new recruits."
"And did you get your firewhisky?"
Lily asked eagerly.
"Obviously not," Sirius sighed, "right when she was about to order it for me, Nigel Barker walked up and told me that McGonagall had asked him to remind me that I have two outstanding detentions with her that I have to do before Christmas.
The stupid prat clearly can't read a room.
And Cynthia was a bit horrified to learn that I was sixteen."
Lily roared with laughter, and Remus, unable to help himself, joined in.
"What's so funny?"
a windswept James appeared, his eyes flickering to Lily, as he sat down next to Sirius.
"That poor girl at the bar thought Sirius was a proper adult," Lily laughed, "until her fantasy was rudely interrupted by hearing that he has detention with McGonagall."
"Ah McGonagall," James grinned, "she'll be getting the best of us long after we've graduated."
"Maybe.
But Cynthia did tell me that the Auror department is looking for new recruits," Sirius turned thoughtful, "Honestly, after Hogwarts that's what I think I want to do."
"They only accept top students," Lily smirked, "maybe try a bit harder on our next exam and Remus and I won't beat you so easily."
"Yes, well now I've got a purpose, haven't I?"
Sirius's eyes were alight with a strange glow, "fighting dark wizards?
Tracking down illegal objects?
It'd be the perfect penance for my family."
He fell silent, his cheeks flushed.
He didn't usually discuss his family with people outside of their small friend group.
Lily looked equally uncomfortable.
"Er, I'm actually in Ancient Runes club with your brother Regulus," she seemed to be trying to change the subject, "He seems like a sweet kid.
Really bright."
Sirius snorted, but fell silent, taking a long swig of cider.
"Did you get your train ticket?"
Remus turned to James, also attempting to switch the tack of their conversation.
"Yep!"
James pulled an envelope out of his pocket, "I'll be taking the six o'clock train tomorrow."
He sighed, "I'm going to miss you lot over the holidays though.
Don't have too much fun without me."
"Just me and Sirius?
I doubt we'll be doing much without you and Peter around."
Was it his imagination or had Lily just winked at him?
"Oh don't be too sure about that Remus," Sirius sat forward in his chair, a mischievous twinkle in his eye, "I actually did have something planned for just the two of us."
"What?"
Remus was genuinely curious, but despite several minutes of pestering, Sirius remained silent on the matter, grinning mysteriously in response to Remus's attempts to pry it out of him.
The next twenty minutes passed quickly, as they chatted and drank cider, the warm fire flickering in the background.
He supposed Lily had never really sat down with their group before beyond the confines of mandated group work in class, and it was nice to have her.
She blended seamlessly in, was clever and funny, and managed to keep even Sirius on his toes.
Lily Evans would have to stick around.
Finally, James glanced down at his watch, and his eyebrows shot up, "Blimey," he pushed away his empty mug, "it's getting late.
We need to leave if we want to get back to the castle before dark."
Slowly getting to their feet, they shrugged on their cloaks to leave, and stepped out once again into the cold.
The sun was starting to set, and a deeper chill had entered the air.
The streets of Hogsmeade were crowded with students returning to the castle.
Sirius frowned after yet another third year bumped into his elbow, rushing to get back before dark, "C'mon," he gestured at an alleway nestled between two shops, "I know a shortcut for getting back to the main road."
James, Lily and Remus trailed behind him as he turned down the dark alley.
They passed by several overflowing rubbish bins and wooden crates, the alleyway lined with scuffed backdoors that led into the shops.
They were halfway to the end of the alley when two people stepped out in front of them, blocking their path.
In the quickening darkness, Remus couldn't make out who they were, only that they were wearing Hogwarts robes.
Lily must have recognized them though, for she abruptly stopped walking.
"Avery.
Mulciber."
her voice sounded tight.
Sirius had also stopped walking as they stood directly in front of him, blocking their way forward.
"Evans," the taller of the two sneered, Remus could see his face now.
He recognized Avery, a cold-faced Slytherin in their year.
Remus had heard rumors last year that Avery had experimented with dark magic on a house elf, but no proof had ever been found, so he'd walked away unpunished.
Mulciber had flickering dark eyes with an equally cold glint.
Remus didn't know much about him except that he ran with the same gang of Slytherins, a group which included Severus Snape.
"Let us by," Sirius's voice was harsh as he stared down the two boys.
A thrill of dread shot through Remus.
He didn't like seeing Sirius in the near-dark, being glared at by two Slytherins with outstretched wands.
Slowly, Remus slipped his own wand out of his pocket.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw that James had done the same.
"'Dunno why we should let you pass Evans," Mulciber drawled at Lily, "I've never been one to do favors for filthy mudbloods," "You take that back!"
James shouted, furious, his wand leveled with Mulciber's face.
"James, calm down," Lily's voice had a forced coolness to it, she gave a sharp look at the two Slytherins, "I can't imagine what the fun is in blocking our path, but it would be wise of you to move seeing as you're outnumbered by us two to one."
"Are we?"
Avery's wand was pointing at them now.
Footsteps sounded behind them.
Remus whirled around, two more Slytherin boys had emerged from behind them, cutting off any retreat.
Remus could just make out the faces of Evan Rosier and Fredrick Wilkes.
They were both smirking maliciously, enjoying Remus's clear discomfort.
Instinctively, the four Gryffindors stepped closer to each other, wands out protectively.
"You're being a bit idiotic really," Sirius stepped in front of Lily, wand oustretched, his voice tight with anger, "I was in dueling club with you in fourth year.
You got taken out by that first year Hufflepuff.
You have to realize this can't possibly be a good idea."
"It's always a good idea to remind mudbloods and blood traitors of their place," Avery's voice had taken on a distinctly menacing tone, "Sirius Black," he said the name slowly, as though savoring it's cadences, "the epitome of a blood traitor.
We've been wanting to have a chat with you.
It pains us to see a pure blood degrading his status, hanging out with slime and muck like this.
Your poor parents.
They asked my father if I could keep an eye on you, make sure you don't disgrace the Black family name too much.
But I think it's a little late for that.
If I were them, I'd have died of shame a long time ago rather than keep living with you as a son."
"Potter's no better," Mulciber snickered, "his disgusting muggle-loving grandparents got what they deserved."
"Shut up!"
Sirius roared, furious.
James looked like he'd been slapped across the face.
"I suppose Evans is right where she belongs then," Avery said, smiling cruelly, "with all the rest of the wizard filth and grime.
The only thing that would make me happier is if her family had been killed today in the attack, but," he shrugged, "we can't have everything."
"Attack?"
Lily's voice was shaking with anger.
"Of course," Mulciber chortled, "you don't even know about it yet.
Well, you'll find out soon enough."
Avery's eyes suddenly fixed on Remus.
A cold glint of recognition flickered across his face.
"Remus Lupin," he said silkily, "I barely noticed you hiding behind your friends.
I have regards for you from a friend of my father's - Fenrir Greyback, I think you know him?
He asked me to tell you that he hopes he'll be seeing you again soon.
His last visit with you was much too rushed."
It felt as though ice water had been dumped into Remus's veins.
He went cold, frozen at the torrent of memories the name Fenrir Greyback had unleashed.
How did Avery know that name?
"What is he talking about?"
He distantly heard Lily mutter to James, sounding confused.
"Oh, didn't you know?"
Avery laughed cruelly, "your friend Lupin is the dirtiest of all of you," Remus closed his eyes, heart pounding.
This was it.
Avery was about to unleash his secret.
And then everyone would know.
There was no turning back from the truth.
"after all," Avery continued, "he is a were-" He was abruptly cut off by Sirius who gave a yell of pure rage and punched him squarely in the jaw.
Avery crumpled to the ground with a moan.
Mulciber raised his wand towards them, rage glinting in his eyes.
"You'll pay for that," he growled at Sirius.
"Expelliarmus!"
Lily shouted, and Mulciber's wand clattered out of his hands.
His eyes full of malice, Mulciber dove for his wand, turned on his heel and disapparated with a sharp CRACK.
"Stupefy!"
a jet of red light shot out of James's wand, hitting one of the Slytherins behind them, who immediately toppled over.
The fourth boy shot a curse at Lily, who ducked.
It exploded against the wall of the alleyway.
With one last look of fury, he took off running.
Avery groaned and stirred on the ground in front of them.
"Come on!"
Lily sounded panicked, "let's get out of here!"
She grabbed James by the arm and started sprinting towards the main road, Sirius behind them.
Remus remained rooted in place.
He couldn't move.
He was still frozen in fear.
Fenrir Greyback, Fenrir Greyback, his mind muttered the name over and over again.
"Remus?"
Sirius turned around at the end of the alley, his eyes lighting with panic when he saw Remus still standing in the same spot.
He ran back to Remus, grabbed his arm and tried to tug him away.
Remus couldn't move.
He was being stupid.
But he felt so far away from his body.
He didn't think his feet would listen to his commands even if he tried.
Fenrir Greyback, Fenrir Greyback, his mind continued to chant.
"Remus?"
Sirius tilted his chin up, his black eyes full of worry, forcing Remus to meet his gaze,"Remus, I know.
I know.
But we need to get out of here."
He pulled Remus roughly into an embrace for a moment, before stepping back.
And Remus's mind unfroze.
He blinked, taking in the situation around them more fully, the prone Slytherins beginning to stir.
The alleyway completely dark now.
He grabbed Sirius's arm and together they ran down the alleyway, James and Lily waiting at the end.
They kept running until they'd reached the main road, nearly empty except for a few late students straggling back to the castle in small groups.
They were panting when they finally slowed to a walk.
"I'm telling McGonagall," was the first thing Lily said, in between gasps.
She sounded furious.
"And what's she going to be able to do?"
James said bitterly, "all the teachers know about the stupid gang of Slytherins, but until they do something really terrible nothing's going to happen to them."
"Besides," Sirius said dully, "I threw the first punch.
I'll land in detention even faster than they will."
"It's not right," Lily fumed, "it's just not right!"
Then, to Remus's surprise, she burst into tears.
He'd never seen Lily less then cool and collected.
James shot Remus a look of horror as he reached out to tentatively pat her shoulder.
"There, there," he said hesitantly, "those Slytherins are idiots.
Everyone knows all that stupid stuff about blood purity is nonsense.
They just like to shout louder than the rest of the world."
"That's the problem though, isn't it?"
Lily sniffed, swiping a hand across her cheek, "they are shouting louder.
They're gaining more traction.
He Who Must Not Be Named gets more and more followers each year."
she paused, "I don't know what the future looks like for muggle borns like me.
And I hate that.
I hate that this world that I worked so hard to be a part of doesn't want me back."
"It's not like that."
James said hotly, "Of course I want you!
Er - of course we want you," he quickly corrected himself, looking embarrassed.
Lily didn't respond.
The castle was in sight now.
Her cheeks were glazed with tears as she gazed up at the lights of Hogwarts, looking at it from the outside as though seeing it clearly for the first time.
She shivered slightly.
James shrugged off his cloak and softly wrapped it around her shoulders.
They continued walking towards Hogwarts in silence.
They finally reached the castle several minutes later, pushing open the heavy oak doors and stepping into the warm entrance hall.
"There you are," Professor McGonagall stood in the entryway, herding students into the Great Hall.
Her mouth was a thin line, and she had a worried look in her eyes, barely taking in their disheveled appearance, "everyone's to go immediately into the Great Hall.
The headmaster has an announcement."
The entire school was already gathered as the four of them joined the Gryffindor table.
The chatter was quieter than usual, and many students looked worried.
Looking deeply somber, Dumbledore stepped up to the podium to address them.
Silence fell immediately.
"As some of you may have heard, there was a Death Eater attack today."
he began, his voice calm and even, "it took place on a crowded street in London near Parliament.
I am deeply saddened to report that forty-three lives were taken."
He paused to survey the room, his eyes sweeping across the assembled students, "It is difficult to understand senseless acts of terror," he continued, "but I urge each one of you to view this as a call to unity.
To remember not what separates us from each other, but what brings us together.
Fear can only prey on those who are afraid.
Divisiveness can only split apart those who do not stand together.
Every drop of blood that is spilled, whether magical or not is a tremendous loss to the world, I hope that every one of you gathered here today can recognize that."
He was silent for a moment before he continued, "It is on this note that I regret to inform you that in the current state of danger, we are locking down Hogwarts for the next week.
No one will be able to exit or enter the school grounds until we are able to sufficiently ensure the safety of each and every one of our students both in and around the castle."
Cries of protest spread throughout the great hall.
Dumbledore raised a hand for silent, "I sincerely apologize, as I know many of you were looking forward to going home for Christmas.
However, your safety is our top priority, and I believe that in that respect, your parents will agree with us.
I will assure you, however, for those who have never spent Christmas at Hogwarts before - it is a holiday that you will be sure to remember.
On that note, I bid you goodnight."
The hall immediately filled with the chatter of hundreds of students - all suddenly trapped in Hogwarts for Christmas.
James pulled his train ticket out of his pocket and stared at it for a second, then crumpled it into a ball in a single angry motion.
His eyes tightened for a moment, before he glanced up at Remus and Sirius and forced a grin, "I suppose this will be our first ever Marauder's Christmas.
I don't know why we didn't think to do it sooner.
"Later that night, Remus lay in bed, his eyes wide open, heart pounding.
His mind couldn't stop replaying the events of that afternoon in a seemingly endless loop.
The worst feeling, he'd decided, was the feeling of seeing his friends in danger, and being so powerless.
He'd frozen up so entirely he hadn't even been good at running away.
He was an embarrassment to Gryffindor.
Avery had known he was a werewolf.
Had mentioned Fenrir Greyback.
Remus's stomach clenched again at the memory.
How had Avery known?
Remus didn't even know anything about the werewolf who'd attacked him as a child, except his name.
He'd never felt so vulnerable before.
Avery could tell anyone in the school if he wanted to.
Remus didn't know what he'd do if everyone in Hogwarts found out.
Die of shame most likely.
Maybe settle for running away forever if he was in a good mood.
The wolf half of him disgusted him.
He was a monster.
Meant to hurt other people.
"Remus," a voice whispered in the darkness.
He sat up, Sirius was also awake, arms wrapped around his knees, a look of total misery on his face.
"I can't sleep."
Sirius whispered, "will you come sit with me?"
a note of pleading crept into his voice.
Remus nodded, padded softly over to Sirius's bed and sat down gingerly on the end.
James's gentle snores signaled that they were the only two still awake.
"It was all my fault," for once, Sirius wouldn't meet his eyes, "everything that happened today."
"What are you talking about?"
"My parents.
Before I left for school they told me they'd asked the sons of some of their friends to keep an eye on me.
I thought it was an empty threat, but…" he trailed off, "And then I was stupid enough to lead us down that alleyway.
I was practically begging for trouble.
Next time it could be so much worse.
You know my cousin Bellatrix is a Death Eater, don't you?"
he sounded bitter, "this isn't always going to stay within the realm of school yard fights.
Next time you or James or Lily could end up really hurt.
Could end up dead."
"You're being an idiot," Remus said calmly, "those Slytherin morons would pick a fight with anything that moves.
Besides, they already hated Lily.
Me and and James too for that matter."
"I'm serious," Sirius hissed angrily, "I'm putting all of you in danger every time we're seen together.
It would...kill me if something happened to any of you."
it sounded as though the words were wrenched from somewhere deep within his chest.
He tucked his head into his knees so Remus could no longer see his face, his back shaking slightly with silent sobs.
Remus was at a total loss.
Sirius was the strong one, the brave one, the one who never gave a damn.
It was frightening to see him so scared.
Gingerly, he reached an arm around Sirius's shaking shoulders, pulling him tight against him.
Sirius's body was warm through the thin material of his pyjamas.
Remus felt his breath catch in his throat.
What was he doing?
But he just wanted Sirius to know Remus was there.
Would always be there.
Without really knowing what he was doing, he gently took Sirius's hand in his.
Sirius's hand was warm, a little rough.
Sirius leaned into Remus's chest, took one more shuddering breath, and then was silent.
"Sirius Black," Remus said softly, "Arrogant and a bit too aware of how handsome you are maybe, but I never thought you were stupid.
Death eaters don't need a reason to kill.
They destroy because they can't stand to see a society built on goodness and equality.
It doesn't matter if one of them's your cousin.
They'd just as soon kill me for looking at them the wrong way as for being your friend.
And don't you see it?
James, Peter, and I, we'd all rather die being your friend than live without you.
You're the one that brought all of us together.
And...I don't want to imagine my life without you in it."
It was dark and Sirius needed to know he wasn't alone.
At least that's how Remus was choosing to explain to himself how he'd suddenly grown so bold.
With one last feat of daring, he leaned his head down and rested it on Sirius's shoulder.
He was suddenly acutely aware that he could feel Sirius's heart beating against his chest.
That they were holding hands.
That they were curled up together in Sirius's bed.
He closed his eyes, suddenly sleepy.
He hoped this wasn't just a dream.
Remus awoke when the first ray of sun hit his eyes, feeling totally disoriented.
He sat up with a jolt.
Was he in Sirius's bed?
Sirius's arm was slung across his waist, pinning him to the bed.
Sirius was breathing softly, still asleep.
His face was turned away from Remus, who could only see the back of his tousled, thick hair.
The memories of last night came rushing back to Remus, and he blushed.
What did this mean for them?
And what about James - had he seen them?
Heart pounding, he looked over at James's bed.
It was empty.
James must already be at breakfast.
Remus's stomach gave a terrible jolt.
Surely he'd seen Remus asleep in Sirius's bed.
What had he thought?
As far as he could tell (and since James frequently tried to set Remus up on dates with James's distant cousin Agnes in Ravenclaw), James had never picked up on...well..whatever was going on with him and Sirius.
Carefully, he lifted Sirius's arm up, and rolled out from under him, wincing slightly as his bare feet hit the cold stone floor.
Sirius groaned and rolled over in his sleep.
The ray of sun that had woken Remus bathed half of Sirus's face in light.
It illuminated the subtle golden threads in his dark hair.
The faint smattering of freckles across the bridge of his nose.
He was so bloody gorgeous it was infuriating.
He was being ridiculous.
Sirius had been frightened last night, and Remus had comforted him.
It probably wasn't as significant to Sirius as it had felt to Remus.
Of course, Sirius had never properly dated anyone either (despite the fact nearly any girl in the school would have given up their wand to go out with him), but he just always seemed so knowledgeable.
Hinted vaguely about past stories of whirlwind romances that occurred over the summer holidays.
He'd certainly kissed at least one (if not several) girls.
Physical contact probably wasn't as meaningful for him as it was for Remus.
Nobody wanted to touch a werewolf though, and Remus couldn't blame them.
Remus shrugged off his pyjamas, hurriedly pulling on a shirt and trousers, stowing his wand in his pocket.
He'd just pushed open the door to leave when he heard a rustling of quilts behind him.
"Wher'you rushing off to Moony?"
Sirus's groggy voice came from behind him.
"Just breakfast," he refused to turn around, didn't want Sirius to see how his face had flushed beet red.
He dashed down the staircase, ignoring Sirius calling his name behind him.
The Great Hall seemed even noisier than usual.
Most of the students had been on the verge of escaping school for the next week, and now they were all stuck.
There was a nearly tangible feeling of restlessness in the air.
James was sitting at the far end of the Gryffindor table next to Lily.
Remus watched as she laughed at something James said, and an irrepressible grin spread over James's face as though he couldn't quite believe his good luck.
Remus's stomach twinged again.
He didn't want to face James either.
Perhaps he'd just sneak a piece of toast out and eat it in the library.
He did that sometimes when he was feeling overwhelmed.
Nothing felt quite as calming as peaceful rows of bookshelves, the soothing smell of old bindings.
He palmed a piece of toast out of the basket and slunk out of the hall, trying to look inconspicuous.
In the library he settled down into his favorite nook, a window seat in the very back behind the Mythical and Fantastic Beasts section.
Remus had always been fond of learning about other magical creatures.
He supposed it was some subverted way of trying to make sense of himself.
His favorite book was a well-thumbed copy of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
He'd read it so often that the cover was hanging on by a thread, and several pages had fallen out of the binding.
He'd been meaning to replace it, but never managed to save up quite enough money.
He loved reading about griffins and imps and kneazles and jobberknols and kelpies and sea dragons.
It reminded him that he was never quite done learning about the world.
That there was a beauty and strength to magical creatures that he sometimes forgot about.
The only section he didn't like, but somehow could never seem to stop himself from reading, was the one on werewolves.
They had received a Ministry of Magic classifications of XXXXX - known wizard killer.
Remus had read the section so many times that he'd memorized the words, and he shuddered slightly, as they echoed in his mind, "Once a month, at the full moon, the otherwise sane and normal wizard or Muggle afflicted, transforms into a murderous beast.
Almost uniquely among fantastic creatures, the werewolf actively seeks humans in preference to any other kind of prey."
Murderous beast.
Human prey.
Sighing, his mind flitted back to more pressing problems.
He leaned back against the cold window, the glass frosted with whorls of ice, and took a bite of his toast.
How the hell was he going to make it through Christmas if he couldn't look Sirius or James in the eye?
Maybe he'd just stay in the library for the next week.
That wouldn't be so bad.
Two hours later he was still curled up in the window.
He'd begun reading a book that he'd pulled at random from the shelf entitled A Comprehensive History of Eyvil Beasts and Daemons.
It was very old and the author seemed to hold some outmoded beliefs.
In the chapter on vampires he'd written: Vampires can most certainly turn into bats.
In the new colony of Australia, they can transform into a strange eyvil creature called a 'wombat,' which is a related species.
Remus chuckled softly to himself.
"Are you hiding from me?"
He sat up abruptly, the book sliding out of his hands.
Sirius was leaning against a bookcase, his hands slung casually in his pockets.
His hair was ruffled and damp, still wet from the shower.
He was still wearing his checkered pyjama bottoms.
It wasn't fair that he looked this good with absolutely no effort.
"N-no," Remus stammered, his traitorous cheeks flushing as usual.
"I just had to do some...reading."
He gestured lamely at the book.
Sirius raised an eyebrow skeptically.
With a sigh, he walked over and sank onto the seat next to Remus.
"Look...if this is about what happened...last night, I talked to James and everything's fine.
I told him that we were just talking and accidently fell asleep.
He's so distracted by the fact that Lily sat next to him at breakfast that I barely think he noticed."
He gazed at Remus searchingly, "So, we're fine.
Right?"
Remus could still feel his face burning scarlet.
Was that what Sirius had thought happened?
Were they just two friends talking?
Of course, they'd been holding hands too, which Remus didn't usually do with his friends.
But what did Remus know.
This was Sirius after all, and he could barely talk to anyone without blinding them with charm.
"Yeah.
Of course we're fine."
He picked up the book again.
"Good," Sirius tugged the book out of his hands and tossed it aside, "then come on a walk with me.
You know I can't stand to be cooped up all day."
Did he want to spend more time with Sirius?
Everything was so confusing when he was nearby.
He was too warm, too loud, too alive.
But Remus couldn't stand the sight of him walking away either.
Remus sighed and stood up.
"Fine, let's go."
He tucked the book into his bag, he'd finish it later.
Snow crunched under their feet as they wended their way through the trees on the outskirts of the Forbidden Forest.
It was even colder than yesterday if that was possible, and their breath came in short puffs of frost.
When he'd been a child, breathing frost had been one of Remus's favorite parts of winter: he'd always pretended he was a dragon.
His chase his mother and she'd shriek, pretending to be scared.
Now being a werewolf was enough of a monster for him, and seeing his breath freeze reminded him of childhood in a sad way.
Just another one of those stupid memories seeped with nostalgia and reeking of simplistic innocence in a way that seemed laughable now.
Why did everything have to get so complicated?
Couldn't they just go back to being eleven?
Or five.
Being five again might be nice.
The last year before he'd been bitten.
"So," Sirius began, sounding hesitant.
Remus gave him a scrutinizing look.
Was it possible that the ever-confident Sirius Black was nervous?
"I just...um...right."
Sirius trailed off.
Remus hadn't heard Sirius stammer so badly since the time his parents had been called to Hogwarts because of a particularly bad instance of misbehavior in their fourth year.
Remus might envy Sirius's looks and confidence, but he definitely didn't envy his parents.
Sirius had been quiet and withdrawn for days after they'd come.
Remus had never asked him what transpired between them.
Sirius ran a hand through his hair, looking embarrassed.
"Right."
He took a breath.
"I just wanted to say thank you...for calming me down last night.
For being a good friend.
You know I hate talking about my family.
But whenever they rear their ugly head like that, it rattles me.
So...thanks."
"You're welcome."
Remus sighed, "we all have our demons Sirius, it's nothing to be ashamed of."
"I know.
Sometimes I just feel like...you're the only person I can talk to about these things.
James is just too bloody well-adjusted to understand us."
Sirius laughed darkly.
"Us?"
Remus blushed.
But he wanted to finally cut through the strands of ambiguity.
He wanted to know what Sirius was thinking, even if it wasn't what he wanted to hear.
For a moment, Sirius was silent, and Remus wondered if he'd even heard him.
But then Remus snuck a glance at Sirius's face.
Sirius was gazing at him so intensely that Remus flushed an even deeper shade of red.
Sirius stopped walking and stepped in front of Remus so that they were standing face to face.
He leaned in, they were so close now that the tips of their noses nearly touched.
Remus could see his own reflection in Sirius's black eyes.
His breath warmed Remus's cheek.
"Remus…" his voice was low and intense, "of course there's an 'us.'
There's always been an 'us."
Remus couldn't breathe.
Everything was too hot and too cold all at once.
It was as though he was suddenly in outer space, everything else had been sucked away, even the air, and it was just the two of them.
"You mean so much to me, Remus," Sirius was gazing at him like he was the sun, like the universe revolved around him, "I like you so much.
So much.
You can't be blind to that.
I want to...give us a chance."
Remus couldn't look away, couldn't move, he was trapped by Sirus's eyes, frozen by his words.
Sirius reached out and gently cradled Remus's cheek with his hand.
And Remus flinched away.
Sirius withdrew his hand, looking stung.
"Sirius…" his voice cracked, "I'm sorry...but I just can't...not right now."
Sirius flushed, "do you...not feel the same way?"
"It's not that…" Remus was stammering, his mind awash with confusion, he barely even knew what he was trying to say, only that something was standing between him and the beautiful boy in front of him, "it's just...I just...I don't even know what I want right now.
I'm sorry.
I just...need more time to think everything over."
Hurt flashed across Sirius's face before it was quickly covered over with a mask of calm.
"Fine.
I'm sorry I said anything to you in that case."
he said cooly, "I suppose if you change your mind, you know where to find me."
Without waiting for Remus, he turned on his heel and marched off through the snow back towards the castle.
"Wait!"
Remus called, but Sirius had vanished between the trees.
A breeze ruffled Remus's cloak and he pulled it tighter around himself, shivering.
It was cold again.
For a moment, he'd forgotten it was cold.
