The Birds and the Bees.
A "Harmony at Home" Short Hermione Potter and her daughters discuss the little things as they prepare for a visit from the Longbottoms Hermione Potter liked her life very much indeed.
She had her wonderful husband, her adorable daughters and her new baby boy, which completed her little family set.
She also had an extremely cute black-and-white patched kneazle kitten, called Mimi, which Harry had bought her as a birthday present, to keep her company when he was at work and their girls were in school.
Mrs Potter was very happy with how things were.
She had her family, her kitten, her home office, where she could do lots of important work, and a very big library, that Harry had built for her and filled with lots and lots of books.
She was happiest in her library, reading to her girls, while Harry rubbed her feet or shoulders or played idly with her hair and brought her lots of cups of tea.
She missed her pregnancy bump, as it had been a handy book-rest for those cosy nights in, but as she and Harry hadn't decided yet if three babies was the right number for them, she would just have to wait and see if she'd ever get it back again.
The Potters were best family friends with the Longbottoms, and Mrs Longbottom was Hermione's best witch friend.
Her name was Enola and she had a daughter, too, who was also nine-years-old, the same as Hermione's eldest.
And Sophie Potter and Alison Longbottom thought it was just the best and funniest thing that they were best friends, too, just like their mummies.
And, in their opinion, there were no bester friends anywhere.
So, on this particularly sunny Saturday, both Hermione and Sophie Potter were in very high spirits, as the Longbottoms were coming to stay for a 'long weekend'.
This confused little Celesca Potter, who couldn't understand how this particular weekend could be longer than any other.
But then, she decided, her Mummy and Mrs Longbottom were both very powerful witches and could probably add extra days in or something if they wanted to.
At nine o'clock in the morning, Harry Potter kissed his wife and girls goodbye, adjusted the blankets around his infant son, dreaming away in his cot, and went to collect the Longbottoms from the train station.
They had decided it would be great fun to travel to the Potters like Muggles, so they had boarded a train at Paddington station in London for the two hour ride to Cardiff, where Harry would meet them and bring them home to see everyone.
The house was very busy in preparation for the arrival of the Longbottoms.
Mrs Longbottom was heavily pregnant and Celesca was helping Hermione get her bedroom just right, while Sophie started building a blanket fort for her and Alison in her own room, which she was very excited to be sharing with her best friend for the next few days.
"Here you go, Mummy," said Celesca, proffering her full arms.
"I've brought Mrs Longbottom my pillow with the hippogriffs on it - to put under her back like you used to do - and my Monster Book of Monsters for her to read, if she isn't sleepy when she goes to bed."
"Thank you, sweetheart," said Hermione, smiling.
"But how do you know she likes monsters?"
Celesca frowned.
She liked monsters, she thought they were the best thing, and she couldn't possibly see how Mrs Longbottom wouldn't like them, too.
And she told her mother all about that for a few minutes, until she agreed, too.
Because, after all, everyone liked monsters, really.
"Mummy, is Mrs Longbottom still all big and fat?"
asked Celesca.
"She's all big and pregnant," Hermione corrected, taking her daughter's hand as they made their way back towards the kitchen.
"She has a baby inside her, you know."
"Yes, Mummy, I know that," said Celesca, sagely, rolling her bright blue eyes.
"But your baby came out…and Mrs Longbottom's was in her tummy before yours was."
"Perhaps baby James just got bored of being in my tummy and thought it was high time he came out to see the world," Hermione offered.
"Or maybe he just wanted to come out and meet his big sisters."
"Yes, that's probably it," Celesca nodded.
"I'd want to come out and meet me, if it was me."
"He wouldn't have come out to meet you, he'd come out to meet me, as I'm the best big sister in the world," said Sophie haughtily, as she joined the others at the kitchen table.
"You are not the best big sister in the world," Celesca frowned crossly.
"You're my big sister, too, you know, and I think Mummy could have gotten me a much better one than you."
And she poked her tongue out to emphasise her point.
"Now, now girls, don't row," said Hermione lightly.
"I've only just gotten your little brother to sleep, and he'll be ever so grumpy if you wake him."
"Sorry, Mummy," the girls chorused.
Hermione smiled at her daughters.
"How about we make some Welsh Cakes for when the Longbottoms get here?"
"Ooh, yes please!"
cried Celesca, excitedly.
"Can I roll the mixture and do the cutting?
I like that bit the best."
"And I'll mix up all the eggs and flour and butter in my little bowl," said Sophie, who was already stretching on tip toe to reach it from the Big Cupboard.
Hermione went to her pantry and collected flour and butter, and some caster sugar, some eggs and a bit of milk and put them on the table.
"Shall we use sultanas or chocolate chips, girls?"
"Sultanas," said Celesca decisively.
"Chocolate chips, as I like them better like that," Sophie countered.
"Both it is," said Hermione cheerily, to offset another argument, as her daughters began to play Rock, Paper, Scissors, to see who would win, which was always an unfair game, as Celesca was a Seer, so she could read minds, which meant she always won.
Hermione put a little pile of sultanas and a little pile of chocolate chips in front of Sophie, then one in front of Celesca, then turned to put the bakestone on to heat up.
Mimi, who had come to investigate what was going on in the kitchen, hopped up onto the table.
She sniffed at the four little piles.
But she didn't like sultanas or chocolate chips.
She was curious about the bowl of beaten eggs that Sophie had left unattended, though, and she dipped her nose it in, only for Hermione to turn and catch her and take her away to her little red bowl, where there were some kitten treats that she much preferred to any of it.
Celesca thought it would be a brilliantly good idea to put pepper in her Welsh Cakes.
They never usually did, but it seemed a bit unfair to leave the pepper shaker in the cupboard when they were using the salt one.
She thought it might feel left out and get lonely.
So she poured some flour onto the table, ready to roll the mixture Sophie was making, and she poured out a little mound of pepper next to it, just to be ready.
"Achooo!"
Celesca sneezed as the pepper went up her nose.
It was such a good one, a bit of her magic spilled out and knocked the bag of flour over, and it covered Sophie, who was sat opposite her, from her head to her shoulders in a white dusting.
She frowned angrily, looking like a very cross ghost.
Celesca, who was usually very afraid of ghosts, just laughed at laughed at this one, but she stopped laughing when Sophie threw handfuls of flour and caster sugar over her.
So she began flicking sultanas at her sister, who returned fire with chocolate chips, and they waged a brutal little war for a few minutes, until Hermione turned around and cleaned everyone up with a little flick of her wand and told them off for being so silly.
Sophie and Celesca decided to call a truce, for the sake of the Welsh Cakes, and they were soon rolling out a big sheet of the cake mixture onto the kitchen table.
Hermione gave each of her girls a stencil cutter, and they soon had two big piles of little dough circles, which they then pushed the sultanas and chocolate chips into.
Hermione placed the first batch onto the hot bakestone and soon the kitchen was filled with the delicious smell of the baking cakes.
Mimi came for one last look, just in case, but she didn't like Welsh Cakes any more than she liked sultanas or chocolate chips, so she just slinked away into the garden, where she began to wash herself on the sunny verandah.
As they sat and waited and enjoyed the smell of the baking cakes, wondering how many they could eat before the Longbottoms arrived, baby James stirred in his cot, and Hermione took him out to give him his feed.
"Mummy," said Celesca, furrowing her brow curiously.
"Do you remember when baby James was in your tummy?"
"I remember."
"Did you feel full, like you'd eaten a big pie or a whole plate of meatballs or something?"
"No, but he did kick me a lot," Hermione replied.
"That's not very nice," said Sophie, frowning.
"I hope you told him off.
Daddy told me off for kicking him last week."
"Yes, well," said Hermione.
"When you play football, you're supposed to kick the ball, not the other players."
"But Daddy was cheating," Sophie complained, bitterly.
"He kept doing magic on the ball, so it would move when I tried to kick it.
And I kept missing it and falling over.
So I got cross and kicked him instead."
Celesca giggled at that.
"But, Mummy…is the baby in Mrs Longbottom as big as baby James?"
"The baby would be about that big, yes," said Hermione.
"I'm sure he or she will come out very soon.
Why, sweetie?"
"Well, he just seems too big…to fit," said Celesca, looking at her own belly for comparison.
"How did baby James get inside you in the first place?"
"The stork brought him," Hermione explained.
"The stork?"
asked Sophie, who had perked up with the change of topic.
"A bird brought you a baby?"
"So…Daddy didn't have anything to do with it at all," Celesca contemplated.
"Yes, well, Daddy gave the stork a special seed, which he gave to me to put in my belly, where it grew into a baby."
"Why didn't Daddy just give the seed straight to you?"
asked Sophie.
"You live in the same house and sleep in the same bed.
It would have been easier than using a stork."
"Well, the stork needed a job, and you know how Daddy likes to help people who need things," said Hermione.
"He is always helping people," Celesca considered.
"But a stork isn't a person…it's a bird."
"Your father doesn't believe in racial discrimination."
"Alison told me that her Mummy got her baby in her because her Daddy loves her very much and he put it there," said Sophie.
"How does that work, then, if they haven't got a stork to help them?"
Hermione sighed deeply, and put baby James back down into his cot.
"It's like this, girls," said Hermione, patiently.
"Sometimes, when a man and a lady love each other very, very much -" "Like you and Daddy," said Celesca, who had seen it with her special Seer magic and was in no doubt about the fact.
"Like me and your Daddy," Hermione confirmed with a big smile.
"Well, when they love each other that much they decide, one day, they might like a baby to share it with.
So they can love them, too."
"You and Daddy must love each other very, very, very much then," said Sophie.
"As you've made three babies now."
"We have, and we love you all, and each other, more than anything in the world," Hermione confirmed.
"So how does the baby get there?"
Celesca pressed.
"And what's it made of?"
"Well, when a man gets old enough to make babies, he can give a lady a special seed he can make inside his body," said Hermione.
"Like the one Daddy gave to the stork to give to you?"
asked Celesca.
"Exactly the same," said Hermione.
"It looks like a little tadpole.
And when he puts it into a lady's tummy, it finds an egg - that ladies make inside - and the tadpole goes into it and it grows into a baby."
Celesca looked horrified at the story, as though she'd read it in The Monster Book of Monsters.
"A tadpole…and an egg…" she breathed quietly.
"And it becomes a baby?
But…what happens to the shell?"
"What shell?"
"On the egg?"
Celesca clarified.
Hermione chuckled.
"This type of egg doesn't have a shell, sweetheart."
"Oh.
Okay."
"So let me get this right," Sophie queried.
"A tadpole goes into an egg - which doesn't have a shell, which is not like any egg I've ever heard of - and it turns into a baby.
That must be why it takes months and months, then, because tadpoles and eggs are nothing like people."
"You're quite right," said Hermione, nodding.
"They're not."
"That's just weird," said Sophie, deliciously disgusted and fascinated all at once.
"But…how does the man get the tadpole into the lady's tummy to meet her egg in the first place?"
"Does she eat the tadpole, like in a fish finger sandwich?"
asked Celesca, innocently.
"No, she doesn't eat it, sweetheart," said Hermione, patiently.
"Is it by magic?"
asked Sophie.
"It's a sort of magic," said Hermione, thoughtfully.
"How did Daddy put his tadpole in your tummy, Mummy?"
asked Celesca.
Hermione flicked her eyes at the clock.
She hoped Harry wouldn't take his time bringing the Longbottoms home.
"Yes, Mummy," Sophie tag-teamed.
"How did Daddy do that?"
Hermione sighed.
She flipped the Welsh Cakes on the bakestone, and turned back to her girls.
"When me and your Daddy decided we loved each other so much we wanted to have a baby, he was able to make his boy parts change shape, because he was so happy to be making a baby with me, and then he was able to fit them inside my girl parts."
Sophie and Celesca gasped, and clung to each other in collective horror.
"And then," Hermione continued, grinning at the shocked expressions facing her.
"We were both so happy to be like that, that his tadpoles popped out of him from his parts and found my egg, then they went into my belly together, where they grew into Sophie!"
"I was an egg and tadpole?"
Sophie asked in astonishment.
"You both were," said Hermione kindly, as Celesca looked at her in wide-eyed shock.
"All little girls and boys start out like that."
"And do all people make babies in that way?"
asked Sophie.
"Mostly," said Hermione, gently.
"But some people can't make babies like that, because of problems in their bodies, so they have to do it in other ways.
And other animals do it differently again.
Birds and bees, for example.
And you want to see how giants make babies…their tadpoles are as big as Mimi!"
"I don't remember being a tadpole," said Celesca thoughtfully, relaxing now that she knew that everyone started off the same.
"But I bet I was the fastest swimmer."
"You must have been," Hermione agreed.
"Because you beat a lot of other little tadpoles, that your Daddy put into my tummy at the same time, to get to my egg first."
"And it definitely didn't have a shell?"
Celesca queried.
Of all aspects of this story, the idea of a shell-less egg was the most disturbing bit of it all.
She didn't know if she'd ever accept the existence of such a thing.
"Are you sure?
It might have just cracked and fallen off and come out in your wee wee or something."
Sophie burst into giggles next to her sister.
"No, it definitely didn't have a shell, Celesca," said Hermione.
"Okay.
Just checking," Celesca replied.
"So," said Sophie.
"After the egg and tadpole turn into a little baby…how does it get out?"
"Would you believe that a little door grows on the mummy's belly, and the baby knocks and asks to come out?"
Hermione asked in hope.
"No," Sophie and Celesca chimed.
Hermione laughed.
"Okay, girls, this is the part you wont like.
But, believe me, it isn't as bad as it sounds."
Sophie and Celesca prepared themselves as best they could.
"Well, when it's time for the baby to come out, the mummy's girl parts grow bigger and bigger and wider and wider, until eventually the baby can just about fit out.
So the mummy pushes and pushes…and then the baby pops out."
"Like having a really big poop?"
asked Celesca.
"Celesca Potter!
Not while we're baking, please!"
Hermione chided gently, as Sophie rocked with giggles next to her sister.
"Sorry, Mummy," Celesca grinned.
"That is what it sounds like, Mummy," said Sophie cautiously.
"I suppose it is sort of like that," Hermione replied, scrunching her nose at her girls.
"Does it hurt?"
asked Sophie.
"Baby James is a little baby…but still too big to fit out of there."
"It hurts a bit," said Hermione, honestly.
"But then you get the baby and you're so full of love for them you forget all about it."
"Who hurt the most, me or Cesc?"
asked Sophie, quirking a wicked grin at her sister, who made a face at her in reply.
Hermione just narrowed her eyes at them.
"You must like making babies with Daddy, though," said Celesca.
"As you've had three now."
"Well, where else am I going to get such good Welsh Cake-making helpers?"
Hermione smiled.
"I think the first ones are ready now, by the way."
"Ooh, goody," cried Celesca happily.
"Can we have one?"
"How about one each?"
Hermione grinned back, scooping the cakes onto a little plate.
"Make sure mine don't have any horrible sultanas in," said Sophie, reaching across towards the plate.
"I can't tell which ones are which."
"Here you go, Soph, this one has chocolate in.
Look, it's all melted on the side," said Celesca, handing the little cake over with a kind-eyed smile.
"Mmmm, delicious," said Sophie, cramming half the cake into her mouth in one go.
"See, Mummy," said Celesca proudly.
"I was the best tadpole, and the best egg…and the best little sister ever."
And, as the three Potter ladies sat and ate their lovely little Welsh Cakes, as they waited for the Longbottoms to arrive, none of them were going to disagree with tha.
ide and Seek - A Harmony One-Shot.
Part of the Harmony at Home series Harry and Hermione play hide and seek with their children Harry and Hermione tip-toed into their bedroom, stopping at the foot of their king-sized bed.
They were trying extra hard to be quiet, which was certainly easier for Harry, as it was Hermione's turn to carry the baby.
The sleeping infant huffed in his sleep, so much like his mother, and Hermione adjusted the little silk neck scarf she was wearing, so her son's death grip in it was less likely to choke her.
Harry grinned at the picture before him.
For on his bed, poking out from the end of the slate-grey quilt, which had obviously been pulled up too far, were two pairs of little feet.
One pair had only managed to pull on one sock.
Harry grinned fondly at the scene.
Little Celesca was only six, and she'd not quite mastered the art of dressing herself properly yet.
And her older sister, wiggling her perfectly besocked toes next to her, in their not-so-secret hiding place, was firm in her belief that such lessons had to be learned alone, as good training for later life.
Harry grinned at Hermione and they exchanged nods, ready to be begin.
Mimi, their black-and-white kneazle kitten, circled their feet once, like a furry chequered flag marking the start of the game.
"Well, Mummy, I really don't know," Harry began dramatically.
"But I really think that this time we might just have to accept it."
"But I don't want to," Hermione replied, with equal drama.
"I don't want to believe we've lost our little girls!
What will we tell the Longbottoms?"
Muffled giggles crept from beneath the thick quilt, quickly followed by a cross little shush from Sophie, was was older, wiser and a much better hider.
Even if she did say so herself.
"But we've looked everywhere, Mummy," Harry went on.
"Our girls aren't in their beds -" "Or in the shed -" Hermione added.
"Or behind the curtains -" "Or under the sofa -" "Or even in the oven," said Harry, thoughtfully.
"Which is a pity, because I was quite looking forward to having Little Girl Toe Pie for my dinner.
I had the gravy ready and everything."
And ten little toes crept cautiously up towards the safety of the quilt hem.
"Well, Daddy, I suppose you must be right," said Hermione, sighing in defeat.
"We've lost our little girls."
"Which is a shame," Harry added, ruefully.
"I was just starting to like them, too.
And they were ever so pretty."
"Don't worry, we can make you some more," said Hermione.
"But I don't think I can wait that long for them to grow," said Harry.
"Maybe there's a shop on Diagon Alley that sells them."
"Yes, maybe," said Hermione, encouragingly.
"Maybe we can buy better children.
Ones who are really good at playing Hide-And-Seek.
That's my favourite game.
I don't think I can stand to have little children who are rubbish at hiding, you know.
Not when I'm the best hider ever."
"And I was the youngest seeker in a hundred years at Hogwarts," Harry added.
"And the best ever, too."
There was a cross little huff from under the quilt.
"Did you hear that, Mummy?"
"Yes, Daddy I did.
What do you think it was?"
"Shall I guess?"
asked Harry.
There was a little giggle from the bed.
"Yes, guess," said a little six-year-old voice, quickly followed by a nine-year-old clicking her tongue in frustration next to it.
"Okay.
Was it a meatball?"
asked Harry.
Another little giggle.
"No."
"Was it a dump truck?"
"Nope."
"Was it a hippogriff, laying eggs in my bed?"
asked Harry, in deathly seriousness.
"Hippogriffs don't lay eggs," said Sophie bossily.
"They give birth to foals and then keep them incubated for six months, in a nest made from their own feathers."
Harry queried a look at Hermione, who nodded back with an impressed grin.
If Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was being quoted, who was Harry Potter to argue with it?
"Well, I don't know what is hiding in our bed, Mummy, but it's certainly a very clever thing," said Harry.
"You know, Daddy, things that can think for themselves, and are that clever, can be pretty dangerous," said Hermione.
"I think you should get your wand, just in case it jumps out and tries to eat us."
"You're right, Mummy," said Harry seriously.
"Do you think we can handle this ourselves, or should I call in some of the Aurors to take care of it?"
"I was thinking of going all the way to Hit Wizards."
"Hit Wizards...for a meatball?"
The quilt flew up, and a cross little blonde head popped out from under it.
"Daddy...I am not a meatball!"
Celesca complained, her expression furiously, adorably, cross.
"No, but you are found!"
said Harry, jumping onto the bed.
"And that means being tickled for a whole minute as punishment!
And your sister will be next!"
Celesca screamed into a fit of giggles as Harry began his punishment.
Little Sophie leapt up and ran to Hermione.
"Protect me, Mummy.
Daddy's going to tickle me to death!"
Sophie begged, looking with eyes wide in horror at her sister, who she was sure was being murdered by tickles on the bed.
"You're on my side, aren't you, Mummy?"
"I'm afraid not, sweetie," said Hermione sadly.
"You picked your sister over me, so..." And with that Hermione, who had been hiding her wand in her infant son's blankets, cast a silent tickling charm, which sent Sophie sprawling and curling and rolling around on the floor, giggling so much that tears streamed from her eyes and she accidentally wet herself.
Which turned the whole mood of the house to one of uproar, as Sophie began to cry in a very different way.
"Hey, come on, it's not so bad," said Harry, scooping up his eldest girl in one arm and wandlessly cleaning her soiled clothes with the other.
"There.
All better."
"Thank you, Daddy," said Sophie, snuggling into his shoulder and sending a dagger-laden look at Hermione under Harry's arm.
"Mummy is so mean."
"Mummy just doesn't like to lose, sweetheart," said Harry, grinning over at Hermione, who frowned back and made a face at him.
"It's okay, Mummy, I still love you," said Celesca, crossing to Hermione and wrapping around her leg in a deep hug.
"Well, that's good," said Hermione.
"Because I was thinking, as it's still raining too much to play outside, we might have a baking day.
You know how nice it is to sit in the kitchen and watch the rain, while smelling the smell of baking cookies.
I was thinking oatmeal and chocolate chip ones today.
And I need a helper in my kitchen."
"And I'm the best helper!"
Celesca cried, holding up her hand by way of volunteering.
"You are not," Sophie protested vehemently.
"I'm the best helper.
And even more so because oatmeal and chocolate chip cookies are my favourite, so I'll help even better than normal!
Tell her I'm the best helper, Mummy."
"I have room in my kitchen for both my favourite helpers," said Hermione, placatingly.
Both her daughters seemed suitably pacified, though Sophie continued to scowl and pout and Celesca poked her tongue out at her in response.
"And just what am I supposed to do, while all three of my favourite girls are doing all this fabulous baking?"
asked Harry, mockly affronted.
"You can take your favourite boy...and change his nappy," said Hermione, offering Harry his infant son.
"It's quite a smelly one, too."
Harry huffed and accepted the sleeping baby, and the pungent aroma that came with him.
He huffed again...he definitely should have offered to bake...Harmony at Home: Grandma's Visit Hermione Potter fluffed the pillows on the bed one last time, then checked the clock.
The big hand was nearly facing twelve now, which meant Grandma Granger would be arriving soon.
Celesca Potter was excited, too.
Grandma always brought her presents and Celesca wondered what she would get this time.
She was almost as excited by that as she was her advent calendar window, which her mummy hadn't let her open yet.
"There, Mummy," said Celesca conclusively.
"The room is all ready for Nanny Cat.
We have tinsel in the windows and pretty flowers on the table by the bed.
All I have to do is get my little oven and it will be perfect."
"And why would you bring your oven in here?"
asked Hermione, lightly.
"I'm quite sure Grandma wont want to cook after such a long trip."
"Oh no, Mummy, I'll be doing the baking," said Celesca, proudly.
"I will make ginger biscuits, then mince pies, then chocolate cake for afters.
Nanny can watch to make sure it doesn't burn, then we will eat it all in bed while I read her a story."
"And what story will you read her?"
"Daddy And the Basilisk," said Celesca.
"It's my favourite from The Adventures of Harry Potter."
Hermione smiled at her daughter.
"I'm sure Nanny Granger will enjoy that.
It's her favourite story, too."
"I know," Celesca replied.
"I read it to her last time and she clapped when I finished.
I played all the parts, and I even pretended you were in it, Mummy."
"But I wasn't," said Hermione, gently.
"I was Petrified, remember?"
"I remember.
But I got Mimi to be the Basilisk, and I looked at her in the mirror, then fell down...like this."
And Celesca did.
She fell down into a heap on the floor.
Hermione crossed to her and helped her up.
"Now don't go doing that," she said.
"You'll get creases in your pretty dress.
You don't want to look messy for your Grandma, do you?"
"No, Mummy," said Celesca, jumping up from the floor.
"Now, come along," said Hermione.
"You can help me tidy up downstairs.
You know how messy your Daddy is."
Hermione took Celesca's hand and led her downstairs.
The living room was a picture of festiveness.
Sparkly decorations hung from every inch of the ceiling, the windows had been sprayed with pretend snow and twinkling lights, and there was a large Christmas Tree in one corner that Sophie Potter was busy adding baubles to.
But she was very cross.
"Mummy, will you please kick Mimi!
She keeps hitting my baubles off!"
Hermione looked down at her black and white Kneazle, who was happily pawing at a low-level icicle tree-decoration.
Little Celesca giggled as she watched.
"I will not kick her!"
said Hermione, sternly.
"And it isn't a nice thing to ask, is it Miss Potter?"
"But she's ruining everything!"
Sophie moaned.
"I want Nanny Cat to say how pretty my tree is, but Mimi just wants to play with it!"
The Kneazle stopped and sent a dirty look at Sophie, paw poised...then knocked the icicle clear across the room.
Sophie cried out in frustration, Celesca hooted with laughter, and Hermione bent down to scoop up her mischievous pet.
"She just wants to join in and help with Christmas," said Hermione, scratching Mimi's chin as she purred.
"Is that too much to ask?"
"Yes," Sophie replied grumpily.
"Put a spell on her to go away."
The Kneazle meowed in protest.
"Give her to me, Mummy," said Celesca, holding out her stubby little arms.
"She can help me open my advent calendar instead."
Hermione raised her eyebrows at her daughter, then at her cat, who suddenly clung on harder with her sharp claws.
Mimi knew what was coming.
"Okay, if you're sure," said Hermione, handing the cat to her youngest girl.
Celesca gripped on tight, holding Mimi too strongly for her to escape.
"Here we go," said Celesca, lifting her advent calendar from the wall.
"What did you get today, Soph?"
Sophie flicked her dark-haired head from her tree decorating.
"I had fifteen liquorice wands, as it's the Fifteenth of December."
"Ooh, I love liquorice wands!"
said Celesca, dreamily.
"Can I have one?"
"No.
I ate them all."
"Sophie Potter!"
Hermione admonished.
"You greedy little Niffler.
Fifteen wands?
Honestly!"
Celesca giggled at that, but Sophie simply frowned.
"I am not a Niffler, Mummy.
Niffler's only like shiny things."
"Liquorice wands can be shiny," Celesca pointed out, thoughtfully.
"Because of all the sugar on them, can't they, Mummy?"
"They certainly can," Hermione agreed.
"Unless greedy little witches eat them all and don't share."
"I'll give you a wand if I get one, Mummy," said Celesca.
"Because I'm your bestest daughter."
"No you are not!"
Sophie protested.
"I'm the one making the tree all nice and pretty for Nanny Catrin.
So that makes me the best!"
"Mummy...will you tell her I'm the best?"
Celesca cried.
Hermione sighed in defeat.
"If you carry on...neither of you will be the best and I'll just have to get your Daddy to make a new little girl with me!"
"No, Mummy!
Don't do that!"
Celesca yelped.
"No, don't," Sophie agreed.
"Cesc and I will take turns in being the best.
How about that?"
"Deal," Celesca concurred.
"And why shouldn't I have another baby?"
asked Hermione, curiously.
"Because baby James cries all the time," Sophie whined.
"And he smells of poop," Celesca added, causing Sophie to erupt in giggles of agreement.
"All babies smell like that from time to time," Hermione returned evenly.
"Both of you two did."
"I never did!"
Sophie complained.
"You said I always smelled of roses."
"You did," Hermione replied.
"Once I'd washed the smell of poop off you!"
Celesca rocked with giggles on the couch.
Mimi tried to make a dash for safety, but Celesca held her firm.
"And Ally Longbottom says her little brother smells of talc most of the time.
Not poop," Sophie continued.
"Little Alison will learn the truth as soon as Enola starts asking her for help with the baby," Hermione explained.
"Don't forget, Soph, you didn't know Cesc was a poop-machine until you insisted on changing her nappy."
"Urgh...oh yeah!"
cried Sophie, remembering suddenly.
The memory of horror was evilly delicious.
"Cesc stunk, didn't she, Mummy?"
Sophie grinned teasingly at her sister.
"I did not stink!"
Celesca retorted.
"Not as bad as you, I bet.
Mummy, who smelled worse...me or Soph?"
"Baby poo is baby poo, girls," said Hermione, sagely.
"It doesn't matter which baby's bum it comes from."
Celesca giggled again, but Sophie looked disgusted.
"That's it, then...I'm never having a baby.
Ever.
They are just too smelly."
"And noisy," Celesca nodded, just as baby James began to wail from his cot nearby.
Hermione got up and went to change her baby, who was typically ripe.
"Go on then, Cesc, open today's door," Sophie urged, pointing at the advent calendar and sitting down to watch.
"Okay.
Mimi will help me, wont you, Baby Mim?"
The Kneazle looked dubious, but sniffed at the little picture the with big '15' on just to be compliant.
Celesca used her free hand to flick open the little cardboard door.
And chaos erupted in the living room.
First, there was a loud bang like a cannon going off, then a huge cloud of smoke covered little Celesca's blonde head entirely.
Mimi made a break for it, hissing angrily as she scurried away to the safety of the kitchen.
Then, fifteen Chocolate Frog boxes flew out from the advent calendar, surrounding Celesca like a ring of little moons.
"Ah, Chocolate Frogs!"
Sophie chimed.
"They're my favourite.
Throw me one, Cesc."
"No.
You didn't give me a liquorice wand," Celesca replied, stubbornly.
"But you were still in bed when I opened my calendar," Sophie explained.
"And I had to stop Daddy eating all of them.
You know how fat he's getting."
Celesca giggled.
"Yes, he is getting fat.
But I'm still not sharing."
"Please?
Just one."
"No."
"If you give me a Frog, I'll let you put Merlin on top of the tree," Sophie offered.
"Okay."
Celesca gave a big grin and threw her sister a Frog.
"What card did you get?"
"Nicolas Flamel...again.
Who did you get?"
"Ooh, I got Daddy!"
Celesca sang.
"Mummy!
Look!
I got Daddy's Frog Card!"
"That's nice, sweetie."
"Did you ever have Daddy, Mummy?"
asked Celesca.
"Yes," Hermione replied thoughtfully.
"I had your Daddy years ago...and lots of times since."
"You must really like Chocolate Frogs then, Mummy," said Celesca.
"To have had Daddy so many times."
"I've had Daddy a few times, too," Sophie added, nodding serenely.
Hermione scrunched her nose and huffed silently.
"That's creepy, honey."
"Why's that?"
asked Sophie, confused.
"Everyone's had Daddy by now!"
Hermione simply shook her head and continued to rock baby James, who was cooing on her shoulder.
Just then there was a knock on the door.
Both Sophie and Celesca jumped up, just as Harry entered carrying a big, heavy bag.
"Daddy!
Nanny!"
the girls chorused, then clobbered both with hugs in turn.
"Oh, Min, stick the kettle on," said Harry, moving over to kiss his wife on the cheek.
"I'm sure your Mum could murder a cup of tea just now.
I know I could."
Harry winked at Hermione, who just glared at him good-naturedly.
"Yes, Hermione, you give me that gorgeous little boy in your arms and Harry can take my bags upstairs," said Catrin Granger, ruffling Celesca's hair where she was gripped, limpet-like, to her thigh.
"And then we can all have tea."
"Nanny, I'll make you tea," said Celesca.
"I've got it all ready for you in your room.
Come on, Daddy.
I'll make you tea, too."
"Ah, a day off!"
Hermione grinned.
"I knew I had children for a reason."
"I don't want tea," said Sophie, haughtily.
"But when you are done, Nanny, you can come and see the prettiest Christmas Tree ever!
It'll be much nicer than any tea."
Celesca poked her tongue at her sister and led Grandma Granger and Harry upstairs to Grandma's room.
"Oh, this is perfect!"
said Grandma, happily.
"With the tinsel and the flowers...it's just right."
"I picked the flowers," said Celesca, proudly.
"And Mummy got a big vase and put some water in it and then I put the flowers in."
"And very pretty they are, too," said Grandma.
"Now, where's this tea?"
Harry flicked his wand at the toy stove and there was suddenly a tray with a tea pot and two china cups.
Celesca very carefully lifted the tea pot and filled the two cups.
She tried not to be too tickled by her Daddy's silent spell when it settled lightly on her.
It made sure she didn't burn herself by accident.
Then Celesca handed a cup to Grandma and one to Daddy, and took a box of orange juice for herself, because tea was horrible and only grown-ups liked it.
Then Daddy swished his wand again and magicked a little bottle of milk, so that Grandma could feed baby James.
Once they'd drunk their tea, and ate all the ginger biscuits from Celesca's oven, they were far too full for anything else, so Celesca climbed up into Grandma's lap to read the story.
In it, her Daddy was very brave, saving a very naughty girl from a giant serpent, and when her Mummy woke up - after her Daddy kissed her back to life - they all clapped and cheered, for even Daddy preferred Celesca's pretend version of the story.
Even baby James burped happily.
"And we all lived happily ever after," Celesca said, finishing the story and smiling widely.
"Daddy - were you very scared of the big snake?"
"Well," Harry began, thoughtfully.
"It was a very big snake.
All slimy and wriggly.
But I knew your Mum would tell me off if I didn't save her, so I thought I ought to, no matter how scary it was."
"Yes, Mummy would have been cross if the snake had eaten her, I think," Celesca nodded, wisely.
"I'm glad you saved her."
"So am I," Harry grinned.
"Just so she could have three wriggly children with me!"
"I am not wriggly!"
Celesca complained.
"But this one is," said Grandma, rocking James gently.
"And there's a little girl downstairs who will be very stompy if we don't do down and see the tree she's been working so hard on."
Harry chuckled.
"Yes, come on.
Let's go and see the tree."
"Ooh, ooh!"
Celesca remembered, excitedly.
"Sophie said I can put Merlin on top of the tree this year.
Daddy, will you help me reach the top?"
"Hmmm, I don't know, you are very wriggly," said Harry, teasingly.
"Tell you what, how about I make you float up there?"
"Oooh!
Yes, please, Daddy!
Will you?
Please?"
"Alright, but you'll have to ask you Mum the wand movement...I think it's swish and flick...but I sometimes get it wrong...and I wouldn't want to drop you on your pretty head, now would I?"
