Chapter 2 Lightning crackled silently in the distance, a world away from the wide-open field of wheat, heads swaying gently in the wind, playing joyously in amongst the eddies.
A breeze carried fallen leaves away from the orchard, branches reaching out over the fence which separated the wooded cove from the field.
A light tension hung in the air, a slow build of pressure from the impending storm.
The group of three laughingly made their way across, light-hearted as they jumped the fence and entered the orchard, the stalks of wheat seamlessly converging behind them to cover their tracks.
The blood raced in her ears as all around her, black shapes fell to flashes of red and green.
There was no time to stop and think as her wand flashed, taking down her opponents one by one.
Time was running out.
Their sharp laughter rang out through the trees as the boy was dared by his two companions to climb to the top of the apple tree.
With a flick of his hair, he nimbly clambered up the trunk, coming to a stop to realise exactly why the two girls had deemed this feat difficult to accomplish, as he was face-to-face with the absolute lack of suitable branches.
He turned and gave them a withering stare as they once more broke out in audible happiness.
Too many were gone already, it was only a matter of time before she was too weak to continue and they would be forced to retreat.
Desperately searching, wand never ceasing in its deadly refrain, her eyes landed on the all-important battle; Light and Dark.
Good and Evil.
Dark Lord and Chosen One.
Life and Death.
The apple flying overhead was deftly plucked out of the air, its journey interrupted by the girl in the fluttering yellow dress.
Taking a bite out of the bright red fruit, she looked upon her companions with smiling eyes which sparked in the sunshine, gaining a wholly Other quality.
Screams filled the air, but she didn't hear them.
She couldn't.
Her eyes were locked on the lifeless body of her best friend.
The world slowed as she sunk to her knees, lost in anguish.
Shapes moved past her, unnoticed.
She barely even caught sight of the blue light hurtling towards her.
She met the gaze of the girl in the burnt amber-lined cloak and smiled, sharing a joke as the boy waved his arms around, narrating a story and weaving pictures through the dust motes.
The sun was at the horizon.
The light surrounded her, a physical being encasing her in blue.
And everything…snapped.
Two became one.
Darkness fel.
hapter 3 Murky shapes moved in the blackness, gone too quickly and still too fleeting to resolve into solid form.
Silence reigned, deafening in its intensity and absolute in its nature.
The space contorted, pulling and stretching, as if the universe was realigning itself.
Floating in the misty space, she closed her eyes to block out the pain.
Not any type of physical pain, but the emotional turmoil of having everything ripped from you in a glance.
She let out a scream, reverberating around her skull and being swallowed by the darkness surrounding her.
She couldn't tell how long she had been floating for.
As if looking for something, the shapes started flashing past her faster, some appearing more defined in quality.
Sometimes pausing to allow her a brief view of something, the world continued to spin, until… Everything stopped.
Jolted forward with whiplash, she found herself in front of a screen of sorts, a large rectangle of bright white light.
Taking a second to adjust her eyes, she blinked at what she found.
She was looking into the hospital wing at Hogwarts.
People bustled around, attending to a prone form on one of the beds.
They appeared unaware of their silent observer, talking in muffled tones.
"You probably don't want to be able to hear them."
She spun around quickly, raising her wand on instinct.
She was facing a woman, tall and pointed with a slanted face and an aura of power washing off her in waves.
The woman smiled at her kindly.
"I will not hurt you, my child."
Shaking her head a little in disbelief, she held her wand up higher, pointed at the woman's chest.
"Who are you?
She questioned, not really expecting an answer.
She was surprised when the woman responded, "My name is Vivan, Lady of the Forest and Carrier of Time."
Tilting her head to the side, she considered this, "Is that meant to mean something to me?"
Vivan chuckled, "No, I suppose not."
Now perplexed, she decided to go down a different line of questioning, gesturing to the darkness there were standing in, "Where are we?"
"Outside of time."
Vivan answered simply, raising a hand to sweep around the space, "This is the only way I am able to speak with you.
I am nearly at an end."
Closing her eyes, Vivan let out a sigh, "This was never meant to come about this way, but the universe, as I'm sure you'll discover for yourself, was never one to stick to rules."
Vivan opened her eyes and she was suddenly met with flashing yellow eyes, "The universe has chosen you to complete this task.
Not because it thinks you can succeed, but because you will succeed.
Do not doubt that you are here with purpose.
It was always meant to be you.
Just never so soon."
The woman walked toward the screen and reached out with one hand, drawing patterns in the blackness before it.
Turning around, Vivan gestured for the girl to join her beside the light.
With one hand on her shoulder as they both watched the scene, Vivan spoke.
"Find the ones who brought you here, they will help you."
And with that, Vivan stepped back.
Entranced by the light, she did not notice as it grew to surround her, swallowing the blackness.
And suddenly she was falling, falling toward the figure on the bed.
That was when she realised.
It was her.
She collided with the body on the bed.
Two became one.
Hermione Granger woke up with a gasp, propelling herself forward.
hapter 4 Breathing heavily, Hermione looked around the room with wide eyes as she forced her heart rate to calm.
Looking down, she saw that someone had dressed her in a hospital gown, and she had bandages covering her arms.
Moving experimentally, she winced as pain shot up her side, the stiffness under the gown telling her she had a bandage across her ribs as well.
Pushing aside the blanket, she slowly swung her legs over the side of the bed, clutching her head in one hand as she suddenly got light headed.
Waiting for it to pass, she grimaced.
When she felt a bit clearer, she slipped off the bed, her bare feet stinging a bit against the cold ground.
Taking a step forward, holding onto the bed to stabilise herself, she determinedly made her way to the closed curtain surrounding her.
Pushing it aside, she walked out into the main hospital wing.
Time slowed down.
Harry.
In shock, she stared at his face, which was looking at her in confusion, the look of familiarity Harry's face always had when he looked at her absent.
"Oh!
Dearie, you shouldn't be up!"
Torn away from her perusal of the boy, she was jolted to reality by the entrance of Madame Pomfrey from her office, bustling over to Hermione to usher her back to bed.
Too tired and weak to protest, she allowed the Medi-witch to lead her back to the bed and tuck the blankets around her.
She started to unwrap the bandages on Hermione's left arm, checking the wounds and slathering a paste over them.
As she was rebandaging her arm, Hermione turned to her.
"Um…Madame Pomfrey?
What happened?
How did Harry survive?
I saw him…die.
I don't understand.
This doesn't…it doesn't…I don't…" She said all this in a rush, panic starting to take hold as she began hyperventilating.
Pulling away sharply from the Matron as she tried to feed her a Calming Draught, Hermione stumbled out of the bed, intent on finding Harry.
Pushing past a shocked Madame Pomfrey, she ran (as well as she could) out into the main wing again, eyes wide and searching.
"Harry?!
Harry, this isn't funny!"
She was getting frantic now, as she scanned the empty hospital wing.
Eyes slipping over a curtain at by the door, she did a double take, running forward and ripping the fabric open.
Ignoring the shocked boys by the bed, she threw her arms around 'Harry', starting to cry as she grasped him tightly.
"I thought you were dead.
Oh, Harry, it was horrible.
I saw you get hit and you fell and I couldn't get there in time and…" Becoming aware that the hug was very one-sided, she pulled away slightly, staring into the startled hazel eyes of the boy who was definitely not her best friend.
Horrified, she whispered, "You're not Harry."
The boy shook his head, alarmed.
"Why are you not Harry?"
There was silence, no-one knowing how to respond to the child-like question.
Hermione detached herself from not-Harry.
"I believe I can help answer that."
Slowly, Hermione turned to face who had spoken.
The woman was standing in the doorway, smiling gently at the girl.
She was wearing a fluttery yellow sundress with slashes of red across the front of it.
Her long, blonde hair floated behind her, partly plaited around her head like a halo, flowers inter-weaved into the strands.
She looked to be only a few years older than Hermione.
"Who are you?"
Hermione whispered.
The woman smiled, eyes kind, "My name is Amaya."
Reaching out, she took hold of Hermione's hand, guiding her away from the shocked boys.
Turning to the boys, she winked before closing the curtains behind her.
"Well, Hermione," She spoke, once they were settled back at Hermione's bed, "Welcome to 1977.
"Chapter 5 "No."
The word was out of her mouth before she could even process it.
"No way.
That is not possible."
Amaya smiled kindly, "Anything is possible if you believe it."
"Well, I don't believe it."
Huffed Hermione, crossing her arms.
With a tinkling laugh, Amaya threw her head back, eyes glittering in amusement.
"Very well.
How about if I show you something that you know to be impossible?
Will you believe me then?"
Hermione nodded, warily.
Amaya's eyes twinkled as she grinned mischievously at the girl, and without so much as a warning, they were sitting in a field.
Hermione blinked as she looked around in surprise, taking in the heads of wheat clacking together gently in the breeze.
She saw trees in the distance, their leaves rustling as the wind weaved its way through the air.
Turning with wide eyes to Amaya, she questioned, "How did you do that?
How did we get here?"
She looked around once more, "Where is here?"
Amused, Amaya smiled at her, before turning to look over at the orchard.
"This is where you arrived, minutes away from death.
You were sent right to us; the only ones who would have been able to save you."
She turned back to the silent girl, "As for how I transported us here, the best answer I can give you, without explaining more than you are ready to hear, is Magic.
Humans, and, indeed, Wixen such as yourself, only understand what they wish to.
None know Magic as I do."
Hermione blinked, taking in the woman's appearance for the first time, her gaze freezing on the red slashes across her dress.
"You said you…I was…sent to you?
You…healed me?"
Amaya lowered her head in agreeance.
Hermione licked her lips, shifting in anticipation of what she was about to ask.
"Is that…I mean to ask, are those…blood stains on your dress?"
Blinking, Amaya looked down at herself.
Letting out a little light-hearted laugh, she looked back up.
"Well look at that!
Why, I hadn't even noticed!
I'm so sorry about that, honey, I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable."
Shifting her feet awkwardly, Hermione swallowed, "That's…okay.
I just…" Eyes softening in understanding, Amaya placed a hand on Hermione's shoulder.
Hermione jumped a little at the spark of something that shot through her at the contact but Amaya seemed oblivious as she spoke, "I understand this is all a bit…uncomfortable for you, love.
Just know that we will be here to help you all the way."
With that, she handed Hermione a notebook.
It had a black cover with pearl blue designs over it, the colour seeming to flow as specks of teal and turquoise sparkled out of it.
Hermione took it, running her hands over it.
As she examined it, Amaya spoke, "Use this book to contact us.
If you have any questions, just write them down and we will answer.
Don't let anyone else know about it, or have contact with it."
Amaya removed her hand from Hermione's shoulder, making eye contact with the girl, "I apologise that I can't say much more now, but know this; you are not alone.
There will always be those willing fight alongside you."
She smiled kindly, eyes warm in the sunlight, and Hermione found she couldn't look away.
"You are a good person, Hermione Granger."
Hermione nodded, tears glistening in her eyes for reasons she couldn't comprehend.
She glanced back down at the notebook and when she looked back up Amaya was gone.
She was back at Hogwarts.
It appeared the impossible was possible, after al.
hapter 6 Hermione remained silent as Madame Pomfrey bustled around her, fiddling with all sorts of potions and salves to find a way to treat Hermione's cursed wounds.
Deep in thought, the girl hardly noticed when the Matron finished up, closing the curtains behind her as she left to help her other patients.
There was so much to consider.
First of all, who was Amaya?
She was obviously powerful; no-one had noticed they had disappeared out of the hospital wing.
And then there was the feat itself.
Was it possible to disapparate silently?
She had also mentioned others.
Who were they?
And more importantly, why had she been 'sent' to them?
Amaya had said that they had been the only ones who could have saved her, but why?
Maybe they were the people that Vivan had mentioned?
That was the big question; Who was Vivan?
Hermione had never heard of anyone with the title Lady of the Forest, or the Carrier of Time.
What did it all mean?
It seemed as though a trip to the library was in order.
Resolved to research as soon as she got out of the hospital wing, Hermione lay back against the pillows, unaware of the conversation taking place in hushed whispers behind the closed and warded door of the office of one Madame Pomfrey.
"I don't understand how she arrived here, Albus.
There is no way she could have breached the wards."
Minerva McGonagall was stressed.
It wasn't everyday something managed to rattle the Transfiguration professor, but this just took the biscuit, crushed it and blew the crumbs to smithereens.
"Regardless, Minerva, it has happened.
We will do better, I think, in this case by asking why it occurred, as opposed to how."
Albus Dumbledore smiled that infuriating little smile of his, his eyes twinkling as he observed the harassed-looking Head of Gryffindor house.
It was amusing to him to see the usually put-together woman less-than calm.
While the girl's arrival was unusual – one might even go as far as to call it strange – he had long since learnt that there is much he didn't understand about magic.
"Perhaps we shall gain more insight into this matter by asking the young lady herself, whether she has any recollection of how she came to be within the walls of our hallowed school."
McGonagall scoffed, "Really, Albus.
It is okay to admit that you do not understand this anymore than I do."
Dumbledore chuckled, "Nevertheless, my dear Minerva, one must maintain one's reputation, you know."
"Honestly, how you have survived this long without someone murdering you is a wonder, Albus."
Madame Pomfrey clucked.
McGonagall hummed in agreeance, "You are quite right, Poppy.
It is a real wonder."
Dumbledore said nothing, hands behind his back as his eyes sparkled in mirth.
There was a moment of silence before Dumbledore addressed Madame Pomfrey, "How is the patient faring, Poppy?"
Immediately snapping into mode, Madame Pomfrey gave her diagnosis.
"She is well.
Her vitals are all stable, though I fear she may be in shock, the poor dear.
The worst of her injuries seemed to have been healed already, though a few minor cuts and bruises remain.
She should be able to leave in a day or two."
Nodding along thoughtfully, Dumbledore turned to McGonagall.
"Perhaps now would be a good time to question her over how it is she came to Hogwarts?"
Snapping her fingers, McGonagall pointed at the Headmaster.
"I knew it!
I knew you were just as intrigued as me!"
Dumbledore just chuckled as he gestured for Madame Pomfrey to lead the way, "After you, Poppy."
And with that, the three adults made their way into the Infirmary, all hoping to gain some insight into their mysterious guest.
But none of them really prepared for the realit.
hapter 7 "Miss?"
Hermione was alerted to someone's presence by her bed by the soft-spoken, almost hesitant, word.
Fighting the instinct to pull her wand on the intruder, she tightened her grip on the piece of wood, reassuring herself it was there.
Rolling onto her back and sitting up, she turned to face the person who had spoken.
She blinked.
It was the Harry look-alike, who she now guessed was James Potter.
A very much alive James Potter, at that.
"Oh…hi."
She winced as her head twinged.
Now that she was more aware of what was going on, the pain was starting to come back.
She guessed her body must have shut down her nerve receptors while she still perceived danger, and now she knew she was safe (at least, safer than before) it was starting to relax a bit.
James looked concerned as he saw her wince, "I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to disturb you."
Waving his concerns away, she said, "It's alright.
I'm sorry about earlier."
The boy's eyes widened, "No, that's fine.
Can I ask…I mean…" He looked uncomfortable as he looked down at his hands in his lap, shifting on the spot.
Hermione, understanding what he was asking, nodded.
"You're wondering who Harry is."
James nodded, peering up at her.
"He was my best friend.
I think…" She struggled to say it, clearing her throat as the tears threatened to fall, "I think he…died."
It was so simple.
How could everything be over, just like that?
How could someone as amazing as Harry just be…gone?
His laugh, his smile, his eyes…and all that remained was that one word.
Dead.
James gulped, not knowing what to say.
"I…I'm sorry."
Hermione nodded, not noticing or caring about the tears slipping down her face.
"You…you look like him."
James' head snapped up, his eyes meeting hers, sympathy shining through.
It was all too much.
She put her head in her hands, shaking with the sobs that spread through her.
She was alone.
Harry was gone.
Ron was gone.
Ginny, Luna, Neville… How was she supposed to go on?
And then suddenly she wasn't alone.
She became aware of James' arms circling her, letting her cry into his shoulder as he stroked her back.
"I'm not going to say everything is okay, because it's not."
His voice was soft, reassuring, as he spoke into her hair, "I'm not going to tell you to move on, because you shouldn't have to.
But if you need someone, I will try my best to be there for you."
Hermione pulled back, looking at James in shock as she whispered, "But you don't even know me."
The boy smiled, pushing a strand of her hair behind her ear, "Maybe not, but I can see that you need someone, and I'm not one to turn away someone in need."
Hermione smiled shyly, burying her face back in his shoulder, "Thank you, James."
James stiffened slightly, wondering how she knew his name, but shook it off and held onto the girl in his arms.
He meant what he said, he wasn't about to deny the girl his help.
He was unsure just what he could do to help her, but he was sure going to tr.
/N: Hey guys!
To my Guest reviewer: I'm not actually 100% on the final pairing/s as of yet.
My personal ship in WolfStar, and I love a bit of Jily in the morning.
The pairings I write, however, will generally depend on the way the story pans out.
For this guy, I'll most likely I'll keep James/Lily because Jily really is the fricking bomb (And, I mean, c'mon.
Gotta let the poor bloke get the girl, right?
It's only been, what?
six years?).
I'm also tossing up Hermione with one of the guys, but I might just leave her be and indulge in a wee bit of WolfStar.
What do you reckon?
I'll leave it for a few chapters and maybe you can tell me where you see it going.
[Thank you for taking the time to R&R.
And yes, I have to agree, James is bloody sweet - at least in my mind :) ] - PPP xx Right.
That offer goes for the rest of you lot too.
If you spot something that might lead to a good ol' fashioned relationship, please feel free to let me know (These characters can be sneaky and I'll often miss things) One last thing before I let you delve back into the world of HP; Thanks to all the people who have faved/followed so far, and to blacksbear for your review all the way back at chap 4.
You guys rule and I'm so glad you enjoy this little foray into the land of imagination.
On with the show!
xx Chapter 8 The teachers walked around the curtains and stopped at the sight they saw.
The unknown girl was sitting up in bed, laughing at something James Potter had said, while the boy grinned brightly from the chair by her bedside.
Everyone at Hogwarts knew what that grin meant.
The adults looked at each other in exasperation and just a little bit of amusement.
It appeared that James Potter was up to no good.
Again.
The two teenagers simultaneously turned to face the arrivals, James smiling happily at them, while the girl turned white, amusement dying as she took in the sight before her.
"P-Professor?"
Despite knowing of reality, she hadn't really believed herself to be in the past.
Until she saw the living proof in the form of Professor Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts and dead as of two years ago.
Sure, seeing James was proof enough, but she had never known him in her time.
And Dumbledore…that was a different story.
Seemingly unconcerned, Dumbledore moved to stand at the foot of her bed, smiling at her serenely, "Good evening, my dear.
I apologise that I do not know your name."
Hermione shook herself mentally, "Oh!
Right.
I'm Hermione Granger."
"Ah, Miss Granger.
I am Albus Dumbledore, and my esteemed colleagues here are Minerva McGonagall and Poppy Pomfrey.
Although I have reason to believe you are already acquainted with Poppy, as she has been the one treating you."
"I-It's nice to meet you, sir."
Hermione was hesitant to inform them that she already knew them as she knew the rules of time travel better than anyone.
Although, she supposed she had already broken the first one; Do not let yourself be seen.
And she had already been told several times that she belonged in this time.
Dumbledore's voice broke her out of her trance, "I was wondering, Miss Granger, if you had any light to shine on the means as to your arrival here?"
Before she could answer, McGonagall spoke up, her eyes trained on James, "Mr Potter, perhaps it would be best for you to re-join your friends?"
When James made to stand up, Hermione shook her head fiercely, grabbing onto his arm.
He stopped, looking at her in concern.
Dumbledore chuckled, causing Hermione to blush at her actions and look down, still not relinquishing her grip on the boy, "I believe that may be the answer to your question, Minerva."
McGonagall pursed her lips, "Indeed.
Well then, Mr Potter, you may stay."
James grinned, bowing his head as he retook his seat, Hermione let go of his arm as he responded, "I knew you loved me, Minnie."
"Yes, well, that remains to be seen."
Dumbledore clapped his hands together, "Excellent.
Shall we begin, then?"
Hermione nodded, filled with unease.
She sighed, might as well get over with i.
hapter 9 Taking a deep breath, Hermione started to tell her story.
The world had gotten bad.
Tensions had been building for two years before the war broke out properly.
Disappearances, mysterious deaths, terror and fear rife in the air.
The leaders…well they were mostly incompetent, denying what was obvious to everyone else.
And then, their mentor, the man they looked toward to bring about the end, was murdered.
Murdered by a man they all trusted, a man they believed to be on their side.
The fear and terror only increased from there.
Attacks got bolder, no longer bothering to hide.
No-one was safe.
They had to run.
The three of them were the most wanted people in the wizarding world, the man hunt surpassing even that of the mass-murderer escapee a few years back.
Muggleborns were being rounded up and sent to either Azkaban or simply pilled into camps and quietly 'taken care of'.
There was a battle.
They had been preparing for it the whole year.
It was going to be the end.
After this there would be no more pain, no more suffering, no more death.
After almost a year on the run, they had finally reached the finale.
They could be free of everything, finally.
Harry was supposed to be the one able to kill him.
They had finally gotten the snake, and all that was left was Riddle himself.
And then, Ron died.
She didn't know what happened to the others.
She had fought her way through Death Eaters, trying to reach Harry.
The three of them had gotten split up early on.
Just as she spotted him, duelling the dark wizard, he was struck.
He never even stood a chance.
A stray killing curse; it could have even been friendly fire.
And just like that, the brightest hope of the Wizarding World, was dead.
Lost to her grief, she didn't even try to defend herself from the curse sent her way.
As soon as the light struck her, she knew no more.
Hermione had tears streaming down her face at the end of her tale.
Somewhere along the way, James had grabbed her hand, offering her comfort.
She squeezed his hand, glancing over at him with an exhausted smile.
Dumbledore looked contemplative as he stroked his chin, "I wonder, did you recognise the curse that hit you, Miss Granger?"
Hermione shook her head, "No, sir.
I have never seen a spell like it."
"What colour was it, if you will, Miss Granger?"
"Blue, sir."
Considering this, Dumbledore stood up, waving his wand to banish his conjured chair, "I will search for such a spell, Miss Granger, and hope that, in time, we can come to a conclusion as to how this has happened.
For now, I believe it would be best for you to attend classes.
Seventh year, correct?"
"Yes.
Thank you, sir."
Dumbledore made to leave, McGonagall and Madame Pomfrey following after him.
Turning around, as if remembering something, he spoke, "Oh, and welcome to Hogwarts, Miss Granger."
With one last twinkle, Dumbledore left.
Hermione, taking a deep breath, turned to James, eyes wide.
"Right.
That happened."
James let out a laugh, "Yes, it did."
His eyes softened as he looked at her gently, "Are you okay?"
"Not really."
She spoke, breezily.
She turned to look him in the eye, "Thank you.
I'm sure you must have questions…" She trailed off.
James shook his head, "They can wait until you're ready."
Hermione let out a sob, "You're so similar to your son."
She smiled at him fondly, through her tears.
James' eyes brightened, "Wow.
That's just…wow."
"Yeah, I know.
"Chapter 10 James peered around the corner, checking the way was clear.
Not seeing Filch, or his blasted cat, he gestured to the boys behind him to move forward.
The first boy, playing along, did a roll out from the cover, landing up against the opposite wall, hands splayed dramatically as he exaggeratedly looked left and right.
He flicked two fingers out, gesturing for James to 'roll out'.
"You do realise it's the middle of the day and no-one cares that we're out and about, yeah?"
Remus Lupin drawled, rolling his eyes at the rude gesture one Sirius Black gave him.
"You're no fun, Moony."
Giving up, Remus strode down the middle of the corridor, doing his best to ignore the two idiots playing spy against the walls, dramatically leaping across the corridor.
"I never should have let the two of you watch James Bond."
The group had gone to watch "The Spy Who Loved Me" just before the start of the school year and the two purebloods had become obsessed.
He glanced at the boys he called his friends, creeping dramatically along the walls, sending various hand signals across the corridor.
He rolled his eyes.
Big mistake, Remus.
\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/ Hermione was preparing to leave the hospital wing.
After collecting her beaded bag from Madame Pomfrey (Apparently the trusty bag had survived the trip – she had spent her bed rest organising everything, and had even found a handy spell to create sections, something she hadn't had time for when initially enchanting the bag), and getting dressed into her own clothing, she was currently getting a lecture about when to take her potions.
She had a stock of pain relief and nutritional potions, along with one to deal with prolonged exposure to the Cruciatus curse.
It was 'exciting' stuff.
She rolled her eyes…internally, of course.
"Thank you, Madame Pomfrey."
She was being genuine too.
It had been nice to see a familiar face the past two days.
"That's quite alright, dear.
Don't hesitate to come to me if you need restocking or if you relapse."
She smiled at the Medi-witch, "I will."
Madame Pomfrey smiled at her for a second, before ushering her out of the Infirmary, "Alright, child.
Off with you!
Do try not to get hurt, won't you?
As glad as I am to heal you, that is not an invitation to get injured!"
Hermione laughed as she walked out the doors, waving goodbye over her shoulder as the doors closed behind her.
She still had a smile on her face as she walked around the corner, heading to the Headmaster's office.
She had received a letter requesting her presence to discuss her living conditions – by which she was guessing the Headmaster was going to formally sort her.
It would be the logical next step, after all.
She just thought it would be weird to get sorted again.
Though, it is technically the first time.
She smirked.
"Oi, Granger!"
She whirled around at the address, clutching her wand in her fist.
She relaxed at the familiar face of James running down the corridor, two boys in tow, all three red-faced from running.
She started at the sight of a young Remus Lupin.
"Hi James."
The third boy, who could only be a young Sirius Black, looked at her still-raised wand with a raised eyebrow, "You want to lower your wand, love?"
Blinking, Hermione looked down at her wand, having not even noticed pointing it at the oncoming boys.
She lowered it with a blush, muttering, "Sorry.
Habit."
Quickly stuffing her wand away, she changed the topic, "So, were you after something, James?"
Said boy smiled, running a hand through his hair, "Yeah.
We were coming to see you, the boys wanted to meet you.
You weren't in the hospital wing, and Madame Pomfrey said you were going to meet with Dumbledore so…" He shrugged with a gesture that said, here we are.
Reaching out, Hermione wrapped James in a hug, surprising the boy.
"Thank you."
She said sincerel.
/N: G'day everyone!
Just wanted to pop in to say cheers to everyone who has faved/followed/dropped in a line.
I've said it before, but you guys are the bomb!
Enjoy xx (Sorry this guy is so short.
I wanted to get a Marauder interaction in there, but there wasn't really much more to say.
Also, I'm not in the mood to deal with old Dumbles at the moment, so I kinda skipped over his twinkling monologue of deceit [Sorry, not sorry]) Chapter 11 "So, Hermione."
"Yeah?"
Hermione glanced over at the boy walking next to her.
"Any idea which house you'll be in?"
He smiled over at her politely.
A young Remus Lupin was surprisingly adorable.
Suddenly, an arm was flung over her shoulder, and she followed it up to the matching face.
A young Sirius Black, however… "Gryffindor, of course.
All the other houses are a waste of time."
…was a cocky little shit.
Hermione smirked, pushed his arm away from her, and walked ahead, throwing her words over her shoulder.
"Oh, I don't know.
I was kind of hoping for Slytherin."
Sirius stopped, mouth open as he stared after her, "No."
Hermione didn't react, continuing along the corridor, content to simply listen to Sirius' implosion with a smirk on her face.
James fell into step beside her.
"I'm sorry about them."
She looked at him out the corner of her eye, he was smiling and looking, if anything, proud of the antics of his friends.
"So…do you know which house you'll be in?"
Glancing back at where Remus and Sirius were walking together – Sirius protesting that yes, he did have the face of a god and that anyone should be honoured to be in the same house as him, as Remus just rolled his eyes – she smiled, leaning in closer to James as she whispered.
"Well, I was in Gryffindor…before.
Though the hat did consider Ravenclaw."
James grinned at this and said no more.
At that point, Sirius, getting fed up of the limited response from Remus, bounded forward and landed on James' back, winding the boy and causing him to wobble on the spot.
"Sirius!"
"James!"
Sirius grinned as he mimicked James.
"Remus!
Get him off of me!"
Falling slightly behind the trio of boys, Hermione beamed.
It seemed like this behaviour was universal as she was suddenly back with Harry and Ron, walking to class.
She was pulled out of her musings by their arrival at the stone Gargoyle guarding Dumbledore's office.
"Right, this is my stop."
Hermione grinned as she looked at the three boys, and they grinned right back, James' glasses askew and Sirius' hair rumpled from their tumbling.
"I'll see you on the other side."
Turning to the Gargoyle, she spoke the password (Acid Pops) and it sprung deftly to the side.
With a little wave, she walked up the stairs, coming face to face with the phoenix knocker.
Taking a deep breath, she knocked.
Here goes nothin.
hapter 12 "You know…I rather expected her to have inundated us with questions already."
Amaya turned to look at her best friend and confidant with a smile, "I didn't."
Her friend grinned, amused, "Oh really?"
Nodding seriously, Amaya put one hand on her hip, "Oh yes.
After all, nothing really weird has happened to her yet."
Dìona threw back her head as she laughed, "That's quite true, Mai."
"I quite expect we shall be hearing from her soon, however."
Dìona looked at Amaya questioningly, "Oh?"
Amaya nodded, "Time may have accepted her, but spatially she is still not connected."
This sobered the two women and they stared contemplatively at the night sky.
"What's got you two looking so dire?"
The two women turned to see the newcomer, striding towards them with his hands in his pockets and a small smile on his face.
"Oh, hey Chester."
Dìona greeted.
He nodded his head in greeting before looking toward Amaya in question, "What's up?"
Amaya shrugged, "The girl."
The man nodded in understanding, coming to a stop beside Amaya and sliding an arm around her shoulders, pulling her in close to his body.
"It will soon be time for us to intervene."
Dìona warned.
Amaya nodded, "Soon.
But not yet.
She is not ready."
There was silence as the three thought, staring out at the peaceful sky, stars twinkling down, tantalizing them with the secrets of the cosmos.
Secrets that no-one understood more than them.
As the stars started to fade, giving way to the break of dawn, a loud sigh from Chester broke the peace, "This is it, isn't it?"
They all felt it; the tension, the waiting, the anticipation.
Dìona nodded, "It is."
Something was coming.
A bigger something than ever before.
Amaya turned toward the rising sun, closing her eyes as the first rays touched her face.
"The storm is finally coming for us, after all these years."
Dìona moved to stand on Amaya's other side, the three beings standing united in the light of the new day.
"Let's hope we're ready when it breaks."
A/N: (I wanted to put this down here to not break the flow - it felt important for this chapter, idk don't ask.
I've given up trying to understand myself too) Anyway, I hope you guys didn't forget about Amaya and friends!
(Btw.
Anyone got any idea who tf they are?)
Thanks again to those who read/faved/followed, and to my lovely guest reviewer, Anon.
I'm so glad you're enjoying this!
I love writing it!
Much love for you guys xxChapter 13 A crack of thunder echoed down the halls as Hermione descended the staircase after an enlightening meeting with the Headmaster.
There was no new insight into the spell which brought her into this time, and it appeared as though she would be stuck here for the duration.
Dumbledore had even written to an acquaintance in the Department of Mysteries, but had so far had no response.
Not that Hermione really had much hope that anything would come of it.
She had kept her discussions with the ethereal beings a secret for now, not feeling it was right to inform anyone of such a thing just yet.
There had been something…personal about the meetings that made her unwilling to have them be known.
She couldn't explain it.
Regardless, it was clear that she was going to be around for a while.
Might as well make the most of it.
She was stopped at the bottom of the staircase by the sight that met her.
James and Remus were sat of the floor playing with a pack of cards while Sirius leaned up against the wall beside them, arms crossed over his chest, looking bored.
"Hi."
Her voice got James' attention, causing his head to whip around to look at her as Remus made the most of his distraction to place down a card from his hand, causing a miniature explosion and setting the end of James' tie on fire.
With a wave of his wand, Sirius extinguished the fire, laughing at the panicked look on James' face while Remus smirked at the scene.
Hermione chuckled.
"So…what's the verdict?"
Sirius' face looked bored, though his eyes shone in anticipation.
Hermione's face became contemplative, as she asked, "I'm supposed to find a…Professor Slughorn?"
She took on a confused look, scrunching her face up as if in thought.
Sirius paled, quite dramatically, as Hermione gave him an innocent smile.
"Oh, don't look as though I killed your cat.
I got Gryffindor."
James let out a small whoop as Sirius spat, "Good.
You don't want to be with the no-good snakes, anyway."
Hermione shrugged, choosing not to address Sirius' attitudes right at this moment.
"They wouldn't let me in, either way.
Not pure enough, apparently."
In reality, the hat had considered her for Slytherin.
After all, one does not go through a war without changing in some way.
The main concern was not, in fact, her blood status (although she really would have been eaten alive for it) but the fact that she didn't care all that much about self-preservation.
While she may have had the cunning and resourcefulness needed to be accepted into the house of the snakes, she was too brash in her tendencies to be anything other than a Gryffindor.
And a fantastic Gryffindor she made, too.
"Shall we go to dinner, then?"
James queried, not waiting for an answer as he took off in the direction of the Great Hall.
Sirius cantered off after him, calling out, "Wait for me, Prongsie!"
Remus and Hermione looked at each other, bemused.
Finally, Hermione shrugged, "Well, I am quite hungry."
Remus chuckled, offering his arm out for her to take with a bow, "Shall we, my lady?"
Giggling at the fanfare, Hermione curtseyed, taking his arm as they wandered off after the other two Marauders, following at a more sedate pace.
"We shall.
"Chapter 14 When they got to the Great Hall, James and Sirius had already arrived and were piling their plates up with food, chatting with another boy sitting across from them.
Hermione stilled at the vision of a young Peter Pettigrew.
He was…almost unrecognisable from the man in her time.
The one who had begged her to spare his life.
She shivered.
Best not to think about that.
Taking a seat beside James, Hermione smiled at the table in general, "Hi."
Sirius swallowed his mouthful, gesturing across the table, "Hermione, Peter.
Peter, Hermione."
That done, he promptly went back to eating, cleverly disguised as stuffing his face.
Rolling her eyes, Hermione extended her hand across the table, "Nice to meet you, Peter."
Pettigrew grinned at her, wiping his hand on a napkin before taking hers and shaking it once, "You too, Hermione."
He turned away from her as she started to drag food across to her, and onto her plate.
To tell the truth, she wasn't all that hungry – a year on the run will do that to you – and her stomach twisted a bit at all the food in front of her.
How the boys were able to shovel it down the way they did was beyond her.
Not to mention, they were all skinny as anything!
It should have been impossible!
Prats.
Realising she was glaring at her plate – which only had a few potatoes and some peas on it – she shook herself, looking up to tune in to the conversation going on around her.
Watching the laughing boys sitting around the table, Hermione had a sudden thought.
Harry should be here, not me.
Her throat suddenly clogged, feeling the weight of the room push down on her.
She was starting to panic, the words I shouldn't be here, cycling through her head on repeat, speeding up and getting more and more overwhelming as everything became all too much.
Feeling the tears prick at her eyes, she grabbed her head between her hands, barely aware that she was mumbling aloud and rocking back and forth on the bench.
"Hermione."
The voice brought her out of her panic, guiding her back to the present.
Becoming aware that a good deal of people were staring at her in blatant curiosity, she stood up.
"I…" She looked around at the concerned faces of the Marauders staring back at her, shaking her head.
"I'm sorry."
And with that, she left the Great Hall.
Not really caring where she was headed as long as it was away-from-here.
It wasn't until she found herself leaning against the door of Myrtle's bathroom that she broke down fully, tears streaming down her face as her body was racked with sobs.
The only thought visible through the pain was; Harr.
hapter 15 She remembered about the notebook on the third day of classes.
There was nothing extraordinary about the realisation, or even the events leading up to the realisation, but nevertheless; she remembered about the notebook on the third day of classes.
Sitting cross-legged on her bed, alone in her dorm, she considered the book laying in front of her.
It was rather pretty, actually.
The swirling blue designs on the cover stood out sharply against the black, seeming to almost twist and come alive as she watched.
It was made of heavy material, seeming almost more solid and real than any of her normal books – or really anything, for that matter.
There was an air of importance to it.
What was it that Amaya had said?
Use the book to contact us.
There was that pesky 'us' again.
Honestly, those people should learn to be blunt, it would get them a lot further, and leave less people confused as all hell.
Don't let it be seen.
The voice floated from out of her memories.
Making a decision, she bundled up the book and grabbed her book bag.
It seemed she was going on an adventure.
\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/ The door to the Room of Requirement closed quietly behind her, as she took in the familiar sight in front of her.
The Burrow.
The place she felt most at home in.
It was quite sad that she felt more at home in the domain of the Weasley's than in her own family home.
Though quite fitting, she supposed.
She had left her home behind when she entered the Magical world.
Now she had fully left her world behind.
Again.
With a sigh, she slumped over to her favourite over-stuffed armchair.
Dropping onto the worn material and curling her feet up under her, taking out the notebook and opening it up on her lap.
Taking out a pen (all her quills were broken – and she much preferred muggle ball-point pens anyway), she considered what to write.
Hi, I just remembered about this book and I don't know what I'm doing?
Remembering Harry's tale of Tom Riddle's diary, she wrote.
My name is Hermione Granger.
A/N: (Don't ask why I put this down here rather than at the top.
I have no clue) So, I've been gone for a little while (like only a week and a half, but still), but I'm semi-back now (I'm thinking updates will be a little more spaced out from here).
I'm currently manipulating a move so I'm booking flights, and applying for visa's, and organising couriers and all sorts of mind-numbing, confusing-as-hell and over-the-top-complicated shit.
It's a bit hectic.
But anyway, enough about that.
In reply to my Guest™, I think I have a solution to the whole pairing dilemma.
You might have to wait a few chapters to see but a few things kinda fell into place.
I hope you'll enjoy the direction I'm taking this (even if it doesn't become fully clear just yet).
Also; as of next chapter, the tone of the story shifts a bit as a result of...well I'll not say just yet.
The angst kinda becomes secondary (I know the last chapter ended on a fricking angst-riddled train-wreck) As always, thanks you guys.
You da best xxA/N: Okay.
Before I start, I just want to say that I hope this isn't too confusing.
I'll pop a little note at the bottom of the page but everything should be explained properly next chapter.
Chapter 16 Hermione watched her words on the page.
Nothing happened.
Almost ready to throw down her pen in frustration and call it a night, she was startled as the book heated up.
Eyes glued to the page, she watched words appear.
Yeah…I know.
Hermione could almost picture the person who wrote it rolling their eyes.
Di!
Be nice to Hermione.
Sorry, I just… What?
You just what?
Don't play stupid with me Dìona.
Um…hi?
Oh!
Hermione!
Hello, dear.
Hi Hermione.
No.
You don't get to talk to her after that, Di.
Oh, come on, Mai!
I'm sorry!
Can someone please tell me what's going on?
I can try.
Oh, Chester's here too!
Hi Chester!
Hello, Dìona.
What mischief have you been up to?
What?
Nothing!
You liar.
I'm not ly…okay maybe.
But I said sorry!
Typical.
You'd think being the literal incarnation of Magic would prompt you to behave a bit better!
WHAT?!
Hey!
That has nothing to do with anything!
Not to mention you are as old as the Earth itself!
Can someone PLEASE tell me what's going on?
Well!
So are you!
Still, you should know better!
I have to fill the time SOMEHOW!
Hello?
Anyone?
I think you two should continue this discussion some other time.
Don't worry about these two, Hermione.
I've had to deal with them for the last eternity, it gets easier to ignore.
I promise.
Oh, you did NOT just say that Chester!
I think he did, Mai.
When I get my hands on you, mister… Look.
Just stop, guys.
Hermione came to us for help.
Let's just work together, okay?
Okay.
Cool with me.
Excellent.
Now, Hermione.
Where to begin… A/N #2: Basically: Four characters.
Each with their own...style (I think that's the best way to describe it?
Idk).
Either way, the 'styles' are as follows; Hermione.
Chester.
Amaya.
Dìona.
So sorry if that was confusing as all hell, but it seemed the best way I could do it.
Also.
Next chapter is the explanation so get ready!
(Thank-you to everyone who's still reading/faving/following.
Also shout out to my SUPER-MEGA-FOXY-AWESOME-HOT reviewer, JessicaImpossible.
Like seriously.
Two reviews per chapter?!
Man, you know how to make a girl feel awesome!)
