~o~ Follow the instructions in the manual I gave you.
Follow the instructions, Stan had said.
Okay starting a new job was always hard work, not that Sirius knew an honest day's work in his life...but where the hell was the Instruction Manual?
Sirius rolled his eyes at his own pun.
After growing up with a name like Sirius, he had dealt with a lot of bad puns.
But having hell as his new domain was going to give him a whole new supply of puns.
"Where the hell is the Instruction manual?"
Sirius chuckled to himself again.
Stan had only given him the key which was just a simple brass key attached to a Microsoft keychain.
He felt the brass of the key in between his fingers.
Suddenly a small bird, or rather owl, appeared.
It was dark as ebony with an ashy furry stomach.
Its feathers were slick and yet looked scruffy.
And out of its face stared two of the largest, most conniving owl eyes Sirius had ever seen.
Owls always had striking eyes, yet this bird's large orange eyes glowed like lanterns.
"Can I help you?"
Sirius asked.
He held the keys to hell protectively in his hand.
The black owl opened its beak and spoke with a perfect English accent.
"You called me, dumbass," the owl said with a female voice.
"No, I didn't.
Why would I want an owl?
I'm not mailing anything.
Yet."
He assumed this bird must be the Devil's personal owl.
Well he didn't need to mail anything right now...Though he could think of plenty of scary mail pranks for later, like mailing people boogie traps and pigs guts.
"Just go away," Sirius said with a wave of his hand to shoo her.
However, the owl instead perched on his shoulder and pecked at his ear.
"I'm the instruction manual, moron.
Didn't you ask for my help?"
"You are?
You're rather fowl-mouthed,' Sirius grinned.
"Lame pun," the owl said and paused to groom her feathers as she sat on Sirius's shoulders.
He felt rather like a pirate right now than a devil.
He needed better accessories than this if he was going to scare people.
"Are you really the Instruction Manual?"
Sirius asked.
"Yes I am."
The owl turned to look at him with her hypnotizingly large eyes.
"Obviously Stan didn't think you could manage without me, and he was right."
"Hmm.
Well, I haven't been to hell before.
Would you like to be my tour guide?"
The owl made a bobbing movement with its head.
"Do you see anyone else here who will?"
They were still standing in the Ministry of Magic behind the Veil.
"Of course not.
Excuse my manners.
What is your name Owl?
Or should I give you one?"
He was thinking something along the lines of Bird from Hell.
"I have a name.
I'm Athena," she said.
"Nice to meet you Athena, show me the way to Hell."
Athena nodded at him.
"I thought you'd never ask.
Hold on."
She apparated them both from the Ministry of Magic and they disappeared with a loud pop.
~O~ A few seconds later, they arrived at a place that smelled extremely foul, sulphurous...and was as hot as Las Vegas in summer.
It was like as an oven.
"Good god, it's hot as knackers in here!"
Sirius swore.
"Get used to it, this is mild weather.
You should see how hot it is when the underground Volcano's active."
"We have a volcano?"
"Of course," said Athena.
"Why do you think everything's covered in ashes?"
She gave him a condescending look.
"And where do you think the hot liquid lava comes from?"
"Sorry, I'm not a geologist!"
Sirius said with a dismissive wave of his hand.
"Just show me to my throne!"
"You don't have one," Athena said.
"Stan got rid of that millenia ago.
He is rather unostentatious.
There is a palace however."
"Excellent, show me to that!"
Sirius looked around at the flowing rivers of hot magma and lava.
So far he didn't see any people except a slow movement of chained slaves on the other side.
"Who are those people?"
"Hypocrites," Athena said.
"They were the people who were slave masters on earth.
Now they are slaves here building our palaces and pyramids, yet all they do is whine that they did nothing wrong by having slaves on earth and they shouldn't be here!"
"Ha!
That's just precious!"
Athena flew off his shoulder and ahead of him to a large boulder.
He climbed on top of the boulder and stood looking at the view below them.
It was absolutely incredible and vast.
A huge underground city full of lava and in the middle was a giant volcano, a lake and beside that a giant palace made of black stones.
"She's a beauty," Sirius said with genuine awe.
"You rule this place," Athena said proudly.
"At least for now."
Sirius snapped his fingers and a black broomstick appeared.
Now that he was the devil, he didn't need a wand anymore to do magic and his abilities were much vaster, if not infinite.
He hadn't quite tested out the range of his new powers yet.
That was something he was looking forward to, especially with a particular rat called Peter Pettigrew.
"Let's take a flight to the palace," Sirius said.
"I want to take in every detail of my domain."
They both ascended into the sulphourous, black clouded sky and Sirius began to feel his whole body thrill with true joy and freedom.
Perhaps this was where he was meant to be after all.
The city of Hell stretched for as far as the eye could see in every direction and Sirius could almost hear the sounds of screams in the air as they flew closer towards the Palace.
Athena pointed with her beak and led him towards the Main Hall of the Devil's Palace.
"In there," she said.
Sirius's eyes lit up like a kid in a candy shop as they flew into the magnificent Gothic palace filled with towering spires and demons and slaves.
"I am home!"
he said.
He hadn't meant that since the last time he saw Hogwarts.
~o~~o~ Sirius marched up and down his new palace, taking note of each hallway, each gothic ceiling and artwork.
There were portraits of many different demons and it was a bit like a haunted house filled with tons of ancient looking torture machines like the Iron maiden and guillotines and old pulley racks ….it kind of reminded him of Grimmauld Place.
His mom could certainly blend in with the screeching portraits here.
"Do you like the Devil's Palace?"
Athena asked, still perched on Sirius's shoulder.
"I don't know, it's a bit old fashioned...some of these torture devices look positively medieval."
"What were you expecting, the Playboy mansion?
It's not supposed to be fun."
"No, but you think we'd at least have updated forms of torture.
Didn't Stan learn anything from the Bush administration?"
"Stan swears by antiques."
"Not while I'm in charge here!
Order some new things," Sirius commanded.
"We have to keep up with places like Guantanamo Bay or we'll lose our reputation!"
"Duly noted, we can order new equipment," Athena said with enthusiasm.
"By the way," Sirius paused to stare at the cute furry owl on his shoulder.
"I'm feeling more like a pirate than the Devil with you on my shoulder.
So please when I have patrons, stay off the shoulder.
I have an image to keep up."
"Sorry," Athena said and flew beside him instead.
"Will you wear horns and a cape then?"
"Very funny but not necessary.
What's my 1 o clock appointment?"
he asked.
"Ordering a dispute with some of the demons torturing the circus-masters."
"Their crimes?"
Sirius demanded.
"Animal cruelty."
"Good," Sirius said.
"I hate people who mistreat animals!"
He should know, he'd only been tracked down by animal control, kicked around as a dog when he was a stray and some lady pretending to be nice to him once had tried to get him neutered.
"I shall make sure they suffer a plenty!"
"Oh you don't have to do that yourself," Athena said.
"You don't need to get your hands dirty, the Demons do that, you just instruct."
"Odd.
Am I not allowed to do things myself?"
"You can but anything you do outside of ordering could interfere with your chances of going to heaven after you are done here."
"Hmm that does pose a moral dilemma."
Sirius narrowed his eyes.
Athena stared at him.
"What is it...Do you not want to go to Heaven if one of the angels can get you out of the Veil?"
Sirius thought that over.
"I don't know.
If heaven and the angels are so good, why didn't they send over someone right away?
Why did Stan come over first?"
"Stan is punctual, I dunno.
He just arrived earlier than they did."
"Angels-schmangels!"
Sirius said.
"I don't think I will be going to heaven either way because I plan on enacting revenge on everyone who wronged me while I'm the devil."
He rubbed his hands together.
"I'm not letting this chance of using such powers go to waste."
"Exactly who wronged you?"
"Where to begin!
It's a tale worthy of the Count of Montecristo."
Sirius sat down on a red chaise-lounge and began to eat grapes as he told Athena all the people who had wronged him, including, most notably the rat Pettigrew who had him locked up for 12 years for a crime he didn't commit.
"That is quite an awful deed," Athena agreed.
"I can see why you asked Stan to come down here.
You can locate all these people using the Book of Damnation."
"Yes.
It's exactly why I'm NOT going to heaven," Sirius said eagerly.
"I'd much rather stay down here a thousand years if it means breaking all their necks for eternity."
"Don't be so sure," Athena said.
"Your angel caseworker may come to visit you and change your mind."
"Down here?"
Sirius asked.
"That's laughable.
I'm the devil now."
"Not officially forever," Athena reminded him.
There was a knock at the door.
"It's the circus-masters," Athena said.
"Let them in!
I shall have no mercy!"
He turned to Athena.
"I know you think because it's my first day here that I don't know what I'm doing, but believe me I can be devilish.
Just watch this."
Athena shrugged her wings.
"You might regret that later!"
~o~ 30 Minutes of Eternal Diarrhea, Ear-wig-aches and Zombie Fleas later... "That was actually quite impressive," Athena said and the other demons agreed with her.
"Yes, I have quite the imagination."
Sirius gloated and drank Bloody Mary from a goblet.
"How did you come with that stuff?
We run out of ideas all the time," one of the demons complained.
"I had a lot of time in prison to mull over colourful ways of torturing my enemies," Sirius said proudly.
"Admirable!
You make a good devil," the demon said with a smile.
These demons were surprisingly nice company...although some of them did look weird with goats legs and horns and some had tentacles.
"Thank you, Ernie."
He was feeling more at home in hell than ever and glad to be on a first name basis with some of the demons.
And best of all, he didn't even have to lift a finger.
He told the demons to do all his ideas, and they implemented them.
That way he kept his hands clean so far...for he had decided to stall a bit for damning himself forever here.
He had heeded Athena's warning.
However, he knew that temptation wouldn't last long when he went after his personal enemies.
"Ernie, would you bring me the Eternal Book of Damnation?
I have some calls I want to make back on earth."
Ernie nodded and went to retrieve the large tome from its place beside the Golden Guillotine.
Sirius then turned to the other pleasant demoness he had just met.
He had noticed she was particularly good at her job.
"Tina, I have a task for you.
Do you like possessions?"
"Possessions?"
Tina laughed and put down her goblet of circus-master's blood.
"Possession is my bread and butter!
Who do you have in mind?"
"Well, there's a little chap on earth I know called Voldemort and I need to know how and why he is practically immortal."
Sirius knitted his hands together and began to chuckle.
"Do you think you can find out his secrets?"
"We see everything once we possess 'em," Tina said.
"Good!
Very good!"
Sirius coughed and his skin all accidentally turned red and horns sprouted from his head.
Athena's eyes widened.
"Careful, you are starting to turn over to our side permanently."
"I don't see the issue," Sirius snorted.
"I'm starting to like it here!"
He lifted up his goblet.
"Cheers!"
He grinned as he imagined filling up the goblet with the blood of his enemies soon.
Things were about to get hellish for anyone who crossed him.
~O~A/N: In case you read the first version of chapter 3, I added an extra scene at the end so chapter 3 is slightly longer now.
Thanks and cheers, thanks for reading and let me know what you think.
~o~ By the second day, Sirius had really got the hang of things and was starting to genuinely enjoy his new life in hell.
They even threw a BBQ with the other demons and enjoyed roasting the heads of mass murderers.
By the third day, Sirius had already decided he never wanted to leave.
He loved torture.
He loved gore.
He loved being in charge.
And he sure as hell couldn't wait any longer to try his new skills on someone who really deserved it.
In other words, he wanted to damn himself ASAP.
There was just one tidbit Sirius didn't like so far about how hell was run: it was surprisingly punctual.
Like fastidious Stan himself always checking his wristwatch, everything in Hell was run and timed down to the second.
Damnation was even finely meted out in timed sessions according to regulations.
Sirius stared at the watch as the minute hands ticked by gruelingly slow.
Meanwhile, Ivan the Terrible was barely even half way cooked on his spike.
The demons seasoning the tyrant also looked bored.
Only Genghis Khan, who was expected to eat this meat, looked worried and alert because he wanted it well cooked.
Sirius tried not to yawn.
His supervision here was barely even needed.
It was more fun earlier in the day when he instructed his demons to bully child abusers by making them have wrestling matches to the death with each other.
"Can't I get off early today?"
he pleaded with Athena, who contrary to his liking, had taken to perching on his shoulder again.
Making him again look like a pirate, not the devil.
Athena glared at him from his shoulder with her large lantern-like eyes.
"Everyone gets out at 7pm that's the rule.
No exceptions."
"And no vacation for the Devil?"
"That's how Stan likes it."
"This truly is hell!"
Sirius whined.
"Why did Stan make the rules so torturous for even the employees?!"
"Deal with it.
I've only been here 5000 years, you've been here two days.
Have you never done an honest day's work in your life?"
Sirius would rather not answer that answer.
He had been a pureblood heir to one of the richest families in Wizarding Britain.
Of course he had never worked an honest day's whatever till now.
And it was getting to be a bit of a drag punching in and out of an actual clock everyday.
"Well if I only have until after 7pm every day to torture the people I like," Sirius said, thinking aloud.
"Perhaps I should better read up on what I'm going to do now?"
Athena shrugged her wings.
"I suppose reading while supervising torture isn't against the rules."
"Good!"
Sirius promptly took out his new favourite volume: Torturing the Sadistic Hardcore Way for Beginners, a Hell Publication.
It was a real page turner, he was already half way thru the book on chapter 8: Using conjuring to scare the shit out of people.
"Where did you find that book?"
"I found it in Stan's personal library.
I sort of raided the place when I couldn't sleep last night."
Athena looked skeptical.
"I don't think those books are officially recommended by the Instruction Manual."
Sirius narrowed his eyes at her.
"Shut up!
You are the Instruction Manual."
Athena glared at him.
"Yes, and I don't approve of that book!"
Sirius smirked.
"Don't worry about it, I'm not going to use anything I learn here in hell, it's strictly for using on earth."
"That's what I'm worried about!"
He roughly patted her feathers.
"You know you're actually kind of cute for a Hell owl.
And soft!
You're kind of cuddly like a soft pillow!"
He poked at her soft belly.
Athena pecked at his fingers with her beak.
"Shut up!"
Yet he could tell she was developing a soft spot for him.
For Athena still insisted on sitting on his shoulder.
He even caught her napping there sometimes and heard her soft snores.
~O~ As soon as 7pm came and Sirius could clock out, he grabbed the Book of Damnation and hurried as fast as he could towards the Exit sign.
Hell being hell: there was only one exit and only demons possessing people, haunting places and the Devil himself could use this exit.
Disappointingly, Sirius found his pet owl flying behind him.
Sirius waved his hand at her dismissively.
"Athena I want you to stay here."
"Not happening."
"I can't have you cramping my style."
"Style?
What are you even talking about Sirius?
You never had style to begin with."
"Look!"
Sirius said suddenly pointing.
"Our volcano's exploding!"
Athena briefly turned around to look behind her and it was enough for Sirius to disappear out the exit without her.
"Sike!"
Sirius was laughing as he made his way up to earth.
To his surprise, he only had to walk up a few stairwells and then opened another door...and he was in London.
"I always knew Hell was in London," Sirius said.
"You can hear the screams in the underground sometimes."
He was about to walk down the street when he suddenly heard the loud ruffle of wings and turned around.
Holy shit.
Standing in front of him was possibly the most drop dead gorgeous woman he'd ever seen.
If not one of the most beautiful creatures to be ever made.
She looked too good to be true.
"Hi," the woman said.
"Did it hurt?"
Sirius said almost automatically, he couldn't help himself.
"Did what hurt?"
"When you fell from heaven?
Because girl you look like an angel," he said and couldn't help cringing.
The beautiful woman rolled her eyes.
"I've only heard that joke, let's see, about 99999 thousand times."
"Has it ever worked?"
Sirius asked hopefully.
"Never."
Yet, she did, in fact, have wings.
Very large, fluffy white wings.
Which nicely matched her white cotton mini dress.
Damn, did God dress them up in only trendy Gap outfits?
Sirius had to stop himself from leering.
"I am an angel," she said.
No kidding.
.
.
~O~ a/n: Can anyone think of some bad angel puns?A/N: Sorry I had that Ariana song 'Don't call me angel' stuck in my head when I wrote this.
~O~ "I'm an angel," the unbelievably beautiful woman said and fluttered her white wings.
No kidding, Sirius thought but decided to tease her.
"Charlie's angels?"
"No."
"Victoria's angels?"
"No!
God's angels."
"God's angels?
Is that like Hell's Angels the motorcycle gang?"
The angel put a hand on her ample hips.
"No.
Do you see any motorcycle gang behind me?"
"No."
"Yeah, so I am an angel and from what I've heard you've signed up to be the devil."
She made a disappointed face which oddly turned him on because her lips were so plump.
Sirius quickly got this must've been the angel case worker Athena had warned him about.
Sirius conjured up devil's horns and a tail mockingly.
"Hey don't judge, I had a tough decision to make.
Okay, angel?"
"You know what?
Don't call me Angel," she said and cleared her throat.
"I know you mean it in a derogatory fashion."
"Not at all."
But he did.
He smirked.
"Sure."
The angel rolled her eyes.
"Just call me Angelina from now on okay?"
"Angie."
"So?"
"So what?"
Sirius asked, wondering what the hell was her problem.
He was just doing his thing, living his best afterlife, he didn't need to be lectured by her.
Especially not by some uppity Calvin Klein supermodel lookalike.
"Why'd you choose to go to hell, you didn't have to," Angie said and made that pouting lip thing again that distracted him.
"Excuse me but last time I checked, you didn't even show up at the Veil.
Stan did!"
Angie made an irritated sound.
"So Stan is punctual, I'll give him that."
"Why didn't you show up?"
"I only work three hours a day."
"Damn.
Only three?"
Then maybe he truly was living in hell since he had a full 9-7 job every day of the week for eternity!
"It IS heaven," Angie said.
"You should try it sometime.
You're not condemned...yet."
Sirius felt his anger boil.
So the reason he got tricked into going into hell was because his angel caseworker was too busy singing on Karoake night to pay attention that HE WAS GOING TO HELL?
"Yeah, well maybe you might want to work harder at your job if you don't want people going to hell all the time!"
Sirius said.
Angie crossed her arms over her rather large breasts.
"Its not too late to turn back.
I'm here now, aren't I?"
Sirius was distracted for a moment by her breasts but then his eyes went back to her face.
"Forget about it, you don't even know me!"
"I do, Sirius, and I know exactly the type of revenge fantasies you've been entertaining."
"How?"
Was this some kind of angel mind trick or last attempt at saving his soul?
Was she a mind reader?
"I was guardian angel while you were in prison," Angie said with a roll of her eyes.
Suddenly Sirius put two and two together.
Her face had seemed vaguely familiar...and yet still unreal.
"Damn, I think I remember you from my wet dreams."
"They weren't supposed to be wet dreams!"
Angie said with reddened cheeks.
"Sorry."
"It was awkward," Angie said.
"You still helped me get through those years," Sirius said gratefully.
"I'd rather not discuss it."
Angie stared down at the floor.
"Let's just discuss what you're doing right now."
"Too late."
"What?"
Sirius laughed.
"I'm happy in hell."
"You do know that's an oxymoron isn't it?"
Angie said with crossed arms.
"Not if you enjoy revenge," Sirius said.
"Speaking of which...I better get going."
He prepared to walk off, he had the Book of Damnation in his pocket after all.
He planned to do some house calls.
Angie followed after him.
"Please, think it through, Sirius, it's not too late to save you!"
she shouted behind him.
Sirius swung around...totally not to check out her magnificent rack again.
But because he was interested in what she had to say.
Which he was sure would be very profound and lifechanging uplifting message this time.
"Give me one good reason why I should want to go to heaven?"
Sirius asked, glancing down at his watch.
Angie licked her plump lips and this time Sirius definitely knew she was teasing him.
"We have sex in heaven."
Oh crap.
She did sell a hard pitch.
Sirius had to clear his mind and regain his control of the conversation before he gave her his soul wholesale, line and sinker.
"I thought 'angels' didn't get up to those things," he said instead, acting suspicious and disbelievingly.
"It is heaven, isn't it?"
Angie said and conjured a lollipop which she seductively licked.
Oh man, this angel case worker of his was definitely fucking with him.
He wasn't so sure those wet dreams she gave him in prison weren't on purpose.
"We can do whatever we went, as long as it's good, even for the angels."
Sirius's mouth went dry.
"Really?"
he coughed.
So it wasn't true as he imagined that angels were sexless beings and everyone in Heaven just recited hymns all day while not having fun.
"Think about it, Sirius," Angie said with one last wink before disappearing as quickly as she came into his life.
Sirius had to take a breather.
Knowing what he knew now, did he really want to condemn himself for eternity?
He looked down to see the Book of Damnation glowing red hot in his pocket like a coal.
"What the—?"
.
.
~O~ a/n: Thank you for reviewing, following and showing this story love!
Hope you enjoyed the lame angel puns, and why do you think the Book of Damnation is glowing?
:P
