Ill Tidings Ellie hummed to herself as she trotted down the stairs and started towards the greenhouse, wondering if her mother was there with Ryan.
It was still rather early in the evening though they had already finished dinner and she hoped to ask for her help on a bit of herbology homework.
However, as she neared the back of the manor, she heard a number of voices coming from the den.
"That's odd," she muttered to herself, not remembering her mother saying anything about guests that night.
She walked into the large room and stopped, taking in the crowded room.
It looked as though the entire Order were there.
From the looks on their faces, it didn't appear as though they were all there for a party.
Unsure if Grimmauld Place remained safe, they had taken to moving meetings around from location to location, though Ellie was sure her mother would have said something if they were to have a meeting that night.
"Wotcher, Ellie," one of the Weasley twins said, being the first to notice her there.
The murmuring died down as the rest of the group finally noticed her presence.
"What's going on?"
she asked.
Aurora immediately walked over to her.
"I think perhaps you and Ginny should go to your room," she said, her brow furrowed.
Immediately, Ellie glared at her.
"I thought you said no more secrets," she said, already upset about the idea of being left out.
She knew that if she didn't stay, her mother would likely leave out a few (or a lot of) details from the meeting and Ellie felt she deserved to stay just as informed as everyone else.
"Do not fight me on this, Ellie," Aurora said sternly.
"I'll fill you in afterwards, but this is Order business."
"Right, so you can lie to me again," Ellie challenged.
"Ellie Grace!"
Aurora exclaimed.
Ellie took a deep breath, ready to lay into her when Professor Lupin quickly stepped up to the mother and daughter, who were defiantly glaring at each other.
"Perhaps it wouldn't hurt to let her stay just this once," he said gently, touching Aurora's arm.
She pulled it out from his grasp as she looked over at him.
"Please, Rora."
After staring at him a few moments, Aurora huffed and threw her hands in the air.
"Fine.
Stay," she said, walking over to the other side of the room.
Ellie smiled triumphantly and walked over, sitting next to Ginny on a loveseat.
"Seriously, what is going on with them?"
Ginny asked, looking over at Aurora, who had just moved again after Remus stepped to her side.
"Don't know," Ellie replied, not caring to get into it.
The two adults had been off ever since she got back from school, if she were being honest, though she had known better than to ask her mother about it.
Before they could continue on in their observations, Shacklebolt cleared his throat and the room quieted, everyone's attention now on him.
He looked around the gathered people, a grave expression on his face.
"There's been another mass breakout from Azkaban," he said, getting right to the point.
Ellie's mouth dropped open as there were several gasps around the room.
"Do you know who it was?"
someone asked calmly.
Ellie looked over, seeing that it was her mother.
Though her face appeared calm, her body language was tense and even though she was across the room, Ellie had seen the swift flash of fear in her eyes.
"Everyone who was captured during the attack on the ministry," he said.
There were a flurry of exclamations and questions, but Ellie continued to watch her mother as she stared into space, her arms wrapped around her, though she reached up and grasped her locket with one hand.
Professor Lupin stepped back to her side, gently placing his hand on her arm, his lips moving as he said something softly to her mother.
Her brow furrowed as she continued to stare at the floor in front of her, though she finally looked up at him and nodded once.
"Quiet, please!"
Shacklebolt boomed.
"We were all expecting something like this.
As long as we keep up our vigilance, we should be fine."
"Evan Selwyn, was he included?"
Lupin asked loudly.
The noise quieted again as everyone looked to him and Aurora.
"Yes," Shacklebolt confirmed.
"Then I believe there's no other way.
We need to perform the Fidelius Charm for Greenthistle Manor," Lupin replied.
"It's the best way to keep Aurora, Ellie, and Ryan safe.
At the very least, he'll come for Aurora."
"I was thinking the same thing," Shacklebolt said with a heavy sigh.
"We can do it once the meeting is finished."
While the meeting continued on, Ellie found she couldn't keep track of everything, watching her mother.
At the moment, she appeared to be unaffected by the news, listening stoically as they discussed protection protocols, especially with the upcoming wedding.
To any other person, it looked as though Aurora Greenthistle was all business, but Ellie could tell.
Just under that strong exterior, there were likely a million worries flying through her head.
"Come on," she heard Ginny say to her.
She looked over at her friend, not realizing that the meeting had ended, and others were starting to leave.
She glanced back over at her mother, noticing that she was now in what looked to be in an intense conversation with Lupin, Shacklebolt, and Tonks.
"They'll likely be a bit figuring out the spell."
Ellie nodded and stood, following Ginny out of the room and towards the stairs.
The whole time she couldn't help but worry what this meant.
She stopped for a moment as a cold dread ran through her.
Evan Selwyn was out of Azkaban.
And he could be looking for her and her mother.
"It should be me," Remus said, his brow furrowed.
"No," Aurora said immediately, looking at him.
"You're too obvious.
They'll expect me to use to you as secret-keeper."
"I could do it," Tonks volunteered.
Aurora looked over at her, considering it.
But she then shook her head.
"If they find out that you're dating Remus, they may suspect you as well," she said with a sigh.
"I should probably ask someone that doesn't appear anyway related to me or Ellie."
"I'll do it," Shacklebolt then said.
Aurora looked up at him, studying him.
She then finally gave him a short nod.
"I think that should work," she said.
Shacklebolt then turned to Tonks.
"Wouldn't hurt to go ahead and strengthen the protective wards and such while we're performing the charm.
I've no doubt that Selwyn will try to get in," he said.
He then turned and strode out of the room.
Aurora made to follow him, but Remus grabbed her arm, stopping her.
"We'll keep all of you safe," he vowed.
"I know," she whispered in response.
She then turned and walked out of the room.
"Suppose we should get started then," Tonks said with a sigh.
Remus didn't respond at first, watching Aurora as she spoke with Shacklebolt and then the two walked out of sight, likely heading to the greenhouse.
"Remus."
He started and then looked over at her.
"What was that?"
he asked.
Tonks frowned, unsure of what had gotten into him.
Though she figured he was just worried about Aurora and her children.
The two had been close friends and he had been best friends with Sirius.
"We should get started reinforcing the charms and such," she said again.
"Yes.
Right.
Let's do that."
Ellie paced around her room, chewing on her bottom lip as Ginny watched worriedly from her bed.
There was a fierce look of concentration on the younger girl's face which had replaced the look of fear that had been there as they walked up to her room after the meeting.
"Ellie?"
Ginny said nervously.
Ellie stopped pacing and looked over at her.
"Are you okay?"
"I'm fine," Ellie said before continuing to pace.
"I understand if you're afraid-" "I'm not afraid," Ellie said.
"Why would I be afraid?"
Ginny huffed slightly.
"Oh, I don't know.
Maybe because your mother's murderous ex is on the loose and could be coming after you," Ginny replied.
Ellie stopped pacing and looked over at her, the determination still in her grey eyes.
"Good," she said.
Ginny's eyes widened in shock.
"What do you mean good?
This is not good, Ellie," Ginny said, standing from the bed.
"It is.
Let him come after me," Ellie said, her voice strong.
"He can try all he wants, but he'll never win."
"Are you even listening to yourself?
He's a death eater!"
Ginny said.
"Yea, and a foul human being.
He made life hell for my mother.
And me.
And if he thinks that he can get to her through me, then he's got another thing coming.
In fact, I hope he comes for me.
I think it's time for a bit of payback," Ellie said.
"But-" "No buts," Ellie said, cutting her off.
"I am not about to live my life in fear of that man.
Not again.
I spent the first 14 years of my life afraid of him.
I'm not afraid of him anymore."
Ginny stared at her a moment and then sighed, sitting back down on the bed.
"You think your mum will let you go back to Hogwarts now?"
she asked, knowing there was no way of talking Ellie down at the moment.
She could be rather stubborn at times.
"She has to," Ellie said.
"I know she'll try to keep me here, but I need to go back to Hogwarts."
"Why?"
Ginny asked.
Ellie frowned at her.
"Just… might be safer here, you know."
"Why do you want to go back?"
Ellie asked.
Ginny didn't reply, knowing she had no leg to stand on.
They both wanted to go back for the same reasons, after all.
"But I know it's going to come down to a fight with Mum.
Perhaps Lupin could help me…" Ginny snorted.
"What makes you think he'll help?
Seems just as concerned about your safety as your mother," she replied.
"I know, but… we have gotten a bit closer.
Surely if I can convince him, then he can help me convince Mum," Ellie said, still caught up in her planning.
"Some days I think he understands me better than Mum does…" Ginny thought it over but before she could offer any advice, there was a knock at the door.
They both looked over as it opened, and Aurora stepped in with Professor Lupin.
"Ginny, your parents are downstairs waiting on you," she said.
Ginny hopped off the bed and walked over to hug Ellie good-bye.
"Good luck," she whispered before leaving the room.
Ellie then turned to face her mother and Lupin, preparing herself.
From the look on her mother's face, she knew what was coming.
She was going to tell her that she wasn't going back to Hogwarts.
Already, she had taken up a defensive stance though her mother hadn't said a word yet.
"Ellie, I know I said that you could return to Hogwarts, but in light of the breakout, I don't think that is an option any longer," Aurora said evenly.
"So, just because he's out there somewhere, I'm supposed to cower in fear here at the manor," Ellie retorted.
There was a flash of anger in her mother's eyes.
"I don't think you understand just how dangerous he is," Aurora said, still managing to keep her voice calm.
For his part, Remus stayed silent, nervously watching the mother and daughter.
While she was currently exuding more of Sirius' qualities, he couldn't help but think Ellie's glare favored her mother in that moment.
He had seen it often enough in school, usually aimed at Sirius and James.
"And I don't think you understand that I am capable of protecting myself," Ellie said, an edge to her voice.
"You're only 15, Ellie!
Do you honestly think you could go up against a full-grown death eater!"
Aurora shouted, her anger finally getting the better of her.
"Yea, I think I could!"
Ellie shouted back.
"I was in Dumbledore's Army, after all!
Do you know that I can do a corporeal patronus?!"
Remus couldn't help but stare at the young teen in awe.
That was powerful magic for someone so young.
And he had no knowledge of this.
"Do not try to sway me.
My mind is made up.
You're not going back!"
Aurora shouted.
"It's a large black dog!
I didn't understand what it meant then, but I do now!"
Ellie shouted back.
Aurora's mouth fell open and Ellie took advantage of her momentary shock and distraction.
"You have to let me go back!"
"And just why is that?!"
Aurora exclaimed, regaining her senses.
"Because someone needs to be there to protect the others!"
Ellie retorted.
"That's what professors are for, Ellie," Aurora said.
"But I can help!"
"You're only a child!"
"I am NOT a child!
I'm 15!"
"Exactly!"
"Just because you're terrified of him doesn't mean I have to be!"
Ellie roared, stunning Aurora into silence yet again.
Her eyes widened a moment before she stormed up to her daughter and gripped her arms tightly.
"Yes, I am terrified of him.
And for good reason!
You don't know what he's capable of, Ellie.
He will want revenge and he will stop at nothing to get it.
Even killing you!"
Aurora said, the urgency clear in her voice.
"I will never forgive myself if I were to lose you."
For a moment, Ellie was silent, taking in the fear and desperation that had entered her mother's dark blue eyes.
She had never seen her like this before.
Even during all their years at Selwyn Manor, her mother had never once let her fear show.
"You must stay here.
Where you are safe," Aurora continued.
"But… Hogwarts is safe too," Ellie said, though she was starting to feel like she was losing this battle.
"No, it's not.
What happened to Dumbledore is proof of that.
If they got in once, they can do it again," Aurora said.
Ellie chewed on her bottom lip, looking to the floor as she frantically tried to come up with something else that might convince her mother to let her go.
Anything.
But she was coming up blank.
Just as she was about to concede defeat, one last thing popped in her mind.
She wasn't completely sure that it would work, but it was worth a try.
She met her mother's eyes again, renewed determination in them.
"Fine.
If you won't let me, I'll just find a way to go by myself," she said, stepping back and pulling her arms out of her mother's grasp.
"What makes you think that you could do that?"
Aurora asked, though Ellie could hear it in her voice.
The concern that Ellie would actually run off on her own.
She had to stop herself from smiling.
It was working.
"I'm at the top of my class.
I am very clever and resourceful," she said, crossing her arms in front of her.
Aurora studied her a moment and then looked over at Remus, as if she were silently asking him for help.
He sighed and shook his head.
"Against my better judgement… I think you should probably let her go, Rora," he said reluctantly.
Ellie looked over at him, smiling.
She was so happy she could have bounced over to him and kissed his cheek.
"She is rather bright.
At least this way, we can make sure she gets there safely."
Ellie looked back to her mother, watching as Aurora looked to the floor, now carefully considering it.
After a few minutes, she looked up at Ellie.
"Fine.
I suppose I'll let you return," she said, though her voice made it clear that she was not happy with the decision.
Ellie couldn't help but feel a slight bit of guilt.
She knew her mother had only tried to keep her here for her own safety.
And she was likely to cause her a lot of worry once she left.
She didn't want to end this conversation on such a tense note.
"I'll be fine, Mum," she said, smiling slightly.
"The professors will keep us safe.
And I have DA as well."
She walked over and hugged her.
Aurora held Ellie tightly, looking over and locking eyes with Remus.
"I hope that you're right."
Should have waited to post but didn't want you guys to wait too long on the next chapter.
Still about halfway through writing and working out some kinks.
cjconner326 – Haha, well… things are coming… Thanks for reading and following!
