Disclaimer : I own nothing but plot.
It's pure smut with oc and ooc characters so if you don't like it leave now.
Story contains extream and child sex.
Chapter 2 Today was Harry's 11th birthday.
He woke up feeling extreamly horny, he walked out of his room and went to kitchen where he found his mum bend over the slap and working a fat dildo in her asshole.
"need any help there mum. "
Lily raised her head to look at Harry standing on doorstep only to smile and nod her head.
Harry reached near her and with a jerk pulled the whole thing out of her and then rammed it up inside her again, after few more strokes he bent down and started licking her pussy while using his hand to ram the dildo, this coninued for few more minutes when Lily came with squealing Harry's name.
"Let's eat first Harry, and after that we would continue, alright baby. "
Harry wanted to protest but the rumbling of his stomach stopped him.
During breakfast Harry ate as fast as he can so they could get back to their personal time before their guests arrived.
After breakfast they went to Lily's room where Harry saw a certain 6 feet long basilisk.
As soon as Harry got sight of his pet snake he smiled remembering the day when he first met her and learned of his parsel abilities.
Flashback 8 year old harry was playing in the garden when he heard rustling, his mum was inside to get herself some juice, they have house elves but they tend to do small things by themselves.
As he went near he heard something -: idiotic human child playing near my home.
Don't they have any manners.
:- -: um how can you talk... :- Harry asked with curiosity seeing a snake able to speak.
-: You can speak the language of snakes.
I am delighted to meet a speaker:- came the gushing reply of the snake.
When he showed the snake to lily she freaked out for a second seeing how the newly named Emeralda was a basilisk of all things but being the supportive and caring mother that she is, she warmed up to the snake in no time.
After that day it was uaual to see harry with Emeralda nearby.
The mother son duo with the help of others tried to find the reason for Harry's parseltounge abilities, and at end it was a shocking news for them to know that Voldemort had taken such drastic measures to ensure his immortality.
Prof. Slughorn had been very ashamed of what had happened thinking it his own fault after much pressing he was able to overcame his guilt.
Even after knowing about the horcruxes they had only been able to find the locket of Salazar Slytherin, to which after it's cleansing Harry had taken a great liking to.
Harry climbed in the bed with his mother and being extreamly horny he forgone the foreplay and kissed his mum while quickly putting his cock in her pussy earning a moan from her.
He was on top of her with her legs raised Harry continued fucking her like this when she changed their position with her being on top, Harry grabbed and start kneading her ass which gave the whole world an invitation to see her recently abused asshole.
It was like this when Alice Longbottom found them, "well looks like birthday boy is enjoying his mum. "
she walked in and started kissing Harry. "
my, looks like my godson is quite a bit horny today. "
Alice then kissed Lily and with a smirk pinched her nipples and started walking back "enjoy you two.
We are preparing for party downstairs.
Finish it quickly Harry, after all we can't start without our birthday boy now can we. "
Alice said with a coy smile and left.
Half an hour later both Harry and Lily emerged from her room.
There was quite a lot waiting for them Sirius Black with his wife Marlene Black née McKinnon who would have killed in a death eater raid if not for staying in with Sirius that day rather than returning home, and with them was their 8 year old daughter Lyra.
There were Longbottoms, Bones and Greengras.
hen there was Severus Snape, Lily's childhood friend who had after confessing his misdeeds to her had gained her forgiveness.
As wizards and witches have their first magical maturity at 11 it is seen as a very big event, the children of old families come to their magical inheritance if any, and at 15 after four years of learning how to use them properly, they finally became potent enough to procreate without any harm to either body , mind or magic.
Harry went to meet his best friend and god brother Neville Longbottom first seeing how just two days ago he had the same thing done for him.
"Hey Nev. You enjoing it today."
"Yup!
It's so cool now you would know about your inheritance too."
Neville said with excitement filled voice, he had gained his inheritance two days back which was a Viking trait as evryone knewbut other than that nobody was any wiser.
They decided to walk to the middle of the hall where the cake was present.
They ran into Lyra on their way who wished her cousin happy birthday with a deep kiss, after which see and Astoria Greengrass ran off together to explore.
Harry excused himself to get some juice when he saw Daphne Greengrass, his other bestie and Susan Bones in a heated kissing session behind a pillar.
He silently crept behind them and in a low voice said "Wait for few moments ladies, the orgy will soon begin after dinner. "
They both jumped after hearing his voice and blushed like a tomato.
They both hugged him and gave his semi-hard cock a squeeze.
After a few minutes it was finally time to cut the cake, the said cake was 3 ft. tall with a moving picture of Harry fucking Lily from behind made on it.
As he cut the cake evryone started cheering, Harry took the piece of cake and put it in his mom's mouth.
Dinner was a rather silent affair as everyone present was waiting for the later event.
After cutting the cake and dinner it was time for the main event of the day The Orgy.
After going to the living room where the portraits of many past generation of Potters were present, they all gave into the wanton lust that they all were feeling.
Harry as per tradition went to his mother first and after kissing and roughly groping her, bended her over the couch and started to wildly fuck her, everybody else also went on with their own activities, with the male Longbottoms double teaming Alice in both her pussy and ass, Daphne and Susan got into 69, Sirius got his doughter to sit on his cock and ride him while his wife and Amelia went to Sophia Greengrass and they went on to a three way between them with Marlene laying down, Amelia sitting on her face and Sophia between her legs licking her pussy.
Severus joined the trio with geeting behind Sophia and plunging his cock in her ass, with Cyrus Greengrass deciding to fuck his younger daughter's mouth.
Soon partners were exchanged at one point with both Harry and Neville fucking both of their mothers in all holes.
At the end of the night every female present was covered in cum.
When everyone left Harry and Lily cleaned themselves and went to Harry's bed to sleep for the night.
Before falling asleep Harry decided to put his cock in his mother's ass for the night to which Lily just groaned.
Dream Harry jumped at the sight in front of him, there was his father standing with three other men and two women.
He recognised one woman and one of the man as his grandparents but other three were foreign to him.
"Hello son" James with a smile reached out and hugged Harry.
Harry had tears in his eyes after seeing his dad.
After the reunion Harry greeted his grandparents, his grandpa gave him a hug while his grandma kissed him deeply.
He was staring at the three unknowns with curiosity.
"Harry meet your ancestors.
You had heard the story of the three brothers right. "
to which Harry nodded hos head.
"you see they are the brothers from the story, well the youngest two are, the eldest is their sister.
Years had changed the story so much that they didn't even have the correct genders anymore."
stopping his rambling he then with the help of others tought Harry about their family's history which was a very obscure knowledge.
Harry came to know that his family was older than even the founders of Hogwarts but they hide the fact by their name being that of a commoner and the more famous of them tended to change their name, either to hide who they really are, or to make a separate image for themselves.
He learned how their connection with death works seeing as no other family would be able to talk from beyond the Veil as easily as they tend to do on the 11th birthday of every child of their house.
They told him of the secret vault that they have in the depths of the goblin bank.
In that dreamworld Harry come to know his dead family intimately, he came to the knowledge that he along with his ancestors are children of the incestus act between Antioch and Ignotus, how their only grand daughter ended up married to the first Potter, Hardwin Potter, thus connecting the two lines, and the bombshell to learn that Voldemort or Tom as Harry had taken a liking to call him by his given name were actually cousins, that thought still made him shudder in disgust, to think he was actually a child of Antioch and Cadmus.
There Harry got the taste of his grandmother's and many times great grandmother's pussy and arse.
He spend a lot of time fucking them in the dreamworld knowing he won't be seeing them for a long time to come.
Before he could leave though Antioch whose ass Harry was currently fucking purred in his ear "remember Harry no wand is unbeatable or could just change their alligence from one to another , it waits till it's true wielder could gain it. "
Harry awoke to find himself still buried deep in his mother's ass, as he tried to pull out he saw a lot of cum leaking from her ass, seeing this he grinned knowing he must have came a lot during the activities in his dreamworld.
He was confused by the words of Antioch but put those thoughts in the back of his mind and paid attention to the task on hand.
He started moving in her ass with slow strokes.
He remembered his father telling him how much his mother loved it to awake by being fucked.
Lily awoke to the feeling of her ass being abused, her already gushing pussy was flooding with her juices as she came with a cry feeling like when she was a teenager, the early morning fucking being too much for her already abused body from last night.
After gaining her senses she smirked, turning her head to kiss Harry.
"looks like you met up with your father there, I remember when he told me how Potters gain their inheritance. "
Harry looked at his mother with surprise.
"You knew. "
was all he was able to say.
Lily smiled and proceeded to tell him how his father had told her what usually happens when a Potter gain his or her inheritance.
Next few months were rather quite with Harry learning from his family liabrery more about his ability to use death magic, which makes AVADA KEDAVRA look like a child's toy.
Harry met up with his friends on various play dates which usually tended to become a sex feast.
Daphne absolutely loved it when Harry fucked her ass and it was evident that she would be a big anal slut someday.
During these times, just a few weeks after his birthday he got a letter from the Gringotts.
In the letter it was stated that he had to meet up with the manager of potter vaults.
The meeting was due on friday at 1pm.
On the day of meeting Harry got dressed in black fitting jeans and a forest green tank top,with his bangs covering his lightning bolt scar, while lily opted to wear a emerald colored corset dress which reached her thighs and a black cloak, with her hair down.
Lily apparted them to the back of leaky couldron, where she opened the pathway to diagon ally.
They silently went to Gringotts, Harry remembered the last time he had came to the bank, it was to cleanse him of the piece of soul stuck in his forehead.
But this time it was different, he is here to attend the matters concerning his family.
Inside after telling the reason for them coming, they were ushered to a grand office filled with different kinds of weapons.
There sitting behind the desk was a elderly goblin with a particular nasty looking scar running from his left forehead to his upper lips.
"Welcome, lady and heir Potter."
They both nodded their heads in respect, "It's good to see you Barnog."
greeted Harry. "
So with the pleasantries over let's get down to business.
I get it you know about the hidden Potter vault by now. "
to which they both nodded. "
good, 'cause as of your 11th birthday you have permission to enter it.
Would you like to wait or go there now?"
after lisening to the question Harry looked to Lily, both having a silent conversation.
"Yes, we would like to enter the vauld now."
With this they followed Barnog to a cart.
After settling down they zoomed past different vaults.
They passed dragons, waterfall and then finally reached a cavern which was covered by a solid stone gate with the symbol of Deathly Hallows on it.
"only someone who has Peverell blood could open it. "
Barnog then instructed Harry to place his hand on the middle of the circle, as he did so he felt a prick on his palm.
As his blood touched the gate it opened with a bang, Harry and Lily entered it while Barnog stayed behind as standard procedur.
isclaimer : I own nothing but plot.
It's pure smut with oc and ooc characters so if you don't like it leave now.
Sorry last chapter came to a cliffhanger, because of it I am posting this rather short one describing the events that happened in the vault, and a sence after it of Emeralda since I neglected her presence by only mentioning her once in last chapter.
And whomever has come to understand the wand hint which could be everyone, yes it would be one of those fics but it would take sometime for Harry to become almighty.
Chapter 3 The first part of the vault was filled to brim with gold, silver, precious jewels and furniture.
They strolled from there not giving the money much thought.
They found three adjacent doors through the main chamber.
The first door led them to an armory, where they found various different swords and armors, including goblin made ones.
In that room Harry found two daggers with dark green hilt, it was a work of art, with rich design and a very sharp edge it was literally a killer beauty.
After taking the daggers with him they went to the next door which turned out to be a portrait room with tones of pictures of various deceased family members.
In there Harry's eyes laid on a wall with a big portrait of the Peverell siblings, doing every kind of perverted act one could think up of.
One movement the brothers were sucking their sister's boobs, the next they were inside of her and fucking her roughly.
The duo stood there for a while, watching them fuck like rabbits.
They were so aroused that Harry's cock was practically poking from his zip and Lily's puffy pussy lips peaking out from her raised dress.
Without furthur delay Harry went behind his mum and lowered the upper part of her dress and started pinching her pink nipples with one hand, while his other went downwards to her pussy.
Lily moaned in ecstasy as Harry started to increased the numbers of fingers inside of her going upto four, he slowly took his other hand off her breast and put two fingers in her ass too.
Lily came hard because of the sudden insertation, she withered in his arms, not having enough strength to stand on her own, as he pulled out his fingers out of her she grabbed both his hands and sucked her pussy and ass clean of them.
After she came down from high, turning her head she gave him a wet kiss, quickly sinking down on her knees she give him a sultry smile and said "take it off son".
Returning her smile Harry undid his zip and got out of his pants as soon as he can.
Lily leaned down to kiss the head of his cock, after slowly licking his cock from head to base and sucking his balls, she took the head in her mouth and started to tease it with her tounge.
Gradually she took his whole 6" long cock in her mouth, she stayed like that for a while, enjoying her child's full length in her mouth.
After a few minutes in her masterful mouth made him cum, Lily happily swallowed his load without any discomfort .
Few minutes later they decided that it was better to continue later on in their own place.
They made a swift exit from the room and went on to the next one which to both of their delight was filled with books, the wast size of the liabrery was more than any they have ever seen.
Harry saw a list on the table in one corner of the room, the big mahogany desk was in a very pristine condition, Harry picked up the list and to his delight found that it mentions where different sections of books were present, he showed Lily the list and both of them went to explore.
After a few minutes they met up on the front, wishing that they could have more time in there.
The last room much to their shock turned out to be a bedroom with every essentials present there from clothes to food .
Inside they found another door and on front of it, a trunk, on the top of the trunk was another note which stated - " Members of my family, this trunk is built with the help of temporal magic, which connects the trunk to the door present before.
Inside there is a small house with a backyard filled with potion ingredients.
To open the trunk please press your palm on it and it will take a bit of your blood for security , after that to shrink the trunk simply pass your magic through it and to un-shrink it simply do the same again.
This trunk can be used as hiding place or as a safe house when a problem arises or any other purpose.
I hope it may aid you best in your time of need. "
Reading the note brought a smile on both their faces.
It solved their problem of using the library present in the vault.
After a few minutes of exploring the both decided it was time to leave, so Lily shrunken the trunk and they got out of there with big smiles upon their faces.
Seeing them coming out Barnog raised a eyebrow at their appearance, they just shuggered at the look they were eceiving from him.
They got in the cart and left to the surface, there as the time come for them to go there separate ways, Harry turned to Barnog and with a cut nod said " Thank you for your time , may your Gold flow as does the heads of your enemy and as does the cunt of your whores."
with the parting words the mother son duo left the bank.
After they crossed the anti-apparition wards Lily quickly apparted them to the Potter island, Lily's position as the lady of house Potter allows her to enter directly in the house rather than walk from the beach to there, as they went upstairs they tried to make a run to Lily's room but were stopped in their tracks by a very angry Emeralda.
-: Where in the name of hell have you two had ran off?
Leaving me alone, without even telling me.
:- she hissed with venom in her mouth(no pun).
Harry was at a loss of words since they had been kind of neglecting the basilisk and he was genuinely feeling upset for what he had done.
-: umm.. You want something in form of my apologies, I will give you anything you want promise, just forgive me for this once and I will never ever again do anything of this sort.
:- Harry pleaded to her, at last she agreed in exchange of twenty mice everyday for a month.
Harry couldn't have agreed much faster.
Lily just stood there watching, understanding from the look on her son's face that Emeralda was angry with them, after years of seeing them bicker it was easy for her to read them.
After the confrontation with the snake they were finally inside her room.
Lily in her frustrating arousal decided to just vanish their clothing. "
well it seems you are very hungry for your son's cock, aren't you mother, you big slut."
Harry teased his mother.
Lily in reply said nothing but climbed on the bed and spread her legs giving Harry a good view of her cunt and asshole.
Harry giving into his temptation jumped on bed and started sucking on her boobs and plungged his cock in her gushing cunt.
Because of Harry's love for her milk Lily had used the lactation charm on her self so much time that it became a habit for her to reapply it daily.
Harry sucked till he felt her milk in his mouth and raised his fucking speed a notch, Lily cried out in pleasure as her tits and pussy were stimulated at the same time.
This continued until they both had cummed several time, after it Harry spread his mother's ass cheeks and then plungged himself in her ass fully.
Harry spent a few moments buried inside of her enjoing the warmth of his mother's ass, then he started fucking her like no tommorow.
This continued throughout the night till they both fell asleep with Harry still inside her ass.
Lily's personal elf popped in there to cover them in comforter and then left, leaving the incestous duo to sleep covered in semen and milk as they liked it that way to wake u.
eah the comment of Emeralda was for mme because in last chapter which was supposed to be till this.
So this chapter is for you guy.
hank you to every one who liked, folloewed or reviewed the fic.
Next chapter Shopping, Hogwarts express and most important wand, of course there will be a twist in the wand.
ooo sorry i wasn't able to post I'm in the middle of exam, still and the next next chapter too would come out late.
I eould try to be faster this time but let see.
so here is shopping and hogwarts express and the next would be sorting and classes.
if you wish for something pm me and if it fits with the plot i would add it.
And thank you guys very much for your support.
Disclaimer : I own nothing but plot.
It's pure smut with oc and ooc characters so if you don't like it leave now.
Chapter 4 It was July, 31st 1995.
Harry's 15th birthday, this year he would be going to Hogwarts.
In the last four years he had grown much, learning through his family's island and vault's library.
He still wasn't able to do much on controlling death magic but had made considerable development in battle transfiguration.
He had found that certain spells when used in parseltounge tend to be more powerful but other than that there wasn'tmuch due to the lack of books on the subject, seeing as no Potter before him was a parseltounge there was no hope of finding those books in there.
He awoke to the familiar sensation of his cock being sucked, as he opened his eyes he was greeted by the aroma of pussy and found his face only inches apart from his mum's cunt, with a full blown smile he put his tongue on her clit and sucked, his two fingers started probing and stretching her cunt.
He pushed his toung inside her and lapped at her juices.
While he was lapping at her cunt Lily, took hold of his balls and started to massage them, she took her mouth off of his cock and started sucking his balls by putting them in her mouth.
After sucking hiss sack, she put his head in her mouth again and started swirling her tounge all around it, she took his dick deeper and deeper inside her till she reached the base.
Feeling his mother gagging on his cock, Harry raised his tempo and started munching on her with new-found energy.
Lily feeling ecstatic from the ministrations of her son started moaning like the wanton slut she is, the vibrations of her moans on his dick encouraged Harry to start licking her ass.
"oh... Baby. "
Lilly screamed while taking a breathe. "
Lick your mummy's asshole.
Lick it good."
Lily after a while took his cock back in her mouth and went back to deep throating him.
Harry was always amazed by his mum's talent when it come to deep throating, seeing how she was taking his 9" rod in her mouth.
Harry in return was exploring her rear with greater detail, drinking in the arousal.
It was a blessing that sodomizing charms, that had been there for as long as anyone can remember, that he had no problems in doing so.
Due to his ministrations Lily was screaming his name in no time which were muffled due to Harry's cock still being in her mouth.
Seeing his mother was near to cumming he pulled out of her ass and continued his assult to her pussy.
Lily came screaming and the vibrations were enough to send Harry over the edge.
Both happily drinking each others arousal.
-: bloody humansss can't even control their mating habitsss.
:- XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxX Lily and Harry were having breakfast after the morning full of others cum, when a tawny owl entered the manor through the open window in kitchen.
It landed on front of Harry, who seeing the letter tied to it's leg smiled and gave the owl a piece of bacon.
Just then Emeralda appeared on the table and hissed angrily, -: who isss the bird hachling?
For your own ssafty give me a good explanation otherwise... :- Seeing her eyes flashing was enough of a reason for Harry to start speaking or hissing.
-: the owl is jusst delivering my Hogwartss letter, you don't have to be jel.. er angry at her.
:- seeing the error of his speak he was fast to change the wording otherwise being subjected to ire of the basilisk.
Lily just smiled at her son's antics, remembering the time when she had gotten the letter, even though Severus had told her about magic, she was doubtful to wether or not she would get invited to Hogwarts or any other school for that matter.
Letter HOGWARTS SCHOOLof WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf.
Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed.
of Wizards) Dear Mr H. Potter, Heir Bedroom, second floor, Potter Island manor, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted atHogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipmen.
erm begins on1 September.
We await your owl by no later than31 July.
Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXx HOGWARTS SCHOOLof WITCHCRAFTand WIZARDRY UNIFORM First-year students will require: 1.
Three sets of plain workrobes(black) 2.
One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear 3.
One pair of protective gloves (dragonhide or similar) 4.
One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings) Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags.
COURSE BOOKS All students should have a copy of each of the following: The Standard Book of Spells(Grade 1) byMiranda Goshawk A History of Magic byBathilda Bagshot Magical Theory byAdalbert Waffling A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration byEmeric Switch One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi byPhyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions byArsenius Jigger Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them byNewt Scamander The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection byQuentin Trimble OTHER EQUIPMENT 1wand 1cauldron(pewter, standard size 2) 1 set glass or crystal phials 1telescope 1 setbrass scales Students may also bring, if they desire, anowl OR acatOR atoad.
PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICK Yours sincerely, Lucinda Thomsonicle Pocus Chief Attendant of Witchcraft Provisions XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxX "uh.. Mum how did they know, where my freaking bedroom is? "
Harry asked bewildered.
Lily laughed and told him about the Hogwarts admittance book and quill, and their unique magic to register any and all magical children who are eligible to join Hogwarts .
Harry quickly wrote his acceptance, and tied it to owl's talon not wanting to be not able to go to the school, seeing how today was the last day to submit the acceptance letter.
Later that evening, people started coming to the island, they don't knew the exact location but were keyed in the wards to enter through floo.
Emeralda was in Harry's room not wanting to be in between the crowd of humans.
There were more people this time from his 11th birthday, there was Remus Lupin who was not present on his 11th birthday because that day just happened to be a full moon, and him being a werewolf he wasn't to.
Harry loved his uncle Moony and was very upset at him not coming but understanding his situation perked up to him in no time.
There was Andromeda Tonks with her daughter Nymphadora (call me that and die), her husband Ted had died two years back in a accident regarding a muggle client of his, as he oprated in both worlds as a lawyer.
The eldest Black sister and her doughter both were reinstate in the family by Sirius a few years back after he took up his lordship.
The party was going in full swing, with everyone mingling together.
Harry was with Neville, Susan, Daphne, Astoria and Lyra.
Lyra was on Harry's lap, with him playing with the 12 year old's breasts, tweaking her nipples he tore out a moan from her.
Lily walked over to them and smiled at them, "Harry, it's time to cut the cake baby.
Now everyone, come to the center. "
House elves brought the table with a Potter island look-alike cake, there were various images floating over it, in every image there was Harry with Lily in various forms of sexual acts but still there was one picture which surprised everyone, it was of of James fucking Lily in her ass while she was feeding little Harry on a couch.
Harry looked at Lily with unshed tears and happines mixed in his eyes, while she just smiled and mouthed to him 'later'.
He cut the cake and quickly put that cake in Lily's mouth who ate it hungrily, while sucking his fingers.
Dinner was a fast affair.
Everyone went to the hall dedicated to these orgies.
XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxX The party two day's ago was amazing and lustful, everyone had enjoyed themselves throughout the event.
"So Harry looks like we have got to do some shopping, what do you say we get Neville and others to join us. "
when Lily asked him this he was of two minds, whether to say no and be tortured alone by his mother or, say yes and let Neville too be tortured by the united group of ladies.
At last the selfish part which didn't wanted to be tortured alone won and he replied, "sure mum, it would be great."
Lily went too the fireplace and stated floo calling others, starting with Sophia Greengrass.
"hey Sophia. "
"Lily it's good to see you. "
" so Daphne had done her shopping or what. "
" no, we were actually planning about it right now. "
After a few more idle chat Lily asked her to join them on the shopping trip to which came an excited yes as answer.
Then she called to Amelia who said she probably won't be able to come herself but they should take Susan with them.
After that she called Alice who replied in affirmative.
After breakfast Harry went to his room to get dressed, he decided on a black full sleeve T-shirt, blue jeans and black boots to go with it.
He went downstairs and met up with Lily who had opted to wear a red colored backless mini-dress with flower patterns on it.
Lily apparted them in apparition point in diagon ally and from there they walked up to Madam Malkins shop and waited for others, soon afterwards Alice and Neville joined them and a few minutes after that Daphne, Sophia and Susan.
They first went for clothes, all four children were giving measurements for their uniforms, when Mcgonagall walked in with a bushy haired girl.
Seeing her former students she showed the girl to Madam Malkin to take her measurements and walked on to talk to them. "
hello" Susan always the one to socialize said.
"Hey" " you are muggleborn, aren't you. "
" yeah, my name is Hermione Granger.
And you. "
" I am Susan Bones, and these are my friends, Daphne, Harry and Neville. "
she said indicating to them one by one.
They too said their greetings, and started to mingle with Hermione.
"So where are your parents. "
Daphne asked her. "
Prof. Mcgonagall said they were not allowed to enter the magical world so I came with her."
" oh yeah!
my mum told me about it a while back something about them not being able to understand our customs and rules. "
said Harry uncertainly.
Meanwhile Minerva was talking with her former students and groping them since she hadn't been able to do that to them in a long time.
They all were enjoing their time and decided to shop together.
After clothing which they were supposed to get in the afternoon, they went to other shops and took the necessary things, and at the end they all walked in to Ollivander's shop. "
ah you all came here together, that's quite a record for so many to came at the same time."
Ollivander said creeping behind from them.
Minerva like others was creeped out, even after all these years of seeing this happening doesn't make it any better.
After his famous speech on wandlore, Daphne went first to get her wands and only after a few tries got it.
Her's is holly with a female ashwinder's ash basked in the heat of their sex, 7 3/4".
Next was Neville who got a cherry with a male unicorns hair covered in the cum of both male and female, 11".
After him it was Hermione and her's came out to be 10 3/4" vine wood and a dragon's milk as core.
Then it was Susan and her wand was yew with a dragon cum as core 8 1/2".
Lastly it was Harry's turn, after trying many wands he finally found his wand 11" holly with phoenix tail feather covered with a female thestral's cum.
"curious. "
"what is Mr.
Ollivander?
"Harry asked. "
I remember every wand I have ever sold Mr. Potter.
It is curious that you are destined for this wand when it's brother gave you the infamous scar of yours" Harry gulped hearing this but Ollivander continued "13 1/2" yew, Phoenix feather covered in nymph's cunt juices, powerfull and in the wrong hands. "
The situation became rather tensed up hearing those words, which even the over charged sexual magic of teenagers was not able to break.
After that they paid for their wands and left there swiftly.
They went on to the ice-cream shop to grab a bite.
After ordering their favorite flavours and for Hermione a Hogwarts special, which containend veela's pussy juices as icing.
They started to chat idley.
After ice cream, Harry and Lily said their goodbye to the others and left through apparition.
They had just apparted in the foyer, when Lily asked one of the elves to take their things upstairs.
XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxX 1st of September Harry and Lily arrived at the King Cross station at 10:30 am, half an hour early because Lily was afraid that they would get late.
Harry was pushing his trolley forward while she was walking besides him.
Emeralda was coiled around his stomach under his shirt as to not be noticed.
Harry had to beg the snake to remain hidden as his parseltounge abilities were known only to the few close family friends, and he was in no hurry to announce it to the world.
"Ready? "
was the question Lily asked him, knowing that this was a very big step, after today she would only be able to meet up with him through the dimentional trunk they had found in the vault. "
Yup. "
Harry replied very excitingly, he was looking forward to boarding the train to Hogwarts.
He was sad about leaving but also thrilled about going to the old castle.
Padfoot and Moony had told him about The Maraduars, and their almighty map which, sadly they had lost in their last year unfortunately.
He had planned to find the map, whatever it takes.
Harry was ready to run into the portal to platform 9 3/4, when Lily put her hand on his sholder and said, "together " and they ran towards it.
On the other side they were greeted by the sight of various other families gathered there to say goodbyes.
They searched for the Longbottoms and found them, near the piller next to the entrance.
They chatted for a while, till the whisle for train's departure sounded.
They bid there parents farewell and promising to write them as soon as they can.
The boys ran to find a compartment, so they could relax.
Once inside he asked Emeralda to get inside the trunk to not scare the others, since Neville knew about him being a parseltounge it wasn't a problem.
Soon Daphne entered the compartment with Susan in toe, "see I told you, we would find them, Susan. "
They laughed and greeted each other with a kiss.
There was silence for a few minuets until Daphne jumped towards Neville and fished out his semi hard cock from his pants and gave his head a few lickes and then took it halfway in her mouth ; never the one to skip an opportunity Susan pulled her skirt up and gave Harry a sultry smile which he returned and slid between her legs.
He started by putting two fingers in her cunt and then with them still inside, staeted licking her pussy.
He clamped his mouth on it and gave a kiss to her pussy.
He then started sucking on her clit making her stiffen and cry out in pleasure.
Daphne was bobbing her head on Neville's cock, his moans of pleasure making her go faster, her hands found their way down to his balls and started massaging them.
This made him come nearer to his peak, with a jerk he grabbed hold of her head and started thrusting in her mouth, he warned her and came directly in her mouth, Daphne drank some of his load and kept the rest in her mouth, then she walked over to Susan and Harry and kissed Susan pushing Neville's cum in her mouth and showing it to the boys.
Harry's cock was hard enough but after the girl's show he couldn't take anymore of it he discarded his clothes and was going to push in Susan, when the door opened.
On the other side stood Hermione, with a tomato red face after seeing the way the occupants of the compartment were dressed or the lack of . "
You know you are free to join us right Hermione, now don't stand there just come in."
The words fell out of Daphne's mouth.
Soon after she joined them, they went back to enjoing their carnal activities.
Susan was impaled on Harry's cock and was bouncing on him while, groping and kissing Hermione who was being eaten out by the sinful toung of Harry.
Hermione was in heaven, Harry was so skillful with his toung that she was getting more and more crazed to get fucked by him like Susan was.
Neville was busy pumping in and out of Daphne's arsehole, he was groping her tits while her fingers were pinching her clit, bringing her closer to climax.
She was enjoing the feeling her ass being stuffed.
Soon all the five members were cumming, but before they could go any further the heard the announcement, that they were reaching Hogsmade.
They all got hurridly dressed in there uniforms and tried to make themselves more presentable.
After they came out of train they heard a shout, " first year come this way.
"and they found the half-giant groundskeeper of Hogwarts.
They followed him to the lake where he instructed them to climb in the boats present there.
Four people in a boat as he had told them all Hermione got separated from them.
With the boats going forward, they all got their first look of Hogwarts and the only word they have for it was MAGNIFICENT.
The castle was lit up with a other worldly glory.
They reached the caslte and Hagrid knocked on the double doors present there.
XxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXxXDisclaimer : I own nothing but plot.
It's pure smut with oc and ooc characters so if you don't like it leave now.
Sorry for the wait, my exams are near so there might be another long wait for next 3 months.
I am amazed by the amount of people who liked it and are following, thank you guys.
This chapter is from Lily's pov.
Enjoy.
XXXX Chapter 5 Lily returned back from the King's Cross, feeling rather lonely all these years she had gotten so used to Harry always being with her, taking care of her lust; now her baby boy was in Hogwarts, she had made sure to get the invisibility cloak in his trunk with a note that read, "Have fun. "
She removed her clothing after reaching her bedroom and from her night stand grabbed a few of her toys.
She then went to the study and pulled out the Potter family pensive.
She grabbed her wand and pulled out a few memories and stored them in the nearby vials.
She then poured in the one from when she was 11 and Mcgonagall first came to meet her.
Before diving into the memory she pushed in her buttblug inside her ass and started teasing her pussy with the vibrator.
Flashback 11 year old Lily knew she was diffrent from the rest of her family, they all had seen things which defy logic happening in her presence, her parents saw this but they never thought ill of her, her sister on the other hand she was jealous, Petunia hated the attention she got from their parents.
Lily knew that she was a witch, Severus made sure to tell her after he saw her making a flower bloom during winter, he is very cute but whenever she asks him to tell more about being a witch, he blushes and ran of.
ther than the obvious signs that she was diffrent, she had developed much before her friends, even some older girls didn't have a body as devloped as her, and on top of that she always had an urge to masterbate, she was sure her mother knew about that bit but since she never said anything she can't be sure.
And then, one week after her birthday a woman named Minerva Mcgonagall came to her house and dropped the bomb on her family, not her since she already knew about herself being a witch.
After a quick demonstration with turning the nearby table into a pig and back, her whole family was sure of the fact.
Petunia ran upstairs angrily, it hurted Lily to see her sister acting like this.
Then after talking with Mcgonagall for longer and gaining more information on the wizarding world, her parents felt a bit of relief and the joy of learning there is a diffrent world out there and their youngest is a part of it.
After some more talking it was decided that Lily will go with professor Mcgonagall the next weekend to visit the magical shopping district of London.
XXXX The next week Lily accompanying Mcgonagall went to a pub called The Leaky Cauldron, it was a rundown building and not people seem not to notice it, she went inside with her and found the sence inside very erotic, the people were in very revealing clothing, which she wasn't sure should be called clothing since it didn't seem to hide anything at all; and some of them were having sex right there in front of everyone to see.
She turned to question Mcgonagall and found a woman in her twenties with round boobs and a shapely ass in a black open cloak, knee length black stockings with heels and other than that nothing at all.
Her facial features told her that the woman... No the hot woman standing in front of her is indeed Mcgonagall, her jaw dropped at the complete transformation.
Minerva chuckled at the face of Lily and asked her to sit down on the nearby empty table, which she complied still shocked.
After sitting down herself she waved her wand and muttered a quick spell, and looking at Lily said, "Privacy charm."
Minerva then explained to the young witch,"the libido of witches and wizards is very high also there is no taboo on incest here, so inbreeding is quite normal.
The high libido had made our ancestors devlope a community which turned to the one you see before yourself."
Seeing the young witch nod and looking around with lust in her eyes she continued, " You are able to accept it so easily because you are a witch yourself, others... find it hard to belive sometimes even more than magic, sweaing is also very common and it would be better if you start using words such as pussy and cock.
At 15 when I'll take you here to do shopping you can get your self some toys and... You can't wear these clothes here.
"She pointed to the young girl's dress, with a wave of her wand it changed into a revealing dress,"Much better" Lily looked at her new attire and was amazed with how good she was looking.
Minerva showed her some key shops of the diagon alley in case she came back here.
After watching the sights of the alley, the young witch was feeling very hot, her pussy was practically dripping.
Minerva took her to the ice cream store, there after giving there orders the two sat down, Minerva made Lily sit on her lap and placed her hands on the young girl's cunt and started teasing her, Lily moaned at the feeling, she was more turned on with the fact that anyone can see them.
Minerva slowly slid a digit in the wet lips of the horny young witch and started to speed up her pace, she also made sure to give her budding breastes and her small clit some attention .
Soon Lily was moaning out loud and cumming on her expert finger, them becoming too much for the inexperienced girl.
After it they ate their ice creams and Minerva dropped off Lily after changing her dress back.
Before leaving and making sure no one was wathing she gave Lily a kiss and said, "I'll be waiting for you miss Evans.
Have a good day. "
Lily returned from the memory of her first introduction to the magical world and found the sheets wet from her juices and her pussy still aching for more.
She then perked up, she was sure there is still some time till the train reches Hogwarts meaning Severus will be free and then Horace is mostly free these days.
She went to the living room with jer buttplug still inside and floo called Severus.
"Hey Sev, got some time. "
"Lily, I do have some time seeing how the train won't reach until 4 more hours.
What can I do for you? "
Severus was happy to see Lily after she fogave him they had gotten close again.
"Then come over, Sev. "
Severus flooed to the Potter manor and the sight of a naked Lily made him hard instantly, Lily smiled at his reaction and after asking him to wait a bit floo called Horace.
"Hello professor, are you free right now. "
Horace was very happy to see one of his favorite students, she was a very brilliant one and he was thinking of her potion skills not of her sexual ones, even though they are something to talk about in themselves.
"Hello Lily and please I told you to call me by my name.
And yes I am infact free now, do you wish for something dear? "
"Yes can you come over, please. "
"Certainly. "
He flooed there and same as his successor got instantly hard at the sight.
She led both men to her bed, during their walk up both men came to see the buttplug in her ass and gave her a slap on each cheek, making the slut giggle.
As soon as they reached her bed both men discarded their clothing and started feasting on her full breasts.
Severus's hands found thier way inside her pussy while Horace started playing with her buttplug.
Lily was feeling giddy with both men pleasing her.
Soon she found herself laying down on her back with the buttplug out of her ass and into her mouth.
With Severus inside her pussy and Horace in her ass.
The dual simulation from the potion masters making her moan out loud.
They both were pounding her holes mercilessly, and calling her a good slut, they quickened their pace and started to go all out on her.
Soon they were cumming inside of her, their warm cum inside of her triggering her own orgasm.
They lied down for a while till they both got hard inside of her, making her smile, they withdrawed out of her holes and swapped position.
She was laying on top of Severus, facing Horace who entered her pussy.
They continued on with their carnal activities.
They stopped only after unloading several more loads on and in Lily, and the reason for stopping was Severus needing to return back to school.
After Lily sent him away with a kiss and squeezing his cock, she turned back to her old professor and said, "Well Horace if you still got time we can continue. "
Horace was very willing to her suggestion, and they both returned back to her room and continued on where they left off.
This time he again entered her ass and grabbed her buttplug as well coating it in the mixed cum of both men and again pushing it in her mouth.
After unloading a few more loads inside of her, they went to the living room, still naked and cum still dripping from Lily's well fucked holes.
They talked about past days and their current life for a while, before Horace decided to leave.
As he was leaving Lily decided to give him a blowjob and sucked his cock back to life, she looked him in the eyes and continued to lick and suck him until he shot one more load in her mouth.
After Horace left, Lily made herself dinner and after eating it went to sleep deciding to clean herself the following morning.
As she slept she hoped to hear from Harry soon, already missing the nights sleeping with his young cock up either of her holes.
XXXX Please review, and give your suggestions on some sexual games to add alongside quidditch.
