Harry felt the world constrict around him, like he was being shoved with great force up a very narrow tube, and then the sensation ended abruptly as the world exploded into bright orange light.
He barely had the chance to realise that he was staring straight into a street lamp when the feeling came right back and he had to fight not to choke.
They emerged in a starlit alleyway between two dusty brick buildings.
The unpleasant reek of decaying rubbish wafted up Harry's nostrils as he inhaled deeply and rapidly.
He wanted to hold his breath, but his body wouldn't allow it, deprived of air as it was, so he was forced to take in the nauseating smell.
It made trying not to vomit twice as hard, but somehow, Harry managed as he swallowed convulsively.
He turned to the cloaked man to ask what that had been and where they were now, because there was just no way that the horrible thing had been normal, but the man was not even looking at him.
Harry tugged at the hand holding him, but the grip remained vice-like and the man's attention remained diverted as he muttered under his breath.
Something rough was pressed against his occupied hand, and Harry glanced down to see a length of rope brushing his thumb.
That was all he could process before he felt himself launch into the air, doubling over as something dragged him along like there was a hook behind his navel.
A myriad of dizzying colours swirled around him, and he had to shut his eyes to keep from projectile vomiting.
Fortunately, the turbulence was not as bad with closed eyes, and he only felt like he was bobbing gently in the wind.
Were they flying?
What was this?
It was a bit too much for Harry's mind to process, and he was so confused that the concept of mere confusion no longer covered the situation.
He had about a minute of being pulled along by that funny hook-like feeling and keeping his eyes screwed shut before the almost pleasant journey ended and he was unceremoniously dumped onto the ground, face first.
Groaning and rubbing at his bruised jaw, Harry opened his eyes and pushed himself off the floor.
The cloaked man was beside him, blocking most of the view, but Harry could see that they had landed inside a small room with stained wood floors and mottled white walls.
There wasn't much furniture in the room, just an uncomfortable-looking wooden chair, a short filing cabinet, and a couple of cushions littered about.
The roof was heavily slanted, leading Harry to believe that they were in an attic of some sort.
For some reason, there was a large, slanted fireplace against one wall that looked completely incongruous with the rest of the room.
But first things came first.
"What was that?"
Harry demanded, once he felt less like throwing up.
His stomach was still churning, but at least it did not seem as eager to leap out of his mouth as it did a moment ago.
"Two times apparition and then portkey.
Safety precaution," the man said, as if something other than complete nonsense had just come out of his mouth.
Harry wanted to ask what the a bloody portkey was, but obviously it was exactly the thing that had just happened, the minute-long adventure of being dragged along by his spine.
Though it was an appropriate answer to his question, Harry also found it supremely unenlightening.
The cloaked man left Harry there on the ground, moving to the filing cabinet and pulling out the second drawer.
He had to stoop down to reach it, and shuffled around a bit before he came out with a sheaf of papers.
He came back and motioned for Harry to get up, which he did.
It just occurred to him that he had no idea where he was, what was going on, or even what the man's name was.
Harry felt a little stupid now, and a tinge of fear crept into his heart.
He kept it at bay, telling himself that nothing actually bad had happened yet.
And there were things he could do, questions he could ask, to fix all that.
"What's your name?"
he asked, deciding to start with the basics.
The cloaked man made a little amused sound.
"Joachim Petri, but you will address me as Master, if you must," he said.
"And what is your name, Apprentice?"
Harry was still not entirely sure what that word meant, but he replied dutifully, "Harry Potter, sir."
In this room now instead of in the middle of the play park, Harry got the sense that this man was to be respected.
"Harry, then," said Petri, and Harry was not sure he was comfortable with the man using his first name, but he also was not comfortable bringing it up.
"I have here the apprenticeship contract.
I keep many copies.
Otherwise I run out too quickly."
At the time, Harry did not fully grasp the ominousness of this casual admission.
He took the sheaf of unexpectedly thick and yellowy papers from Petri, and saw with consternation that even the writing was all nonsense.
Harry was not very good at reading, but even he could tell that none of the words on the page were English.
"Er, I can't read this, sir," he said, feeling a little stupid as he said it despite knowing that he wasn't meant to be able to read something like that.
"Problematic.
You must learn German as soon as possible," Petri said.
Still, he flicked his hand and suddenly there was a stick in it, and with a flourish he tapped it against the paper.
To Harry's astonishment, the words wriggled slightly and then transformed before his eyes.
He looked more closely and could see that he knew most of them now.
"What was that?"
he asked.
"Translation charm, obviously," Petri replied, though Harry could not see what was obvious about it.
He had more questions, but could sense that Petri was impatient, and he knew from experience that impatient adults were not nice adults, so he tried to read the text instead.
It was all very confusing, even if he knew the words, and before he had even made it through a third of the first page, a feather was forcefully shoved into his hands.
"Just sign it," Petri said, clearly even more impatient than he had been before.
"It's a standard apprenticeship contract.
No tricks."
As he spoke, he pulled the papers from Harry, shuffled them so that the bottom page was on top, and handed it back.
Harry took them absently, staring in confusion at the feather in his hand, but he quickly realized that the bottom of it was thin and pointy, so it was probably a fancy pen.
"It's a blood quill," Petri said, gesturing at the feather pen.
"You need no other ink."
Feeling trepidation but also pressure from Petri's clear irritation, Harry knelt down, set the papers on the ground, and pressed the nub of the "blood quill" to the line.
As he drew the first vertical slash of his name, he gasped and discovered for himself just where the "blood" part of the name had come from.
The red line that sliced like fire into the back of his hand disappeared as quickly as it had come, and Harry would have thought that he had daydreamed it, except that the spot still ached with echoes of the earlier pain.
A vertical stroke glistened on the page in bright red beneath his quill.
The casual prompt of "Go on," from Petri told Harry that this was apparently supposed to happen.
Even he knew that there was something wrong with a pen that cut into the back of his hand, but he supposed that since the marks had vanished, it was fine to use.
Bracing himself, he quickly wrote down the rest of his name in a sloppy cursive, like he had seen Uncle Vernon do with signatures.
A stinging trail carved itself into the back of his hand, but when he inspected it he could see that it had healed perfectly, without even a trace.
"Good," Petri said, finally sounding pleased.
A/N: Short chapters, but hopefully I will be able to pull off some reasonably quick updates.
Please read and revie.
s it turned out, life as Master Petri's apprentice was only a slight upgrade from life at the Dursleys.
If the Dursleys had treated Harry like a servant, then Master Petri treated him like a glorified servant.
In particular, Harry still had to cook, and more often than not, he still did not get to eat what he made.
Instead of sleeping in a cupboard under the stairs, he slept in Master Petri's closet, because the house only had one bedroom, and the attic was for receiving "special" clients.
Right after he signed the contract, Master Petri had forced him to hold an orb that was enchanted to glow a garish red if he lied and started interrogating him about his life.
Most of it turned out to be about the Dursleys, and though Harry found them uncomfortable to talk about, it wasn't as though he had had a choice.
This topic had suitably distracted Master Petri from whatever else he had wanted to ask, as the man had worked himself into a rage, thoroughly denouncing the Dursleys as muggle scum.
He had then proceeded to treat Harry in much the same way, though Harry still found Master Petri a sight more tolerable than his relatives.
At least they weren't related.
Somehow, though Harry was not sure how, he had managed to completely gloss over the fact that he had had no idea that magic existed before his first meeting with Master Petri.
The man was still under the impression that Harry's parents were a witch and wizard, and Master Petri was so adamant about how mudbloods were useless for everything except fuel for "special" rituals that Harry would do anything to keep it that way.
Actually, for the first week, Harry had been worried that he would be the next to die in the attic for one of Master Petri's "special" orders, because Harry clearly was as muggle as they came, but after an incident in which he lost his temper and set Master Petri's robes on fire, he had thankfully become convinced otherwise.
Instead of getting angry and cursing him, Master Petri had been delighted at this development and had declared that Harry was ready to start the "other thing" the next day.
Which was today.
Master Petri was usually pretty straightforward, but on this subject he would always say "special" or "other" and completely skirt around the topic.
Still, Harry had enough of an idea of what the "other thing" was to feel uncomfortable, namely that it involved the attic, mudbloods, and blood, the possible results of which did not take too much imagination to guess at.
"I am enchanter in the day, and in the evening I work on the other thing.
You are too young for enchanting, so I will first teach you about the other," Master Petri said, ushering Harry up the trapdoor of the attic.
The master then repeated the sentence in German, and Harry did his best to try to distinguish all the sounds.
He had two magical things to help him learn a completely new language: a special potion, and a glass ball filled with smoke called a remembrall.
It was one of the many enchanted items produced by his teacher, and the smoke inside it turned different colours depending on his state of mind.
It was also supposed to slowly improve his memory, though he was still not sure about that part actually being true.
Master Petri was merciless, and expected Harry to remember sentences after the first time he heard them.
If Harry could not understand something that Master Petri thought he could, Harry would promptly be hit by the lashing curse, which was a horrible invention that burned like strong whip strokes but left no marks.
It was Master Petri's favourite punishment for light infractions.
Harry didn't want to know what the punishment for heavy infractions was.
Master Petri had said that, in this business, one needed to know English, German, Russian, and Norwegian at the minimum.
Harry was not looking forward to learning even more languages, at least not using Master Petri's questionable methods.
The moment Harry pushed himself through the hole in the attic floor, he had to gape at the completely new look of the place.
For one, it was about four times as big as it had been before.
The fireplace was no longer crooked, and there were actual chairs and tables around, including several long worktables.
The walls were covered in cabinets of all shapes, colours, and sizes, and there was large, square patch of stone floor in the centre of the room.
Catching his amazed look, Master Petri explained, "I have keyed you to the wards."
Then Harry had to scramble to pay attention to note the translation of the sentence.
Then he realized that he was as confused as ever, but that this was definitely some magic thing.
He was probably supposed to know about it already, so he kept his mouth shut and nodded as if he understood.
Master Petri beckoned for him to follow, so Harry went with him to the far end of the room, where there was a row of cabinets in a light-coloured wood.
The master opened up the biggest door and Harry was greeted with the sight of rows and rows of clear crystal phials, each filled up with a half-opaque red liquid.
Harry had the horrible idea that he knew exactly what it was.
"Drachenblut, Tierblut, Muggelblut, Zaubererblut," Master Petri recited, as he pointed to each shelf, confirming Harry's suspicions.
He looked up at the first row with the dragon blood, which was the smallest, with only five little phials.
He was not surprised, honestly, that dragons existed, though he hoped they were what he thought they were (giant, fire-breathing, winged lizards).
Then he glanced down to the biggest middle shelves of animal and muggle blood.
The amount of muggle blood stored up in those large flasks made Harry feel a little sick.
Down below, again in smaller quantities, was the wizard blood on a vial rack.
Each had a handwritten label stuck to it, though the words were too small for him to read from that distance.
"What are these for, sir?"
Harry asked, feeling that it was a safe question.
"For dynamic enchantments, one must use blood to preserve the enchantment but not lock it.
The dragon blood is best for this purpose, but it is expensive."
The face that Master Petri made at the word, "expensive," was a little funny and deepened all of his wrinkles, making him look ancient.
Harry still had no idea how old the man was.
Usually he looked approximately middle-aged, with dark brown hair peppered with steel grey and light lines around his mouth and on his forehead, but it was impossible to make a confident guess.
"The rest?"
Harry prompted.
Master Petri's hand whipped out and decked him on the side of his head.
Harry almost expected it and flinched back with the motion so that it didn't knock him silly.
"Don't interrupt."
Master Petri repeated the explanation in German, slowly enough that Harry could pick out the main words, and then continued, "Animal and muggle blood are cheap to get, but make cheap quality.
Wizard blood is better for special types of enchantment.
We use it today."
Harry remembered that he was going to learn about the special, other thing today.
He felt a little trepidation as he saw Master Petri reach out and select one of the vials in the middle of the rack.
He handed it to Harry, who took it with a little surprise and turned it to read the label.
It was someone's full name.
Presumably the blood had belonged to that person.
"Why can I learn this, when I'm too young for normal enchantment?"
Harry asked.
He winced as the question came out, because it sounded impertinent, but fortunately, Master Petri did not seem to notice.
"Static enchantment is simple and requires much power, which you do not yet have.
Special dynamic enchantment has more preparation, so you may assist," he explained.
Harry nodded, satisfied, though not yet convinced that it would be a good experience.
A moment later, his fears were confirmed as Master Petri called out, "Rosenkol!"
A small, wrinkled monstrosity clad in a ragged white sheet like a toga appeared with a piercing crack.
Later, Harry would marvel at the fact that a house elf had been named a misspelled version of a Brussel sprout.
At the moment, though, he knew neither what a house elf nor Rosenkohl was, and so was simply shocked out of his mind.
With a yelp, he leaped backward, only keeping his hold on the vial in his hand by some miracle.
Harry wanted to demand an explanation, but Master Petri was clearly unsurprised and Harry had retained enough wits to see that this was something he was supposed to know about.
He hated the nervous feeling that came up whenever that happened.
What if he had to say something about it before Master Petri had revealed enough information?
Harry forced himself to take some slow breaths.
He would worry about that when it came to it.
Master Petri barked something at the thing that was apparently named Rosenkol and it gave a familiar exclamation of, "Jawohl!"
before it vanished with the same sound of displacing air that had heralded its arrival.
"The house elf is getting the materials, and then we begin," Master Petri said, sending relief flooding through Harry.
So the thing was a house elf, whatever that was.
Harry did not particularly care now that he had the right word for it.
He was less relieved when Rosenkol returned with the "materials."
It was a corpse.
A human corpse.
Harry had to cover his face with his hands to push back his reflex desire to retch.
Master Petri saw his reaction and laughed.
He actually laughed.
Harry felt even more ill.
Even after spending some time with the man and guessing at the kind of things he did, Harry had not quite internalized the fact that Master Petri was not a nice person by any definition.
For the first time, he really felt afraid of the man – not the situation, but the man himself – and Master Petri was not even doing anything to Harry or even threatening to do anything.
The corpse was just too much.
"Ach, die Jugend," Master Petri murmured almost fondly under his breath, still chuckling a little.
Harry didn't think that his youth had anything to do with his revulsion for the dead body, but was not exactly in a position to make a comment.
Master Petri stepped closer and patted Harry on the shoulder, which did nothing to reassure him.
The master snatched the vial of wizard's blood out of Harry's grasp and shot him a small smile.
Harry was sure that this was the most cheerful he had ever seen Master Petri, which was problematic in many ways.
"Don't worry, Harry.
The first time is hard, so I will do it and you can simply watch, okay?"
Master Petri suggested.
Harry nodded numbly.
So he watched.
He stood there, unable to say or do anything, as Master Petri tapped the vial with his wand, vanishing the stopper.
The man retrieved a thin paintbrush from the worktable, cast some kind of spell on it, and then dipped it into the blood and began painting all sorts of patterns on the corpse.
When he was finished, the vial of blood was about half empty.
"These are the guide paths for the spells," Master Petri explained.
"Not necessary, but because I work with the blood, it is much easier first to prepare.
Do you remember why I use the blood?"
Harry was startled out of his stupor by the question.
Eager not to ruin Master Petri's good mood and end up having to go any nearer to the corpse, he answered quickly, "Dynamic enchantment uses blood so that it isn't, er, locked."
Master Petri nodded.
"Good.
That means that the spells can to spread to other targets until they do not have anymore power.
Also, I use the client's blood so that the spells can be controlled by him."
The general explanation done, Master Petri began casting, moving his wand precisely along the pre-drawn lines and muttering under his breath.
When he finished an entire section of marks, all on the right side, he turned and proceeded to tell Harry the function.
"These are spells for moving and controlling movement.
The other side is to make it stable.
I enchant here an inferi seed.
Do you know what that is?"
Since Master Petri had asked, Harry figured it was safe to not know.
"No, sir," he replied, shaking his head.
"An inferius is a corpse that walks.
To make a group of inferi, one requires an inferi seed to give the enchantment to the other corpses.
Therefore one does not need to enchant every corpse," Master Petri explained.
Harry's eyes darted back to the corpse, and he felt a shudder of dread at the thought of it moving on its own, despite being dead.
"A very expensive but simple order," Master Petri added, rubbing his hands together and rolling his wand between his palms.
With that, he turned back to the soon-to-be-walking corpse and continued casting.
When he finished and the body raised a trembling hand and began pushing itself to its feet, it took every ounce of courage Harry had to keep himself from turning around and running.
Master Petri had control of it, he reminded himself.
Well, he didn't know that for sure, but it seemed like an obvious assumption.
Indeed, besides standing up, the corpse only shambled around in a circle and made some clawing motions at the air before stopping as Master Petri gave an approving nod.
He flicked his wand and it collapsed, crumpling to the ground like the dead body it was supposed to be.
Then Master Petri picked up the vial of wizard blood, reached into the drawer of his worktable for an empty vial, and transferred the contents of the first.
"What are you doing, sir?"
Harry asked, his curiosity returned now that the corpse was showing no further signs of movement.
Master Petri smiled again at him, and Harry thought he had grown a little immune to the unsettling effect of it.
"Ah yes, here is a very important business advice," he began, "swear right oaths.
I have sworn: I will not use this vial of blood for any purpose other than the one stated by the client.
After completing the product, I will destroy this vial of blood."
The last part was spoken in clean English with very little trace of Master Petri's usual accent.
Harry glanced askance at the healthy volume of blood in the new vial.
It certainly did not look destroyed to him "The vial of blood certainly cannot exist without vial and blood, right?"
Master Petri said cheerfully.
He set the used vial on his work table and vanished it with a few flicks of his wand.
Harry admitted to being a little impressed.
After all, this was exactly the sort of thing he had done at the Dursleys when they told him to "get rid of" Dudley's old things, except on a much more serious scale.
A/N: Thanks to everyone who has been reading this story!
I hope you continue to read, enjoy, and review.
To IrishDancer: Your question about the contract's validity will be answered in the next chapte.
aster Petri, Harry soon found out, was full of interesting "business advice" whenever he was in a good mood.
After teaching Harry the basics of "intimidate, accommodate, and adapt," which took a few months of practice, he had put Harry up to attending the downstairs enchantment shop during the day.
He had also finally got Harry a wand, which really pleased Harry, even if he still did not like Master Petri one bit.
Though Harry still could not do any real spells, he had learned how to push some magic through the wand to create a small shower of sparks.
According to Master Petri, that was enough to activate the intruder wards on the shop if anyone came in and tried to do something unsavoury.
The wand had not "chosen" Harry, but Master Petri explained that it would work for him because it had belonged to Master Petri first, and then he had given Harry permission to use it.
Harry would get his own wand after he was freed from the apprenticeship, which, he thought dismally, might be many, many years in the future, assuming he did not die trying.
It was not exactly a dangerous occupation to be an enchanter's apprentice.
Enchantment was just a permanent version of charms, and according to the introductory books Harry had been given, the majority of charms were harmless and helpful.
When Master Petri had reviewed the material with him later, he had scoffed disdainfully and then dumped a giant tome about illegal, dark charms in Harry's lap.
Still, it remained the case that charms mistakes were not as deadly as other kinds of mistakes, and were usually easily reversed by the master.
The "other thing," however, was another story.
Harry had thought at first that the term just referred to the illegal enchantments that Master Petri did discreetly on the side, but after some time spent reluctantly participating in the preparation of "materials," Harry could only conclude that, while the art had something to do with enchantment, it should really be considered a separate subject.
Master Petri preferred to teach Harry about the "other thing" orally, and through practice, never assigning any written tests but simply quizzing him as they worked.
Thus it was a long time before Harry finally received a book about it, and by that time, he had already got over his queasiness for corpses and blood.
It had taken a lot of patience, and only when Master Petri's tolerance had run thin and he had started cursing Harry in earnest, had Harry finally put in the effort to accept his situation.
Because there was no way out, and it would be better for Harry to realise that and adapt.
Once he had signed the apprenticeship contract in blood, his life essentially belonged to Master Petri.
As long as Master Petri continued to seriously teach him about his craft, Harry had no right to complain or leave, whatever else the man did to him or demanded of him.
Harry had known nothing at the time, of course, but even the fact that he was a minor was of no help because he had signed in blood, and blood contracts were magically binding.
Magic did not care about age.
In the wizarding world, blood was a powerful thing.
And even though the Master Enchanter Joachim Petri was just another craft-wizard with a moderately successful little shop, the Master Necromancer was a dangerous wizard who had secreted away the blood of dozens of other dark wizards – in other words, who had some coercive power over dozens of dark wizards, even if they did not know it.
Necromancy.
That thing was Master Petri's real craft, the "other thing," the highly illegal and unsafe thing that had lost him three apprentices before Harry.
Master Petri always took in the unwanted sort, the bastard sons and the orphans, and when they died they were just as unwanted as when they lived, so no one asked any funny questions.
But even in death, they were not free.
If anything, dying just took away any rights they might have had left over, and turned them from abused apprentices into abused slaves.
Because they had died while bound by contract to Master Petri, he practically had their departed souls at his beck and call, and could even stuff them temporarily into bodies when he pleased.
They were only pale shadows of their original selves, Harry was told, but though they were reserved and depressed, they could still follow orders.
Several times now, Harry had met Ulrich, the first apprentice, and Aleksandra, the third.
Ulrich's spirit had informed him in a dull, morose rasp that the second apprentice, Horst, had been devoured by a dementor, and was no longer with them.
Naturally, Harry had wanted to know what a dementor was, and had then been plagued with nightmares for a week when Master Petri had explained in detail and then hinted that Harry would later have to spend an entire month living in the midst of the soul-sucking fiends to pass a test.
Both Ulrich and Aleksandra had died before reaching this point, and the aforementioned Horst had experienced a fate worse than death during it, so Harry was not that optimistic about his chances for success, especially as he was by far the youngest apprentice Master Petri had ever had.
But that did not mean he would give up.
Giving up was a foreign concept to him.
When everything else was gone, his own willpower was the only thing that was left, and he couldn't let that be taken away from him.
And besides, he did not want to die and become downgraded to Master Petri's servant instead of his apprentice.
For now, Harry had some privilege, and the worst of the unsavoury necromancy preparations was left to the dead ex-apprentices and the weird house elf, Rosenkol.
In a book about magical creatures, which Harry had been forced to read after he had made the unforgivable mistake of getting grindylow and kelpie blood confused, Harry had learned that house elves were supposed to be helpful, servile creatures who did all the house work and liked being enslaved.
This sounded like the image Master Petri had of a model apprentice, which was a little worrying, but more importantly, it sounded nothing like Rosenkol.
First of all, he even looked weird, compared to the pictures of normal elves that Harry had seen.
Rosenkol was apparently tall for an elf, though that was not saying much, as he stood at about a meter and was still shorter than Harry.
He always wore a torn-off piece of a funeral shroud, though he had different outfits for each day of the week.
The reason he had so much variety to choose from was that his primary purpose was grave-robbing.
Rosenkol's bulging, perpetually wide eyes were coloured a dull, deep black.
Harry would have thought that Rosenkol himself was a corpse that Master Petri had put back together had he not seen for himself that the elf lived and breathed.
And then there was the personality.
If there was anything servile about Rosenkol, it wasn't naturally so.
He bowed and scraped to Master Petri, and always spoke to him with awed reverence, but he was curt and even snooty with anyone else.
Rosenkol definitely thought himself above Harry, and given the kind of magic he had seen the elf do, Harry could only reluctantly agree.
It probably wouldn't be anything impressive for an adult wizard, but Harry was limited to uncontrollable effects coming out only when he was under great duress, while Rosenkol could charm and apparate with a snap of his fingers.
Also, Rosenkol had no idea how to cook, so that kind of thing was left to Harry, as if Harry were the house elf.
Harry did not know whether it made it better or worse that Master Petri was unbelievably miserly, and sometimes had them subsisting on cheap nutritive potions for weeks without seeing a sliver of real food.
Harry felt his stomach churn just thinking about it.
The tinkling of the unnecessarily cheerful bell enchantment on the door pulled Harry from his spiral of depressive thoughts.
It was nearing closing time, which meant that the majority of the day's customers had already come through, so the new entrance was unexpected.
Harry glanced up and saw an unfamiliar, rich-looking blond wizard accompanied by a boy around Harry's age, probably his son.
The man seemed taken aback at the sight of Harry, and Harry remembered that it was not so common for young children to be apprentices.
Actually, most children his age were still playing happily at home, ignorant of even the basics of magic theory.
Harry would have thought himself lucky, except that his master was actually a horrible person who blithely exploited and ruined the lives of small children, among other unspeakable deeds.
Putting his limited German to the test, Harry said, uncertainly, "Ich bin der Lehrling des Herrn Petris,"explaining that he was the apprentice of Master Petri.
He hoped that the possessive actually had that last "s" at the end.
Then he used the stock, "May I help you?"
phrase that he had been taught, "Darf ich Ihnen behilflich sein?"
As soon as the words left his mouth automatically, his mind raced wildly as he tried to remember if he had used the right formality.
From the grammar books that Master Petri had finally provided him, Harry knew that modern German only had two levels of address, formal and informal, which was easy enough.
Unfortunately, Master Petri insisted that he and Harry address each other using a more archaic, traditional form that Harry termed ultra-formal, which just made everything else confusing.
All his worrying turned out to be completely unnecessary, however, because the first words out of the aristocratic blond's mouth were, "Pardon me, do you speak English?"
Harry gave a relieved little smile and nodded.
"Of course, sir.
How may I help you then?
I'm the apprentice of the Master Enchanter here."
Expectedly, the man looked surprised at that, but answered, "May I see your master, then?
I was told he made normalized fairy powder here, for the Draught of Acuity."
Harry recognised the key-phrase for the "other thing" at once.
That meant that this man was a returning client, though one that Harry had never met before.
According to Master Petri, it was complete nonsense: anyone who knew a lick about potion-making and enchanted objects knew that normalized anything would at best lose its potency and at worst explode violently if put in contact with a still-brewing potion.
Harry took his word for it.
Usually, he would tell the customer off for being daft and then direct them through the floo, writing down what was ostensibly the floo address of an apothecary on a special slip.
The charmed parchment would actually show the client the floo address of Master Petri's necromancy workshop (the attic), while appearing to anyone else as the address for the apothecary in the next alley.
This process was necessary every time because Master Petri's paranoia had made him enchant his fireplace to wipe the memory of the address from anyone who went through it.
Harry was surprised that that was the only thing the fireplace did, but perhaps there were more safeguards that he did not know about.
The purpose of the key-phrase and the charmed paper was to enable the "special business" to be done in broad daylight, right in the middle of a shop full of customers looking at harmless, legal enchantments.
Since no one else was in the shop, Harry just gave up the pretence and nodded at the man without saying anything, scribbling down the appropriate address.
He handed over the slip of parchment, glancing at the boy beside the client as he did so.
"He will be right with you, sir, in the usual place.
Would you like to leave your son here while you deal with Master Petri?"
He tried to give the man a meaningful look, and worried that he had only succeeded in appearing constipated.
A necromancer's workshop was hardly a place for a boy of nine, unless that boy was an unwanted orphan who was the victim of ruthless exploitation.
Harry doubted the Dursleys had even noticed his disappearance.
The man looked a little amused, in a sneering, pureblood way, but nodded.
"That would be preferable, thank you."
Harry nodded back and watched as the man gave a parting, "Behave, Draco," to his son before he tossed a handful of powder in the fire and was whirled away by the roaring green flames.
"Hi, I'm Malfoy, Draco Malfoy," said the boy.
"Are you really learning magic already?"
"Sort of," Harry admitted, not looking forward to hedging around the concept of necromancy.
How could he explain that he knew how to prepare a corpse to become an inferius, or how to cause pain to ghosts, but not how to do a simple levitation charm?
Master Petri had said that Harry was still too young even for that, and should stick to theory and wandless magic for now, in order to avoid stunting the growth of his magical flow.
Heavy use of a wand anchored the magical flow through a body, amplifying it and making it easier to control, but also stopping it from growing or shrinking as much.
In most people, the flow peaked a bit after age ten, which was why most magical schooling began at eleven.
Harry had to admit that Master Petri was very knowledgeable, even if he was also a sadistic madman.
And despite having to do servant-like tasks for Master Petri, Harry was actually learning a lot about magic, which was an improvement over having to do servant-like things for free.
"What do you mean sort of?
And what's your name?"
Malfoy pressed, which made Harry realize that he had rudely neglected to introduce himself.
"Er, Harry Potter," he replied.
To his surprise, Malfoy's eyes widened and he looked like he would have gaped, had his breeding not been as good.
"The Harry Potter?"
Malfoy asked.
"I'm sorry, what?"
Harry said dumbly.
Malfoy's tone had implied that there was some kind of famous person also named Harry Potter, and that this celebrity was probably around Harry's age.
There was no way that Harry was famous though, so that was a weird coincidence.
"You know, Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, who defeated You-Know-Who!"
Malfoy said, as if all of that were obvious.
Harry was blown away by the number of hyphenated things in that one sentence.
"I don't think I know what you're talking about," he admitted.
He thought of something.
"Is it a British thing?"
At this, Draco Malfoy seemed to remember that he was in a foreign country.
"Oh, well, yes.
You-Know-Who, the Dark Lord – we don't say his name – was defeated by a baby named Harry Potter.
He should be our age now.
But of course it can't be you.
He's English too, obviously."
Harry decided not to mention the fact that, up to a few months ago, he had been living in English suburbia in complete ignorance of magic.
How common was the name Harry Potter?
Muggle-Harry would have said very, but given the sorts of names that wizards tended to have, wizard-Harry was not so sure.
"Right," was all Harry said.
There was an awkward silence for a few moments.
"So, do you like flying?"
Malfoy asked him then with a complete change of subject.
Harry shrugged slowly, trying his best not to react strangely.
Was Malfoy talking about aeroplanes?
Somehow, Harry doubted it, from the way the blond boy spoke of it like a recreational activity.
Harry wouldn't put it past wizards at all to be able to cast a flying spell for fun.
Wasn't that just like levitating oneself?
"I don't know, I haven't tried it," he answered honestly, after a pause.
When Malfoy looked horrified by the very possibility, Harry added, hoping that he had not mucked up something major, "Master Petri doesn't let me out much."
Fortunately, Malfoy looked somewhat appeased by this.
It was true anyway that Harry had had very little free time ever since the start of his apprenticeship.
Since Harry had never been one to have much opportunity to putter around with toys, the way Master Petri occupied every hour of his day with lessons or servant work did not bother him too much.
However, he supposed that normal children had very different schedules.
"You really must try it some time," Malfoy said.
"It's the best thing in the world."
With that kind of recommendation, Harry could only awkwardly nod and say, "I will if I get the chance."
"So what do you do all the time then?"
Malfoy asked him.
"Read," Harry said succinctly and vaguely.
Before Malfoy could think of more difficult questions to ask, the fireplace flared green and Malfoy Senior appeared, swinging his snake-head cane.
"Come along, Draco," the man said, before pausing to give Harry a nod.
Then he took his son's hand, and swept around gracefully to step outside, ignoring Draco's whinging protests.
As soon as they cleared the wards, they disappeared.
Harry was left blinking at how quickly the entire transaction seemed to have gone.
He twisted around as another pillar of green fire roared from the previously empty grate and revealed Master Petri there.
"Close the shop.
Leave everything.
We have a new project from Mister Malfoy," Master Petri said in German.
There was barely-concealed excitement leaking through in his voice and a pinched expression of glee on his face.
"How much?"
Harry asked in the same language, a little dryly.
He took out his wand and prodded one of the enchanted figurines on the counter, which would take care of the shop.
The entire building locked down and the brightly glowing sign on the display window up front changed to: "GESCHLOSSEN."
"Five thousand galleons," Master Petri exclaimed in ecstasy.
Even while Harry laughed internally at the expression on the man's face, he had to admit that Master Petri had truly been offered a small fortune to do whatever it was.
Perhaps after this, Master Petri would get a little more generous, though Harry doubted it as soon as he had the thought.
"What is it then?"
Harry asked, once it seemed like Master Petri had calmed down a little.
"Dangerous," he said, and then added, in English, "We must dig up a very volatile spirit and bind it if possible.
First we need to make preparations for you.
I do not want you to die yet."
Harry did not know whether he should find this declaration heartwarming.
He decided to wait for the ulterior motive to show itself first.
"What kinds of preparations?"
he inquired.
"The second step to understanding the Other," Master Petri began, and this time, Harry could hear the emphasis on that word, "You must make a horcrux."
A/N: :D?
Yes, this story may sometimes become troll.
I'm a little sorry.
It's far too for-fun and not enough serious, so though I won't deliberately make bad plot, I haven't put in any of the usual plot-ironing effort, so whatever random that comes into my head will happen.
Oops.
"I will perform the horcrux ritual for you, because it is very complex," Master Petri told Harry as he reclined on his wooden chair.
The cheap, knobbly thing looked like it would stab the seated person in nine different places, but was actually enchanted to have perfect support for whomever sat in it.
Harry got to sit on the hard, decidedly non-enchanted floor.
"But," Master Petri continued, "There is one thing you must do yourself, which is split your soul."
That sounded a little alarming to Harry, so he asked obligingly, "How do you do that, sir?"
"You commit an unspeakable act, and accept it.
Murder is the usual," Master Petri explained coolly.
Harry stared, not completely shocked, for half of the things that came out of Master Petri's mouth were at about an equal level of horribleness.
Still, this was plainly outrageous.
Harry took a breath, gathered up his courage, and then said, "I can't do that."
He felt the urge to look away as soon as he had said it, but when he caught Master Petri's dark eyes, decided to hold that gaze defiantly.
To his surprise, Master Petri did not curse him or hit him or any of the usual things he did when Harry disobeyed or contradicted him.
Instead, he simply said, levelly, "I know that.
Later we can improve that weakness.
For now, there are other acts.
For you I believe that killing a unicorn is right."
To hear "right" and something as awful-sounding as "killing a unicorn" in the same sentence made Harry's stomach churn, but a guilty part of himself could not help admitting that it sounded a sight better than murdering a human.
"Are unicorns sentient?"
Harry asked.
He had to know this first.
Master Petri smiled his leering smile.
"No," was the reply, but Harry realised that he had no way of confirming the truth value of that response.
Master Petri had every reason to lie, if it were not in fact true, so the question and its answer had been effectively useless.
As if reading his mind, Master Petri extended his wand and gave it a sharp flick, summoning a thin book from one of the shelves in the back of the workshop, behind the filing drawers.
He tossed it to Harry, who caught it reflexively and looked down.
Licht des Einhorns, read the title.
Light of the Unicorn.
Hesitantly, Harry looked back up at Master Petri to determine what he should do next.
He wanted to refuse in principle to do anything that could be called "unspeakable," but that was not an option.
Master Petri would probably be willing to massacre a million children for five thousand galleons.
Actually, Harry would bet that Master Petri would have no problems doing something like that just for fun.
It wasn't a nice thought, especially since it could actually be true.
In any case, the man would have no compunctions at all about forcing Harry, perhaps by altering his mind or something else awful.
The book in his hands.
.
.
Master Petri had given Harry a choice, which was already more generous than usual.
It would be foolish not to consider it, at least.
"I'll read the book, and then decide," Harry said, sounding more confident than he felt.
Something strange glinted in Master Petri's eye, and Harry did not have enough time to even imagine what it could possibly be before it hit him.
"Crucio!"
The incantation was spoken forcefully, unlike any of Master Petri's other spells.
The red light flashed.
Harry screamed before he felt anything.
It crawled inside him, a surge of terrible, searing fire, and his lungs and mouth were filled up with sand and it hurt to scream and he screamed from the hurt but now he had no surface anymore, there was too much to comprehend, it was just like unconsciousness, this could not be consciousness it could not exist, not so inexorable and inescapably grasping, a mess of strangling bewilderment, and - It stopped, and the eternal moment shattered and faded away so that even his chasing grasp could no longer catch it.
Harry woke up as if from a dream, or he resurfaced from the bottom of a shallow pool.
He felt light, and heavy.
His head and his body were at odds.
He licked his lips and tested himself.
There was no sand, and no fire.
He felt fine, and the way he felt fine was the worst perversion in the world.
Master Petri was standing now, a pillar of darkness above him.
Harry looked up at Master Petri's eyes, saw the light of joy, the crescent glint of pleasure, and felt hate for an infinitesimal moment.
Then it disappeared, lost to the same place as the pain.
Master Petri collected himself.
Harry was already collected, lying on his back, somehow having turned around in all his convulsing.
He did not really care to move.
He asked why, but it was only silently.
Master Petri answered: "That is another method.
It is a little bit unreliable.
One never knows which one shatters first.
Mind or soul?"
Somehow, when Master Petri took the time to repeat his sentence casually in German, everything began to seem surreal.
Harry shuddered, his whole body giving one violent shake.
A million thoughts began to race through his head, chains of realisation and horror.
There was the thought, horcrux.
Splitting the soul.
Murder.
Torture.
"Using the curse," Harry said, the twinge of rawness in his throat surprising him.
He remembered that he had been screaming, and that the screaming had been real.
"Does that work too?"
His question drew a laugh from Master Petri.
That wasn't right.
Harry had not wanted to make the man laugh.
"It might.
Only if one cannot take it back," was the reply.
Harry wondered what that even meant.
How could anyone ever take something back, once it was done?
He remembered what Master Petri said a few moments ago about shattering.
He thought he understood, maybe.
"How long was I. .
.
under?"
he asked.
"Five seconds," Master Petri replied.
Harry felt cold.
Had it really been five seconds?
Only five seconds?
The world seemed to loom over him, darker and greater.
Master Petri was unfathomably tall.
Some indeterminate amount of time passed like that, in a hazy confusion.
"Auf!"
the man barked suddenly, turning away a little.
A command to get up, for Harry had been shamefully lying on the floor for too long.
He could see the tip of Master Petri's wand from the corner of his eye, and he did not want to admit it, but lying to himself was no use.
He was afraid, and powerless.
He rolled over, finding his body only in a little pain from where his bones must have knocked against the hard floor, and got to his feet, though not before picking up the unicorn book that had fallen out of his hands before.
"Der Cruciatus-Fluch," Master Petri began, and Harry's exhausted mind gave a silent scream of protest at having to comprehend these unfamiliar words, "ist ein Fluch, der das Opfer einer unerträglichen Folter unterzieht."
It was a testament to the sort of things that Master Petri dealt with on a day to day basis that Harry knew the word, "Folter," intimately.
Torture.
It was the only word he really needed to know to understand the purpose of the cruciatus curse.
The other words helped a little.
"Unbearable torture" was the right phrase, and it completed the concept.
Simple pain could be resisted.
Pain was not the same thing as torture.
What might break one person could be laughed off by another.
But no one could bear "unbearable" or mistake "torture."
Knowing that, Harry could not imagine suffering through it again, though he had tasted it just a minute ago.
The memory was already distant and dreamlike.
Even if he remembered it perfectly it would be meaningless, just a jumble of confusion.
The pain was gone, impossible to preserve in a moment.
He had only come out of it with a conviction that it could not happen again.
To inflict that feeling on someone else: that would be even worse.
Harry did not doubt that it would truly be unspeakable.
But even Master Petri could not deserve this unfathomable pain.
Suddenly, without even needing to open the book in his limp hands, Harry knew that it was the only way.
He would have to kill a unicorn.
He wanted to throw it away, that useless, pointless book, but he knew that he should at least read it, if only to know what there was to know.
He owed his future victim that much.
"I'll do it," Harry said, holding out a book a little to show what he meant.
He said it in German, even, to show that he was serious, even if he was incompetent at it.
"In the end, it is just an animal," Master Petri answered, each word sharp and crisp and easy to understand.
In the end, even people were just animals, Harry thought.
But he said nothing.
A/N: Well, there's that.
Not very exciting, sorry, except I expanded some on horcrux theory.
Thanks to everyone who's read and reviewed.
Unfortunately, Harry will not be remaining cute and guileless forever; sorry to disappoint some reviewers on that score.
He won't suddenly become a raging maniac either, thoug.
s reluctant as Harry was to admit it, Master Petri had been right.
A unicorn really was just an animal.
It was a magical animal, certainly, with special magical properties, but was even less intelligent than its non-magical cousin, the horse.
It operated almost solely on magic.
People said that the unicorn was a symbol of everything good and pure.
Master Petri said that the unicorn was a symbol of faulty instincts.
Standing next to a pure white mare, softly stroking its bristly fur, and in general feeling like an utter ingrate, Harry could not help agreeing a little with Master Petri.
He almost wanted the unicorn to run, or, even better, to kick him to death with its powerful hooves or stab him with that sabre-sharp horn.
But it only whickered softly and continued to graze.
Earlier, in a very clinical manner, Master Petri had already explained the precise order of things that he should do in order to very nearly guarantee success.
First, they had arrived in the magical part of the Black Forest.
Unicorns needed very high concentrations of magic to survive, so a place like that, apparently infested with every kind of magical creature imaginable, had the most unicorn blessings in the world.
As a bonus, it was also in Germany, which meant that there had been no turbulent international portkeys to speak of.
For his part, Master Petri put some rudimentary wards on a clearing and then cast a Patronus Charm before he left Harry alone with the guardian animal, a gleaming silver owl.
Most dark wizards were incapable of casting the Patronus Charm, but Master Petri could, he had explained with some pride, also unabashedly calling himself a dark wizard in the process.
Not that Harry hadn't already been certain of his darkness, given the requirements of necromancy.
Apparently, Master Petri had been a Master Enchanter long before he had even begun learning the "other thing," and one never forgot how to cast the Patronus Charm after the first time.
Harry wondered what happy memory Master Petri thought of as he cast the spell.
Torturing children, perhaps?
At any rate, one of the things the Patronus Charm, which was a magical manifestation of happiness, was useful for was attracting things that liked happiness.
Master Petri had remorselessly told Harry that that meant it would attract both unicorns and dementors.
He had let Harry stew in horror for a few more minutes before taking pity and informing him that the Patronus Charm was also simultaneously a defence against dementors, as it would harmlessly reroute their depressing aura and could physically attack them.
Harry had not been too offended at being misled, given the usual level of kindness he expected from the capricious master, and had pretended with as much dignity as he could that it had never happened.
Still, standing in the middle of the clearing unarmed and guarded only by a shiny owl made of happy light was a little disconcerting.
The unicorn had not taken too long to show up.
While Harry had been waiting, Master Petri had no doubt been scouring the forest for one of the creatures to drive away from its blessing and toward Harry's clearing.
Harry could have killed it minutes ago, but his heart was thudding painfully in his chest and he felt a little ill about the whole thing.
As Master Petri had predicted, the unicorn could not sense Harry's miserably weak intent to kill under the overpowering and sympathetic radiance of the Patronus.
The more Harry touched it, the more he realised how horrible it would be to deprive this magnificent beast of life.
It was wild, innocent, and untainted.
Hand clenched around the weapon of choice in his pocket, Harry reminded himself of Master Petri's sardonic smile and unflinching wand.
The world was not good and pure.
The world was not a place for something like a unicorn to exist.
What was really good, and really evil?
Did the unicorn understand?
It couldn't.
It was just a beast with no higher power of reason past instinct.
It knew that good was galloping freely through the woods, and bad was pain.
This kind of simplicity did not fit into the world of humans.
What was the point of sparing the unicorn's good at the sacrifice of Harry's good?
An animal would not understand or appreciate it.
The thought sounded selfish and cruel, even unformed inside his head, and he wanted to feel guilty, but even that was not granted him.
The guilt did not come.
Harry's grasp around the little lump of stone in his pocket tightened so much that the jagged corners dug into his flesh and drew blood.
The unicorn whinnied and shifted a little, no doubt smelling the injury.
The only thing he felt: it was guilt for not feeling guilty.
But the natural question, then, was why?
Why, then, did he think that he should feel guilty at all?
Where was the reason?
The reason?
Reason?
The word chased itself around the empty, unresponsive caverns of his mind.
Harry took his hand out of his pocket, though it was unnecessary, and pressed his magic into the black stone, like he had practised with Master Petri over and over again.
He needed to see it happen.
There was not much to see to tell him that he had succeeded, except the most obvious thing, which was horrific enough to prove the success of Master Petri's enchantment.
The unicorn, finally sensing the change in Harry, turned tail and tried to bolt.
But even as it lifted its hooves, the ethereal grace left it and it crashed down, its legs twisting as it scrambled in vain to balance.
The clearing was cast in a sinister darkness – the Patronus had gone out within a second of the Nullifier's activation.
Unicorns needed magic to survive.
This, Harry had learned from the unicorn book.
They were not magical horses; they were horse-shaped magical creatures.
Many of the vital systems inside a unicorn's body ran on ambient magic the way the bodies of other living creatures ran on air.
The unicorn itself was magical, and could theoretically sustain itself for up to hours without the ambient magic, but only if the change was gradual, as would happen with a migration through non-magical land.
The Nullifier had a very nearly instantaneous effect.
It sucked away all the free-floating magic in the area until it reached its capacity, which was more than enough for this one clearing.
The result was a sudden magical vacuum, and the highly magical unicorn's body went into shock.
Even Harry felt some kind of visceral weakness from the sudden lack.
Watching the creature collapse and feeling a little numb, Harry continued to act out the plan, unable to process any other thoughts with his mind.
He stepped over to the unresponsive unicorn's head and reached for the horn.
For a moment, he hoped it would buck forward and perhaps gore him, but the animal did nothing of the sort, only watching blankly.
Holding up the now-warm Nullifier, he angled it so that the sharp side was pointing down and then struck the base of the horn.
It was a well-known trick to break off a unicorn horn, and used often by poachers and legal harvesters alike.
The stab of a horn did a lot of damage, but because of its backward surface ridges, it was difficult to remove if embedded in something, so the attachment was brittle enough that a swing of the head could break it off.
A defence mechanism.
On a healthy unicorn, the horn would grow back within a day.
Harry took the horn in hand and reversed it.
As if it knew what was to come, the unicorn twitched slightly, but its whole body still seemed frozen by the sudden loss of the magic that gave it strength and life.
The horn plunged down.
Viscous silver blood splashed onto Harry's hands and quickly dimmed to a pale blue in the magic-starved environment.
Unicorn's blood carried a powerful curse, but the Nullifier would get rid of it as long as none of it went inside Harry's body, where there was magic to fuel it.
Still, it felt like something horrible and oppressive had crept inside him, squeezing his insides until finally they shattered under the strain.
He looked down at the weakly shuddering body of the once-magnificent creature.
Soon, even the last laboured rise and fall of the great chest stilled.
Harry's wide eyes drank in the sight.
He felt nothing.
A/N: Well, that was fun.
Poor Harr.
arry stared down at the teardrop-shaped shard of black stone in his hands.
Somehow, it had felt appropriate to house the fruits of the unicorn's sacrifice in the very device that had killed it.
It wasn't a Nullifier anymore; that sort of enchantment was one use only.
Now, it was something much worse.
A horcrux.
He supposed it was lucky that the ex-Nullifier had satisfied the requirements for a horcrux – that it be of emotional significance and capable of containing something.
Calling anything about a horcrux lucky seemed intellectually disgusting, however.
Even though Master Petri spoke of horcruxes as if they were nothing special, Harry knew on a gut level that it was an awful thing, a perversion.
Anything whose creation involved an unspeakable act had to be, by the definition of unspeakable.
And who knew what else it had required?
Harry had been unconscious for the entire process after the unicorn's death, and Master Petri remained tight-lipped about the details.
Harry did not feel any different, but his feelings had to be lying to him.
He knew with all his mind that he was different now from how he had been before, but it was impossible to evaluate his memories with anything but the feelings he had now, in the present.
He couldn't remember anymore what it had been like to be himself before the horcrux.
One never really remembered that kind of thing, but usually the change from day to day was not so great, so the feelings that came with memories still seemed true.
Not his.
They were too different, too false.
He felt vaguely sick all the time, but could find no reason for it.
It did not cause any physical reaction either, not like a real sickness.
Master Petri had told him that it was normal.
Suddenly, Master Petri had simultaneously become more reasonable and more detestable.
Both changes were in Harry's head, he was sure of it, but that did not make them any less real.
Before the horcrux ritual, Harry had been sure that something would go wrong, even if he did manage to complete his "unspeakable act."
How could he manage to accept it once it was done?
How could he possibly avoid feeling remorse?
It had seemed unimaginable.
Master Petri had told him, almost flippantly, not to worry about it.
And he had been right.
It was getting easier, day by day, to admit to himself how right Master Petri was all the time.
The things that he said, which had once seemed so foreign and impossible to Harry, had become clear and sensible.
What could possibly be the point of remorse?
It was simply the weakness of indecision that haunted one even after completing a task.
But the window of possible change had long closed.
The things that he felt about the past were quite simply inconsequential, so it was best not to feel them if there was no reason to.
The feelings used to just come to him, Harry could vaguely recall.
Even if he had thought about them, they would not get any better.
It was better now.
He was better now.
"What am I supposed to do with this?"
Harry asked Master Petri, not even turning around.
The meaning of the question was clear enough, but his disrespect was plain to see.
Harry didn't care.
The searing, fiery trails of pain that scored themselves all over his back sent him to his knees, but drew no reaction other than a physical one.
Harry waited for his pounding heart and heavy breathing to even out.
"Forgive my disrespect, sir," he said tonelessly, this much at least coming easily in the native tongue of Master Petri.
This time facing the man properly and keeping his head down, Harry looked up through his lashes in time to see the withdrawing wand.
He held out the hand with his horcrux and clasped the other one over it.
Perhaps his posture was a little too submissive, to the point of mockery, but it could not be faulted.
He used to become angry over this, this asking – begging – for forgiveness for trivialities from an unforgiving teacher, but now he simply hated it.
It felt liberating to properly acknowledge how much he loathed Master Petri, the man who was always right, even when he was wrong.
To feel this emotion was allowed, proper, even.
But to wallow in it would be useless.
He needed to do something for himself, and act on that hatred.
His contract with Master Petri would end, and Harry would not be the dead body at the of it, nor the withered spirit, nor the victim.
To have such designs at all was perhaps reckless, and to carry them out impossible, but Harry had nothing if not determination.
He would take everything he could from Master Petri, and then destroy him.
"Sir, how do I protect my horcrux?"
Harry asked, keeping his voice steady.
"You must hide it, so that no one will ever find it," was the answer.
What was the best hiding place?
Somewhere close to him, so he could know if it was taken away?
But guarding it would be difficult.
He could not even use any wand magic yet.
How could he possibly keep something so important safe?
He couldn't, but the protections did not all have to come from him.
Master Petri wanted him to hide it where no one could find it.
What was the best hiding place?
Ignorance.
If no one knew what it was, then even one who found it would not pose a danger.
But there was a chance that there were magical ways to figure out its nature, ways which Harry did not know of, because truly his knowledge of magic was not very great at all.
So he could not simply leave it lying about in the middle of nowhere.
"The ocean," Harry said, coming to a sudden epiphany.
The horcrux would resist non-magical and low magical damage, as well as most basic spells, he already knew this.
If he dropped it into the middle of the ocean, no one could stumble upon it.
No one would know where it was, not even him or Master Petri.
It needed no protections other than obscurity.
It needed no magic to become lost.
"A very good idea," Master Petri said, and Harry thought he sounded genuinely impressed.
Harry would have asked Master Petri what he had done with his own, but that would probably have earned him another lashing curse.
One was enough for a day.
The only problem was that the ocean was rather far away.
Harry could entrust his horcrux to Master Petri and ask him to make several apparition trips, but frankly, Harry did not trust Master Petri to do anything more than teach him as their contract stipulated.
He most certainly did not trust the man with a piece of his soul.
Though if he thought about it, in allowing Master Petri to complete the horcrux ritual for him in the first place, Harry supposed that he had already done just that.
He would not put it past Master Petri to have done something to his horcrux.
It was well within possibility, since as a necromancer Master Petri dealt with souls routinely, and knew a lot about them.
With a sinking heart, Harry realised that, actually, it was overwhelmingly likely that Master Petri had done something to his horcrux.
If the man had any designs about Harry's soul, he would certainly have already carried them out.
What was one more gesture of trust, when trust had never existed in the first place?
It was silly, but Harry was tired.
"Please drop my horcrux deep in the ocean for me, then, sir," Harry requested.
His hand shook slightly as he tried to hold it out, and he had to pause for a moment to steady it.
He wasn't a gullible child.
Not anymore, anyway.
Harry wanted to say this all to Master Petri's face, because the expression on it right now was too pleased and he hated it, but Harry knew that now was not the time.
Every advantage that he had over Master Petri, he had to keep.
It was the only way he could win.
Master Petri took the chunk of iron in hand and slipped it into his robe pocket.
Harry felt bare, and he wanted desperately to ask if that was really a safe place to put it for now, but he held his tongue on that front.
Instead, he asked, "That was the preparation for Malfoy's task, right, sir?
Are we going to start it now?"
It felt a little strange to say "we," because every other time he had been involved in the "special business," he had played a very small, mostly educational role that Master Petri easily could have done himself.
This time, however, he had gone to the extreme of splitting his soul and having part of it put in an object.
Harry knew that it was a big step toward learning necromancy, really learning it instead of dabbling in low-level inferi-raising, and knew that it meant his apprenticeship was beginning to get serious.
"Yes, we are," Master Petri confirmed.
"This will be simple necromancy, if we are lucky, but that is unlikely."
This was the first time Master Petri had said that word, Harry noticed.
Necromancy.
It was almost like he used it as a subset of the "other," however, instead of a synonym.
Harry waited patiently for clarification.
"It is divination, another use of the other.
It is the third kind.
You made the horcrux because it is needed to understand the second kind, which is needed to use the third kind, and we have no time for full teaching now," Master Petri said.
"You mean the horcrux was part of conjuration, sir?"
Harry asked, failing to see how splitting his soul and putting it in a rock was conjuring anything.
He had known vaguely about the three forms of the "other," and known that everything he had tried thus far was enchantment, the first form.
The way Master Petri sometimes summoned the dead apprentices was a combination of the first two forms, enchantment and conjuration.
Master Petri gave a jerky nod.
"The truth of souls," he said, "the important knowledge of conjuration.
The rest is technique, what one can learn from practicing."
Harry nodded, sensing that this topic would preferably be postponed for now.
He could learn it after Master Petri got his five thousand galleons from Malfoy.
He hoped that Master Petri would be happy for a long time after that.
There were two things that could light up that man's eyes: dead people and gold, the latter surprisingly more than the former.
Harry wondered what had happened to Master Petri to make him so greedy and miserly.
While it was true that Harry had always been treated like a second-class citizen at the Dursleys, he knew he still had not exactly lived like a poor person.
Even Dudley's cast-offs were high-quality and practically still new, if far too big, and Harry had had a place to stay and food to eat, even if it was far less food than Dudley.
Since he had hardly been envious of the miniature-whale's girth, Harry supposed he could not say it had been completely bad.
Master Petri wasn't poor.
He had Harry check the arithmetic on his account books sometimes as life-skills practice, and Harry knew that the man could be placed on the lower end of well-to-do.
As an enchanter, he made enough money for a decent living, and the "other thing" brought in periodic influxes of large amounts of gold, since his clients paid a premium for discretion and a vow of quality.
Yet, he never spent any of that money, keeping it locked up in a Gringotts savings account and living on the bare minimum.
This practice frankly mystified Harry, but at least it made Master Petri easier to deal with whenever he got the opportunity to hoard more galleons away.
Master Petri rubbed his hands together.
"To use necromancy, one must find a spirit that is close to the target," he began.
Harry took advantage of the pause to ask an important question: "Who is the target, sir?
You never said."
"A man called Lord Voldemort.
He was a British dark lord," Master Petri replied, adding, "perhaps the most powerful of them all."
Harry did not know exactly what a dark lord was, but he could guess that it was not anything good, maybe something like an ultra-dark wizard, which perhaps explained why Master Petri had repeatedly emphasised how dangerous this task would be.
Harry wouldn't put it past a powerful dark wizard to be able to do nasty things even from the grave.
"Malfoy has said that his father would be a likely person to ask.
Probably he was a follower of this dark lord.
His name is Abraxas Malfoy.
I will conjure him but you must do the necromancy."
"What?"
Harry demanded, a belated, "Sir?"
coming a moment later.
Seeing that Master Petri was unimpressed, he revised his question a little, "Why me, sir?
I've never, er, done something like that."
"There must be a first time, right?"
Master Petri answered a little wryly.
Harry waited for some kind of elaboration, and was not disappointed, for after a pause, the man continued, "You are English and Abraxas Malfoy was English, so he will naturally want more to speak to you.
He probably knew your parents.
There are not so many English purebloods."
Harry tried not to panic, and when he failed not to panic, he hoped that Master Petri attributed it to nervousness about a new task.
Because Harry was sure that the game would be up now, when it was revealed that Harry was just another mudblood.
Master Petri always complained about how mudbloods were taking over with their superior numbers, so it was just unlikely that Harry's parents had actually been wizards.
Besides, would wizards get themselves killed in a car crash or have relatives as quintessentially muggle as the Dursleys?
Harry got the impression that wizards like Master Petri barely even knew what cars were, let alone drove them.
But he had no choice.
Refusing would be even worse than getting found out.
Maybe he would not be found out, if he was lucky.
Also he had some limited immortality because of his horcrux.
Then Harry remembered that his horcrux was currently in Master Petri's pocket.
The horror.
"Don't look so pale.
This part is not the dangerous part.
If you fail, I will complete it," Master Petri reassured.
Harry nodded, knowing that there was nothing to do but pray for luck.
Master Petri stepped over to his blood cabinet and Harry watched a little listlessly as he withdrew a thin, unusually ornate vial.
"This is Lucius Malfoy's blood," Master Petri said, lifting his wand and tapping the wooden stopper.
It popped out neatly and he levitated it absently over to one of the worktables.
"The conjuration is easy with the right things.
The corpse, for example, or even a bone, but Malfoy does not wish to," he paused, though Harry was uncertain whether it was to search for a word or due to scorn, "desecrate his father's body."
Harry decided it was scorn.
He wanted to credit Lucius Malfoy with some points for annoying Master Petri with "pointless principles," except that Harry found it increasingly easier to see where Master Petri was coming from.
If Malfoy was paying a dark wizard to interrogate the departed spirit of his father like this, then he ought not pretend with sentimentalities like the sanctity of a corpse.
"The son shares much magic with the father, so anything of Malfoy's body is still useful.
But you know the advice," Master Petri said.
"Always ask for blood," Harry replied dutifully.
Knowing how much magic could be done with different sorts of wizard's blood, especially willingly given blood, Harry was always surprised by how unconcerned clients seemed to be about giving it to Master Petri.
Were they really that confident about sworn oaths?
It did not seem that difficult to get around most oaths, as Master Petri had demonstrated time and again.
"So, I will tell you the truth of souls now, and you will believe me, because you have experienced it."
Master Petri said suddenly.
Harry looked up attentively, half in excitement, half in trepidation.
What was this knowledge that he had already paid so much for, largely unwillingly?
"There is no such thing as a soul," Master Petri pronounced with gravity.
Harry stared, uncomprehending.
He only barely refrained from saying something stupid, because the look on Master Petri's face said that stupidity would not be tolerated.
There were the obvious protests.
Souls existed, because Master Petri summoned them all the time.
Souls existed, because Harry had just split his soul and had it put in an object.
Or had he?
What did he know, know for certain, that he had done?
He had killed a unicorn, allegedly to give himself a second chance at life, if the first one happened to go wrong.
He had been unconscious for twelve hours afterwards, and there was no telling what had gone on in that time.
He had emerged, feeling noticeably different.
He thought about the very little he knew of what a horcrux actually did.
It stored a "fragment of soul," but Harry realised that that meant approximately nothing, if he really tried to understand it.
If Harry were to be killed in a way that did not damage his body, he would immediately be restored to life and the horcrux spent, no matter where it was – the functional second chance.
If he had died from damage to his body, some other preparations, unknown to him, would be needed, but the idea was essentially the same.
If he took Master Petri's word for it, that souls did not exist, then Harry supposed that he could see how the same things could be true with no mention of souls at all.
That is, he still had no idea what was going on, because he had never had any idea about what was going on in the first place.
"I don't know anything," he finally said with some frustration, forgetting Master Petri's presence for a moment.
He was reminded of it by a snort.
"Why are you so afraid of dementors?
Of the dementor's kiss?"
Master Petri asked him in what seemed like a complete non sequitur.
Harry had the feeling that a response like "They suck out souls!"
would not be acceptable.
"You told me, sir, that it's a fate worse than death to be kissed, that they leave your body an empty shell and then you're trapped in darkness for years until they digest you.
Why wouldn't I be afraid?"
Something else occurred to him, and he felt bullheaded enough at the moment to say it aloud.
"If souls don't exist, how come you can't conjure Horst?
Isn't it because his soul has been eaten?"
Master Petri laughed, and Harry felt extraordinarily belittled.
The man was supposed to be angry because Harry had made a point.
If he laughed, it only meant that Harry was wrong to the point of ridiculousness.
"I noticed that you separated your body from your identity.
So you would agree that a dementor traps you inside itself?"
Master Petri said.
Harry nodded a little jerkily, not trusting himself to speak in a pertinent tone.
He could already sense that he was being boxed in by a vastly superior arguer, and he hated it.
"If I obliviated you right now, would you still be you?"
Master Petri pressed.
"Obliviated?"
Harry asked.
It sounded familiar, so it was probably a charm he had seen in a book, but he hardly remembered everything he read.
"The memory charm.
It's meant to erase only pieces of memories, but it can easily be abused or miscast to erase everything.
But nobody has ever claimed that the memory charm harms one's soul," explained Master Petri.
Harry's eyes were wide in horror at the end of it.
He felt his face twist up awfully as he thought through all the things Master Petri had just said.
He could see already where it was going.
If forgetting everything was the death of identity but not the soul, and the dementor's kiss moved the soul without killing identity, then that meant, at the very best, that the soul could exist without identity, but identity could not necessarily exist without the soul.
The pieces fell into place.
"But if I have to split my soul to make a horcrux, wouldn't I lose a part of myself?"
Harry blurted frantically.
Master Petri smiled patiently.
"If you die, say, from the killing curse, your horcrux will revive you perfectly.
But it's just a part of yourself, didn't you say?"
Harry began to see, with growing anxiety, just what Master Petri was implying.
"But if every piece can do that, wouldn't it make sense to make dozens, no, hundreds of them?
As many as possible?"
Harry stopped as he realised that he was talking about committing hundreds of unspeakable acts.
He swallowed thickly, horrified at himself.
"Did it occur to you at all that, if you are a soul, that breaking yourself into pieces could be the same as dying?"
Master Petri asked, almost conversationally.
For a moment, Harry was scared by that idea, which he indeed had not at all considered, before he realised something incontrovertible.
"I'm not dead," he pointed out.
It could be that he was actually dead but only didn't realise it, but then what would be the point of the concept, "dead?"
He didn't feel dead, at any rate.
Master Petri smiled patronizingly at him.
"No, you aren't dead," he agreed, providing no help whatsoever.
Harry stared at him for awhile, realised that it was a pointless action, and then avoided looking directly at Master Petri, casting his gaze all around the room as if the answers would lie somewhere in the furnishings.
"I don't understand," he said at length, when it became clear that Master Petri wasn't about to offer any other information.
It barely even made Harry feel stupid to admit to his confusion – he honestly felt like he had twisted his mind into a knot and got nowhere.
In response, Master Petri reached into his pocket, took out Harry's horcrux, and flung it at him.
With some kind of twitch reflex Harry's hand shot out and caught it, all without his conscious direction.
He glanced back and forth between the horcrux and Master Petri with trepidation.
Fortunately, Master Petri began to speak, and fortunately in English: "I'm not a master of necromancy," he said, successfully confusing Harry even further.
"I am also not a master of transfiguration, though my conjuration is very good.
I am just a charms master with the specialty in enchantment."
Harry thought he was beginning to understand what Master Petri was trying to say in the immediate sense, but still could not tell where it was going.
Enchantment, conjuration, and necromancy; these were the fields that comprised the Other, though the name "necromancy" seemed to be the popular term to cover all three, when the first two were used in conjunction with the last.
From what Harry knew about the fields of magic, they were three wildly different subjects that had somehow come together in one art.
While not rare, it was also not the norm for a wizard to even master a single kind of magic in his lifetime – rather, it was more practical for most people to be average at most-everything useful, fairly skilled in the spells they regularly used in their line of work, and completely ignorant of more esoteric and arcane knowledge.
The time and dedication it took to become good enough at a single thing that one could be called a "master" was just not worth it for the less academically minded.
Now that he thought about it, it would have been very strange if Master Petri had actually been master in three very disparate subjects.
But why bring it up now?
"A horcrux is conjuration, you said, sir," Harry mumbled uncomfortably.
The word itself, "horcrux," felt almost wrong to say, like something vile and forbidden.
Well, he supposed that was exactly what it was.
He tried to feel properly disgusted and only managed to intensify that funny, ill feeling that had been hounding him since the ritual, which was not quite the same, but still a bad feeling of some kind, he supposed.
"Yes, and very delicate.
A perfect horcrux requires absolute mastery," Master Petri said, a very meaningful tone creeping into his voice.
Harry was struck by the near derision more than the words themselves, though their meaning quickly filtered into his understanding.
He felt anger burning inside him, and was momentarily surprised at the sensation, the only "hot" emotion he had felt since the ritual.
His fists clenched, and he opened his mouth to say something, but then the feeling of the cold, sharp edges of his horcrux digging into his hand distracted him.
What complaint could he even make?
If Master Petri, an experienced wizard who was a master at least in one field, could not manage a perfect ritual, then who else could, who would be willing to do it on Harry's behalf?
The obvious solution would be to not have made a horcrux at all, but with Master Petri allowed to dictate Harry's actions in the name of education, that wasn't an option at all.
Still, he could not help the gnawing worry that suddenly consumed him, or stop the words from coming – "It worked, though, didn't it?
It works?"
he asked, almost desperately.
Everything he'd done had to be for something.
"It works," Master Petri said, sounding a little derisive.
Harry hunched inward, unsure whether to feel embarrassed or reassured, or even embarrassed at his own relief.
Master Petri seemed then to lose his remaining patience.
He gave a loud sigh, set the vial of blood on the table behind him, took out his wand, and gave it a light flick, conjuring a looking glass out of thin air.
"Look at this," he ordered.
Harry looked, and saw himself, small, gaunt, and pale, staring back at him with indifference.
Master Petri dropped the mirror on the ground.
It clattered and bounced pathetically.
Giving an irritated snort, he raised his foot and stomped on it.
The glass crunched under his boot.
Harry winced and flinched, his mind reflexively flashing to that stupid saying about seven years of bad luck that he had probably heard from Dudley once.
It wasn't like his luck could get much worse, anyway.
Then he remembered that the bad luck was for Master Petri, not him.
Then he remembered that it was a dumb superstition, and he wondered why he was even still thinking about it.
"Look at it now," Master Petri said, pulling Harry out of his strange train of thought.
Harry followed Master Petri's gaze down to the shards of glass.
A dozen random bits of him were arrayed on the floor, but still it didn't take much effort to piece together what the whole would look like.
Harry wondered if this was what his soul looked like now.
Then he remembered what Master Petri had said – was trying to say – about souls not existing, and furthermore, figured that even if they did exist, they would certainly be impossible to see.
With a minuscule, almost lazy twitch of his wand, Master Petri levitated one of the pieces so that it hovered at Harry's eye-level.
He saw half his face there, cut off by the jagged edge of the shard.
"Is this a good mirror?"
Master Petri asked.
Harry wondered if it was a trick question.
A quick glance at the impatient glare on the master's face made him decide to just answer it, anyway.
"I think it is," he said, sounding more confident than he felt.
He could see himself clearly, and if he stepped back far enough he could see more of himself too.
A dismissive circular movement of the wand, and all the shards floated up and fitted together, though they did not join back up into once piece, as they would have if a reparo spell had been cast.
"Is this a good mirror?"
Master Petri asked again.
"Uh, sort of," Harry mumbled, really not certain.
At his teacher's unimpressed look, he finally decided, "No, not really.
I mean, I can see myself, but it's not really a great reflection with lines in it and ...
things."
He decided to stop talking.
The pieces welded themselves together seamlessly.
"And this?"
Master Petri questioned, obviously rhetorically.
"Yes," Harry said anyway.
"This is your 'soul,'" Master Petri, his entire posture screaming disdain.
"I can't break this with my bare hands just by bending," he said, not bothering to demonstrate an attempt.
He dropped the mirror again, throwing it with some force.
It cracked against the ground.
"An unspeakable act," he said, and bent down to pick it up.
A piece fell off.
He took that instead.
Then, to Harry's surprise, he cast a duplication charm, and an exact copy of the broken piece appeared, floating at his wand tip.
"Your horcrux," he declared, sending the original piece – or was it the duplicate?
– back to its place on the cracked mirror.
Taking a step forward, he stamped his foot on the mirror again, the crunching sound eliciting a reflexive shudder from Harry.
"Your death."
But the somehow gruesome analogy did not end there, or proceed with any predictability.
Master Petri held out the shard of mirror, the "horcrux," and tapped it with his wand.
It grew large, until it was about the same size as the destroyed mirror had been before.
"Your resurrection," he pronounced with some irony, and then, almost as an afterthought, vanished the pile of shattered glass on the ground with a flick of his wand.
Slowly, Harry felt the horrible realization begin to sink in.
He looked at the place the shards had been, up to the big, jagged piece of mirror, and then down to the real horcrux in his hand.
"It's not me, it's a copy of me, a bad copy," he mumbled, still staring at the thing in his hand.
"Not bad," Master Petri corrected, affecting an offended tone.
Harry realised a little belatedly that he was cracking a joke, sort of.
Harry tried to think how that meant that there were no souls, and was still, frustratingly, coming up short.
"But what about dementors, what happens when …" he trailed off when he saw that Master Petri was fully prepared to show what happened.
He conjured another mirror, and then, moving his wand in a violent, zigzag motion, split it apart vertically so that a thin, round sheet of glass came off.
"The dementor eats this," he said, gesturing at the glass.
"And here's this part."
He angled it toward Harry so that it was clear that the other part was still a mirror.
"Also, obliviate," said Master Petri, and for a moment Harry was petrified that a spell was going to come at him or something, but then he realised that Master Petri was only saying the incantation without casting – there was a noticeable difference of tone – and was now doing a silent spell again, so that the piece of glass vanished.
Harry, engrossed in the analogy, felt a visceral shudder as he realised that the thing that was left was the same in the case of both the dementor and that spell, "obliviate."
Finally, Master Petri vanished everything and conjured something new.
It was a bowl.
He set it on the ground, and a flick of his wand sent water spouting neatly from the end, splashing in the bowl and filling it quickly.
"If you want to call it a soul, you can.
It is only a word.
But it's like that."
He made some stirring motions with his wand, and the water swirled, as if there were an invisible spoon disturbing it.
Harry stared wordlessly at his churning, twisted reflection.
A/N: Thanks to everybody who's read, reviewed, favourited or followed.
Inspiration on all of my writing stagnated a bit with the huge influx of work that has been real life, but it seems to be making something of a comeback, and this is definitely the story of mine that is easiest to write, having no plot outline whatsoever to follow, and is getting the first benefit.
Yay.
Unfortunately I can make no promises about the future.
Also, if this is way too much philosophy, I apologise.
The epistemological critereon of personal identity is one of my soapboxes, and horcruxes and dementors have always really annoyed the part of me that is concerned with such things.
"Now you have learned something," Master Petri said a little scathingly, and turned away to snatch the vial of Lucius Malfoy's blood from the table.
"So."
It became clear he was not going to say anything else as he busied with the preparations of whatever they were going to do – conjure up Lucius Malfoy's father, apparently.
Harry watched with some distraction as Master Petri removed a heavily carved stone basin from a cabinet underneath the worktable and filled it with water from his wand, like he had with the "soul" bowl.
It was difficult for Harry to stop thinking about what he had just learned.
He looked down and realised that his horcrux was still in his hand.
He wondered with a start of horror whether it was conscious, whether it was all trapped in there, without a body, without anything.
He tried to imagine it and it was so awful, so unthinkable, that he couldn't.
His thoughts shied away instinctively from that abyss.
"This is the 'Denkarium,'" Master Petri said suddenly, stepping aside to let Harry see what was going on.
Harry shook his head a little to try to focus and rid himself of the deep doubt that seemed to have sprung up everywhere around him.
"In English, a 'pensieve.'
Do you remember what the pensieve is?"
Harry snapped to attention, frowning as he struggled furiously to think through what he had learned so far.
The way Master Petri had asked instead of demanded made it sound like it was not something that he was certain Harry would know, which made Harry feel a little better, but beyond seeing that it was clearly an enchanted object, he had no inkling.
Finally, he shook his head, "No sir."
Master Petri waved his wand, but no curse came out.
Instead, something big and black appeared alarmingly in Harry's peripheral vision and he only barely turned around in time to catch a giant book to his chest, his arms snapping up reflexively to hug it to himself as he pitched backwards dangerously.
His horcrux dropped to the floor with a ringing clatter that sent an unwelcome tremble of fear lancing through him.
Regaining his balance, he tried to look at his book and pick up his horcrux at the same time, but Master Petri routed his latter intention by bending down to take the small black stone himself.
He put it in his pocket again without a word.
Harry bit his lip but turned reluctantly to the book.
He saw the familiar title, The Complete Compendium of Charms, but it was a different copy from the one Master Petri usually gave Harry to use.
Even though the title was still in English, it looked like the contents were in German; Harry supposed a translation of the title would probably not have been so nicely alliterative.
Harry wasn't exactly sure what "compendium" even meant, but the general idea was pretty obvious.
"Search for the liquid thoughts charm," Master Petri said, turning back to his work.
Curious to know what Master Petri was doing despite himself, Harry quickly sat down with the book and turned it to the first blank page.
He pulled out his wand, still a little strange and unwieldy in his hand, and tapped it against the page, saying the name of the charm clearly.
It made him feel a little self-conscious to break the silence, but Master Petri did not react.
The book's enchantments activated it and Harry quickly pulled back as the pages started flipping rapidly on their own until they settled down on page two thousand and fifty-four.
Featured prominently on the page was a big illustration of a carved bowl, just like the one Master Petri had out right now.
In the drawing, a rough human figure stood over the bowl, put its wand to its temple, and extracted a string of something silvery, which then dropped into the bowl.
The cursive notes next to the title of the spell told him that the wand motion was a tap-and-flick-directed process, which meant that it started by tapping something – one's head, presumably – and ended with a flick.
Unfortunately, Harry quickly found out that it was a lot harder to read in German than in English, and that, though the purpose of the liquid thoughts charm was clear, he barely understood anything of what the "Denkarium," or pensieve, actually did.
It was obvious enough just by the picture that the charm somehow extracted thoughts from a person and let them be put in a container, and that the pensieve was that container, but Harry didn't think Master Petri would have given him the book instead of a verbal explanation if that was all.
A few scans over the page to try to find something comprehensible eventually also let Harry know that it wasn't just any thoughts, but memories in particular, but that still did not seem like the point.
Glancing up at Master Petri, he was just in time to see the man upend the vial of Lucius Malfoy's blood into the pensieve.
Harry blinked and looked back to the book, trying in vain to find any mention of blood.
He somehow had the feeling that this was not one of the normal uses of a pensieve, even without being able to read the entry in detail.
Harry watched Master Petri for a few more moments as he twirled his wand above the basin as if he were stirring the contents.
A silvery mist seemed to rise from the pensieve, cascading over the edges at a languid tumble before dissipating.
To Harry's surprise, Master Petri put his wand away, opened up one of the top drawers under the worktable, and took out a bit of parchment and a quill.
"This is definitely the hardest part of a conjuration," Master Petri said, not turning around, "and it is not really magic."
Harry put the book down and stood up so he could see what Master Petri was writing.
It looked to him like random letters accompanied by squiggly arrows.
Fortunately, Master Petri elaborated without prompting, tapping the quill feather to indicate the first thing he had written, a "V" with an arrow pointing to the right.
Unfortunately, he spoke in German, and Harry was still only half competent at understanding the language.
"The first thing is to –" Master Petri said several words that Harry didn't understand, "– of the body of Abraxas Malfoy.
I must make an enchantment for it, using the most accurate methods according to current research.
Do you know the next thing after –" he said the word again, and Harry froze, mind working furiously.
This was Lucius Malfoy's blood, so Harry guessed that it was some kind of transfiguration Master Petri was talking about, in order to make it into Abraxas Malfoy's blood.
But Master Petri had said something about "perfectness" or "accuracy," so Harry assumed that the process wouldn't work exactly, which made sense.
What to do once they had something similar to Abraxas Malfoy's blood?
He took a wild guess.
"Uh, use the liquid thoughts charm?"
Harry had no idea if it even worked for bits of people instead of whole people.
Master Petri snorted, but he did not look annoyed, as if Harry had something completely idiotic, which was a good sign.
"The impressions charm.
It's similar," said Master Petri, taking out his wand and flicking it at the book on the floor.
Harry glanced down to see that a paragraph on the same page had been highlighted in a soft blue glow.
Harry was disheartened to see that he understood only about a third of the information there.
It had something to do with pulling impressions out of an object.
He guessed that they would work the same way as memories, though probably not as good.
Master Petri had gone back to writing the letters and arrows on the parchment, which Harry gathered were some kind of shorthand for the spells in the enchantment.
It quickly became boring to watch the man work, so Harry sat back down and tried to understand more of the entry on the liquid thoughts charm.
He wished he could use the dictionary spell, which would let him translate individual words, but he couldn't cast it silently and didn't dare whisper it in case it disturbed Master Petri.
It was just an access spell, which meant that it was barely magic, and just told him information that was kept at some other place and had been connected to the spell.
Harry knew a couple of access spells, like the dictionary spell and the time-telling spell.
After an indeterminate amount of time, during which Harry had almost fallen asleep, Master Petri's scribbling stopped, and he took out his wand again.
Harry noticed the movement and quickly got up to watch.
Hearing him, Master Petri turned a little and beckoned him to move closer.
"We need a little of your blood, and then all the spells must be cast very quickly," he said.
Harry baulked a little at the mention of his blood, but when Master Petri reached out for his hand, Harry let him take it.
"Prepare yourself.
Remember to ask about the Dark Lord," Master Petri said, before raising his wand.
He did not cut Harry or anything, surprisingly, but just tapped the underside of his arm and somehow managed to draw out what looked like a wiggling red strand on the end of his wand.
Harry barely felt anything other than a weird warmth around where the wand had touched him.
He nodded absently, watching the movement of the blood.
The strand curled up until it was a levitating globule, and Master Petri directed it to the pensieve.
Instead of dropping the blood inside, he made it unravel and spread around the carvings in the outside surface.
Belatedly, Harry realised that the carvings were actually made up of letters and arrows.
He glanced back over to the parchment and saw that there were now messy words scribbled over the array of letters and arrows, which were just like a flattened version of the carvings on the pensieve.
Then Master Petri grabbed the parchment, looked it over, and began casting, and Harry had to admit that it was one of the most impressive things he had seen yet.
The wand moved almost too quickly for him to see, and Master Petri was muttering continuously under his breath, yet without any sense of franticness or anxiety.
Flashes of light, mostly white and blue, lit up the pensieve and its contents, and after about a solid minute of unbroken spellwork, all of the carvings began glowing silver.
Harry was so entranced by the process that he did not expect it at all when Master Petri lowered his wand, raised his hand, and shoved Harry's face into the bowl.
Yelping as he lost his balance, Harry shut his eyes and tried to hold his breath, but instead of being splashed by a bloody slop or hitting his nose on the bottom of the basin, he suddenly felt much lighter and the ground disappeared underneath him.
More importantly, he felt like he was falling very quickly.
Panicked, he opened his eyes and saw only blackness around him for a moment, before it was then all over and he hit the ground with surprising gentleness.
Or rather, somehow the ground hit him, appearing out of nowhere along with a weird, misty fog.
After a taking a few deep breaths to reorient himself, Harry noticed that the table he was standing in front of was quite familiar, if tinted in a funny shade of grey.
He was still in Master Petri's workshop, but all of the clutter on the worktables was missing, and there was mist and grey pallor everywhere.
Looking down at himself, Harry saw that even his own skin was not its usual pale pink, but a corpse-like, unyielding grey.
A little disturbed already, he nearly jumped out of his skin when a shadow moved beside him, and whirled around, expecting to see Master Petri, but finding Lucius Malfoy there instead.
No.
It wasn't Lucius Malfoy.
This man was older and had a moustache.
He wasn't as thin, either, and he was wearing distastefully frilly robes.
Harry remembered that they were conjuring Abraxas Malfoy, so this obviously had to be him.
Lucius Malfoy's father.
"Er, hello Mr. Malfoy," Harry said, feeling a little stupid even as the greeting came out of his mouth.
Abraxas Malfoy said nothing, but it wasn't the sort of nothing that happened because of total disdain, or purposeful silence.
Rather, it looked like Abraxas Malfoy hadn't heard him at all.
Harry bit his lip, and decided that there wasn't a reason to be too polite.
The man was dead, after all.
"We're looking for something about Lord, er," Harry could not believe that he had forgotten the name.
He thought furiously for a few moments before giving it up, and saying, "the Dark Lord?"
Somewhat to his surprise, something happened, but that something was not Abraxas Malfoy replying to him.
Instead, silver mist seemed to engulf them completely, drawing a startled yell from Harry as the ground vanished underneath him again.
He could still see Abraxas Malfoy standing there, frozen, a statue in the mist.
Then the mist began to clear, and Harry noticed that the ground had returned without his noticing somehow.
Suddenly, Abraxas Malfoy began to move.
He had changed somehow, and Harry tried to figure out what it was, but it was impossible.
His clothing seemed to shift before Harry's eyes – even Malfoy's face wouldn't settle down properly, and yet Harry still felt like he was looking at a person, nothing strange.
There were people surrounding him, and Harry stumbled back, trying to get away from the horrible, skull-masked figures.
None of them reacted to him, though, and he realized they couldn't see him, somehow, the same way Malfoy apparently couldn't see him.
When he looked back, he saw Malfoy clad in the same robes as them, solid black, the frills from before gone.
He was wearing the mask as well, but that flowing, silvery hair was unmistakable.
"Crucio," said Abraxas Malfoy, and Harry nearly tripped over himself as the bright flash of that awful spell came out of the man's wand.
Someone began screaming.
Harry whirled around and saw the target of the spell, a woman, he thought, writhing around in agony.
It was impossible to get a clear sight of her face or even her height or anything, really.
Still he knew somehow that it was a woman who was getting tortured.
He looked away, not wanting to watch it go on, and focused on Malfoy instead.
The skull mask was clear on his face, not wavering like some of the other things.
A funny sound began resonating through the clearing in the fog, overpowering the screams until Harry could recognise it for what it was – laughter.
The skull-masked people were laughing.
Someone else stepped forward and took a shot at the woman, the colour of the spell warped into the same dull greyscale of the rest of the world, and as if it were a signal, the others stepped forward too, wands raised.
Harry couldn't watch.
He felt… well, he didn't feel ill, but he felt like he needed to feel ill.
He just felt so strange, and he knew he did not want to watch the woman get tortured.
He couldn't block out the screaming, but that wasn't as bad, somehow.
Suddenly, a cold, high voice hissed, "Enough," and the sound cut off abruptly, the screaming, the laughter, the roar of spellfire.
Harry whirled around and his eyes locked on the new figure, clad all in black, composed and terribly imposing.
The silver mist began creeping forward again, swirling all about.
"No!"
Harry called out almost unconsciously, reaching out.
The mist kept moving, but the Dark Lord – because this person had to be none other than the Dark Lord – stayed where he was, eyes dispassionate.
Harry turned a little, not wanting to let the figure of the Dark Lord out of his sight, to check that Abraxas Malfoy was still there.
He was, and he was still wearing the skull mask and the black robes.
The scene finished shifting, and Harry saw that they were alone now, Malfoy and the Dark Lord, and Malfoy had taken off his mask.
"Abraxas," said the Dark Lord coolly.
Harry shuddered.
He couldn't imagine being addressed by that voice.
It was terrifying.
It was at least ten times worse than the worst glare Master Petri had ever directed at him, and the Dark Lord didn't even look angry, he just looked bored.
Abraxas Malfoy was down on one knee, head bowed, a curtain of long silver hair masking his face, but Harry got the distinct sense that he was younger than before.
"My Lord," he said.
He might have been trembling a little, or maybe it was just the same wavering that seemed to plague this entire place, whatever it was.
The Dark Lord took something out of his robes, something small and rectangular, which Harry couldn't get a good look at because it was wavering like most everything else, and presented it to Malfoy.
Still, Harry immediately got a powerful sense that it was extremely valuable, and that it had to be protected at all costs.
The feeling evaporated somewhat a moment later, but he could still remember the weird strength of that conviction.
The Dark Lord was speaking again, Abraxas too, but for some reason Harry couldn't hear what they were saying.
It was like the fog had muffled everything up, even though he could still see both figures perfectly.
Then that changed too, and the mist swallowed everything again, except for Malfoy, and this time it stayed that way, they were still in the mist.
"Where is the Dark Lord?"
Harry asked aloud, his voice surprisingly croaky.
He cleared his throat, but his question seemed to have done the trick, because the silver mist shifted again, and he was watching yet another scene, now with the skull-masked people again, whom Harry supposed were the Dark Lord's followers, given how they bowed and scraped.
He couldn't hear anything again, and it was really hard to get a grasp on all the shaky images, but it seemed like the Dark Lord was giving a speech to a small group of followers, gesticulating wildly.
He looked inhuman, far stranger than he had in the other scene.
It only made him more frightening.
Suddenly, Harry's eyes fixed on a short, shaking figure right next to Malfoy, really shaking, not just that wavering.
Harry could see the man fine: he wasn't wearing a mask, he had mousy hair, a plump face, wide eyes, and his lips were parted enough to show rather large front teeth.
He reminded Harry distinctly of a rat.
A lot of impressions suddenly bombarded Harry, he knew that this scene was later, far later than the ones he saw before, like he could feel Malfoy's age weighing down on him.
He felt nervous anticipation well up inside him, a really foreign sensation.
He could hear.
"Wormtail, tell them the secret," said the Dark Lord.
His voice wasn't commanding now, but almost playful.
Harry shuddered again.
And Wormtail, obviously the rat-like man, shook and stuttered, but he spoke, and what he said was, "Li-Lily and, and James P-Potter live at, live, live at…" but Harry had stopped paying attention to the rest of the words, or maybe the words hadn't even come out right; Harry wasn't sure, but it didn't matter, because he knew those names.
Those were the names of his parents.
At least, Lily was his mother's name, and Harry's name was Harry James Potter, and it was just too much of a coincidence.
Then the scene shifted again, and again Harry felt the age, felt how Abraxas Malfoy was older.
They were in some kind of cramped room, probably underground, given the torchlight and the stairs leading upward.
Malfoy was looking at something important, the importance rushed through Harry with great urgency, leaving his heart pounding and his breathing heavy.
But what was it?
Harry tried to catch a glimpse but the image kept wavering, the silvery mist encroached on him on all sides.
It was small, he saw a corner – was it a book?
The mist enveloped them, and Abraxas Malfoy was standing there again, empty handed, and then the mist swirled away again and they were in the same place, except this time Harry's eyes fixed on the near copy of Abraxas Malfoy there, just much younger – his son, Lucius Malfoy.
Abraxas was saying something, but it was impossible to tell what.
He was giving Lucius something important.
Protect it.
The Dark Lord's.
Harry struggled to see but it was no use, the mist was filling everything up again and Harry's stomach lurched as he suddenly fell, arms flailing in the impenetrable darkness.
With a gasp, Harry resurfaced, swaying backwards as he found himself in the colourful, rich detail of reality, his face felt wet, and he touched it gingerly, thankful to find that it was only sweat that coated his brow, nothing else.
He eyed the pensieve and its lightly gleaming silver contents warily.
"Well, how was it?"
Master Petri asked a little impatiently.
Harry took a few deep breaths to try to settle himself.
"Unexpected," he said, because it was true.
"So," he started, unsure how he could even begin to explain the things he had just seen.
They only half made any sense to him, and he couldn't stop thinking about Lily and James Potter.
His parents must have been a witch and wizard, then.
There was no other good explanation.
Harry didn't know if that made him feel better or worse.
"I will take a look at what you recovered," Master Petri said, surprising Harry as he turned to the pensieve and leaned over, dipping his face into the silvery liquid.
Harry wasn't sure if he had expected Master Petri to just suddenly disappear, but for all intents and purposes it looked as if the man had just put his face into a bowl and decided not to take it back out.
It looked too strange, so Harry turned away.
He occupied himself with the charms book again, this time taking advantage of the fact that Master Petri clearly couldn't hear him.
The dictionary spell was a life-saver.
It turned out that the experience he had had in the pensieve was pretty normal, in terms of the falling sensation and the switch from scene to scene.
The wavering he had seen was the uncertainty in the memory, and Harry gathered that there had been quite a lot of uncertainty, in this case, since it wasn't real memories he had seen, but something Master Petri had somehow conjured up.
Harry still was not sure why he had had to go first, but he supposed Master Petri would explain that after he resurfaced.
As Harry had expected, the charms book made no mention of anything resembling whatever Master Petri had done.
It did talk about the impression charm that he had mentioned, which allowed one to glean impressions from an object placed inside the pensieve, in order to reconstruct where the object had been.
The book warned that this was a kind of divination, and not always accurate.
Harry supposed that whatever it is he and Master Petri had just done with Abraxas Malfoy was also divination – that was what necromancy was.
He wondered why it even made a difference that Malfoy was dead.
Would the process not have worked just as well on a live person?
At that point, Master Petri suddenly stood up, shaking his head and muttering under his breath.
Harry winced, wondering if he had somehow messed things up; Master Petri looked angry.
"He's clearly not dead," Master Petri said.
"Malfoy?"
Harry asked, curiosity overcoming his caution.
Master Petri shook his head.
"The Dark Lord," he answered.
Harry felt a shiver go down his spine.
Still, he did not understand.
"How do you know that?"
"Divination on the dead is necromancy.
Divination on the living is, well, simple divination.
In English they call it 'scrying.'
There is a noticeable difference," Master Petri said dryly.
"Good work, anyway."
Harry blinked, surprised at the compliment, but still rather bewildered.
"Thank you, sir, but I'm not fully sure what I did."
"You reconstructed some important memories about the Dark Lord," Master Petri explained.
Harry was relieved to recognise that word, "reconstruct," now, after having learned it from the dictionary spell while reading the charms book.
Harry nodded, only half understanding how he had managed that.
"Not bad for an apprentice," Master Petri continued.
"Perhaps you have some talent."
Harry nodded again, feeling a little awkward.
He did not know what to do with praise from Master Petri.
It seemed somehow incorrect.
"Lucius Malfoy is also a liar," Master Petri added casually.
Harry blinked.
"What?"
he asked, forgetting to restrain himself.
Still, Master Petri seemed glad to share this business.
"We could have saved the effort of reconstructing his father's blood.
We saw that Lucius Malfoy himself was obviously a Death Eater, with more than enough relation to Lord Voldemort for scrying," he explained.
"Death Eater?"
Harry repeated.
Then it was obvious, "The people with the skulls …" he trailed off a little awkwardly, realising that he had no idea how to say "mask" or "follower" in German.
Master Petri nodded, apparently not noticing any problem with that description.
After a few moments of silence, something else occurred to Harry.
"Is it finished then?"
he asked.
"Is that all he wanted you to do?"
It seemed a little too easy for how much money Malfoy had offered.
It also had not been remotely dangerous.
Master Petri shook his head.
"Hardly," he replied.
"But I do not know what we should do.
Mister Malfoy wanted us to summon the Dark Lord's spirit and bind it, perhaps to ask for its secrets.
But the Dark Lord still lives.
Ich will den Dunklen Lord sicherlich nicht herausfordern."
Harry did not understand the last word Master Petri said, but got the idea that Master Petri did not want to find a living dark lord, assuming a dark lord really was the ultra-dark wizard Harry had assumed it was.
"Can't you just tell him that?"
Harry asked, seeing that Master Petri looked open to suggestions.
"Will he pay me?"
Master Petri asked in return.
Harry frowned and supposed he wasn't sure, and of course that was what was preoccupying Master Petri.
"What happened to the Dark Lord then, if he isn't dead?"
Harry brought up, because it was obvious that people, or at least Lucius Malfoy, had thought that he was dead.
"He probably almost died," Master Petri said a little distractedly, "Or maybe he seemed to die but did not.
Maybe he had a horcrux.
Many prominent dark wizards do."
Something important.
Harry's eyes widened.
"But sir, what about that object, that valuable object …" he trailed off, because it was clear that Master Petri had come to the same conclusion as him, at the same time.
"But if so, Lucius Malfoy obviously has it.
Unless he doesn't know?"
Master Petri was talking to himself now, and though Harry had felt excited, caught up in the moment, he remembered that it didn't really have anything to do with him.
Or did it?
Lily and James Potter.
What did they have to do with the Dark Lord?
Had they been his followers?
Harry was not sure, but it did not seem like it, the way that rat-like man had said their names.
Had they really died in a car crash?
He was beginning to wonder.
"It can't be a horcrux," Master Petri concluded, drawing Harry's attention back to the original conundrum, "the Dark Lord would have already possessed Lucius Malfoy right away.
That's the whole point."
"What is it then?"
Harry asked, a little disappointed, despite himself.
"Maybe important notes.
It was a kind of book, wasn't it?"
Master Petri suggested dismissively, clearly already losing interest in the object.
Harry decided not to bring up any more theories, in case Master Petri got annoyed.
Actually, he didn't have any more theories, anyway.
"I will think about it.
Go and make dinner," Master Petri ordered, rather suddenly.
Harry decided it would be for the best to leave him alone, and headed for the trap door that would take him out of the attic workshop and back into the small flat.
It was dark, and Harry almost tripped over a chair as he tried to make his way to the kitchen.
He wished he could cast the lighting charm already, but Master Petri's warning of crippling his potential by using a wand too much, too early, still scared him enough that he was not about to attempt it.
When he made it to the little kitchen area, he realised that it would be really stupid to try to make food in the dark.
Trying to think of some way to fix the situation without bothering Master Petri, he remembered the house's other resident.
Knocking on the door underneath the sink, he waited.
Nothing happened.
Annoyed, he knocked again.
Finally, the cupboard door was thrown open and Harry had to lean away quickly in order not to get smashed in the face.
Rosenkol's dark eyes gleamed at him.
"What do you want?"
the elf demanded.
Harry had recently become accustomed enough to German to understand how much the elf was disrespecting him by addressing him informally.
He supposed it didn't matter, though.
"Could you please light the candles?"
he asked, trying to be as nice as possible.
The elf scowled at him, but reached out with long, spindly fingers and snapped once.
The entire flat was bathed in the warm, lambent glow of firelight.
"Thanks," Harry said.
In response, Rosenkol slammed the cupboard door.
Harry sighed and turned to the food chest to get to work.
It was basically a wizard version of a refrigerator, but instead of being cold, it was enchanted so that whatever was put inside it was in "stasis," which made it not spoil.
The only thing in there was a few heads of cabbage, which Harry knew not to touch because they were Rosenkol's cabbage ration, some carrots, potatoes, and a jug of milk.
Lovely.
There was more house elf food than human food in the box.
He took out the vegetables, washed them, peeled them, and then put them on the cutting board with the enchanted knife, which promptly began chopping them to bits.
If there was one thing about magic that Harry appreciated, it was the way it automated half the effort of making food.
Checking some other cupboards and cabinets and giving Rosenkol's nest wide berth, Harry managed to find the thin noodles he had misplaced some weeks ago and a tin of flat, square biscuits that didn't look particularly appetising.
By the time Master Petri appeared downstairs, Harry had made up a passable noodle soup.
Aunt Petunia probably would have spit it out and thrown it in the rubbish bin, but Master Petri ate it without comment, looking rather far away.
He even authorised Harry to use a galleon when Harry casually brought up the lack of food in the chest.
Harry could only conclude that the man must have thought of something.
A/N: This update was brought to you by a lot of procrastination on work.
Also by some nice reviews I got.
Just to preempt complaints, I want to say that my conception of necromancy is a lot more than reconstructing the memories of dead people.
This just happens to be the method used here.
On the other hand it is a kind of divination and is pretty canon compliant about no-true-resurrection and such.
Someone brought up a concern about the horcruxes in canon not getting "spent."
That is indeed true, but note that Voldemort has several horcruxes, whereas everybody else who has any has one.
Why did he make more?
Implicit in this story's premise is the assumption that Voldemort, being a dark lord, knows a lot more about dark magic than most dark wizards, like Joachim Petri, and non-dark wizards, like Dumbledore.
That's all I'm going to say for no.
ll day Master Petri had been paying an unwarranted amount of notice to Harry.
It wasn't attention, but more like sidelong awareness, as if he were keeping Harry purposefully in his peripheral vision even while ostensibly occupied with some other task.
It was Monday, so the shop was bustling with activity after the day of silence observed by practically every shop in Germany.
Master Petri liked to complain that the custom had the most horrendously muggle origins and that it was bad for business, but on this matter he was really all talk: come Sunday he locked up like everybody else, certainly not eager to stand out in any way.
Master Petri was minding the counter today, and had Harry by the door handing out samples of their newest product, Charm Dust, to curious customers.
A sprinkle of Charm Dust in one's hair was supposed to increase charisma and beauty, but it was undetectable by the usual revealing spells targeting such enhancements.
Harry wasn't completely sure that the bright pink crystals actually did anything magical at all, but he kept a smile plastered on his face and offered a pinch to everyone who walked by.
There was a lull in the flow of customers entering the shop, and Harry's eyes absently followed the model snitch that was flitting agitatedly around the animated porcelain horse in the window display.
He fancied that he could feel the keen gaze of Master Petri boring into his back, but of course when he turned around to look the man was busy selling what looked like a thin metal spring to a dark-haired witch, and didn't seem to be paying Harry any mind at all.
Harry narrowed his eyes and turned away again.
The snitch was gone now.
The uneasy feeling of being watched returned.
Resolutely, he kept his eyes fixed on a spot of chipped paint on the wall and tried to ignore the urge to look around again.
Looking at Master Petri wasn't going to answer any of his questions about why the man was watching him.
Suddenly, there was a whooshing sound, and Harry's gaze jerked toward the fireplace, which had flared the bright green of floo travel.
Tongues of flame danced wickedly in the tall grate, grasping about like fingers, but no figure or face appeared, and after a few moments they died down back into a tame orange flicker.
Glancing at Master Petri, Harry saw that he had a somewhat worried but not surprised expression on his face, and had moved to leave his place behind the counter.
Harry watched as he came up to the fireplace and waved his hand impatiently.
Obligingly, Harry got up from his sample table and slid behind the counter, pulling the step stool forward so he could stand at a comfortable level above the cash box and at eye level with customers.
In the few seconds it had taken for them to switch, a small queue of witches and wizards had already collected.
"Servus," Harry greeted the first with a nod.
The wizard returned the greeting and put a wooden box with a crank onto the counter.
Harry looked at it for a nervous moment of uncertainty, trying to figure out which box-shaped object this one was, before he remembered the cheat-sheet in the sliding panel underneath the counter and surreptitiously tapped his wand to the enchanted paper, concentrating on the item he wanted.
It was a lullaby-singing chest.
"Five galleons and twelve sickles," he said.
The man handed over the money and Harry dropped it into the deceptively cute little opening on the cash box, which briefly showed some teeth as it "ate" the coins.
It then gave a low burp.
"Have a nice day," Harry told the departing wizard.
He finished selling a remembrall and an astronomical wristwatch to an elderly witch, an animated figurine of a dragon to a harried-looking wizard with a bouncing little boy at his side, and several rolls of permanent sticking and spello-tape to a lanky teenaged girl, before the fireplace flared green again and Master Petri stepped out.
The first thing Harry noticed was that he seemed significantly more on edge and stressed than he had been before.
The second was that he was wearing the horrible, cold face that he always had when somebody or something was taking money away from him, like he was trying not to be angry and failing on every account.
He stood there, stiffly, half-hovering at the counter, as Harry dealt with the next three customers.
As soon as the queue disappeared Master Petri was at Harry's side, pressing some small object into his hand.
Harry looked down and saw a very tiny vial, of the familiar type that Master Petri usually used to hold blood and keep it fresh.
It was filled, though really there wasn't room for more than an thimbleful of liquid.
"Lucius Malfoy's; don't lose it," Master Petri said extraordinarily quietly, so that only the sight of his mouth moving convinced Harry that he had spoken at all.
"What?"
Harry managed to reply a little stupidly.
Master Petri glared at him and made a shushing motion.
Harry closed his mouth and put the little vial of blood into the deep recesses of his pocket.
"Go to your closet.
Don't trust Malfoy," Master Petri said, continuing to be unbelievably cryptic.
Unwilling to stoke his teacher's ire at the moment, Harry did as he was told, heading toward the floo.
When he made it through the dizzying green flames and was spat out into the workroom, everything suddenly began to make simultaneously more and less sense.
Lucius Malfoy was standing in the middle of the room, leaning elegantly on his silver, snake-head cane and lounging regally despite his surroundings.
Harry stood flabbergasted for a moment as he tried to put everything together.
Why had Master Petri sent him here to be alone with Lucius Malfoy?
Why had he given Harry the blond wizard's blood?
Then Harry remembered that he was supposed to go to his closet, and not in fact chat with Lucius Malfoy, and awkwardly nodded to the man before heading for the trap door.
"Harry Potter," Lucius Malfoy said suddenly, his voice a smooth drawl.
He sounded far too pleased for his own good, and Harry paused warily, trying to understand how he had any importance at all, such that Lucius Malfoy knew his name in the first place.
Did apprentices come up often in business discussions?
Somehow, Harry doubted it.
"Yes, Mr.
Malfoy?"
Harry answered cautiously.
"What is the Boy-Who-Lived doing here?
Is this a scheme of Dumbledore's?"
Lucius Malfoy murmured, and it was hard to tell whether he was even addressing Harry at all.
Harry figured he must be, if indirectly.
Was today some special day where one talked in riddles, one whose announcement Harry had missed?
"I don't understand what you're saying," Harry said honestly.
Lucius Malfoy's grey eyes glinted.
"You are Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived," he stated.
Harry tried to process this statement in any way he could.
Of course he suddenly remembered the incident – well, it could not really be called an incident, but the moment – in the shop with Lucius Malfoy's son.
Harry didn't remember the boy's name but he certainly remembered the funny reaction he had had to Harry's own name, and all the fantastical titles that had accompanied it.
He still didn't understand any details, but he understood enough to know that it was something important.
How common was the name Harry Potter?
Apparently not common enough.
Lucius Malfoy seemed to take Harry's extended silence as some kind of affirmation.
Affirmation of what, Harry wasn't sure, but he felt distinctly tense and discomfited.
"Excuse me, but my master said to go to my, er, room, so I'm going to do that," he said a little awkwardly and breathily, and then tried to turn to leave, though he was reluctant to put his back to Lucius Malfoy.
Lucius Malfoy laughed a little, sophisticated-sounding laugh, though Harry couldn't see what was funny at all.
"Forget your… master," the blond wizard said slowly, "and tell me how this happened.
It's criminal, you understand, for a lowlife like that to keep someone like you locked up and ignorant."
Harry found it distinctly weird to hear Master Petri referred to as a "lowlife," when despite himself he had grown some healthy respect for the man's magical skill, if nothing else.
And even though what Lucius Malfoy was saying did sound technically right, something about it felt off to Harry, maybe something as nebulous as the cadence of the man's voice, but something nonetheless.
Maybe it was the use of words like "locked up" or "ignorant."
Harry wasn't locked up, exactly.
And he also wasn't ignorant, was he?
The whole point of the apprenticeship was that he was learning things.
And he was learning things; that was something that was undeniable.
The fireplace flared with green flame, saving Harry from trying to figure out something to say.
Master Petri emerged, spinning exactly into place without stumbling.
He cast a glance over the room and his gaze lingered on Harry.
"You're still here," he commented.
Harry started.
"Sorry sir, I'll just-" "No, stay," Master Petri said, waving his hand dismissively.
He turned to Lucius Malfoy.
"You wanted renegotiation?"
Lucius Malfoy pursed his lips in a poised look of disapproval.
"You wanted renegotiation, I believe.
I was told you would be adequate for the task, but perhaps my contacts were wrong."
"The Dark Lord is still alive," Master Petri said bluntly.
Harry was surprised that he had given up that information without further prompting; he had been under the impression that Master Petri wanted to extract money from Lucius Malfoy somehow and that this was not the way to do it.
But Lucius Malfoy actually looked much thrown by this revelation, his previously perfect composure cracking visibly before he managed to regain himself.
"You are certain?"
he demanded, and then he seemed to think better of the question, and asked instead, "How is that possible?"
Master Petri looked unimpressed.
"It is my task to deal with the dead, and I know what they look like.
It was your task to support the Dark Lord, and you should know what kind of wizard he is."
Harry thought the answer was a bit roundabout and confusing, but it seemed to hit Lucius Malfoy hard in several ways.
"I – you dare?
You're accusing me of-" he stopped abruptly, as if uncertain what exactly it was that Master Petri was accusing him of after all.
Finally, he managed, "I was placed under the imperius curse," though it sounded stilted.
Master Petri shook his head rather condescendingly.
"So you will not seek him out?
He cannot be too far from here, in fact.
The quality of scrying decreases much with distance."
Lucius Malfoy paled considerably, so that his already pasty complexion somehow managed to take on the colour of bleached parchment.
He then seemed to regain some resolve.
"This is not what I came here for," he said, straightening a little.
He opened his mouth again, clearly ready to state his actual purpose, but Master Petri cut him off.
"I am sure he would be pleased to hear that," he said with a little smile.
Lucius Malfoy grimaced.
"Don't threaten me.
If he's alive, then why is he hiding?
He must have been weakened, driven away," Malfoy said, turning to gaze meaningfully at Harry at that.
Harry frowned in frustrated bewilderment.
"I am not threatening you," Master Petri replied calmly, "I am renegotiating."
Lucius Malfoy just looked at him for a long time, and Harry got the distinct impression that he was very annoyed, but also somehow unable to act at the moment.
"Very well then," he finally said, "to the point then.
It has recently come to my attention that your apprentice seems a little young to be doing magic."
Master Petri narrowed his eyes.
"This again?
I thought you meant to do business!"
he said accusingly, and rather rightfully, Harry thought.
He was rather alarmed that the discussion suddenly seemed to be turning to him.
"He is of personal interest to me, you see, and I'm sure he cannot be very useful to you," Lucius Malfoy continued undeterred.
Harry bristled at the clear insult, but knew that he was being summarily ignored at the moment.
"I would like him to come with me, if that's agreeable to you.
I will pay you the original sum we agreed upon for your information and your, ah, silence, of course, and an additional two thousand galleons as well, as compensation."
Harry stared at the man, trying not to gape.
Was Malfoy basically offering to buy him?
He didn't know whether to be horribly indignant or flattered.
"I apologize, but that's out of the question.
My apprentice is very useful to me," Master Petri said after a beat, his accent coming into sudden clarity at the enunciated words.
For a second, Harry almost felt heartwarmed that miserly Master Petri actually valued him more than a small fortune before he remembered one piece of important business advice, about what Master Petri called "Antiselektion," whatever that meant.
It boiled down to, "refuse offers that are too good to be true."
And if anybody was making a ridiculous offer right now, it was Lucius Malfoy.
Harry was probably worth a sickle to his master, realistically.
Two thousand galleons just flat out made no sense, and Lucius Malfoy clearly knew something they didn't.
He cheered up at the thought that the world had not gone topsy-turvy and Master Petri was still an utter bastard.
"Three thousand, then," Malfoy offered after a small pause.
Harry had to press his lips together this time.
He wasn't supposed to raise after being rejected.
Harry could practically feel the tension suddenly permeating the room.
Master Petri looked distinctly less calm than he had before.
As much as he liked seeing the man ruffled, however, Harry would rather it not be now, when the subject at hand regarded his fate, and especially not when Master Petri was being tempted with his only weakness, money.
"The boy has ten-thousand galleon value to me," Master Petri answered then, looking resolute.
What.
That flat expression of bewilderment, no longer even a question, was the only thing that ran through Harry's mind for a few moments.
Harry didn't think that he had ever heard something so outrageous come out of Master Petri's mouth, and plenty of outrageous things indeed emerged daily.
But despite himself, he could see the cleverness in the move.
The huge amount was equivalent to "no," but prevented Malfoy from making further offers without either bankrupting himself or looking stupid.
Or perhaps not.
"That's your price then?"
Malfoy pressed, looking victorious, probably rightly, "Very well."
Harry was now just outright flabbergasted, and clearly, so was Master Petri, because there was no conceivable riposte to what Malfoy had just done, really.
"There's paperwork do be done," Master Petri said finally.
"It will take a week or two."
"Of course," Lucius Malfoy said graciously, nodding.
"If you will excuse me, then, I will be going.
Good day."
The blond man strode over to the fireplace and disappeared in a whirl of green flames.
Suddenly, something occurred to Harry.
"How did he get up here at all?"
he asked.
Master Petri turned about, looking furious.
"That is what you ask, after all this?"
the man spat.
Harry flinched, realising himself how stupid the question was.
Master Petri answered him anyway, "I gave him ward access, after his original advance payment.
A mistake, perhaps."
Harry quieted, watching Master Petri pace back and forth, clearly quite agitated.
He stopped suddenly, hands clasped behind his back, and began muttering to himself rapidly in German.
"He would pay ten thousand galleons if he had to, but he doesn't have to.
He must have ways.
But why so much?
How?"
He turned to Harry and gave him a scrutinising once-over.
"Sir, he called me the Boy-Who-Lived, whatever that means," Harry brought up cautiously, figuring that that was the only special thing about him he could think of.
Master Petri abruptly froze, hands falling to his sides.
"Harry Potter," he said.
"Harry Potter, Harry Potter!"
Harry stared, uncertain whether to speak up.
"I'm an utter fool," Master Petri said to himself with a tone of wonder, reaching up and twisting his hair agitatedly.
He then looked straight at Harry, scrutinizing him with dark, beady eyes.
"You yourself didn't know, did you?
How could you not have known?"
he demanded.
Harry shook his head in bewilderment.
"Know what, sir?"
he shook his head again, "About the Boy-Who-Lived thing?
No.
Was I supposed to know?
What is it anyway?"
Master Petri seemed about as flabbergasted by the entire situation as Harry felt, though likely for somewhat different reasons.
With a harsh twirl of his wand he summoned his chair and sat down heavily, looking older than Harry had ever seen him.
"Sit down," he said without much particular intonation.
Harry obeyed, settling cross-legged on the ground.
Another twirl of Master Petri's wand summoned a crisp, seamlessly-bound volume from a nearby bookshelf.
"The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts," Harry saw on the spine, in English, as Master Petri opened the book.
There was an enchantment symbol that Harry recognised in a corner of the front cover that indicated the book was a self-updating edition.
Master Petri flipped through it manually for a few moments before he found what he was looking for, and began to read aloud.
"On the thirty-first of October, 1981, Lord Voldemort's reign of terror came to an abrupt and unexpected end: he was hit by his own rebounded killing curse.
The exact circumstances of his death remain a topic of scholarly debate, as this particular form of malfunction of the killing curse was unprecedented at the time.
The intended victim of the curse, a one-year-old Harry Potter, Harry Potter," he repeated Harry's name with ample frustration, before continuing, "was left unharmed but for a wound in the shape of a lightning bolt at the impact site.
Understandably, this outcome was also a source of uproar for the academic community and the wizarding world at large, as no one had ever survived a direct hit from a properly-cast killing curse in recorded history.
"The mysterious and to-date unexplained nature of the event has led to popular use throughout the British magical community of the moniker, the "Boy-Who-Lived," to refer to surviving member of the Potter family.
The Potters are today widely hailed as heroes for their hand in defeating one of the greatest and most terrible dark wizards in history."
A lot of questions and objections had sprung into Harry's mind while Master Petri read, but he had wisely kept his mouth shut.
Now, however, they were jockeying for first position as it seemed he would have an opportunity to voice them.
Before he said anything else though, he needed to make sure he was understanding this correctly.
It didn't help that he had once again forgotten the name of the Dark Lord.
"It's talking about the Dark Lord, like that Dark Lord, right?
The one who's still alive?"
he asked.
Master Petri snapped the book shut, looking unimpressed, as Harry had expected he would.
"Yes, that Dark Lord.
Lord Voldemort."
Voldemort, Harry thought to himself, trying hard to remember it this time.
What a strange name.
"The point is that Lucius Malfoy wants you at any cost because you are famous in his country.
Doubtless he'd love to use you.
Or perhaps kill you.
Anyhow, what I do not understand at all is how you ended up living like a mudblood with no idea of anything," Master Petri said, stopping there expectantly as if Harry was supposed to know the reason for his own ignorance.
"Well I was with my aunt and uncle," Harry offered.
His aunt and uncle who were muggles, he realised then.
That must imply that he was half-mudblood, or something like that.
He wondered if that was bad.
Master Petri sneered.
"They were muggles," he emphasised, as if that explained everything, "Why would anyone leave anything important with muggles, especially a wizard's child?
Madness!"
Harry supposed that Master Petri had a point.
It was also clear that the Dursleys hadn't wanted him in the first place, so obviously their opinions hadn't mattered either.
Neither he nor Master Petri could provide an adequate explanation, and after a few moments of silent consideration Master Petri seemed to decide that it was unimportant.
"Lucius Malfoy is a liar and a cheat, and is certainly not coming back with ten thousand galleons," he declared with grim confidence.
"No doubt he's calling the aurors as we speak."
Harry recalled that the aurors were like the wizarding police.
Master Petri mentioned them often whenever he explained which things were allowed to go in the main shop and which were not.
"Couldn't he have just done that before?"
Harry wondered aloud.
Why had Lucius Malfoy gone through the whole farce of trying to pay Master Petri if he wasn't going to go through with it anyway?
"For a certain price, he was willing to keep his options open.
My cooperation is nevertheless not worth twice his original offer," Master Petri explained.
"I should have accepted it.
Now I have to lose you anyway, and for nothing."
"What do you mean?"
Harry asked quickly, uneasiness beginning to creep upon him.
Something about Master Petri's regretful tone seemed wrong.
But Master Petri couldn't get rid of him or kill him, could he?
The apprenticeship contract would prevent something like that, and it was not so easily nullified.
"I can't afford to be caught," Master Petri said, shaking his head.
He raised his wand and intoned, "Ich spreche dich frei."
Harry had to take back the last thought he had, because in fact, the apprenticeship contract could be nullified instantly in one way, and that was by qualification.
Harry obviously wasn't really qualified for anything, despite what Master Petri, who, he supposed, was no longer his teacher, had just said, but it wouldn't matter if, say, he was about to die.
"Freedom" indeed.
Harry scrambled to his feet and dove to the side just in time to avoid a bright white spell that seemed to open a slash in the air as it went.
He wasn't so lucky as to be able to resist a strong banishing charm, which sent him careening into the wall behind him, sending shocks of pain across his back.
Despite the uselessness of it, Harry reached for his wand, managing to grab it and point it at Petri.
It was an absurd gesture, seeing as Harry didn't know any spells.
He shut his eyes and tried to make peace with the inescapable reality of Petri's next overpowered severing charm.
A sudden glare seeped through his eyelids, like a flash of noonday sun, and he heard a crash and a pained yell.
Cracking open his eyes, Harry saw with wonder that a shimmering golden dome had somehow sprung up around him, the pulsating, soft glow apparently emanating from his entire body, with his wand hand glowing most brightly.
Petri was now mirroring him up against the opposite wall, with the difference that he had crashed into a glass storage cabinet, which, no doubt thanks to unbreakable charms, had not shattered all over him, but instead had reciprocated the full force of his approach.
His face was set in a noticeable rictus of pain, and he looked more than a little singed, though from what, Harry couldn't fathom.
He didn't have much time to make any other observations, however, before the soothing golden glow began to dissipate, and he felt suddenly hollow and alone, his wand again a useless stick in his hand.
The room seemed far darker than it had been even before, and a paralysing, unanticipated fear welled from his chest to choke him.
Petri's wand arm slashed through the air with a snarled, "Stupefy!"
and the world disappeared behind a flash of red.
A/N: "What kind of crap is this, and why did it take so long?"
you may be wondering.
To the former question, your guess is as good as mine.
To the latter, some combination of inertia and a lack of time is the culprit.
As usual I have no idea what's going on in this story and ridiculous things continue to happen.
And plot coherence is probably just going to go downhill from here, I fear.
Read at your own risk, review at your leisure.
And thanks for your support of this strange venture.
Also because this story is from Harry's perspective, I wasn't able to make clear as I usually do one German term, "Antiselektion."
It means "adverse selection.
"The first thing Harry noticed when he awoke was that he was, well, awake.
Alive.
He didn't feel too strange, either.
He wasn't in pain at all, and he seemed to be sleeping on a bed.
Cautiously, he opened his eyes fully and saw a white, strangely wrinkled-looking ceiling above him.
He wasn't in his cot in Petri's closet; that was for certain.
In fact, he did not recognise the room he was in at all, if it really was a room.
Besides being wrinkly, the ceiling also sloped downward at an increasingly great angle until it seemed to meld into the wall, and all of it was curved, as if he were inside a large dome.
Presently, a flap in the wall that he had not noticed opened up, and the unmistakable form of Petri entered.
Harry scrambled to find his glasses, saw them on a dresser table beside the bed, and shoved them onto his face.
His wand, alas, was not in as easy reach, being nowhere in sight.
Seeing as he wasn't dead, Harry supposed Petri had changed his mind about killing him.
Harry was not sure what he thought about what had happened.
Firstly, it was not clear whether he ought to feel betrayed.
Having always known that Petri was not to be trusted and that he was entirely self-serving and, in a word, evil, Harry did not think that there had been anything to betray.
All the same, perhaps some insidious sense of understanding, or at least a habit of day-to-day trust, had built itself between them, and the snapping of that tenuous thread left him feeling small and very alone.
Indeed then, perhaps Harry did feel betrayed.
Looking at Petri didn't rouse any of that feeling, however, and elicited rather a vague but insistent nervousness.
The pervasive loneliness didn't go away.
"You're awake," Petri said.
Harry was surprised, because the man wasn't usually one for stating the obvious.
He also hadn't spoken to Harry in English in a while.
With a sudden burst of insight into his character, Harry realised that Petri must be feeling very awkward at the moment.
Harry nodded, electing to stay silent.
He wasn't sure what would happen if he opened his mouth now; whether there would be an outpour of questions or accusations, and whether either of those things would lead to a good result.
"How are you feeling?"
Petri asked, in exactly the wrong tone for those words.
It probably wasn't a phrase he needed to use often.
After some consideration, Harry finally answered, simply, "Fine."
This response seemed to irritate Petri, but Harry could also tell that he was trying his best to make nice.
Deciding that it couldn't hurt to make it easier, seeing as technically, he was still fully at Petri's mercy, Harry decided to provide a different topic.
"Where are we?"
he asked.
This course of action seemed to be the right one, for Petri's funny expression relaxed slightly.
"We're camping in a tent."
This tent was awfully house-like, Harry thought, but all the same the sloped canvas ceiling and the flap doors now made more sense.
Probably it was enchanted all over with expansion charms and space-folding charms.
"I see," he said, a little lamely.
He tried to think of something else to say.
Petri seemed to get tired of their charade at last and got to the point: "Look, I want to apologise for," he paused, and for a moment, looked like he wanted to employ a euphemism, but then thought better of it, "for trying to kill you off.
I was being too hasty.
I wasn't thinking things through.
I let my anger get the better of me."
Harry had to admit privately that he was a little impressed.
It had to have taken a lot out of Petri to own up to his mistake.
Then again, he had tried to murder his erstwhile apprentice for no good reason.
The least he could do was apologise.
"It's fine," Harry said, even though it wasn't fine, because he really had no other option but to forgive Petri.
He wouldn't forget it, though.
It would be a mistake to let his guard down, for what little his guard was worth around a fully-trained dark wizard.
"It won't happen again," Petri said.
Indeed, Harry certainly hoped not.
"But if you're to continue to stay with me, which you must, unless you want into fall into Lucius Malfoy's hands, there is planning to do," Petri continued.
For a moment, Harry wondered whether it might just be better to go with Lucius Malfoy after all.
Then he remembered that Lucius Malfoy was, at one point at least, a servant of the Dark Lord, whose defeat was associated with baby Harry.
Also, Lucius Malfoy was slimy.
There was no telling his motive.
If there was any negative thing that Petri was not, it was slimy.
On the contrary he just tended to be very straightforwardly evil.
Harry felt that he himself was also a straightforward person, and did not deal too well with sliminess.
Even if he would be reluctant to admit it aloud, the likes of Malfoy would probably confound him with too many tricks and lies.
And that was assuming Malfoy wanted him for a political reason of some kind, and not just to kill him.
"You'll have to trust me for now," said Petri, and Harry returned his attention to the man.
He felt a sudden flash of anger now, a heated knot in his stomach.
"Trust you?
How am I supposed to trust you after, after that?"
he demanded, unable to see straight for a moment.
Then he remembered that he still had no means of self-defence, and that even if he was apologising, Petri was still in power.
The knot of anger turned into one of worry, and then threatened to bubble into anger again at his helplessness.
Fortunately, Petri seemed to have expected some kind of outburst, and had perhaps even been worried before at the lack of one.
"As you say, there can be no trust between us anymore.
Therefore I am prepared to offer an Unbreakable Vow.
It is vital that we can work together comfortably."
Harry frowned, failing to see how his cooperation was necessary.
"Why?
And how can a vow be unbreakable?"
"The penalty for breaking it is death, that's how.
The situation now is that I am a fugitive, and you still need to be taught up to a reasonable journeyman level.
I cannot teach you if you are always paranoid," Petri explained.
"You want to keep teaching me?"
Harry demanded, a little bit bewildered.
"There are few practitioners of the craft, and I must eventually pass it on," Petri said.
It was then that Harry realised that he was talking about the "other," and not just enchantment.
Still, it occurred to him that something was strange.
"How did you qualify me before, if I wasn't qualified?"
he wanted to know.
"Did I actually get qualified?"
"Yes and no," Petri answered.
"Like most paper contracts, the apprenticeship contract is mostly enforced legally, not magically.
The only thing magical about it is the teaching oath and the no undue harm clause, both of which are weak because they are unspecific.
To be officially qualified you must pass an exam by an authority.
It used to be a guild; now it is a standard by the International Confederation of Wizards.
I could declare you ready at any time, as you saw.
After all, I did not expect you to sue me afterwards."
That effectively meant that Petri could have broken the contract at any time, if he had wished.
"That seems unfair" Harry pointed out, "and unsafe."
Petri shrugged elegantly.
"This same contract has been around for several hundred years.
It tends to serve the majority fine.
At least it isn't an entirely muggle piece of parchment."
Harry had to give him that.
One couldn't rely on magic for everything, he supposed.
"So does that mean I'm still your apprentice?"
Harry asked.
"If you like.
We are not exactly able to use legal means right now, so it must be informal," Petri replied.
"We can't go back to your workshop, then?"
Harry continued, trying to get a better grasp of what was going on.
Petri had said something about being a fugitive.
Aurors must have come then, like he had predicted.
Harry assumed that that was the reason why they were now staying in a tent.
Petri nodded.
"I've saved almost all my materials anyway.
Rosenkol helped much.
There was still enough evidence left over that they most certainly could give me the Kiss, however."
"The Kiss, like a dementor's kiss?"
Harry repeated with some horror.
"Yes; capital punishment," Petri confirmed dismissively.
Harry frowned.
"I thought you could control them."
Petri snorted.
"Nobody can control dementors.
You can use force, or reason with them, but no reason in the world will stop them from eating something helpless that they were told to eat."
Harry supposed that was fair, even if it was horrible.
"Anyway, let us do the vow.
It's a ritual of three magical persons: the promisor, the recipient, and the bonder.
Rosenkol will serve as our bonder.
We clasp hands, you state the terms, and I agree to them.
Simple enough," Petri said.
As he was gesticulating, Harry noticed for the first time that Petri's arm, the one that wasn't his wand arm, was wrapped in a cloth bandage.
This was strange, since Harry knew that there was a simple charm for healing most surface wounds.
Fixing the damage from flying into a wall could not have given Petri any trouble.
Deciding that now would be an inappropriate time to inquire, he resolved to ask later when an opportunity came up.
Instead, Harry asked, "What terms are we doing again?"
Petri looked a little amused.
"That I will not attempt to kill or maim you, perhaps.
You can call it permanent harm.
And that I will teach you my art as a master should his apprentice, and be responsible for you.
Just like before.
Is that enough for you?"
"That's a bit vague, and you said things like that were weak, before," Harry pointed out, still rather confused by how the vow worked.
Did it work like the oath Petri used to take for his customers, where only the letter of the law needed to be followed?
From what he had seen of things, magic didn't seem very good at enforcement.
"It doesn't matter," Petri said rather dismissively.
"The Unbreakable Vow goes around usual limitations by using the bonder's magic.
So the bonder's honest interpretation is all that matters."
"Rosenkol?"
Harry muttered a little sceptically.
"He hates me," he pointed out.
"And he loves you."
Petri laughed.
"Well you must take that into account then, when you speak."
Harry thought it was pointless to go through a vow if Petri expected to be able to evade it somehow.
And he couldn't even tell if Petri was being truthful about how the vow worked.
For all Harry knew, it might not even be real.
Then again, everything Petri had ever told him about magic seemed to be true enough.
Perhaps it was force of habit from being a teacher.
One could hope.
"Let's make it a point that you won't try to find a loophole in the vow," Harry suggested.
Assuming Petri had told the truth, not even Rosenkol could misinterpret that, right?
And it was probably better than nothing.
"As you wish," Petri said equitably.
Harry supposed that he probably did intend to keep his word, at least presently.
But it was important to make sure that that did not change in the future, which was the whole point of the vow, anyway, he supposed.
"Are we doing it in English?
Does he even speak English?"
Harry remembered to ask.
"Yes, of course he does," Petri confirmed.
He summoned Rosenkol then, and instructed the strange house elf about the circumstances, in rapid German that Harry only caught the half of.
Rosenkol nodded to show his understanding, and then shot Harry a somewhat surly look, as if blaming him for the necessity of such an action.
Harry tried to look indifferent instead of annoyed.
He still had no idea why the stupid house elf seemed to dislike him so much.
Then Petri gave Rosenkol his wand.
Harry thought he remembered reading somewhere that magical creatures were banned from using wands.
Then again, even if that was the case, Petri was hardly the most law-abiding of fellows.
With the way the house elf went about wielding the wand, he had clearly used one before and probably knew much more about it than Harry did.
Petri knelt down and held out his right arm, and Harry copied him.
They clasped hands, Petri's withered, long-fingered grip surprisingly warm and strong.
"Uh, what exactly do I do," a somewhat flustered Harry asked.
Now that they were actually performing the vow, he realised that Petri had not really gone into sufficient detail.
"Ask me if I agree to the terms.
'Will you, Joachim Petri, do a certain thing?'
I answer that I will, and you continue, 'And will you do the next thing?'
and so on," Petri explained very nicely this time.
Harry nodded, thankful also that he had mentioned his first name; by now Harry had nearly forgotten it, having never heard it used.
"Ready?"
Rosenkol inquired in his slow, reedy voice.
Both parties nodded.
The elf set the tip of the wand to rest against their clasped hands and looked expectantly at Harry.
Taking a moment to think through what he was about to say, Harry began: "Will you, Joachim Petri, refrain from harming me permanently?"
"I will," said Joachim Petri solemnly.
A bright band of red light flared from the wand, like a tongue of fire and wound itself about their arms.
Harry flinched slightly but continued, "And will you continue to teach me as a master should teach an apprentice?"
"I will," said Joachim Petri again.
A second thread of light shot out and entwined itself with the first.
"And will you follow this vow honestly as you think I mean it, without using any loopholes?"
That was the best Harry could do at short notice, for extra safeguard.
Hopefully whatever complicated magic made this vow work would account for the rest.
"I will," said Joachim Petri for the last time, a glimmer of amusement appearing in his eye.
A last red thread came to bind them together, and then the entire thing seemed to sink inside them, disappearing.
A heavy feeling that Harry had not even noticed before lifted suddenly, and it felt easier to breathe.
Although it had occurred to Harry before the little ritual that it could be a lie and all for show, the atmosphere during the process and now afterwards helped marginally in convincing him of its authenticity.
It remained to be seen how effective it actually was.
Petri let go of his hand and stood, dusting himself off.
Rosenkol returned his wand, which he slid up his robe sleeve with a deft flick of the wrist.
The house elf slunk out of the room, wearing his usual pinched expression.
"We should discuss safety, then.
Right now we are in an unplottable part of a forest somewhere.
A wizard who does not want to be found is very difficult to find – every government knows this, and they would not be looking for me, except that you are with me, and Lucius Malfoy no doubt has government friends.
Therefore we must get rid of you," Petri said.
There it was again, this whole highly uncomfortable discourse about Harry and his removal from existence.
Only the fact that Petri had literally just made that Unbreakable Vow, and that he could have easily killed Harry while he had been passed out, was keeping him from going on some kind of emotional rampage or perhaps trying to escape.
"There's a charm called the fidelius charm," Petri began, quite unexpectedly, "It allows a secret to be kept completely hidden from discovery.
Only the secret keeper can divulge the information contained in the secret.
I'm sure you can see that it is either the strongest or weakest protection possible, as it is based on trust."
Harry nodded, though he really didn't see yet why Petri was bringing up this charm.
Was he planning on making their location secret instead of unplottable?
As far as Harry knew, making a place unplottable amounted to making it very hard to find except by accident or rote searching, since it made it impossible for anybody to communicate the location to anybody else in more than extremely general terms.
That seemed more than enough to protect a campsite.
Petri continued, "I want to put your identity under the fidelius.
Unfortunately, it requires trust, something we do not have enough of.
It would be the best choice, if we could somehow do it."
"If I have to trust you," Harry pointed out, "then I can't."
Entirely unsurprised, Petri corrected, "Not me.
I must cast the spell, and the caster cannot keep the secret.
It would need to be Rosenkol."
"Are you serious?"
Harry said, without much energy behind this query.
He wouldn't say that it would be impossible for him to ever trust Rosenkol, the way trust between him and Petri was out of the question, but at the same time Harry and Rosenkol had a far worse relationship of mutual contempt, whereas he and Petri could be civil.
Well, except when Petri had somehow decided to try to kill him.
"I believe you and Rosenkol can work out your differences.
We will wait a month, and then if it does not work I will have other measures prepared," Petri declared.
A month hardly seemed like enough time to get to know the surly little cretin enough that Harry could trust him.
Well, actually, perhaps it was.
It depended on what was meant by "trust."
At any rate, Harry did not say any of this aloud and instead asked, "What other measures?"
"A faked death would be best," replied Petri, pausing and frowning.
"For that I will need to brew a polyjuice potion, in order to make an authentic body.
But it can take up to a month, like I said, and I am no potions master.
It is also riskier."
Harry certainly did not pretend to know the mechanics of making an "authentic" corpse, and decided that it was probably gruesome or terrible in some way or other.
The fidelius charm, as difficult as its requirement was, sounded at least mostly benign.
"I'll try with Rosenkol," he said, "if he tries too."
"You two had better start now," Petri suggested.
"Madness, that I tolerated this ridiculous rivalry for so long."
Rivalry was an odd word to use, Harry thought, but he said nothing.
At this point, the door flap opened a crack and Rosenkol poked his head inside, revealing that he had probably been eavesdropping on their conversation this whole time.
Not that it was technically eavesdropping, since Harry supposed nobody had ever stipulated that the house elf couldn't listen in, but it still seemed somehow rude.
"He's a muggle," Rosenkol complained in German, not even looking at Harry as he spoke.
Petri sighed.
"That's exactly what you said to me when you first saw me," he retorted.
Rosenkol had the grace to look sheepish.
"Master Joachim has shown Rosenkol he was wrong.
Master Joachim is strong," he muttered.
"Harry isn't a muggle.
He's uneducated.
You can teach him," Petri told the house elf.
He turned to Harry, "Rosenkol is right, of course.
It's about time you learned to cast spells."
At this, Harry could not help but feel a sudden burst of excitement.
"You mean I'm old enough, finally?"
"You told me you were born at the end of July, right?
Yesterday or the day before must have been your birthday," Petri informed him, "And that is good enough."
Harry blinked at this.
"How long was I asleep?"
he asked, glancing back at the rumpled bed as if it would give him any hints.
He didn't feel stiff or hungry, but that could easily be attributed to magic.
"About a week," was the reply.
"You dangerously overextended an enchantment."
Overextending an enchantment, Harry had learned before, happened when an enchantment that was sustained by a wizard somehow started drawing an increasingly great flow of magic, causing heavy physical and mental strain that could be deadly.
The classic example, from which the name had probably originated, was casting any extension charm on something that already had the undetectable extension charm on it, which could have drastic consequences, first overextension and then an explosive blast.
Except Harry didn't think he was in possession of any enchanted items that could react that way, or that he had done anything of the sort.
Or had he?
He recalled the golden dome that had sprung up to shield him from Petri's attacks.
It must have been accidental magic, perhaps amplified by the wand in his hand, but he still didn't see how that counted as an enchantment.
"How?"
Harry finally asked.
Petri shook his head.
"There was a complex protective enchantment on you.
I've never seen anything like it before.
It burned me badly; certainly strong dark magic."
He held up his bandaged left hand, which Harry had forgotten about.
Harry supposed that magical injuries must be much more difficult to heal.
"I had an enchantment on me?
Why?"
Harry wondered aloud.
"Is it still there?"
"I don't know why.
And no; it broke, unfortunately, after it drew too much power.
Otherwise you might have died," Petri replied.
Harry nodded, and then noticed that "unfortunately" had been put in the same statement as "otherwise you might have died," and frowned.
He still couldn't tell whether Petri would rather see him dead or alive.
It was maddening.
"Don't worry about it.
And here is your wand."
Petri reached into his robe pocket and produced the familiar stick of willow and dragon heartstring.
Willow was apparently a very good wood for charms.
Petri's wand was also made of willow, though Harry didn't know what the core was.
Harry took his own wand and felt a familiar sense of acceptance, not quite warm but comforting nonetheless.
"The mug—mudblood wants to learn?"
Rosenkol piped up, still not looking at Harry.
Harry wanted to point out that he wasn't a mudblood either, but decided that it would not be worth the effort to argue, and furthermore that it would be entirely the wrong approach to dealing with the cranky old house elf.
"Yes, I do," he said.
Rosenkol finally deigned to look at him.
There was a very dull, unenthused look in his big black eyes.
They stared uncomfortably at each other for a few moments before Rosenkol finally spoke to him, for once.
"First charm, lighting charm.
You can do it, can't you?
If you are not a muggle or a squib."
Suddenly, Harry wasn't feeling exactly as confident as before, seeing as the derisive Rosenkol and also his real teacher, Petri, were watching him closely.
He recalled that the incantation was lumos, felt less sure than he wanted to be that he recalled correctly, and tried to steel himself.
It was just a lighting charm, right?
The simplest charm in the book.
It didn't even have a wand movement.
Even a near-squib could do it, and Harry wasn't a squib.
"Lumos," he said clearly, not sure what to expect, though he had his eyes trained on the tip of his wand.
A weak glow appeared, and then extinguished itself.
Harry felt his heart sink along with it.
"Tch," Rosenkol said, which showed exactly what he thought of the attempt.
Petri was much more charitable, and more forthcoming with help: "Decent.
You need to focus on the result you want and stress the first syllable more."
Steeling himself, Harry tried again.
"Lumos," he pronounced with more determination this time, trying his best to expect a beam of light to sprout from his wand.
It worked, sort of.
He saw it, had to look away, noticed it wavering a little and tried to keep his resolve.
The beam steadied.
"Very good," Petri said, nodding.
"This is a simple first projection spell.
All projection spells have the same form as the lighting spell, a beam of light from your wand."
Harry nodded, remembering the basics of the theory he had read about before.
"And what are the other types of spells?"
Petri asked him.
"Kinetic," Harry recalled, "and alteration and, er, creation."
"Good," Petri confirmed.
"Charms of all types are commonly seen, but I hope you recall that a majority of charms are kinetic spells.
Very few non-charms are kinetic, and this is an advantage of charms."
Harry nodded.
He did remember learning about all this, now that Petri provided him with a refresher.
Now Petri turned to Rosenkol, and ordered, some exasperation colouring his tone, "Just teach him like that, yes?
He will soon upgrade himself to his rightful half-blood status."
With that rather strange exhortation, Petri exited the room, the door flapping behind him.
Now that Harry was alone with Rosenkol, he felt the awkwardness of the room increase twofold.
Rosenkol looked from the door to Harry and then back to the door, and then gave a funny sigh.
He snapped his fingers, and a huge, familiar tome appeared in his spindly hands.
It was The Complete Compendium of Charms.
This appeared to be the English copy.
"Wizardling can learn all of these," Rosenkol declared.
He dropped the book on the floor and opened it to the first page.
"Amplifying charm," he said, pointing, after some consideration.
To his credit, it wasn't just the first charm on the page.
The first charm on the page was the absorption charm, and it was followed by the acceleration charm.
He didn't know anything about either of them and they were probably far beyond his level, judging from the many drawings of flying brooms that dominated half the page.
Harry looked at the indicated entry under Rosenkol's pointed fingernail.
"Amplifying charm.
Sonorus.
Tap-durative.
The amplifying charm amplifies all sound exiting a certain radius.
Common uses: voice or music amplification.
Countercharm: quieting charm," the entry's introduction read.
It didn't look very useful, but Harry supposed it also didn't look all that hard.
He searched for something to cast it on; he certainly wasn't going to try a new spell on himself.
Deciding that the side table by the bed was a good choice, he tapped his wand over it and pronounced, "Sonorus."
Then he hit his wand against it experimentally, to make a sound, and decided he couldn't tell the difference if it had got louder, so the spell had probably failed.
"Stupid human is pronouncing it wrong," Rosenkol said helpfully, without giving the correct pronunciation.
Scowling, Harry looked back at the book and scanned the pronunciation guide again.
Rosenkol had been right, but the elf could have been less smug about it.
He tried again, pronouncing it seemingly correctly that time, but still achieving no effect.
"I don't get it," he said, waiting for some further barb about stupidity.
He wasn't disappointed.
"Idiot cannot imagine result correctly.
You should try again until it works," Rosenkol told him, before taking a few steps back and then settling on the bed, lying down as if about to go to sleep.
Harry noticed that the elf usually talked about everything in third person, but occasionally switched to addressing Harry directly.
Since the Rosenkol clearly had not got over his dislike, Harry deduced that second person address was probably the elven version of being extra rude.
From Rosenkol's dismissive remarks, Harry figured that he was now pronouncing the spell correctly, so he just needed to believe in it and visualise it for it to work.
That was easier said than done, however.
He spent the next half hour tapping the wooden table and working himself into a rage, still unable to get any effect from the spell.
It was this scene of incessant tapping of the wand and chanting of "Sonorus!"
that Petri walked in upon some time later.
Rosenkol was curled up on the bed with his back turned, ears pressed to his skull and grumbling to himself, and Harry was practically bludgeoning the poor table with his stick of willow.
"Harry," Petri said dryly, and Harry stopped, suddenly noticing his own state of disarray and feeling a little shameful.
"Rosenkol," Petri said in the same tone.
The elf abruptly rolled off the bed and onto his feet, head down in contrition.
"Rosenkol begs Master Joachim for forgiveness," he said, though it hardly sounded like begging to Harry.
Petri gave a long-suffering sigh.
"You will stop this petulance at once.
It doesn't put you in a favourable light.
He cannot learn if he is not taught.
And Harry, if it doesn't work, repeating the same thing will not help."
"What do I do, then?"
Harry asked, out of ideas.
"Try a different spell," Petri suggested.
"The amplifying charm is not the ideal first alteration spell, even though it is in principle not difficult.
You would do better with the colour-changing charm, colovaria."
"I'll try that, then," Harry agreed, glad to having something new to attempt.
He thought he could see how the effects of the colour-changing charm would be much easier to imagine than those of the amplifying charm.
"Colovaria," he incanted, imitating Petri's pronunciation as he tapped the side table again, this time imagining the whole thing in green.
To his delight, it worked on the first try, even if not quite to the extent he would have liked; a radius of the table's surface turned an uneven forest green, as well as some part of the sides, so it looked like someone had cracked a large green egg overhead and it had splattered inelegantly.
"Keep practicing until you can control the area and consistency," Petri advised.
He took out his own wand and gave it a negligent flick.
The whole square top of the table turned a solid dark blue, the wood grain no longer visible except with close scrutiny.
Another flick of the wand, and the table looked like it had been expertly stained, the shade of blue varying with the light and dark patterns of the original wood.
One last wave of his wand dispelled the charm.
"I don't need to actually tap the table then?"
Harry asked, noticing that Petri had not made contact.
"The closer you are to the target, the easier the spell is, and a tap is usually recommended.
You should begin with that," Petri explained.
Harry nodded.
"Right.
Thank you, sir," he said, glad for any advice.
The experience of actually being able to do magic was unlike any other; there was something viscerally satisfying about achieving results from wand-waving.
"I will leave you to it, then.
Try to get along this time," Petri told them, though Harry was vindicated to see that he seemed to be directing the latter statement more towards Rosenkol than Harry.
When Petri had once more departed, Rosenkol knelt down on the ground with a pensive expression on his face.
It made him look marginally less wrinkled, and Harry left him to thinking while he tried to improve his colour-changing charm, encouraged by the way it actually seemed to respond to his desires.
Perhaps an hour later, when Harry was critically admiring his solidly bright pink side table and lamp, Rosenkol exited his stupor and moved to stand beside him.
"Wizardling works hard," the elf commented.
Harry blinked at him before deciding that it must be a compliment.
"Thanks," he said somewhat awkwardly.
"Rosenkol will apologise to wizardling for thinking he is a muggle.
Master Joachim is right, and Rosenkol is being petulant, and will stop," the elf said.
Harry didn't exactly know what petulant meant, but if it was indeed what the elf had been before, then he would be glad to see a change.
"Let's try to start over, then?"
Harry said uncertainly.
He held out his hand.
Rosenkol looked at it for an uncomfortably long time before he reached out and took it in his own spindly one, giving it a surprisingly firm shake.
"Wizardling offers Rosenkol hand like an equal.
Perhaps he is a good wizardling after all," remarked the elf.
Harry wasn't quite sure what to make of it.
Now that Rosenkol seemed to be acting weirdly nice, Harry didn't want to ruin anything by offending him.
"Well, actually, Rosenkol is actually definitely better than Harry.
At magic, anyway," Harry tried, finding it a little bit absurd to talk in third person but worried that second person might be somehow rude.
He seemed to have done the right thing, because Rosenkol suddenly brightened up considerably.
"Wizardling Harry addresses Rosenkol as his superior!"
he exclaimed in clear astonishment.
That wasn't exactly what Harry had intended, but now would be a bad time to say anything to the contrary.
The elf seemed very excited, indeed, and nothing like his usual bitter self.
"Rosenkol will teach him," said the elf, almost to himself.
"Yes, Rosenkol will make him worthy of Master."
A/N: You thought this story was dead?
Ha!
You just underestimate how much of a piece of garbage someone can be without dying.
Anyway thanks for reading and stuff.
It's probably going to keep making less and less sense from here on ou.
osenkol was not such an odd elf after all, Harry had come to realise.
He loved his master and was willing to do just about anything for him.
If Petri were to give him clothes, he would be devastated.
And he was sensitive to human kindness and cruelty.
The whole time Harry had disliked Rosenkol, he had failed to consider the elf as a person, too put-off by his strange appearance and prickly demeanour.
But any person would object to a talentless newcomer taking all the attention of a loved one.
Rosenkol had been jealous of Harry.
Harry rather thought that Rosenkol could have as much of Petri's attention as he wanted; as far as Harry was concerned, it was a bad thing.
Petri, however, seemed to disagree, because he really was teaching Harry things now, drilling him in what seemed like pointless magical theory every moment of every day with strange urgency.
Harry could see where Rosenkol was coming from.
The elf got relegated to a reluctant teaching assistant.
Somehow, they managed to bond over their shared unhappiness with the situation.
Living in a tent on the run had not improved Petri's character at all, and if anything, had changed it for the worse.
Paranoia, of the incredibly excessive sort, was now the rule.
They had moved their tent six times already for no reason.
Petri seemed convinced that, at any moment, aurors were going to barge through the dense undergrowth, blast open their protection circle, and give them all the Dementor's Kiss.
Harry had believed him for about a week, during which he had remained holed up inside the tent, terrified of even sticking his head outside for fear crossing the spell perimeter, before it soon became evident, in Harry's opinion, that nobody was after them at all.
And why would they be?
Petri had been dealing in illegal dark magic, but now that he was gone pursuing him was surely pointless and a waste of time, especially as the business was not continuing.
Petri continued to insist that Lucius Malfoy would be looking for Harry, but Harry didn't see any reason for that to be the case.
Maybe the man had been interested in him while he had been right there, but to care enough to hunt him down now?
Harry didn't see what use Malfoy could possibly have for him.
It hadn't been two weeks before Petri had driven himself mad and demanded that the whole matter of Harry's identity be dealt with post haste.
Thus Harry, Rosenkol, and Petri stood in an intimate triangle in the middle of the tent's parlour.
They had rehearsed this earlier, to make sure Harry didn't botch it up, but it was honestly really easy.
Petri was doing the majority of the hard work, which was the actual magic part.
His wand started in the air a little above Harry's head.
He looked very serious, and Harry was reminded of an orchestra conductor he had seen once on the telly, baton raised very stilly, as if he were balancing the music on the tip and would drop it all if he moved a moment too soon.
Petri slashed diagonally, narrowly missing Rosenkol's wrinkled forehead, and Harry took it as the cue to begin.
"Rosenkol," he said, fighting the urge to clear his throat.
No extra sounds.
"Can I trust you?"
"You can," said the elf, his bulbous black eyes staring straight into Harry's.
Eye contact was important.
Petri's wand swirled in unerring circles above them.
"Will you keep my confidence?"
asked Harry.
Petri's hand stilled.
"I shall," said Rosenkol.
The wand burst into motion again.
Harry swallowed.
His head was swimming with the pressure of the great sweeps of Petri's wand, each motion like a jarring, heavy blow.
"This is my secret.
I am Harry Potter."
At once, the pressure disappeared, and Harry's eyes suddenly felt too big for his head.
He clutched at his forehead, and was alarmed to feel wetness between his fingers.
He stared at the bright smear of blood on his hand.
Petri flicked his wand at Harry, and then once again.
He felt some kind of tingling, but it could have been his imagination.
A frown came over Petri's face.
"Your scar," he said.
"It's bleeding."
"You can't heal it?"
Harry asked, knowing that it was uncharacteristic of Petri to state the obvious.
Or perhaps it wasn't so obvious.
The scar was almost as old as he was, from the car crash—no, from the Dark Lord, apparently, and it had never been more than a wicked (or hideous, if you asked Aunt Petunia) artefact.
It had certainly never bled before.
Unable to stop himself, Harry pressed his hand to it again, and confirmed that it was still bleeding.
"It's a curse scar," Petri said, sounding entirely unconvinced by his own excuse.
Nodding anyway, Harry asked, "Did the fidelius work?"
Petri sneered, and Harry flinched in reflex, realising that it was probably unwise to question a Master Enchanter's charmwork.
In his defence, it was Petri who had been going on and on for days about how difficult and finicky the charm was, and Harry had seen him actually practicing the wand movements when he thought no one was looking.
"It worked," Petri said.
Harry wanted to ask how he knew, thought better of it, and then was spared the need when Petri waved his wand and summoned a handheld mirror, which zoomed precariously past Harry's face.
Petri caught expertly by a protruding knot on its wooden frame.
He turned it so Harry could see and asked, "What do you see?"
Harry peered into the mirror and, to his astonishment, did not find his reflection standing next to Petri.
"I'm gone!"
"Idiot boy, it's a foe-glass.
It shows your enemies, not you," Petri said, scowling.
Harry wasn't sure what to say to that.
Staring up at him from the mirror, wearing an identically menacing expression, was Petri's reflection, clear as day.
Petri sighed deeply.
"You see me, don't you?"
He tossed the mirror like a frisbee, and it miraculously landed back in its place on a shelf.
"I'm hardly your enemy."
Even as he said this, Harry was convinced more than ever that in fact, Petri was his enemy, and had been ever since the making of the horcrux.
Funnily enough, he didn't feel anger or hatred, exactly, as he would have naively expected enmity to feel like.
There was just festering apathy, like Petri wasn't a person, but just something standing in his way.
In his way to what, he wasn't sure.
Harry noticed that he had awkwardly failed to respond, but just as he was grappling for something to say that wouldn't get him hexed, Petri said, "Lucius Malfoy is back in the shadows.
We are safe.
You are safe."
He put a hand on Harry's shoulder, unexpectedly.
Harry almost pulled away, except that there was something genuinely fatherly about the gesture that bewildered him.
Was Petri really trying to rebuild the trust he himself had admitted had been made impossible, even unnecessary, between them by the Unbreakable Vow?
Maybe it was some new game.
Petri gave him a little push to turn him toward the door, and then walked past him.
"Come.
Now that we are safe, we can begin your proper education in the Other.
What you can take care of today you do not delay to the morrow."
By this, Harry figured he meant that there was no time like the present, so he followed wordlessly, still a little puzzled by Petri's sudden good humour.
Maybe the threat of Lucius Malfoy really had been worse than Harry had appreciated.
Harry hurried through the tent flap that served as a door before it could fall and hit him in the face.
Petri's long stride traversed the hallway in seconds and Harry was scrambling to keep up.
Petri stopped at the last flap, which led to his study, and held it open in wait.
The tent was way too massive, Harry thought privately, as he thanked Petri in reflex and stepped inside.
In fact, it was bigger than Petri's actual flat had ever been.
He didn't understand why people didn't just live inside tents all the time, or why Petri hadn't enchanted his home to be bigger, or at least more comfortable.
"You'll need your wand," Petri said.
Harry reached into his robe pocket and rummaged around a bit, but the familiar stick was not there.
"Sorry, I think I left it in my room."
Petri sighed, but his cheerful mood thankfully did not evaporate.
"A wizard must always be with his wand.
Well?
What are you waiting for?
Go get it."
Harry found Rosenkol in his room, holding up his wand and levitating all the furniture at once.
"Hey, that's mine," Harry protested.
Rosenkol didn't even flinch, but a moment later, he dropped the wand, and all the furniture with it.
Something cracked loudly.
Harry cursed, but then Rosenkol raised his hand, snapped once, and the room was back in perfect order.
Rosenkol backed away from the wand like it had suddenly turned poisonous.
Harry paused as he bent down to pick it up, wondering if maybe the elf had done something to it, but then dismissed the thought.
Rosenkol had his weird habits, but he wasn't a practical joker, and besides, Harry thought that they had come to an understanding.
He hoped so, anyway, if that fidelius charm was supposed to have meant something.
He grabbed the wand and shoved it in his pocket.
"What were you doing anyway?"
he asked the elf.
"Rosenkermermmrm," Rosenkol mumbled.
"What?"
Harry wondered why he was being so evasive.
"Rosenkol was practicing," the elf said more clearly.
"Practicing what?"
Harry asked.
"Magic," was the unenlightening reply.
Harry scowled.
"With my wand?"
"Wizardling has lessons to be getting to, doesn't he?"
Rosenkol asked in an abysmal attempt at avoiding the subject, except that he had a point.
Harry didn't have time for this.
"Whatever," he muttered, returning to the study where an impatient Petri was standing over an open trunk.
"There you are.
What took you so long?"
he asked as Harry entered.
"Rosenkol had my wand," he said, figuring that it wouldn't hurt to mention it.
He didn't quite care if the elf got in trouble.
Petri just brushed it aside, however.
"This again," he said.
"He thinks it will make him more powerful.
If you don't want him using your wand, then you should keep better track of it.
Now come on, get inside."
Inside?
Harry soon realised that Petri meant the trunk.
He moved closer, and saw that in fact it looked more like a trap door, with a ladder leading down into darkness, than a portable case.
It had obviously been thoroughly expanded.
Awkwardly, he turned around and dropped one foot inside, waving it around until it caught on a ladder rung with a clang, and then manoeuvred the rest of his body into place so that he could lower himself without getting stuck.
The ladder wasn't as long as he had expected, and the room less dark than he had thought.
A row of clear jars on a counter against the back wall each contained a bright, consistently cyan fire that seemed to burn nothing – Harry was pleased to recognise them as bluebell flames, one variant of the fire-making charm.
With a thump, Petri landed heavily on the ground behind him, evidently having foregone use of the ladder.
With a jab of his wand the ladder seemed to collapse in on itself until it formed a grille over the entrance, and the trunk lid slammed shut.
"The workshop is in the back," he said, walking past Harry and ducking through a heavy velvet curtain which Harry hadn't noticed.
He followed hastily, and found himself crammed into a small vestibule of sorts with Petri, just in time to see the man withdraw a thin silver knife and make a deep cut in his forearm.
Petri pressed his wounded against the wall and smeared his blood onto the stone.
The wall briefly blazed silver with the outline of a doorway, before fading again.
Petri had already exchanged the knife for his wand and healed his arm.
Then he walked straight through the wall.
Harry hesitated for a moment, wondering if he would have to repeat what Petri had just done, but his fears were laid to rest as he reached out and found that, despite looking as solid as ever, the wall provided as much resistance as thin air.
"Why didn't you use that other spell?"
Harry asked as he came through the wall.
The room on the other side was stone and hexagonal, and lit all around by torches with bluebell flames.
Petri stood in front of a tall, intricately carved stone slab at the centre of the room, which apparently served as a table.
He shot Harry an unimpressed look, and he quickly tried to elaborate, "I mean, for your blood.
You cut yourself."
He gestured vaguely, glancing to Petri's arm.
"It's an injury-based ward, the Markowski Trap," Petri explained.
"Blood alone is not enough."
"Trap?"
Harry asked.
"You cannot recover while inside, and you cannot leave without injuring yourself again," Petri said.
Harry frowned.
"But you healed yourself before going in, so what's the point?"
"The ward is for enemies, not myself.
It can be a nasty surprise.
Enough.
You are years away from designing permanent wards.
The task today is special animation."
Petri motioned for Harry to join him at the table.
Harry saw that there was a blank leaf of parchment in front of him, and a very large, motionless spider on top.
He recoiled a little, wondering if it was dead.
He did not have to wonder for long.
"Avada Kedavra!"
Petri incanted with surprising intensity, jabbing his wand violently.
A horrible rushing sound and a hauntingly familiar flash of green light robbed Harry of his breath.
He had seen that light before, in his dreams.
He always used to think it was the light from a traffic signal during the car crash, but he knew better now.
It was a sicklier colour, green for death, not life.
The spider tipped over onto its back, legs curled up.
"That was the killing curse," Harry was surprised to hear himself say.
Petri, too, looked rather surprised at his knowledge.
"Yes.
Doubtlessly you are wondering why I cast the killing curse on a spider.
That was to kill it without injuring it at all.
Unfortunately, the killing curse is the only spell that can manage such a feat.
You will be bringing it back to life, a far easier task."
"Easier?"
Harry repeated a little incredulously.
"You feel comfortable with the general animation charm?"
Petri asked, ignoring his disbelief.
Harry nodded.
After mastering the colour-change charm, Harry had moved on to the levitation charm, which had a very finicky swish-and-flick wand movement that took him days to get right.
The swish-and-flick was, apparently, the beginning and end movement to an entire host of kinetic charms, the general animation charm among them.
Harry had been practicing making fruits walk around for the past week.
"I thought that just made things move," he said.
"Yes," said Petri, the beginnings of impatience creeping into his tone.
Harry resolved not to interrupt again.
"The animation charm moves things according to your will.
Magic is will.
Living things have their own will, and to raise the dead is to give back the will of life through magic."
This made a certain kind of poetic sense to Harry, except that he still had no idea what to do.
"You need to begin with the basic animation charm on the corpse, and then slowly remove your own will from it without ending the spell.
That's the most important part," Petri said.
"Could you show me?"
Harry asked.
Petri pointed his wand at the spider, gave the negligent swish, twirl, and flick of an extremely contracted animation charm, and the spider twitched and began flailing its legs desperately.
He lowered his wand, but the spider continued to move, managing to right itself.
It began skittering around, and was about to go off the edge of the table when Petri slashed his wand abortively and ended the spell.
It tumbled over on the spot, dead again.
While admittedly amazing, Harry decided that the demonstration had shown him approximately nothing about how it was actually done, beyond what Petri had already said.
Still, Petri was looking at him expectantly, so he took out his own wand and pointed it at the dead spider.
"Locomotor," he said, swishing his wand and then beginning to spin it in a circle.
He felt something pooling in his palm, where it met his wand, but it wasn't enough.
"Locomotor," he repeated, and then began saying it at intervals.
The spider twitched, and Harry flicked his wand, feeling the familiar sense of something connecting him to the target as the spell completed.
The spider rolled to its feet, but with an air of uncertainty; Harry was still controlling it, and he wasn't sure what to make it do.
It stood still.
"Pull back your will," Petri said.
Harry tried not think about the spider, but this was apparently not the right move because the connection snapped and the spider crumpled, lifeless.
"I don't understand," Harry said.
"Keep trying," Petri said.
"I'll leave you to it."
"You're not staying?"
Harry asked, a little alarmed.
Despite himself, he felt rather intimidated by the vault-like room.
"I don't expect you to succeed soon.
Likely not today.
I cannot help you any further, as this is a skill you must figure out for yourself.
When you're done for the day, you know what to do," Petri said, reaching into his pocket and producing his silver knife again.
He cut himself with only a minimal flinch, and then tossed the knife onto the table.
Before Harry could voice any other kind of protest he strode over to the wall, gave it his blood, and phased through it.
Harry had half a mind to run after him, but he squashed the wild impulse.
He glanced at the knife, noticing that it was completely pristine.
It must be enchanted.
Just thinking about cutting himself made him feel queasy.
He resolved to figure out the spell before he left, because he was sure anyway that he would be spending the next day in here, and the next, until he managed it.
Five hours later, according to the time-telling spell, this resolve was wearing thin.
Harry hadn't anticipated just how hungry he would be, and how badly it would mess up his focus.
Lunch, just before the casting of the fidelius, felt like an eternity ago, and with every "locomotor" he incanted his stomach seemed to twist a little further.
"I know," he said aloud, glaring at his navel.
He rubbed his stomach and it alleviated the pain for about two seconds, before it came back even worse than before.
The spider was still dead, and maybe a little worse for wear after having walked off the table two or three times.
Harry was still disgusted by the thought of touching it, and had used the opportunity to practise the levitation charm again.
Basic as it was, it was his favourite charm (out of the four he knew) just because it felt quintessentially like magic.
It was proof that he was a wizard, that despite everything that had happened to him he had left the Dursleys for somewhere better.
Harry cast the animation charm on the spider again, the movements now natural to his hand after a few hundred iterations.
The spider stood woodenly.
He knew it wasn't alive yet, but it was still amazing, still magic.
He had the potential to learn everything that Petri had to teach, and more.
He would even surpass Petri one day – and then what?
Briefly, his mind flashed to the thought of getting rid of Petri.
Killing him?
No, that would be wrong, wouldn't it?
Ungrateful.
But actually, after what Petri had put him through, he didn't think anything would be considered ungrateful anymore.
He hadn't asked for this teaching.
Suddenly seized by the understanding that the things he was thinking were horrible, Harry scrambled desperately to grasp a feeling he was sure he knew like the back of his hand.
Killing was wrong, totally, obviously wrong, for obvious reasons.
Reasons.
It was wrong, just like being ungrateful was wrong, and being rude.
No, it was different, wrong in a different way, but he couldn't remember how.
He knew it was true but the reason was just out of his reach.
If he just thought a little harder… He was distracted by a flash of movement out of the corner of his eye.
It was the spider, and it was crawling down the side of the desk, and Harry recoiled, holding his wand out in front of him protectively.
There was no need; as soon as he even thought of warding off the spider the life left it again and it hit the ground.
He had done it just then, somehow, kept the magic going without imposing his will.
Was the key just to get distracted?
But that was clearly not it, because he had tried that for the first two hours to no effect whatsoever.
The magic always ended when he stopped paying attention.
What had been different this time?
Harry animated the spider again and tried to make it crawl up the desk.
This was more difficult than he had anticipated, because he had no idea what a spider needed to do in order to stay on the surface instead of falling off.
He wished he could leave it up to the spider, but this wishing did nothing to give it life, so he gave up and levitated it, before resuming the animation spell.
What had he been thinking about before, when the spell had worked?
Right, he had been trying to figure out why killing was especially wrong.
It felt weird to even think about it, because it was just one of those facts he knew, like he knew the world was round and two plus two made four.
So why was it so hard to understand it?
Glancing at the spider from the corner of his eye, Harry confirmed that his spell had failed sometime in his moment of thought, and it lay there pathetically.
He exhaled sharply in frustration.
It didn't count as success if he only managed it that one time and couldn't do it again.
The point was to learn the spell properly.
His stomach growled.
Impulsively, he grabbed the knife, but then he was faced with the actual prospect of cutting himself and he dropped it again.
He wasn't ready to give up just yet.
He was about to cast the spell again, but decided that trying the same thing over and over again was probably not the way to go about it.
He had done it once.
It wasn't what he had been thinking about that mattered, because he had tried that.
But what had been so special about that attempt?
Thinking about it a while longer did nothing, and, even more frustrated, he cast the spell again, jabbing the wand a little too harshly.
The spider fell over, and its legs twitched wildly.
Shocked, Harry lost his grip on the spell again.
It had moved on its own again.
Why?
His emotion, Harry realised.
Well, frustration he had in spades.
He tried again, and the spider flailed about again, but once it managed to right itself it stood placidly, no matter how annoyed Harry got at it.
Eventually, he was too tired to keep trying, but that only made the prospect of giving up worse, because he didn't even have the energy to face the thought of opening the wall.
It didn't feel worth it.
He sat down on the floor and leaned against the side of the table.
The carvings of strange faces dug into his back, but at least the stone was a comfortable temperature, and not nearly as cold as its appearance suggested.
He wondered if Petri would come back if he stayed here too long.
What if he starved to death?
Then he berated himself for being silly.
He knew how to get out.
It wasn't as if he was actually trapped.
He just didn't see the need to leave yet.
If he were actually starving, and not just "starving," as his stomach helpfully reminded him with a painful twist, he could do something about it.
He fell asleep to that cheerful thought.
When he woke up with a horrible cramp in his neck, there was a tray with a few slices of bread and a bowl of cabbage soup on the table, next to the parchment with the spider, which looked a little dried out.
Never had he been so happy to see one of Rosenkol's bland, uninspired attempts at cooking.
He grabbed the spoon and brought the bowl closer to himself.
It was still warm.
The tasteless cabbage broth relieved his parched throat.
His stomach renewed its demands in earnest, and he wolfed down the breakfast in a matter of minutes.
More refreshed than he had expected, he set to his task again, eager to escape the awful room with something to show for it.
However, he found the spider rather resistant to moving on its legs today.
He imagined that spending so much time being dead was not really conducive to its health.
Harry shook his head to try to redact the nonsense that had just passed through it.
He was going mad.
He heard footsteps behind him, and whirled around with some horror.
Thankfully, they were a not further indication of burgeoning insanity; Petri had entered the room.
"Er, morning, sir," Harry greeted lamely.
Was it even morning?
"You'll be needing a new spider," Petri said, getting straight to the point.
Harry was glad to hear it.
He was less glad when he remembered that Petri would be casting the killing curse again.
There was something viscerally unsettling about witnessing the curse in action.
Petri did not produce another spider, however, and was instead inspecting the somewhat shrivelled one which Harry had been using.
"Not as bad as I expected," he said to himself.
He took out his wand and cast the animation charm himself.
The spider got up with apparent reluctance, but then with a few vigorous twirls of Petri's wand it seemed to regain its former lustre.
Even when he released the spell, the spider looked freshly dead.
"You fixed it," Harry said with some wonder.
Petri nodded.
"I'd rather avoid casting the killing curse if I don't need to," he said.
This was the first Harry remembered ever hearing from Petri that sounded like something a halfway-decent human being would say.
Then, Harry had to ruin the moment by asking, "Why not?"
It made him sound like the one who was a horrible person, but his curiosity demanded to be satisfied.
Petri smiled at him in a knowing way that made his hackles rise.
It wasn't as if he had meant it in a bad way.
"It's a taxing spell, with many requirements.
You could cast it at me with full intent to kill right now and I might get a headache," Petri said.
Harry supposed that if it was as easy as yelling "Avada Kedavra" and jabbing a wand at an enemy, people could just use it willy-nilly, unforgivable or not, and be unstoppable.
"Would you like to study it?"
Petri asked.
Harry shook his head post haste.
He would never use a spell like that.
That seemed like a childish reason, so Harry said instead, "Didn't you just say it's very hard?
I can't even do this animation yet."
Petri inclined his head.
"Quite.
Tell me about your progress on animation, then."
Relieved that the topic had moved away from killing, Harry said, somewhat eagerly, "Well, I managed to do it yesterday, once.
Or maybe twice, in a way.
But I couldn't get it to work again."
"Explain what you were doing when you succeeded," Petri ordered, attentive.
"It, well, that is, I'm not really sure.
I got distracted and then I saw that it was running around.
But the second time I was really frustrated, and then it started to move on its own to get up, but it stopped moving after that," Harry said.
Petri nodded.
After a moment, he said, "Your own emotion as a starting point.
Interesting.
What you are doing, I believe, is imparting your emotional state on the spider instead of your direct will.
The spider's will does not fit well with your emotions, so you have only partial animation.
It's a start, but you need to be able to pull yourself away entirely.
The spider must regain its own will."
Harry nodded, seeing that that was the best explanation he was going to get.
At least Petri had managed to clear up what Harry had been doing before, which was helpful, even though the next step was still as opaque as ever.
Armed with this new knowledge, he thought about what kinds of things a spider might feel, and figured that, with all the skittering about, fear or anxiety was likely.
"Locomotor," he cast, and tried to pull up the feeling of being afraid.
The spider started moving, but then Harry got excited and it twitched erratically for a bit before the spell broke entirely.
"You must make sure in the end not to rely on your own emotion," Petri said.
"I also advise you not to spend the night in here again.
I doubt it was comfortable."
Harry nodded, and Petri made his way to the wall, producing another silver knife to cut himself with.
Harry didn't understand how he could injure himself so casually.
Perhaps the ability to heal himself straight away made it easier.
Eventually, Harry managed the spell, and for all that it worked and he could make it work fairly consistently, he couldn't explain to anybody how he was actually doing it.
At a certain point, the process of untangling his will from the magic just clicked, and it became one of those skills which, like whistling loudly with one's fingers, theoretically had a theory behind it but ended up being a matter of personal technique.
Now there was the matter of leaving.
He thought about waiting for Petri to come back and leave with him, but the prospect of being bored for an indeterminate amount of time seemed intolerable, so he mustered up his courage and grasped the knife.
How bad could it be, anyway?
Armed with the thrill of success, he managed to blindside self-preservation with a quick slice to his arm, the way he remembered Petri doing it.
Even though he was sure Petri would be able to heal whatever he managed to do to himself, he didn't want to sever anything vital.
The knife barely hurt going in and coming out, so thin was the blade.
Then the pain came on all at once, burning, and Harry hurriedly smeared some blood on the appropriate spot on the wall.
The shape of the door appeared, telling him that it had worked, and he walked through without incident.
The ladder was down and the trunk open, so he climbed up with one arm, awkwardly holding his other one out of the way.
It was bleeding, but not enough that it needed to be staunched with anything, and he didn't want to get it all over himself.
Petri was seated behind his desk, reading a book, and looked up as Harry exited.
He motioned for Harry to come to him, and took out his wand.
He ran it over Harry's arm and the wound knit itself up and vanished without a trace.
He held out his hand, and Harry remembered to return the silver knife.
"Well?"
Petri asked.
Harry stared at him, confused for a moment, before he broke out into a grin.
"I did it," he said.
"Congratulations," Petri said.
"You've learned to restore life.
Now you need to apply it to larger, smarter animals."
Harry's face fell at the thought of repeating the ordeal with the spider.
Petri laughed.
"It won't be nearly as hard as the first time.
And before that, I will teach you a few other charms."
A/N: People who have read the Harry Potter books more times than is healthy may recognise the blood door as the same spell Voldemort used on the entrance to the cave with the locket horcrux.
I refuse to believe that it was just some cliche archway meant for intimidation, as Dumbledore insinuates.
In my head-canon Dumbledore was trying to protect Harry from the awful details, and Voldemort is not incompetent but rather designed a brutal ward scheme to trap and kill anybody who entered alone.
In conclusion, I spend way too much thinking about these relatively trivial things.
"Series exercises," Petri called them.
They were supposed to be basic charms that were the building blocks to a long sequence of useful charms, and things which all aspiring enchanters ought to be able to cast in their sleep.
Harry wasn't sure if he was serious, or if he just wanted Harry to become better at being a servant.
Reparo was a dead useful charm, and in a certain way was miraculous, but after breaking a teapot and then fixing it what felt like a hundred times, and then breaking a mirror and fixing that, for a thousand years' worth of bad luck (or perhaps repairing the mirror negated that), Harry was just about ready to lose his sense of wonder, forever.
Fortunately, at this point, Petri deemed him "adequate" at the basic mending charm and started him on the severing charm, so that he could make more interesting things to mend.
The severing charm had the added bonus of also being a basic spell series.
Lately, Petri had begun re-establishing his "special" business, and spent less time directly overseeing Harry, so Rosenkol was tasked with making sure that Harry did his series exercises correctly.
He was rather too fond of demonstrations, in Harry's opinion.
"Are you sure you're doing that right?"
Harry asked, a little nervous to have Rosenkol waving his wand around.
The elf tended to make surprisingly violent movements with it, slashes where he expected swishes.
Harry was sure that those were different.
Still, the severing charm did what it was supposed to do, neatly cleaving a piece of parchment in two without damaging the kitchen table underneath.
"Elves are not using of wizard movements," said Rosenkol.
Clearly, he didn't use wizard incantations either, which left it to the imagination how his brand of magic had anything to do with what Harry was trying to learn.
Rosenkol handed the wand back to Harry, who tapped the parchment.
"Reparo," he said firmly, imaging the pieces fusing together.
The parchment fluttered a little, came together, and then promptly fell apart again.
"What?"
Harry demanded, disappointed.
He was sure that he had mastered the spell after using it so many times.
It hadn't felt any different.
"Parchment is not wanting to mend, it is wanting to be severed from severing charm," Rosenkol said.
"Wizardling is needing greater will."
Harry frowned.
So it was more difficult to do magic on something that had already been changed another way with magic.
He pointed his wand at the parchment and said, "Finite.
Reparo."
The halves cleaved together, good as new.
He grinned.
"That is cheating," Rosenkol grumbled.
Harry ignored him.
He tried cutting the paper with the severing charm again, but nothing happened.
"I'm saying it right, right?
Diffindo," he said, but it still failed to have an effect.
He was getting used to the irritating process of learning spells, but that did not mean he liked it.
There didn't seem to be a much better option than trial and error.
According to Petri, the incantation and wand movement were a matter of technique but in the end it was the wizard who did the magic, and that was something everyone had to master for himself.
"Wizardling requires more will," Rosenkol said unhelpfully.
Harry was still not clear what "will" was supposed to mean, in a literal sense.
Concentrating harder did not seem to make a difference.
He took a breath, and tried to be more confident.
It was going to work.
"Diffindo!"
The paper tore, though rather haphazardly.
It was something.
With renewed determination, he managed to improve his mending charm and make his severing charm follow his intention more precisely, but after his charmwork began looking reasonably good, his attention started wandering.
"I'm bored," Harry said, after a dozen functional diffindo and reparo pairs.
"Can I learn something new?"
"Wizardling is needing to master the basics," Rosenkol said.
"But I'm bored," Harry insisted.
Rosenkol rubbed at one of his large, flappy ears, clearly thinking.
"Wizardling may take a break," he finally said.
Harry grinned, and then his grin faded as he tried to think of something to do, and came up short.
When the Dursleys had locked him in the cupboard, he would play with the broken toy soldiers he had salvaged when Dudley had thrown them out years ago.
They all had names and they belonged to the kingdoms of Potterland and Dudland, which were always at war.
Potterland always won, of course, but not without ample opportunity for their King-General Harrius to engage in heroic exploits with his best mate, Tiberius.
It had been almost a year since he'd been with them, though, and after having learned real magic, playing pretend with toys seemed too childish.
He also wasn't sure how Petri would react if he asked for a toy.
Petri might just give him one – the enchanter's shop had stocked magical toys, and Harry thought that the flying dragon figures which zoomed around and breathed small gouts of flame were pretty wicked – but he also might just laugh in Harry's face, which would be embarrassing.
Harry looked speculatively at Rosenkol.
Figuring that there was nothing to lose on this front, at least, he asked "Will you play with me?"
"What is Wizardling wanting to play?"
Rosenkol asked, to Harry's delight.
It was a much better response than he had let himself hope for.
"Well, I don't really know any games.
Do you?"
he asked.
Rosenkol shook his head, pulling at his ears.
"House elves be working, not playing," he said.
Given that Rosenkol couldn't really cook and barely did any cleaning, Harry was a little sceptical.
What exactly did Rosenkol think "work" meant?
"What are you doing when you aren't working, though?"
Harry pressed.
Rosenkol looked reluctant, but he did answer.
"Rosenkol is practicing magic, just like Wizardling," he said.
"Okay, so what about when you are working?
What kind of work do you do?"
Harry asked.
"Rosenkol is teaching Wizardling, and gathering materials," Rosenkol said.
Harry's mind flashed to dead bodies.
Right.
How could he have forgotten?
"But Master Joachim is not needing many materials now."
Rosenkol looked a little morose, and Harry tried in vain to find something else to talk about.
After a few moments, the elf brightened up on his own, however, and said, "Perhaps we can be asking Wizardling Ulrich or Wizardling Aleksandra about games?"
Harry shook his head hastily.
"I don't want to bother, er, Master Joachim –" it felt exceedingly weird to refer to Petri like that, "– about this."
"Rosenkol will conjure," said the elf, and before Harry could make any other protest, Rosenkol snapped his fingers, and summoned the same mirror which Harry had practised the mending spell on from the next room.
It encountered brief resistance at the door before overcoming the weight of the tent flap and zooming into the elf's outstretched hand.
Setting the mirror on the table, the elf jumped up to stand on a chair so that he could bend over the mirror and put both hands on its surface.
After about a minute of intense concentration, during which Harry barely dared to breathe, Rosenkol relaxed and pulled away from the mirror.
"What's going on?"
Harry jumped at the disembodied voice, but a closer glance at the mirror showed that it was no longer reflecting the ceiling, but showed the somewhat indistinct form of an older boy.
As the image sharpened, Harry saw that it was indeed Ulrich.
"Wizardling Ulrich," Rosenkol said.
"Rosenkol, is that you?
You conjured me?
And for the last time it's Zauberlehrling," said Ulrich.
For the first time, Harry realised that Rosenkol's name for him and the other apprentices, "Zauberling," was actually a mispronunciation of "magical apprentice," rather than a term of endearment.
He felt a little stupid for thinking otherwise.
It was easier to say, though.
"Rosenkol conjured Wizardling Ulrich," Rosenkol began, ignoring the correction, "to advise Wizardling Harry on wizard games."
"Master Joachim got someone else, then?
To replace me?"
Ulrich asked a little hotly.
Harry was confused.
He'd met Ulrich before, Ulrich and Aleksandra together, even, while they helped Petri with preparing materials.
He peered into the mirror so that he was face-to-face with the other apprentice.
"Three people," he said, trying to explain things.
"I'm his fourth apprentice.
Don't you remember?"
Ulrich shook his head.
"Should I?
I expect Rosenkol's conjured the wrong version of me.
Fourth apprentice, really?
What happened to the other two then?"
"One was eaten by a dementor.
I don't know what happened to the other," Harry said.
He frowned, paused, and then decided to go ahead, "Actually, what happened to you, if you don't mind me asking?"
He cringed a little.
It seemed insensitive of him.
Ulrich seemed happy enough to answer, however.
"Attacked by my own inferius.
Stupid, really.
Master Joachim killed me to spare me from the curse."
Harry was aghast at this story.
"Don't look so down.
It was my own fault for making one behind Master Joachim's back.
I thought I knew the theory but I really had no idea what I was doing.
Anyway, what did you need me for?
Rosenkol said something about games?"
Ulrich asked.
Harry felt a little embarrassed to be talking about something as trivial and childish as games after hearing the story behind Ulrich's death, but after Rosenkol had gone to the trouble of conjuring him Harry figured he might as well ask.
"Well, er, I had some free time, and I realised that I don't know any wizard games," he said, feeling his face burning a little.
Ulrich blinked.
"You don't know any games?
How old are you?
Were you raised in the forest?"
"Er, no, I was raised by muggles.
And I'm ten," Harry said, wondering what the forest had to do with anything.
He supposed they were living in a forest right now, if that mattered.
"Muggles!"
Ulrich cried, looking far more horrified than Harry had felt about his death, "Ten!
Is Master Joachim mad?
You're not even old enough for Durmstrang yet.
I thought you looked a bit young, but..." Harry reeled at the rapid-fire way Ulrich talked.
Petri usually had the thought to speak slowly for him, and he had got used to the man's speech patterns, but this was something new.
"Sorry, my German's still pretty bad," he said to Ulrich.
"What's Durmstrang?"
Ulrich laughed, his expression a little strained.
"It's a school.
For magic.
What is Master Joachim even teaching you?
When I was ten, I didn't even know what wingardium leviosa was."
"I know wingardium leviosa," Harry said, a little offended.
"I'm working on locomotor, with animals."
This was a little bit of a stretch.
He hadn't actually moved on to anything past the spider yet.
Ulrich frowned.
"Well, that's what Master Joachim started me on… but I was sixteen.
You must be some kind of prodigy," he said.
"Er, no, not really," Harry said.
"I only know a couple of spells."
Ulrich looked unconvinced, but as he opened his mouth to speak again, Rosenkol interrupted.
"Wizardlings, the conjuration is fading," he said.
Ulrich nodded.
"Right.
Well, anyway, games.
The best game ever is Gobstones.
Master Joachim used to make premium Gobstones sets, and I don't see why he wouldn't still.
He let me have one for my birthday.
I'm sure he'd give you one too, if you asked.
It's a great game that everyone should know how to play," Ulrich said, with some urgency.
The edges of his form were beginning to blur.
"Er, right.
Sorry, what's it called again?"
Harry asked.
"Gobstones!"
Ulrich said.
He seemed to be shouting, but the sound was getting fainter.
"It was nice meeting you!"
Before Harry could respond, the image in the mirror faded away into his own reflection.
Harry felt a little awful at the thought that Ulrich had, in a certain sense, just died again.
"Is that Ulrich's voice?"
Harry turned sharply to see Petri standing in the doorway.
He felt like he had just been caught doing something bad, even though he didn't think there had been any rules to break on the matter in the first place.
"Rosenkol conjured Wizardling Ulrich for Wizardling Harry," said Rosenkol.
Petri nodded.
"I thought so.
Gobstones.
That boy is incorrigible," he said.
"What did you need Ulrich for?"
Harry flushed.
"I was taking a short break, but I realised I don't know any wizard games."
It sounded even more stupid now that he was saying it to an adult.
Petri did not laugh, nor did he seem angry.
He only stared at Harry for a few moments.
"I see," he finally said.
"If you would like to play Gobstones with Ulrich, I can conjure him to his body."
Now it was Harry's turn to stare.
He knew that Petri conjured Ulrich and Aleksandra every so often to help him prepare his materials, but this offer seemed almost perversely frivolous.
"What's the difference," he finally asked, "between conjuring someone and bringing them back to life?"
"It's temporary," Petri said.
"Life is temporary," Harry pointed out.
Petri smiled.
"The difference is, naturally, that they aren't alive," he said.
"They have will, through your magic, but they do not have their own free will.
In the end they are reconstructed from what magic remembers of them.
Much of their true self is lost."
Harry was still unconvinced.
"Isn't that better than being dead?"
he asked.
"I never said it wasn't," said Petri.
"Most wizards, however, would disagree with us on that score."
"Really?"
asked Harry, frowning.
"A reasonably durable binding also requires multiple human sacrifices," Petri added.
"Oh," said Harry a little faintly.
Of course Petri would neglect to mention that detail until halfway through the conversation.
Any fleeting thoughts that had crossed Harry's mind about maybe bringing his parents half back to life were sent crashing into the abyss.
That was definitely a poor bargain.
"Er, never mind about Ulrich," he said.
Petri laughed.
"For Ulrich, we merely need some blood," he said.
"His body is uniquely suited to housing him because of the way he died."
"An inferius," Harry said without thinking.
Petri raised his eyebrows.
"He told you then?
Evidently the dead tell plenty of tales.
Well, come along," he said, turning and leaving the kitchen.
Harry hurried after him, glancing back at Rosenkol, who shook his overlarge head and stayed on the chair where he stood.
They went inside Petri's trunk, which Harry had learned was actually even bigger than the tent, perhaps just for the sake of making no sense whatsoever.
Why did anybody need a house, if they could live in a trunk?
On other side of the stone chamber with the blood-demanding door was another hidden door that led to a workroom that was essentially identical to Petri's old attic, except that there was no fireplace.
Petri walked over to the cabinet next to the one full of blood vials and tapped his wand on the handle of a narrow drawer.
Then he pulled the drawer out carelessly, and still there was impossibly more drawer.
It extended a minimum of two metres.
It was bigger on the inside, and Harry saw Ulrich's body, partly covered by a funeral shroud but apparently perfectly preserved and looking just like it had the last time Petri had used it.
The drawer was a little too narrow for the body to come out as it was, so Petri had to roll it onto its side before he heaved it out.
Harry winced at how Ulrich's head lolled and struck the ground.
Petri usually used magic for every little thing, so naturally Harry asked, "What's the reason for not using magic?"
"Magic activates the inferius," he said.
"I hope that you do not wish to die in the same manner as he did."
A little warier, Harry stepped back as Petri dragged the body into the centre of the room where there was more space, and positioned it so that it was face down.
"Why don't you prepare the guide paths for the binding?"
Petri said.
It was hardly a suggestion.
He summoned a piece of parchment from the stationary drawer and waved his wand at it.
A schematic appeared on it, and he handed it to Harry.
"With what?"
Harry asked.
He had done this once before, and watched Petri do it several times, so he knew that it needed blood.
Petri was already summoning a paint brush and vial.
The brush came to a stop and clattered to the floor, but the vial he caught.
It was empty.
"Your arm," he said.
Harry held out his arm with some trepidation, but he needn't have feared, because Petri simply used the blood-drawing spell to direct a long strand of blood into the vial, and Harry barely felt anything beyond a faint warmth.
Harry took the vial once it was half full and knelt down to pick up the brush with his other hand, which was already clutching the parchment with the template.
He put the parchment down next to Ulrich's body, stared it for a while in an attempt to memorise some of the patterns, and then began to draw with the blood.
The first time Harry had done this, he had been terrified of messing it up.
However, he had learned that the brush handle was enchanted for steadiness, and so he had no trouble at all directing it to where he wanted it to go.
He took special care not to let anything but the bristles touch the inferius.
He didn't want to know if the magic on the brush handle counted as enough magic to wake it.
At this distance, he would probably be half-eaten before Petri even had a chance to summon him out of its grasp.
Harry double-checked the pattern of lines against the template on the sheet.
"Is this the nervous system?"
he asked.
There were a large number of little lines all over the head, which was thankfully bald.
He had to turn the head several times to reach all the parts around the eyes.
The main lines extended down the spine and arms.
"It's the standard magical flow," Petri said.
"It would be better if we had a sketch of Ulrich's original magical flow, but we don't, so that will have to do."
Harry glanced at the pattern again.
The thick lines along the arms suddenly made more sense.
"Stand back," Petri said, and Harry scrambled to do so.
Petri raised both hands and held them there for a few seconds, concentrating intently.
Then he slashed his wand downward and said, "Spiritus."
A fine mist began to coalesce around the tip of his wand.
He spoke the incantation repeatedly like a mantra, twirling the wand steadily in perfect little circles.
The mist darkened and expanded, soon beginning to take a distinctly humanoid form.
The edges grew more defined, and Ulrich's features sharpened.
Abruptly Petri swept his wand arm out, slamming the ghostly Ulrich into his inferius body.
The body lurched, flipping around and getting to its feet in with threatening alacrity, but then it seemed to wilt as awareness took hold.
Petri summoned robes from one of the corner cabinets and then banished them toward Ulrich, who caught them more by virtue of being in the way than anything else.
Slowly, he removed the fabric from where it had flopped onto his face and shook it out to find the sleeves.
He dressed himself, and then looked around the workshop.
"Harry, Master," he greeted softly.
"What happened to the floo?"
"We are inside my trunk.
Harry will answer your other questions," Petri said.
"You've been summoned to teach him your favourite game.
Your possessions remain in your bag."
Ulrich blinked in obvious incomprehension.
"Sorry, Master, but you mean Gobstones?"
"Yes, Gobstones," Petri said with some irritation.
"Right, right," Ulrich said quickly, clearly familiar with Petri's dislike for repeating himself.
"Er, Harry?"
"Oh, hello.
Right, er, where's your, erm, bag?"
Harry asked, walking slowly toward the door.
Thankfully, Ulrich followed him, sparing him from awkwardly standing in the middle of the room.
Harry glanced back at Petri, but he had already turned away from them and was writing something on a piece of parchment, so Harry took it as leave to do whatever he wanted.
"This door goes to the hexagon room right?"
Ulrich asked.
Harry nodded.
They passed through the illusion of solid stone, and Ulrich gestured to the large table in the centre.
"It's a level down."
"A level down?"
Harry repeated.
"Tap your wand… there, I think," Ulrich said, pointing to one of the carved faces which to Harry looked indistinguishable from the others.
Or rather, they were all different, and there didn't seem to be anything special about this one.
He took Ulrich's word for it and tapped it.
With a grinding sound, the stone shifted, beginning to sink, and Ulrich jumped to stand on the slab.
Harry followed him quickly, realising that the table had become a lift of sorts.
Of course the bloody trunk was still even bigger than Harry had thought.
The room underneath the hexagon room was, against all logic, shaped like a pentagon.
It was some kind of library, if the book-laden shelves on all sides were any indication.
There were some armchairs positioned around the platform, which was evidently meant to serve as a table here as well, and smaller desks equipped with empty glass jars.
Harry hazarded a guess that they were meant to hold bluebell flames.
"It should be in one of these drawers," said Ulrich, having jumped down from the platform.
Harry joined him and was astonished to see that the face carvings had been replaced by regular drawers, which Ulrich was presently going through.
"Aha!"
He produced a drawstring bag, tugged it open, and peered inside.
When he reached in, his arm disappeared up to the shoulder, telling Harry that another extension charm was in play here.
Out of the bag came another bag.
"You okay playing here?"
he asked.
"Sure," said Harry.
"But, er, how long does the conjuration last?"
He didn't fancy getting mauled by an inferius when Ulrich's spirit departed again.
Ulrich glanced down at his hands.
The bloody paths remained unnaturally crisp and fresh, a stark contrast to the greyish corpse tone of the rest of the body.
"This is your blood, right?
It should last as long as you stay awake," he said.
"Don't worry about it."
Ulrich opened the second bag and tipped it upside down.
A collection of large, multi-coloured marbles tumbled out, but they fell straight and did not roll.
Harry realised that they were hovering very slightly above the table.
Ulrich gave the bag another shake, and bright red feather quill landed on top of the marbles.
He grabbed the quill, climbed up on the table, and set it, point-down, in the middle, giving it a little prod.
It began to move on its own, flying out to draw several large, concentric circles.
"Okay.
The rules are pretty simple.
One person plays green and the other red.
The Gobstones go in the middle, like so."
Ulrich removed one green and one red stone from the rest, and then used his arm to sweep the others toward the centre.
They moved reluctantly at first, but then arranged themselves into a circle, orbiting languidly.
"Each of us has a shooter.
You want to use it to knock the other person's stones out of the ring, and squirt them with Gobwater.
You keep shooting from where your shooter landed until you miss, and then it's the other person's turn," Ulrich said.
Harry was still rather confused, but obligingly climbed up onto the platform to join him.
Ulrich handed him the green Gobstone.
"Let's try playing," he said, backing up to stand at the opposite edge of the platform.
He knelt down, and then his hand shot out, sending his Gobstone hurtling toward the centre.
Harry's Gobstones came to life and tried to dodge it, but their haphazard milling about just put them in the shooter's way, and it struck true, sending a green Gobstone flying out of the ring.
The green stone vibrated ominously for a moment, and then Harry was coughing and sputtering from a blast of some disgusting, slimy liquid that had hit him square in the face.
Wiping his eyes with his sleeve, he glared at the offending Gobstone.
"Don't worry, the Gobwater will vanish itself pretty soon.
You can use your magic – wandless only, mind you – to control your stones and dodge, and your opponent is supposed to control the shooter as well, but obviously I can't use magic because I'm dead.
I'm very good at this game though, so we'll call it a handicap."
Harry nodded, reeling a little from the unexpected encounter with the "Gobwater" and Ulrich's rapid speech.
Something had been bothering him the entire time since the conjuration.
Until earlier today, he had never heard more than a few words out of the first apprentice's mouth, and Ulrich's spirit had always seemed dull and depressed, and frankly nothing like the lively personality he showed now.
"Something wrong?"
asked Ulrich.
Harry realised that he had been silent and still for a little too long.
He shook his head.
"No.
It's just… you're very different from the last time, er, Master Joachim conjured you," he said.
Ulrich laughed.
"What can I say?
Master Joachim hates my fun side.
He usually leaves it out."
He shrugged, as if it was hardly a big deal that Petri picked and chose from his personality.
Harry supposed that it was still better than being permanently dead.
Ulrich took his silence as the end of the conversation, and used the opportunity to strike another one of Harry's Gobstones out of the ring.
Harry tried to jump to the side, but the Gobwater struck him unerringly anyway, and he thought uncharitably that he wasn't sure if he liked Ulrich's "fun side" much, either.
He concentrated more on the game, trying to use "wandless magic" to move his Gobstones out of the way.
He was not convinced that anything was actually happening, because the stones still seemed to be rolling around randomly, and Ulrich was taking them out at an alarming rate.
If the Gobwater hadn't been vanishing within seconds, Harry would be soaked in the foul-smelling liquid.
After seven consecutive strikes, Ulrich finally missed catastrophically and hit one of his own Gobstones when the green Gobstone he had been aiming for rolled cleverly behind a red one.
Apparently angered, the red Gobstone and his shooter each squirted a generous blast of Gobwater at him.
Harry had to admit that it was pretty funny when it was someone else on the receiving end.
Seeing that it was his turn, he knelt and set his shooter down.
It hovered stubbornly at a fixed level, and the overall effect was like pressing it against a sheet of smooth glass.
Having no particular idea of what he was doing, Harry launched his shooter toward the centre ring, focusing on a cluster that was noticeably more red than green.
The red Gobstones scattered, and the shooter made an attempt to follow them, but rolled past.
Harry glared it.
Just a little more… To his surprise, it swerved slightly, clearly breaking its natural trajectory, and slammed into a wayward red stone, which rolled out of the ring and squirted Ulrich.
"Good job," said Ulrich, giving him a thumbs up.
It was obvious that Harry was outclassed, however, as he missed his next shot somehow from point-blank range, and was then crushed by Ulrich on the very next turn.
"Well, maybe I should go easier on you," Ulrich said, looking a little sheepish.
A little frustrated, Harry shook his head.
"No, don't," he said.
"I'll figure it out."
They played another game.
Ulrich let Harry go first, but still won in two turns.
On the third game, Harry finally figured out how to make his Gobstones move slightly out of the way to dodge Ulrich, and so managed to survive a little longer, but his own aim for moving targets was still poor.
"Let's take a break," Harry said, realising as he said it that taking a break from his break seemed a little silly.
"I mean, I'll practise more magic for a bit."
"Sure.
We can do whatever you want," Ulrich said equitably.
He held the Gobstones pouch open expectantly, and the stones rolled toward it, scrambling to get inside.
The red quill followed.
As soon as it returned to the bag, the circles it had drawn faded.
Harry jumped off the table and looked around for something that he could practise severing and mending.
Not wanting to resort to damaging books which might be important, he tried some of the drawers.
They seemed to contain various enchanted objects.
Harry even found one full of remembralls of different sizes.
"What are you looking for?"
asked Ulrich.
"Something I can practise diffindo and reparo on," Harry said.
"You can practise on me," Ulrich said.
"What?"
Harry said in incomprehension.
There were far too many problematic things about that statement.
"My body is an inferius," Ulrich said.
"You can't permanently stop inferi except with fire, but they aren't actually magic resistant.
It's completely safe" "It won't hurt?"
Harry asked, still rather uneasy about the prospect.
"Pain is for the living," Ulrich said.
Not entirely reassured, Harry nonetheless pointed his wand at Ulrich and slashed downward, incanting, "Diffindo!"
Nothing appeared to happen at all, and he frowned.
"Try cutting off my arm," Ulrich said.
Harry baulked.
"What?"
he blurted.
"Well it's the severing charm," Ulrich said, "so it doesn't work if you aren't intending to cut through something specific."
That made sense, Harry supposed, but it still did not make the idea more appealing.
Ulrich held out his arm to the side and rolled up the sleeve.
Swallowing pre-emptively to suppress his disgust, Harry imagined the arm coming apart at the elbow and said, "Diffindo!"
To his horror, it actually worked, and the forearm came clean off.
Ulrich did not react, so apparently it really did not hurt.
Harry stared at the arm on the ground, where it was rocking back and forth, apparently trying to turn itself over.
There was no blood, but instead a thick, clear liquid was seeping out slowly.
"Shite!"
said Ulrich, bending down and picking up his arm with his other hand.
He pressed it up against the stump.
"I forgot about the preservation potion.
You should probably mend this before any more comes out."
"Er, right," said Harry, raising his wand again.
"Reparo!"
"Hm," Ulrich muttered.
The spell did not seem to have worked.
"Try inferius reparo," he said.
Harry tried the target-specific incantation and was relieved to see the arm reattach without incident.
"Let's not do that again," Harry said, after a beat.
Ulrich laughed, looking a little strained.
"Agreed.
So maybe it was a bad idea," he said.
"Would something like that work on a real – I mean, a live person?"
Harry asked.
"Your severing charm would probably need to be much, much stronger to beat someone's will to keep their limbs," Ulrich said.
"And I don't think reparo works on people.
Maybe if you mastered the whole series, and you were Albus Dumbledore, or something."
"Albus Dumbledore?"
Harry asked.
It sounded like a name.
"The most powerful wizard alive.
At least, I think he's still alive," Ulrich said.
"How do we know he's the most powerful?"
Harry asked.
Ulrich frowned.
"You know, I never thought about it.
He defeated Grindelwald singlehandedly, when no one else could, so I guess everyone assumed."
"Grindelwald?"
"You don't know about Grindelwald?"
asked Ulrich incredulously.
"He was a dark wizard, like us, and people used to say that he was the most powerful wizard alive.
He tried conquering Europe, but Dumbledore stopped him.
Anyway, I'm surprised you haven't heard of him.
He made a lot of advances in necromancy.
I swear every other thing is named after him."
Harry was a little overwhelmed by the way Ulrich seemed to jump from topic to topic, and his grasp of context was beginning to fail him.
He certainly caught the bit about necromancy, however.
"Like what things?"
he asked, eager for knowledge.
Petri was frustratingly vague with information about the "Other," only ever seeming to teach him techniques.
Harry did tend to be a more practical-minded person, and he would be glad to learn a little less charm theory and more charms, but he felt like he had no real idea what necromancy even was, beyond the obvious.
"Well, there's Grindelwald's process for inferi seeding.
He was the first one who made a whole army of them that obeyed him.
Before him, people thought that it was only possible to control one at a time," Ulrich said.
Harry nodded, remembering the inferi seed that Petri had made once.
"There's also the Grindelwald Conjuration, to conjure an extremely destructive spirit instead of the usual.
I don't really know how it works," Ulrich said.
"I only just started basic spirit conjurations before I died."
"How long did you spend on enchantment?"
Harry asked.
"A year and a half," Ulrich said.
"I expect you won't be able to learn more than the basics for now.
The charmwork gets pretty advanced pretty quickly.
Is Master Joachim paying for your schooling?"
"I don't know," said Harry, shrugging.
The first he had heard about an organised school for magic was from Ulrich.
He had previously been under the impression that everybody got apprenticeships when they were ten or eleven.
Maybe Petri intended to keep teaching him without sending him to school at all.
Harry wasn't even sure which option was better, but Ulrich made it sound like going to Durmstrang was the expected thing to do.
"He paid for my last two years, when my father—well, anyway, he has the money.
Don't let him convince you otherwise," Ulrich said.
Harry nodded.
The money was hardly the problem; it was Petri's willingness to spend any of it that was in question.
"You knew him before being his apprentice, then?"
Harry asked.
"I mean, uh, how did you meet him?"
Ulrich looked very uncomfortable, and Harry was about to take the question back, when he answered, almost monotonously.
"Master Joachim was a friend of my father's.
He took me in after my father died and the Lady threw me out."
"The Lady?"
Harry asked, unable to contain his curiosity despite his awareness that Ulrich did not want to talk about this subject.
"My father's wife," Ulrich said.
He clamped his mouth shut.
Harry felt a little bad.
"Sorry," he said weakly.
"Don't be," said Ulrich, regaining some of his cheer.
"I'm here to serve you."
"What do you mean?"
Harry asked, finding the statement odd.
"Oh right, you haven't studied conjuration yet.
The point of conjuring spirits is so they do what you want.
I mean, also, it's impossible to do otherwise.
You can't make real free will," Ulrich said.
Harry saw the connection quickly, in the way Ulrich was so ready to answer his questions, and did not like it.
"You mean you have to do whatever I say?
And I couldn't actually bring you back to life?"
"Exactly," said Ulrich.
"Well, there is kind of a way to bring someone back to life.
I mean, it's a special situation and they had to have done this thing before they died.
It's pretty awful actually…" Harry's hope got ahead of him for a moment, and the fantasy of resurrection played out fully in his mind's eye, but then he got the horrible sense that he knew what Ulrich was talking about.
"A horcrux," Harry said, hoping he wasn't entirely off the mark.
"You know?"
Ulrich asked, a little astonished.
"I made one," Harry said, after a pause.
He figured relating this information to somebody who was already dead was probably fine.
The utterly flabbergasted look on Ulrich's face was not what he expected, however.
"You're not joking," Ulrich finally said.
"You're ten.
How are you still sane?
Are you—I mean, you seem pretty sane."
"What are you talking about?"
Harry asked, frowning.
"Does it drive you mad?"
"I don't know.
You tell me," Ulrich said rather breathlessly.
"You actually did the ritual."
"That's the thing," Harry said.
"Master Joachim did it for me."
Ulrich shook his head slowly.
"That's impossible," he said.
"Someone else can't—" "That's quite enough."
It was Petri's voice, from above.
A/N: It's always bothered me that you can make paintings that talk, apparently have enough consciousness to spy on people and have their own loyalties, and in general function as a 2D facsimile of their original selves.
The headmasters have to teach their paintings to act like them, but that's just knowledge and mannerisms - the consciousness and intelligence come from elsewhere.
You can't bring the dead back but it seems that you can make a pretty damn good cop.
he walk back to the work room was tense.
Nobody said anything, though Harry glanced over to Ulrich every so often.
The older boy's expression was almost terrifyingly blank.
Without much prompting beyond a nod of Petri's head, Ulrich disrobed and climbed back into his drawer.
As soon as he lay down, he seemed to slump into unconsciousness, and the guide paths on his skin dissolved.
Harry flinched as Petri shoved the drawer shut.
Harry had the overwhelming urge to demand answers from Petri, but was conscious enough of the absurdity of such an act that he managed to restrain himself.
If Petri had stopped Ulrich from telling him, there was no way he would explain it himself.
"Did you have fun?"
Petri asked.
He sounded dangerously normal, even though Harry would have expected it to be a leading question.
It probably was.
"Yes," he said, stubbornly, even though he was not certain that the experience qualified as "fun," in any sense.
Gobstones had been a curiosity at best, and the following conversation informative, but disturbing.
"Good," said Petri.
After staring at Harry piercingly for a long moment, he turned away.
Harry breathed out a quiet sigh.
He supposed they were just going to pretend the horcrux matter had never come up.
Petri walked up to the worktable and summoned a stack of parchment from a drawer.
A sweep of his wand distributed the sheets across the table, and he cast a severing charm at each one.
"Show me your mending charm," he said.
"Start here."
Harry directed his wand where Petri pointed, and incanted, "Reparo."
The two halves cleaved together seamlessly.
He moved on to the next page, wondering what the point was in repeating the exercise.
He soon found out, as the repair job was less smooth on the third parchment, and required another try.
Petri made no comment, but Harry felt very self-conscious as he cast the spell a second time.
He had gathered that Petri had used a stronger severing charm with each successive parchment.
By the fifth parchment, he could hardly get the halves to do more than align themselves.
They seemed to refuse to stick together.
Sweat beaded on his forehead, and he felt a little hot from embarrassment.
"Don't force it," said Petri.
He did not look disapproving, which Harry supposed was good.
"You'll make further progress in time.
For now, read the next two chapters in the Standard Book and chapter two in Gesang und Rhythmus."
Reading.
Joy.
Still, Harry was glad to get out of Petri's presence for now.
He wasn't sure how much longer he could go without asking a potentially unfortunate question.
Then he remembered the blood door.
"How do I get out, sir?"
he asked.
There was no way he was going to cut himself without some way to heal it.
Petri waved dismissively.
"Go down to the library.
It should have a copy of both books," he said.
By "library," Harry assumed that Petri meant the pentagonal room with the books and the armchairs.
It took several tries for Harry to find the right face carving to activate the lift, but he fortunately managed without having to go back to ask Petri.
Finding the books that he wanted was another matter.
They were organised by the last name of the author, and while he had seen the Standard Book of Spells enough times to remember that it was by Miranda Goshawk, he had no idea who had written the other book, which he had only just read the first chapter of, and with only a rather limited understanding.
It was written in German, and Harry had the impression that it was meant for adults.
He found the Standard Book quickly enough, and along with it an entire row of smaller textbooks by the same title, but with "Grade One," "Grade Two," and such appended.
He supposed that they were for school.
Curious, he took down the grade one book and the full book and sat down on one of the armchairs to compare them.
The first thing he noticed was that the spells and chapters were organised differently, with the grade one book skipping a number of charms to make room for others.
The school textbook also had more detailed animated diagrams of each wand movement, and less information about the spell itself.
The main book often gave examples of applications, though it was nowhere near as detailed as the Complete Compendium of Charms.
Instead, as the introduction intimated, the Standard Book had the aim of adequately covering the spells most useful for a wizard's education.
Harry was on chapter six at the moment, and as far as he could tell, he had read more pages than the entirety of the first two grades of the textbook combined, but had not yet covered all the spells from grade one.
He wasn't sure if that was good or bad.
On the one hand, he wanted to learn magic, but on the other hand, a good foundation could be more important than knowing a lot of spells.
Setting the grade one book aside, he flipped to where he remembered having left off in the main book and settled down to read about the dancing-feet spell.
The spell itself was pretty useless, according to Goshawk, and only usually taught because it was an excellent measure of focus, something which was difficult to disentangle from power and will in other spells.
Improper focus caused the spell to have unpredictable results.
A poorly-cast instance of it was even said to be responsible for one of worst volcanic eruptions in Europe!
Of course, the book recommended aspiring students practise on dolls and fruits, and advised against casting it on rigid objects with legs like tables and chairs, or on other people.
Harry wondered why fruit was such a common target.
He had also practised the variants of locomotor on a basket of apples.
Upon further reading, he found that even the goal of the exercise was the same – to make the fruit walk across a table.
Of course, unlike with the animation charm, where he had struggled to make it move at all, the trick with the dancing-feet spell was to keep the fruit from leaping uncontrollably off the edge.
The next chapter was an introduction to the fire-making spell.
The reader was cautioned not to attempt the spell without taking precautions, or before mastering the focus exercises in the previous chapter.
Harry resigned himself to hours of dancing fruits in his future.
Skimming the remainder of the chapter, which talked about bluebell flames, a subject which Harry already knew more than enough about after reading the entry in the Complete Compendium, he shut the book and returned it and its grade one edition to their place.
Now for Gesang und Rhythmus, which Harry was pretty sure did not actually mean "Song and Rhythm," though he had no better guesses and he didn't know how to make the dictionary spell give alternative definitions.
First, he needed to find the book.
He wished he knew the summoning charm, or at least some kind of search spell.
Rumbling from behind him drew his attention, and he saw that the platform in the centre of the room was beginning to rise.
Panicking slightly, he ran up to it and leapt, only just managing to roll himself onto the surface.
When the platform finished its ascent, Harry was met with Petri's unimpressed scowl.
"Did you finish your reading?"
Petri asked.
"Only the Standard Book," said Harry.
"I saw that it's divided into grades.
Is that for school?"
"Yes, exactly," said Petri.
"Will I go to school?"
Harry asked, a little nervous.
He wasn't sure what answer he wanted to hear.
"Of course," said Petri.
He motioned for Harry to follow him, and led the way out of the trunk.
Harry guessed that it was about dinner time.
"You'll go to school starting next year, for seven years, and then return to finish your apprenticeship in just two years.
Normally it would be four, but you will have had a head start."
"Oh," said Harry.
That was more detail than Harry had been expecting, and sounded legitimate, if a little too fully-planned.
What if he developed an interest in something else and didn't want to finish his apprenticeship?
Harry supposed that he had no idea what that something else might be, and that it would be foolish to ask such a question.
Instead, he said, "That's a long time.
Why did you pick me to be your apprentice?
Why not someone who was done with school?"
"You were living with muggles," said Petri very pointedly, as if that explained everything.
Perhaps it did.
For the first time, Harry considered that perhaps from Petri's point of view, he had been doing Harry a great favour in removing him from the Dursleys and teaching him magic.
Harry didn't know what to think.
He'd had the opportunity and been made to do all kinds of things he would never have imagined, both amazing and awful.
It was a thousand times more exciting than the humdrum routine of suburban existence, and Harry did not miss the cupboard under the stairs or Harry Hunting.
He could even say he was glad to have seen the last of Aunt Petunia's pinched, horse-like visage and Uncle Vernon's moustachioed sneer.
It was just different, he concluded, and a more extreme way of living.
In Little Whinging, nothing particularly good had ever happened to him, but nothing particularly bad had happened either.
Under the tutelage of Petri he had learned to do real spells already, and seen even more incredible magic daily, but he had also been cursed and had to make a horcrux and deal in other obviously unsavoury magical things.
"My former master also took me in as a child," Petri said as they resurfaced into his office.
Harry tucked his elbows in to fit through the trunk opening and tumbled onto the floor inelegantly.
He got to his feet and looked up, but Petri seemed to be examining something on his desk, and was not looking at him.
"I used to be a mudblood."
"Used to?"
Harry blurted before he could stop himself.
"I despised myself terribly," said Petri, very analytically.
"I became only magic, and escaped my filthy blood and body.
When I returned, I was pure."
Harry stared at Petri, bewildered.
That was possibly the most cryptic thing the usually straightforward man had ever said to him.
What was he to make of it?
"Thankfully, you are a half-blood," said Petri, glancing at Harry for a moment before turning back to his desk.
Harry followed his gaze and landed on a tiny glass orb.
It looked like a Remembrall, except the smoke inside was black and churned restlessly within its confines.
"Why does blood matter?"
Harry asked, genuinely curious.
He had thought before that Petri simply hated muggles and thought himself superior out of arrogance, but now it seemed that there was something more to the matter.
"Mudbloods are only the barest step up from squibs," Petri said.
"Their magical flow is limited and they are weak as a rule.
Half-bloods are already much less likely to suffer this weakness."
Harry nodded slowly.
He supposed that that made sense, though he still was not entirely satisfied with the explanation.
What did it matter if mudbloods were weak, if they could still do magic?
That seemed a lot better than being incapable of it at all.
And was Petri right about half-bloods?
Harry wondered about his own magic.
Was he weak or strong?
He felt uncomfortable voicing any of these questions.
Petri seemed finished with this conversation, and had already turned to leave.
Harry followed him down the hall and, to his surprise, not into the kitchen but out the front tent flap and into the forest clearing where they had made their camp.
It was dusk.
A vague purple glow was still visible over the horizon, but the forest just a few meters away was impenetrably murky.
"We will be apparating to see a client," Petri said.
"We?"
Harry repeated.
Though Petri had been visiting clients regularly over the past week to take orders and made deliveries, Harry had not been a part of that so far.
"It will be in England, near where you used to live, and a convenient chance to adjust the fidelius charm.
Nobody must recognise you," Petri said.
"You mean people could still find out who I am, after the charm?"
Harry asked a little incredulously.
"Isn't it supposed to be unbeatable?"
"In theory, yes.
But identity semantics are vague.
Don't worry about it," said Petri.
Harry wasn't worried.
He didn't truly believe that it mattered whether his identity was a secret; only Petri's paranoid fixation on the matter evinced otherwise.
Petri held out his arm, and Harry grasped it tightly.
He squeezed his eyes shut and took a deep breath.
A moment later, he was compressed on all sides, as if being sucked through a far-too-narrow tube, and he stumbled into reality again on the other side, clutching his chest queasily.
With no warning, they apparated again, and Harry felt like he was suffocating.
After what seemed and interminable bout of compression, they emerged and Harry gasped heavily, his heartbeat thudding in his ears.
"One more," Petri said, sounding a little breathless, and Harry braced himself again.
The last apparition was marginally better than the first two, if only because it was shorter.
They appeared on a very familiar suburban street.
Bright electric lamplight illuminated the narrow pavement.
At intervals, short, blocky driveways led up to wide houses in a variety of pastel colours, a step up in affluence from the bland, identically brown brick walls of Privet Drive.
They were standing in front of a pale blue house on Wisteria Walk, just shy of the white pillars supporting the porch roof.
A large, white cat reclined on a section of railing and stared at them with its lamp-like yellow eyes.
This was Mrs. Figg's house!
Petri was already heading purposefully up the walkway toward the front door.
Harry followed hesitantly after him.
They were supposedly visiting a client, and that client seemed to be Mrs. Figg, the batty old cat lady who minded him whenever the Dursleys had family trips.
How could Petri know her?
Was she secretly a witch?
Before they even made it to the door, it swung open and revealed Mrs. Figg in only a baggy floral nightdress and slippers.
A pair of cats were weaving about her skinny ankles, and another was visible behind her.
"Joachim!"
she greeted.
"Right on time—Harry?"
She peered at Harry with wide eyes, as if she had seen a ghost, and Harry glanced at Petri with some trepidation.
The man did not seem fazed by her recognition.
"Hello, Arabella" he said.
"This is my apprentice, Harry.
I don't believe you've met before."
Mrs. Figg craned her head forward even more to study Harry, and her lips curved into a halfhearted smile that did not manage to reach her eyes.
"Oh, yes.
It's nice to meet you, young man," she said.
"You know, for a moment there I thought you were someone else.
There was a boy living around here who looks a lot like you.
Even had the same name."
Harry was a little stunned by this comment.
"What a coincidence," he managed faintly.
"It's nice to meet you too, Mrs., er…" he paused, remembering on time that he was not supposed to know her name.
"Figg," she offered.
"Mrs. Figg," Harry repeated.
"Come inside," said Mrs. Figg.
She nudged several cats out of their path with her fluffy slippers.
The slippers had button eyes and triangle ears sewn onto them, and the buttons seemed to shift ever-so-slightly to watch them as they moved.
Harry wondered how he'd never noticed that detail before.
"Have a seat.
You must be tired coming all this way.
Would you like some tea?"
said Mrs. Figg.
She ushered them into the parlour and seated them on the too-squishy floral couches.
Harry winced as a collection of multi-coloured cat hairs immediately adhered to his black robes.
"Tea would be lovely, though it was not such a long way; we apparated," said Petri.
"How are you and your cats?"
"Oh yes, well, that's why I sent for you.
It's Mr. Tibbles.
Well, I'll tell you all about it over tea," said Mrs. Figg, disappearing into the kitchen.
"How do you know her?"
Harry whispered in German.
"She used to babysit me.
Is she a witch?"
Petri glanced at the kitchen door and then said, "She's a squib.
Her brother and I were comrades."
Were?
Given the situation, Harry had to assume that he was dead.
Mrs. Figg came back shortly, more quickly than Harry would have expected, with a china tea set.
When she put it down on the low table, the teapot wiggled, and then floated in the air to pour the tea on its own.
Harry stared at the obviously magical object.
He'd seen that tea set before, and it had never moved on its own like that.
There was cake too, on little plates.
It was the same chocolate cake she used to feed him when he came over.
Harry cautiously tried a bite, and found it less stale than usual.
He sipped at the magically poured tea.
It was weak, only a faintly bitter water; some things did not change.
"Mr. Tibbles is ill," said Mrs. Figg, her wrinkles deepening as she frowned into her tea.
"He won't eat, and his fur's falling out.
I've taken him to the muggle vet and they told me they can't do a thing.
He's got weeks, months at best."
"I'm no healer," said Petri, more gently than Harry would have expected from him.
"You can help him, like you did with Tufty," said Mrs. Figg with surprising forcefulness.
A dark tabby with a broad face and a misplaced tuft of fur on its head chose that moment to leap up onto the back of Mrs. Figg's armchair and wave its tail in front of her face.
"He's doing so well now," she said, reaching up to run her hand along the outstretched tail.
"I'm glad," said Petri.
"So help Mr. Tibbles, too," said Mrs. Figg.
"He was Octavian's.
I don't want to lose him."
"Octavian's?"
Petri repeated, clearly incredulous.
He put his cup down on the table and leaned forward.
Mrs. Figg was nodding.
"He was only a kitten back then, but still the cleverest thing.
Did you know he made it all the way across the channel on his own?
Stowed away on the ferry, to come back home.
After—well, you know.
Mr. Tibbles was how we found out Octavian wasn't coming back," she said.
"It's been almost fifty years," Petri said.
"Don't you think he deserves to rest?"
Fifty years?
Harry could scarcely believe his ears.
The chocolate cake turned bitter in his mouth, and he swallowed thickly.
He hadn't thought Petri was much older than that, but the implication that the cat, that Mr. Tibbles was fifty years old was just mind-boggling.
Harry had been sure that cats only lived into their teens, maybe twenty years at maximum.
Magic was the only explanation, but Mrs. Figg was supposed to be a squib, according to Petri.
She was asking Petri for help now, though, so perhaps she had had help from other wizards before, as well.
"He's very happy," said Mrs. Figg.
"If only he weren't ill he could live fifty more."
Petri snorted, a little unkindly.
"All right, fine, that was perhaps a tad generous," Mrs. Figg allowed, but the stubborn frown had not left her face.
"Very well.
I'll help him," said Petri, with surprising alacrity given his previous reluctance.
"I have to take him with me, though, you understand.
I'll bring him back in a few days."
"Thank you," said Mrs. Figg, and Harry was a little shocked, despite it all, to see her tearing up.
"I'm grateful, Joachim, really.
You have a kind heart."
Harry could not help frowning a little at this obvious mistake.
Mrs. Figg was more perceptive than she let on, however, because she glanced to him briefly.
"Harry, dear, don't let him fool you," she said, drying her eyes on the sleeve of her nightgown.
"He's a good man."
She turned back to Petri.
"You're just like he used to be.
So prickly, but you're still helping out an old squib like me."
"Hardly old," Petri interjected, as if that was the main thing he had to object to.
"Please."
Mrs. Figg scoffed.
"And before you get started on me again, I have a payment for you too.
I hope you like it."
"Payment?"
asked Petri.
Harry wondered what a squib would possibly have for a wizard like Petri.
Mrs. Figg was already getting to her feet.
Her joints creaked as she stood, but there was still an air of spryness about her, and she shuffled toward the kitchen again.
"Come on," she said, looking back at them, and Petri stood.
Harry followed, uncertain but also unwilling to be left by himself, with only Mrs. Figg's cats for company.
He'd had a lifetime's worth of looking at them already.
The kitchen looked the same as ever.
Unfamiliar eyes would be immediately drawn to dark green drapes that seemed incongruously heavy given the light, modern furniture that populated the rest of the room.
It wasn't nearly clean enough to meet Aunt Petunia's obsessive standards—there were grease stains here and there, and the towels hanging from the oven handle didn't match—but it was tidy nonetheless.
Mrs. Figg made a beeline for the drawer in the counter by the cooker, and after a moment of rummaging around produced a large, reddish-orange feather.
"Is that what I think it is?"
asked Petri.
The familiar tinge of avarice had crept into his voice, but Harry had no guesses for why a somewhat rumpled bird feather would be of interest to the man, except that there was definitely something magical about it.
Harry found his attention unduly fixed on it, and there was a sort of ambivalent, churning feeling in his gut, like he was hungry, but also queasy.
"It is, if you're thinking that this is a feather from Albus's familiar," said Mrs. Figg very smugly.
Petri extended his hand in a "give-that-here" gesture, and Mrs. Figg planted the base of the feather into his grasp.
He brought it close and inspected it carefully, running his fingers over both sides.
He looked rather tense, but also pleased.
"How long have you had this?
It looks fresh," he said.
"Not more than week," said Mrs. Figg.
Petri nodded, apparently satisfied.
"It's not a tail feather," he said, despite that.
"Oh, shush you," said Mrs. Figg.
"I'd like to see you get within ten feet of Albus."
Petri bowed his head, an amused curve at the corner of his lip.
"Quite.
Thank you," he said.
"You're welcome," said Mrs. Figg.
"Now let's get Mr.
Tibbles."
"Hold this," Petri said to Harry, and handed the apparently invaluable feather to him.
Harry stared and reached out a little uncertainly, taking the feather.
It was very warm, almost hot, but not enough to burn him or be uncomfortable.
When he finally tore his gaze away from the thing, Petri had already scooped up the largest and whitest of the cats.
Now that Harry knew the secret of Mr. Tibbles' age, he could see the signs of decrepitude clearly in the creature.
Its coat looked thin and washed out, and its remarkable size only emphasised the feebleness of its comportment.
It squirmed in Petri's arms, as if it would like nothing better than to get away from the man, but was too weak to realise its wishes.
Harry could sympathise.
Petri jerked his head to indicate that Harry ought to precede him out the door.
Petri exchanged some last pleasantries with Mrs. Figg and Harry waved awkwardly goodbye, not entirely sure that she could even see him, and then the door closed.
Petri shifted the cat onto one arm, and it renewed its attempts to get away.
He held it close, however, and somehow managed to avoid its claws as he extracted his wand with his free hand.
With a heavy tap, the cat began to morph, and turned into a fluffy white cushion.
It still had whiskers.
Harry looked on, open-mouthed.
"Is it still alive?"
he blurted.
"It's fine," said Petri.
He transferred the cat-turned-cushion to his wand hand and held out the right expectantly.
Harry remembered that he was still holding the feather and tried to give it over.
"No, take my hand," he said.
"We're apparating.
And don't you dare drop that."
Harry switched hands and made sure he had a vice grip on the feather.
A dizzying, nauseating series of apparitions later, they were back in the clearing with the tent.
Petri dropped the cushion unceremoniously on the ground.
"Petrificus totalus," he murmured, and with another flick of his wand and the transfiguration reversed, leaving a very stiff-looking cat.
Then he took a deep breath, motioned for Harry to stand back, and jabbed with his wand, like it was a sword.
"Avada Kedavra," he cried, and there was the horrible rushing feeling and a flash of green light and the cat was relaxed, serene on the ground in death.
"You killed it," said Harry, his voice a little high-pitched.
His hand hurt, and he had to shift his grip on the feather.
It had suddenly grown painfully hot, but he could already feel it cooling down again.
It felt almost reassuring, and he was able to take a few deep breaths to calm his indignant confusion.
"I'm no healer," Petri said, echoing his words from earlier that evening.
"I am an enchanter."
He left it at that, but Harry already had a horrible idea of what was going to happen to the late Mr. Tibbles.
Poor Mrs. Figg.
She had been wrong, that Petri was nice, in any way.
Harry knew better.
Petri turned to him and held out his hand again, and this time Harry was sure it was for the feather, so he moved to hand it over a little reluctantly.
It felt right in his hand, somehow.
However, when Petri touched it, he recoiled suddenly, as if burned, and Harry felt a pulse of something shoot up his arm.
"Keep that with you for now," Petri said, offering no other explanation.
He did not try to take it again, but instead went inside the tent.
Harry followed him in, and remembered that they hadn't had dinner yet.
He wondered whether to bring it up, but decided quickly that he was not hungry, after all.
A/N: Petri and Mrs. Figg are acquainted, which I hope is no surprise.
Why else would Petri have been anywhere close to Harry at the start of the story without knowing about Harry?
I just want to note here that for the purposes of this story, Fantastic Beasts is considered canon.
I know I'm going to eat my words when more Fantastic Beasts installments come out and contradict something I've assume.
arry was unfortunately privy to the grisly business of Mr. Tibbles' revival.
It was done the next morning, in the depths of the trunk.
"This is a semi-permanent reanimation," said Petri.
"In order for it to last, we need to provide a constant supply of magic."
Petri opened one of the worktable drawers and withdrew an empty glass orb.
"Get the Kneazle blood," he said.
Harry went to the cabinet with all the blood vials.
He had no idea what "kneazle" meant; it sounded familiar, so it was probably a kind of creature, but if he had ever read about it, he couldn't remember anymore.
Fortunately, the vials of creature blood were labelled and in alphabetical order since the last time he'd sorted them, so he managed to find the right one.
He was thankful that Petri pronounced the "K," for otherwise he would have been stuck searching fruitlessly in the "N" section.
"Why kneazle blood?"
Harry asked.
"Obviously because we are reanimating a kneazle," said Petri.
Harry considered again the corpse of Mr. Tibbles with this new understanding.
It made sense that Mr. Tibbles wasn't really a cat.
He had been having a hard time imagining how a cat could live for fifty years, even with spells, but apparently he had been thinking about it in the wrong way entirely.
Petri used what seemed to be the reverse of the blood drawing spell to siphon the blood out of the vial and inject it into the glass orb.
He then cast a spell to enlarge the orb until it was about the size of a football, and set it down on the table.
The blood sloshed about inside, leaving a gritty residue on the glass.
Petri touched his wand to the top of the sphere and a globule of blood rose up to meet it.
He moved his wand downward and the blood made a red stripe on the inside of the orb.
The stripe was solid, and was clearly sticking there unnaturally.
Petri continued to methodically make stripes, all emanating from the north pole.
Soon, the free blood had been reduced to a little puddle at the bottom, and most of it was clinging to the sides in stripes.
"This is the efficient magical flow for conservation," said Petri.
"You see that there are two sets of six flow lines in total," he traced them out with a finger, and Harry saw that the lines alternated between long and short.
"The open ends allow dispersal.
We would close them to form a core if we wanted a vampire, but of course we do not."
Unbidden, the image of a vampire cat tried to form in Harry's mind, but however he thought about it, it turned out to look just like a regular cat.
Mrs. Figg would probably notice if it started cannibalizing her other cats, though.
Petri shrunk the orb back to its original size.
Then he moved to the corpse and sliced open its chest with a severing charm.
The nearly bloodless wound disturbed Harry, but Petri was unfazed and simply tucked the orb somewhere into the cavity.
Then he cast the mending charm and the cat was back to normal.
"Why can't you mend living things?"
Harry blurted out, somewhat astonished by the easy repair of the dead cat.
"Their magical flow gets in the way," said Petri.
"What about muggles?"
asked Harry.
"Even muggles have a magical flow," said Petri.
"Muggles, most animals, even some plants."
He turned back to the dead cat.
"Now I will use the animation charm, but with a slightly different rhythm.
Pay attention."
Harry wasn't sure what Petri meant by "rhythm"—no doubt it was the same thing as the "Rhythmus" from the Gesang und Rhythmus book that he hadn't finished—but he watched attentively.
Petri started out with a swish, twirl, and flick as usual, and the cat begin to stir.
For several long moments, Petri stayed still and kept his wand fixed on its target.
Then, he switched to a series of tight twirls, in what seemed to be a perfect circle, and finally gave a sharp tug, as if snapping a thread.
He relaxed and let his wand fall to the side.
Mr. Tibbles shook itself and flattened its ears.
It looked warily from side to side.
Perfectly catlike, in Harry's opinion.
He was reluctantly impressed.
"Did you see it?"
asked Petri, glancing at Harry.
Harry floundered for a moment before he said, "Er, well, you added the twirls at the end."
"Yes, and why did I do that?"
"Er, to, er," Harry really had no idea.
He tried to remember what each of the wand movements signified, but came up short.
"To give it more power?"
he guessed.
Petri snorted, and Harry concluded that he had missed the mark entirely.
"The twirl is the addition of a nullity charm, which you might remember attracts external magic.
It symbolises the number zero, and we repeat it six times to stabilise the enchantment, as six is the most stable number.
Seven would be the most powerful, but we do not want power here."
Harry nodded.
These properties of numbers seemed like superstition to him, but then again, the properties of exponents had seemed like magic to him the last time he had seen maths, so there was no telling what might be real.
Apparently, the matter with Mr. Tibbles was finished, because Petri froze the cat with petrificus totalus and said, "I have a short errand to run.
Practise the mending charm more until I return."
Harry bit back a groan.
Detecting his reluctance nonetheless, Petri added, "We will have a lesson on enchantment once you can mend this."
He summoned a piece of parchment from the haphazard pile which had already been used for this exercise, and cast a severing charm on it, before leaving Harry to his devices.
Harry wondered if it would count if he managed to cast finite on the paper, but decided the next moment that it would probably be just as difficult to do that, and likely against the spirit of the exercise.
Practice had been good for something, and Harry was surprised to have managed his task after perhaps just a quarter of an hour.
Satisfied, he pocketed his wand and looked around for something else to do.
He was alone in Petri's workshop, and dreadfully eager to snoop, except that he was sure half the things in here could kill him.
For example, Ulrich's inferius body, which Petri simply kept in that expanded drawer, would maul anybody who opened it without the right precautions.
As curious as he was, he had some sense of self-preservation, and was also deterred by the additional knowledge that he probably wouldn't understand or recognise most of the things in the room.
A growing warmth in his pocket drew his attention and he reached inside automatically, which he belated realised perhaps was not the wisest course of action.
It was just the orange feather, though, which he had kept in his robes since the previous night.
He took it out and held it cautiously between his thumb and forefinger; it did not heat up any further.
He wondered what kind of bird it could be from.
It was nearly the length of his forearm, but narrow, about two fingers wide.
The bottom was a burnt russet which quickly lightened into a vibrant red and pale orange at the tips.
It looked like a tongue of flame.
The only birds he had ever seen with red or orange feathers were the finches at the park, bright flashes of colour darting among the hedges.
They were far too small to have produced feather like this.
"Ah, you have it with you.
Good," said the apparently returned Petri, breaking Harry's transfixion with the feather.
Feeling a little faint, he shook his head and tried to focus on Petri, who was presently traversing the room.
"What is it?"
Harry asked, a little reluctantly handing the feather to Petri when he extended his hand.
This time, Petri did not flinch or make any indication that it hurt to touch, like he had the night before.
"It's a phoenix feather," said Petri.
"The most powerful wand core, though it would be better if it were a tail feather."
"You're making a wand?"
Harry asked, a little puzzled.
"Hardly," said Petri.
"I'm making a false wand until I can acquire another."
"But why—" "Sit down," said Petri, summoning a chair up to the worktable.
Harry sat and closed his mouth, though he was burning with questions.
Why did Petri need another wand?
Why would he need a fake wand?
Why use an actual wand core for a fake wand, instead of just a stick?
Petri set the phoenix feather on the table and reached into his robe pocket, producing his wand and a toothpick-sized stick.
Then he tapped the stick and it expanded into a thin tree branch which looked like it had been snapped off one of the trees from outside.
"What's that?"
Harry asked, seeing as it obviously was not willow.
He yelped as Petri flung a stinging hex at him, probably for asking a stupid question.
It hit his shoulder.
"It's a pine branch," said Petri.
Harry rubbed his shoulder, deciding that the answer had been worth it.
Petri cut the branch to about a foot in length, put the tip of his wand to the branch, and appeared to apply a very precise and weak cutting charm as he ran it over the length and whittled away at the bark.
It was not long before he had a smooth, thin stick that looked wand-like enough to Harry.
"Pine is one of the more conductive woods, I am told," said Petri.
"I hope it will be enough."
Harry waited for some kind of elaboration, but Petri fell silent again as he worked.
He hollowed out the stick and simply pushed the phoenix feather inside until it was entirely encased, and then filled in the bottom hole.
It looked like a craft project Harry might have done in school rather than the making of an actual wand.
Then again, it was supposed to be fake.
The difference escaped Harry.
Petri set down his wand and picked up the new one.
He pointed it at the stack of parchment and a piece slid across the table.
"It works!"
Harry blurted.
"It's only an amplifier," said Petri.
"It can't be used to cast any spells."
Was that not the summoning charm?
Harry did not say anything, however, and only waited.
"A real wand is enchanted to respond to incantations and movements, and to remember new incantations and movements.
The enchantments to make that possible are incredibly complex and proprietary, so I only know of their existence and nothing more," Petri said.
Harry decided that it was safe to ask questions now.
"So someone had to put all the incantations into the wand?"
he asked.
He wasn't sure what he had thought up until now about how spells worked, but he supposed that it didn't make sense that shouting some magic words naturally made things happen.
Petri shook his head.
"No.
The wand learns as a wizard uses it."
Harry nodded, though he didn't entirely understand.
"Why do you need a fake wand?"
he asked instead.
"We won't be living in a tent forever," said Petri.
Harry was glad to hear it, but confused by the non sequitur.
"However, I cannot rent or buy a piece of land without a wand or some other identification, and I would be arrested if I showed my currently registered wand."
Harry nodded, idly patting his pocket where his own wand was.
So a wand was identification, and Petri needed fake identification.
Petri's gaze darted to Harry's hand.
"Unfortunately, your wand is also under my name, as you're under school age, so I cannot use that either.
But this should do."
"Nobody will know it's fake?"
asked Harry.
"A wand maker would, but the Zollamt won't," Petri said.
"Zollamt?"
Harry repeated, not catching the meaning, but Petri only nodded.
"We will be moving to Wizarding London tomorrow.
I'm hardly brazen enough to show my face again in reach of the German Aurors."
he said.
Before Harry had time to recover from his surprise at this sudden development, Petri deemed the topic closed.
"Now, as promised, I will teach you more about enchantment."
This declaration distracted Harry summarily from his other concerns.
"Generally speaking, enchantment is another word for a complicated charm that is meant to last a long time.
The simplest and most common type of enchantment is called static inspiration, and this is what you'll be learning about today, and for the next few years at least," said Petri.
He pulled the piece of parchment that he had summoned earlier closer to himself and extracted a quill from his pocket.
Then he beckoned for Harry to come closer.
Harry got out of his seat and stepped around the table to look at what Petri was writing on the parchment with the clearly self-inking quill.
He seemed to be making a list of lines and arrows which looked vaguely familiar.
Harry realised that they were of the same sort as the ones he had seen on Petri's pensieve.
"This is enchanter's shorthand," Petri began to explain.
"Enchantments can be very complex and it is best practice to write down the entire plan before beginning.
Even a simple enchantment is helpful to write down."
He flipped his quill in his grasp and pointed out the symbols with the tip of the feather.
"These are wand movements.
You'll also see these in books to describe regular rhythm for complex spells," said Petri.
Harry could see that the wand movement shorthand was fairly straightforward, with the movement itself simply drawn out and the direction indicated by an arrow.
Petri moved down on the page and pointed to something that looked like an upside-down "R" with an extra curl.
"This is the conditional charm, which is necessary for most useful enchantments.
It indicates when an effect should happen.
And this," he said, pointing to a figure eight with a bulbous top, "represents the nullity charm, which you already know about.
It is the end of most enchantments."
The other commonly used symbols in static inspiration represented the timing charm and several measurement charms for proximity and motion, but Petri said that Harry would learn these later as they were more delicate than he was currently capable of.
Harry did not like it on principle to be told he couldn't do something, but he knew that Petri was probably right.
"The incantation for the nullity charm is deleo, and the movement is like this, as you'll recall," said Petri, taking out his real wand and twirling it in precise circles.
"Practise that.
Right now," he added, as Harry glanced up uncertainly.
Harry pulled out his wand and tried to copy the movement, but it was more difficult than he expected to get it right.
The wand tip seemed insistent on moving in a haphazard elliptic trajectory instead.
He could feel the weight of Petri's gaze on him, and was a little frustrated and embarrassed to be incapable of something as apparently simple as moving his wand in a circle.
A glance upward revealed that the older wizard was somewhat nonplussed, but then his face smoothed out.
"Well, when you can manage it, we will try a simple enchantment," Petri said.
Somehow, the lack of any condescension in his tone made everything worse.
Harry flushed slightly, and slowed down his movement to try to round it out better.
When he sped it up again, however, it returned to being stubbornly asymmetric.
"Stupid hand, ugh," Harry muttered to himself.
"Don't frustrate yourself," said Petri, with surprising kindness, as if he understood.
"You are lacking years of experience in wand work.
Even if you cannot manage an enchantment there is still plenty of theory for you to learn."
Harry grimaced at the word, "theory."
It was necessary now and then, but he would rather get to the actual magic part.
He just needed to make his hand cooperate.
His wrist hurt, but when the motion finally looked passably circular to him, he started with the incantation, "deleo!"
Petri's hand shot out and caught Harry's arm, aborting his motion.
"If you're ready to cast it, then try the entire enchantment.
You are comfortable with the levitation charm?"
Harry nodded, lowering his wand and trying surreptitiously to rub his sore wrist.
"Good, then your first project will be to inspire something to levitate.
Rosenkol!"
Rosenkol did not pop up immediately, and Harry remembered that they were in a trunk, and guessed that it wasn't possible to apparate into an expanded space from outside it.
At least, Petri seemed to expect the wait.
The elf appeared about ten seconds after he had been called.
"Rosenkol steht dem Herrn zu Diensten," said the elf rather primly.
"We need an apple," said Petri, and Rosenkol disappeared again with a snap of his fingers.
Joy.
Fruit again.
Harry wondered how many charms he could cast on a piece of fruit before it became inedible.
Even if it was impossible to spoil food with benign magic, he still felt a bit queasy at the thought of eating something that had just been floating or tap-dancing supernaturally.
"This is a simple enchantment with just the levitation charm and the nullity charm.
Write it down, for practice," said Petri, handing him the quill and sliding the parchment with the shorthand symbols over.
Harry drew the swish and flick and the bulbous figure eight, and Petri nodded, though he corrected the flick with an extra arrow.
Double arrow for sudden movements.
Rosenkol returned with the requested apple and an additional bowl of spares, which he levitated to the middle of the table.
Petri nodded to him and dismissed him.
"Watch," said Petri.
He pointed his wand at an apple, executed a swish and flick, incanting "wingardium leviosa," and then immediately thereafter, "deleo," and twirled his wand several times.
He lowered his wand and the apple remained levitating, though it did nothing else.
Petri reached out and plucked the apple out of the air.
He held it out and Harry took it without thinking, and immediately had his arm jerked upward as the apple tried to escape back to its original height.
He yelped in surprise and let go, and the apple floated serenely back to where it had started.
"Your goal will be to produce this enchantment.
The apple hovers at a constant level, and tries to return to it if disturbed," said Petri.
He took another apple from the basket and set it on the table, gesturing for Harry to give it a try.
It sounded simple enough.
"Wingardium leviosa deleo!"
said Harry.
His twirl was again misshapen and though the apple lurched slightly, it was back on the table before it had really lifted off.
Having expected trouble with the nullity charm, he was not much deterred and simply tried again a few times.
On the fifth try he got an acceptable twirl, but the apple jumped up slightly, seemed to roll in the air, and then bounced against the edge of the table, before it then proceeded to fall to the floor.
"There are two things you should watch for," Petri said.
"Your focus on the levitation charm must be enough to achieve your goal, and your willpower must be adequate for the nullity charm to last."
Harry nodded, though he didn't really understand how to put this advice into practice, and simply tried again.
His nullity charm just needed to be stronger so it didn't run out.
A few more falls later, the apple was rather bruised, but Harry thought he was getting marginally better at the nullity charm.
He gave a longer twirl than usual just to be sure.
The apple shot straight up and hit the ceiling, before bouncing on the table and onto the floor again and sending juice flying.
"Reparo," said Petri, sweeping his wand in a wide arc.
The apple reconstituted itself and even returned to the tabletop.
"Can you still eat that?"
Harry blurted.
Petri blinked at him and did not answer for a moment, perhaps thrown by the spontaneity of the question.
"Yes, of course," he finally said.
"It's mended."
"If someone ate that, could you mend it again?
Inside them?"
Harry asked, seized by morbid curiosity.
"Would you like to try?"
Petri asked, swiping the apple from the table and holding it out.
Harry shook his head rapidly.
Petri laughed.
"It's probably possible, with enough power," he said, "but that would be a gruesome death, don't you think?"
Death?
Harry thought about it a little more and paled as he comprehended Petri's thought process.
He wished he hadn't brought it up.
"Your exercise," Petri reminded him, and Harry gladly went back to trying to enchant the apple.
No matter what he did, however, the apple refused to stay in one place, or would not levitate for long before falling.
One time, it rose up to match Petri's still-hovering apple, and just as triumph began to blossom in Harry's chest, it shuddered and proceeded to float gently up to the ceiling again.
"This is perhaps too advanced," said Petri, after about ten minutes of watching Harry and the disobedient apple.
"I've almost got it," Harry protested.
"Wingardium leviosa deleo!"
The apple hovered, spinning lazily on its axis, and then spiraled down to the floor.
Harry sighed and rubbed at the back of his neck in consternation.
"Wandwork comes with time," Petri said.
"Understanding which spells to use when enchanting is more important."
"What's the use if I can't do any of it?"
Harry cried, frustration threatening to boil over.
"I can do it," he insisted.
"Keep practising, then," said Petri, and left Harry to it.
Several minutes later, Harry lowered his wand to take a break and realised that he was as good as trapped in the trunk again.
He scowled.
He didn't know what he was doing wrong.
Actually, since Petri hadn't said anything, he was fairly certain that he was not doing anything wrong, exactly, but just doing it poorly.
His apple was able to levitate by some description without him continuing to point his wand at it, so it was enchanted.
It just wasn't anywhere close to perfectly enchanted the way Petri's example apple, which was still suspended motionless in the air, was.
Harry examined the example apple, giving it an experimental prod with the tip of his wand.
It started to spin and continued spinning for a while, though it slowed and stopped eventually.
Curious.
He swished and flicked his wand at his own apple and levitated it.
When he moved his wand, it was like he could pull the apple along and direct it to where he wanted it to go, as long as he focused on it enough.
He had it hover next to the example apple.
It didn't seem to be the levitation charm that was the problem.
"Deleo," he said, twirling his wand, but as soon as he began the new wand motion the apple fell to the ground and rolled under the table.
He sighed.
So there was a reason all the wand motions had to be performed consecutively.
Harry's determination waned after another hour of doing the same thing over and over again without improvement.
He was definitely better than when he had started, but it seemed like he could not stop the apple from spontaneously wandering away, and could not make the enchantment last more than a few minutes.
Petri hadn't come back, and Harry did not know if he was planning to return anytime soon.
He wished he had thought to follow Petri outside and practise in the tent kitchen.
It wasn't as if enchanting a floating apple was dark magic that had to be hidden.
Looking at the bowl of apples, an idea suddenly occurred to him.
"Rosenkol!"
he called tentatively.
Nothing happened, but he waited for a bit in hope.
Just as he was about to berate himself for being foolish, the elf appeared before him with a pop.
"Wizardling is needing something?"
he asked.
"Could you help me get out of the trunk?
Please?"
Harry asked.
Rosenkol held out a spindly, wrinkled hand.
Harry took it cautiously, and then there was a loud crack and the feeling of being squeezed on all sides before they reemerged at the antechamber of the trunk.
"Thanks," he breathed, once he got his wits back together.
Rosenkol was already climbing up the ladder with great dexterity.
The apples had come along with them, Harry saw, and were floating after Rosenkol, with the exception of the one Petri had enchanted.
That one had appeared but seemed to refuse to follow the others.
Harry snatched it, ready this time for its resistance, and climbed out of the trunk.
Once out of the trunk, the apple seemed content to hover at the same relative level to the tent floor.
Petri walked into the office right at that moment, grabbed the floating apple, and took a bite out of it.
Harry could not help staring at him as he ate the enchanted apple.
"The nullity charm was overloaded when I ate some of it," Petri said, returning Harry's gaze with an amused crinkling of the eyes.
Right.
Harry gingerly reached over to take his practice apple (though he hardly intended to practise anymore today) and left the room as quickly as possible once he saw that Petri had nothing else to say to him.
A/N: Stay tuned for the next installment of Harry Potter and the Disobedient Apple.
Just kidding.
I'm sorry for the extended enchantment descriptions; this is the kind of magical theory trash I'm interested in.
The next chapter should have plenty of actual stuff happenin.
hey were really moving to London, just like that.
Harry was more than a little astonished at the alacrity with which they packed up.
Petri removed his trunk from the tent and then folded it up with a few waves of his wand until it was rolled into a tight ball, and could be tied up with straps.
"Why don't you put it in the trunk?"
Harry asked.
"To avoid an explosive death," Petri said.
"A rule of the undetectable extension charm—never put a physically larger extended item in a smaller one."
"Oh," said Harry faintly, eyeing the trunk with new wariness.
Perhaps that was why people didn't live in trunks; they were rather small, and one thoughtless error could be life-threatening.
Petri conjured a mirror and then began running his wand through his hair.
As he did so, the straight locks scrunched up into curls, and salt-and-pepper brown lightened until it was a sandy blond.
He scrutinised himself in the mirror for a few moments before murmuring, "Good enough."
Then he put a key into his trunk lock, turned it all the way around, and opened the lid.
Harry peered over his shoulder and saw that it looked like the normal insides of an unexpanded trunk, except that it was filled with an assortment of glass things that could not possibly be stacked the way they were without magic.
Harry saw everything from remembralls to fake glass eyes to tall wineglasses.
He thought he recognised most of them from Petri's shop.
The shop had sold all kinds of objects, but now that he thought of it, the majority of items had been glass or china.
That must be Petri's enchanting speciality.
Petri removed a pair of silver-rimmed, rectangular spectacles from the trunk and put them on.
Harry saw several other pairs in the trunk, and reached self-consciously up to his own glasses, which were rather ugly and had been picked out of the charity bin.
They had also been broken multiple times by Dudley and liberally sellotaped, but Harry had fixed them with the mending charm as soon as he'd learned it.
"Could I get new glasses?"
he asked, figuring it was at least worth a try.
Petri turned around, and was nigh unrecognisable.
He had had a forgettable face in the first place, and it was buried beneath the superficial changes.
Petri grimaced slightly, and Harry found more familiarity in the expression.
"These spectacles are worth more than your life," he said, but to Harry's surprise, he lifted a pair out of the trunk and held them out, clearly for Harry to try on.
Cautiously, he took the offering and switched it out with his old glasses.
He could hardly see three feet in front of him, but he did notice Petri's wand approaching.
He flinched back instinctively but Petri grabbed his shoulder and held him still.
Then he tapped his wand on the frames and Harry blinked rapidly as the world came into focus.
"Tell me when it starts getting worse instead of better," Petri said.
He tapped every few seconds, and Harry's vision improved beyond what he had thought possible.
"Er," he said, as his field of vision seemed to telescope.
He felt a stab of pain in his temples.
Petri paused, and then gave another tap, which seemed to adjust things back to acceptable levels.
"I think this is good," Harry said.
At least, it was better than it had ever been.
"I'm no healer, but a faulty adjustment won't kill you," said Petri.
"It's great," said Harry, sincerely.
"Thank you."
Petri held up the conjured mirror and Harry studied his reflection.
His hair had grown rather long, not having had the luxury of a cut, especially his fringe, and it brushed the top of the frames.
The new glasses were round just like his old ones, but the rims weren't as pronounced and they were bronze instead of thick black plastic.
In general they looked better, but that was not a particularly high standard.
While he was busy looking at himself, Petri took the opportunity to charm his hair blond as well.
Harry reeled a little at the change.
His reflection looked very wrong, and he did not get used to it before Petri vanished the mirror.
"If you press here," Petri said, moving his hand up to his ear and pinching his frames, "you will be able to see through nearby solid objects."
Surprised, but then feeling foolish for being surprised, because of course the spectacles were enchanted, Harry tried out the feature.
The trees nearest him melted away, though he was still somewhat aware of them, and he saw beyond them more trees.
"Also, if you hold your hands like so," Petri held up his hand right beside corner of his glasses, like he was pushing them up, "you can see what's behind you."
Harry tried this as well and promptly made himself dizzy as his peripheral vision seemed to expand until it extended impossibly far back in both directions.
He let go and shook his head to try to clear it.
"It takes some time to accustom yourself," said Petri.
"I suggest you use the regular setting for now.
Also, if the Zollamt asks, your name is Heinrich Peters.
That is not the place to test the fidelius charm."
Harry nodded.
Petri shut the trunk, locked it, and pushed it toward Rosenkol, who was perched on top of the folded tent.
"Apparate to me when I call for you," Petri told the elf.
Then he held out his hand, and Harry took it, bracing himself for the multiple apparitions it would likely take to reach London.
Apparating was every bit as horrible as it always was.
They appeared in the middle of a field, and then Petri pulled a length of red cord out of his pocket.
"A Ministry of Magic portkey," he said.
Harry grimaced at the mention of portkeying, but he grabbed on.
Petri murmured something under his breath and they were off.
Harry closed his eyes as a hook behind his navel seemed to drag him along at an incredible speed.
Then they were still, and inside a telephone booth.
Harry gasped and leaned against the wall, his heavy breathing fogging up the glass.
"Good, very precise," Petri seemed to be saying to himself, having landed with far better composure.
He inspected the telephone for a few moments, during which Harry had to hold back the urge to explain how it worked, unsure that it would be well received.
At length Petri picked up the phone without incident and dialled "62442."
Harry jumped as a cool female voice echoed around the entire booth and welcomed them to the Ministry of Magic, asking them their names and purposes.
"Jochen Peters and Heinrich Peters, moving to Britain," said Petri.
A pair of pins clattered out into the change bowl, and Petri took them, handing one to Harry.
It read, "Heinrich Peters, Immigration."
He followed Petri's example and pinned it to his robes, just as the voice said, "Visitor, please take the badge and attach it to the front of your robes.
Visitor to the Ministry, you are required to submit to a search and present your wand for registration at the security desk which is located at the far end of the Atrium."
Then the floor rumbled and began to descend, as if they were in a lift, and Harry had to throw out an arm to steady himself.
They were going to be searched?
The ride seemed to go on forever, pulling them deep into the bowels of the earth.
Petri seemed very nonchalant, which made everything even more nerve-wracking.
They were using fake identities right in the government centre!
There was security!
Harry couldn't see how it was going to work.
Then again, wouldn't it be good if Petri was arrested?
He'd essentially kidnapped Harry, after all.
But the thought of the Dursleys, of giving up magic to go back to the likes of his relatives, was a supremely distasteful one.
If he had to be eleven to go to school, that would be another year of staying with them.
A year would be forever.
And he had no idea how he was supposed to sign up or pay for school, either.
The Dursleys certainly weren't going to do it for him.
He sneaked another glance at Petri.
The man wasn't paying him any mind.
He'd been more tolerable in the past few weeks than ever before, and Harry felt that had learned an astronomical amount ever since he had finally been allowed to cast spells.
Had it really only been a month?
Even though all that had been precipitated by Petri attempting to kill him, Harry decided that he was better off where he was now than going somewhere unknown or, worse, back to a muggle life.
His nerves came back with full force just as the descent finally ended and almost blinding light seeped through the glass panes.
The lift shuddered to a stop and the door opened itself.
Petri stood to the side, gesturing for Harry to exit as the female voice wished them a pleasant day.
They had emerged into the vestibule of a vast atrium.
Harry saw along both walls tall, ornate fireplaces, no doubt floo entrances.
They seemed relatively free of traffic at the moment, only the occasional witch or wizard spinning out of the grates on the left side.
The centre of the hall was dominated by an enormous fountain with a collection of golden statues in the centre.
On the other end from where they had entered was a desk with a hanging sign that read, "Security."
Petri strode forward confidently, and Harry did his best to match his pace and keep his face straight.
As they approached the fountain, Harry saw that several of the statues were of magical creatures.
He recognised a house elf and thought that the half human, half horse must be a centaur.
They stopped at the security desk, where a bored-looking wizard in vividly blue robes sat, half-dozing.
He righted himself at the sight of them and stood up, holding out a long golden rod, which he passed across Harry and Petri, and then between and behind them.
Harry relaxed slightly when no alarm of any sort appeared to go off.
He hadn't even noticed how tense he had been.
"Wands please," said the security wizard, and Petri handed him his new, fake wand.
The wizard put it in a dish which hung from a horizontal bar.
It shook, and then an opening at the base of the device spat out a slip of parchment.
"Twelve and a quarter inches, phoenix-feather core, brand new, is that right?
What happened to your old wand?"
"Stolen," said Petri, grimacing.
"You report that?"
asked the wizard.
Petri flashed his visitor badge.
"I have reported it to the German Ministry," he said.
Harry wasn't sure, but he thought Petri must have thickened his accent there on purpose.
The security wizard bought this story, apparently, because he handed back the wand, stuck the piece of parchment on a spike next to the device, and then turned to Harry.
Petri put a hand on his shoulder.
"He's only ten," he said.
The wizard nodded and let them pass.
They waited by the lifts, and Petri perused an informational signboard.
Harry, for his part, couldn't believe that they had got past the security so easily.
"What was that golden stick for?"
he asked, in German, mindful that they were in public.
"It looks for dark magic and concealment charms," said Petri.
"However, minor cosmetic charms do not count."
Harry nodded.
It seemed like a silly oversight, but on the other hand, he expected that witches probably used a variety of cosmetic charms daily.
Those seemed better than the countless powders and creams that Aunt Petunia would often employ.
The lift arrived and the golden gates opened with much clattering and grinding.
Several people exited, and a witch in a wide-brimmed, starry hat entered with them.
As the lift ascended, the same cool voice that had spoken in the visitor's entrance announced the departments that were located on each level.
On level seven, which apparently housed the Department of Magical Games and Sports, a swarm of violet paper aeroplanes entered the lift and the witch with the starry hat exited.
"Level six, Department of Magical Transport, incorporating the Floo Network Authority..." "This is us," said Petri, and Harry followed him out.
A few planes whizzed overhead.
The walls of this hallway were light green, and there were heavy mahogany doors on either side of the hall, mostly shut.
They walked all the way down the hall and turned the corner.
On a section of glass panels, golden letters spelled out "Portkey Office."
Petri opened the door and went inside.
A portly witch with small eyes sat behind the front desk and appeared to be busy stamping parchments.
Petri stepped forward and waited patiently.
"Hello, how can I help you?"
asked the witch after she finished applying the next stamp.
"We're moving here from Germany," Petri said.
He took the red rope that they had used to portkey in and handed it over to the witch.
She looked at a golden tag on the end and then squinted up at their visitor badges.
"Jochen Peters, right?
Anything to declare?"
she asked.
"Nothing," said Petri, holding out his empty hands as if that meant anything, in light of the kinds of extension charms that could be cast.
"I'll need your wand and one additional piece of identification," said the witch.
Another piece of identification?
Harry looked up with some concern, but Petri handed over his wand and then calmly reached into his pocket and pulled out a thin metal chain, which he passed to the witch.
She looked somewhat confused.
"My apparition licence," Petri said, and she glanced down the chain to where a silver ring dangled.
"Right, right.
From the Continent… bit different from how we do it here," she said, taking the ring and setting it on one of the dishes of a scale-like device.
She produced a golden coin from a drawer in the desk and put it on the other side, where it appeared to balance perfectly.
"Here's your wand back.
Just put some magic into this one, like you're casting lumos," she said, giving Petri the pine wand back.
He touched the tip to the golden coin as indicated.
"Ding!"
went the scales, and spat out a piece of parchment.
"Looks good," said the witch, and gave him his ring and chain back as well.
"You can apparate legally in Britain with your old licence, but you'll have to get it renewed to use the Ministry-sponsored Emergency Unsplinching Service for free.
The Apparition Test Centre is just down the hall, if you want to make an appointment."
"Thank you," said Petri, slipping his licence and wand back into his pocket.
"Well, your wand's down in the registry," said the witch, "so you're done.
Welcome to Wizarding Britain."
Harry let out a huge sigh of relief as they walked out of the office and back toward the lift.
That had been… easy.
He almost couldn't believe how little scrutiny they had been subject to.
"Was that really it?"
he could not help asking.
"The British Ministry cares not who moves here, just if they register and pay taxes.
I suspect the threat of the Dark Lord scared many families into fleeing the country a decade ago, and the population has not recovered," Petri said.
English.
Given that they were in England, Harry supposed that Petri had deemed it prudent to speak the local language.
Harry was glad to hear it.
They exited the lift at the atrium and crossed over to the fireplaces.
"We take the floo to Diagon Alley," said Petri.
"Step inside after it turns green, and say 'Diagon Alley.'
Make sure you say it clearly."
Petri counted out three knuts, which he put into the open beak of a peacock statue above the fireplace.
The beak clicked shut, and the peacock's tail opened up, sending a puff of powder down the grate.
The fire flared bright green.
Harry stepped inside and opened his mouth.
He hadn't anticipated the smoke, however, and just as he said, "Diagon All—" he was seized by a coughing fit.
It was too late.
His world was swallowed up by green fire, and he was spinning round and round, the shapes of rooms and furniture whizzing past too quickly to be registered.
Everything stopped, and Harry kept going, spinning out over a grate and falling painfully to the stone ground.
"A customer!"
a woman yelled rather exuberantly.
Harry looked up from where he was sprawled out on the ground to see a rather ominously clawed hand held out to him.
"He looks a little young," said the owner of the hand from a ways above.
Cautiously, not wanting to be rude, Harry grasped the hand and let himself be hauled to his feet.
In fact, he was literally lifted up, and even lost contact with the ground for a moment before he was set back down.
The man who had picked him up was tall and extremely pale, with sunken eyes, like he hadn't slept in a fortnight.
He gave Harry a tight-lipped smile.
"What is a child like you doing here?"
he asked.
Harry guessed by this question that he was not where he was meant to be, ergo, not in Diagon Alley.
"I'm waiting for my master to come through," he said, which was true.
"Aren't you too young to be apprenticed?"
asked the man.
"Or does he mean another kind of master?"
It was the woman who had first spoken on his arrival.
She proceeded to cackle—there was really no other word for it.
"I'm an enchanter's apprentice," Harry said quickly, trying to put a stop to the grating sound and the unwelcome speculation.
He finally looked over to its source and was completely taken aback.
She had to be the ugliest person he had ever seen in his life, and then some.
She was short, probably his height, and only barely seemed to see over the counter.
The apparent lack of height was perhaps due to the fact that she was extremely hunchbacked.
Her face was wrinkled like crumpled parchment, and seemed to be tinged a little green, and her long protruding nose sported several warts.
A scraggly bush of grey hairs peeked out from underneath her small, black witch's hat, and appeared to cover her eyes completely.
"You and your master have business here?"
asked the man, as if sceptical.
Harry took the moment to tear his eyes away from the hideous woman and look around the dimly-lit shop.
It was obviously a funeral parlour.
There were coffins of all shapes, colours, and sizes lining the walls.
A heavy, black casket was on prominent display in the middle of the room.
A sign next to it explained that it was spelled to play a funeral march whenever moved.
"Well, I'm not sure," said Harry, trying to hedge around the subject of being lost.
There was definitely a threatening air about both shopkeepers.
"He didn't say exactly."
The man looked expectantly at the floo, and Harry did as well, though with a sinking feeling in his chest.
He had bought himself a few minutes, but what was he going to do when Petri failed to appear?
Perhaps he could just leave the store, but then he might well be even more lost.
Luckily, the fireplace flared green in that moment and deposited a man into the shop.
Unluckily, it wasn't Petri.
It was Lucius Malfoy.
Lucius Malfoy took one look at each of the occupants of the store, sneered, and said, "Unhand that boy!"
despite the fact that nobody had a hand on Harry at all.
Nonetheless, the pale man took a step back.
"Come along," Malfoy said to Harry, seized his arm, and practically dragged him out of the shop.
A bell tinkled mournfully behind them as they emerged on a rather run-down, unevenly paved street.
Malfoy let go of him immediately and shook out his hand, as if he'd just been touching something filthy.
"Where are your parents?"
asked Malfoy.
"Dead," said Harry, because he couldn't help it.
Lucius Malfoy had caused him a lot of trouble.
While it was true that maybe if Malfoy hadn't shown up, he would still be an unpaid shopkeeper in Germany and not learning as much magic as he was now, Harry didn't like to spend time on what-ifs.
Malfoy had started the mess that led to Harry almost getting killed.
"Don't be cheeky, boy.
Your guardians?
You realise that you were alone with a vampire and a hag?
Filthy creatures that wouldn't think twice about eating a wizard child?"
Malfoy actually sounded indignant on his behalf, which somewhat mystified Harry.
Still, that neither the hideous woman nor the pale man was human, and might have eaten him, was rather troubling news.
Harry decided that it would be all right to relate most of the truth to Malfoy.
"I got lost in the floo," he said.
"I coughed when I was trying to say 'Diagon Alley.'
Where are we, anyway?"
He looked around for some street sign, but there were only shopfronts in every direction.
The shop they had just exited was rather aptly named "Coffin House."
Right next to it was "ELM and Wizards Undertakers and Embalmers," with the slogan, "Cross Over in Mesmerising Style."
Lucius Malfoy sighed.
"This is Knockturn Alley.
You're lucky you didn't stray too far.
Diagon Alley is at the end that way," he said, pointing with his cane.
"Still, this is no place for a child to wander.
I shall walk you back after I conclude my business here."
Harry thought he would be perfectly capable of walking down the empty street on his own, but Malfoy was rather forceful and Harry doubted his chances in an argument.
He only nodded and followed Malfoy across the alley.
Malfoy did not appear to be trying to kidnap him, at any rate.
That interest seemed reserved for Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived.
Malfoy entered the shop across from the Coffin House.
The sign above the door read, "Borgin and Burke's," which gave little indication of what was sold there.
It looked like a junk shop to Harry, if a somewhat high-end one, as there were assorted apparently unrelated objects placed neatly on shelves and display stands.
Unlike in Petri's shop, nothing looked obviously magical or enchanted, but there seemed to be a threatening aura around some objects.
The atmosphere of the shop was also still and gloomy.
The man behind the counter perked up at the sight of Malfoy, and gave a very fake smile.
"Oh, Mister Malfoy, good to see you.
How do you do?
Is this your son?"
"No," said Malfoy, and the shopkeeper immediately closed his mouth like he had swallowed a lemon.
Harry remembered that he was currently blond, and wasn't sure whether to be amused or disgusted at the mistake.
"Mr. Borgin, care to inform me why your fireplace was blocked?
I was forced to floo across the alley," said Malfoy.
"I'm terribly sorry, sir," said Borgin, not looking particularly sorry at all, "but the Network Authority maintenance crew just came by for a tune-up.
Unfortunate timing, sir."
"Never mind that, then.
I have something for you, as we discussed," Malfoy said, withdrawing a small brown packet from his pocket and putting it on the counter.
Borgin took the package rather gingerly, nodding.
It seemed shady to Harry, or perhaps it was just that everything Malfoy did seemed shady.
Just then, Harry remembered that he could see through things with his new glasses.
Taking a deep breath to prepare for the disorientation, he reached up and tapped the side of the frames surreptitiously.
His vision turned blurry and strange, and he found himself focused on the storage shelves apparently in the back of the shop.
That was too much!
Fortunately, his wish to see less was effective, and layers of wood and stone came back together to form a wall, and then Harry glimpsed for a disgusting moment the literal inside of Borgin's head, and finally he managed to concentrate upon Malfoy's parcel.
Inside it appeared to be a necklace with a big, green jewel.
It looked valuable, but Harry couldn't discern anything else about it.
He tapped his glasses again to put his vision back to normal, disappointed.
Malfoy and Borgin were discussing something in a low voice, but presently Malfoy leaned back, apparently satisfied, and Borgin carried the packet with the necklace into the back of the shop.
"Come along," said Malfoy, and led Harry out of the shop and up the street.
A man was coming toward them, and for a moment Harry did not recognise him, but then they walked closer and he realised it was the disguised Petri.
"That's him!
My, er, uncle," he said, remembering that he had told Malfoy his parents were dead.
"Uncle Jochen," he called.
Petri was already heading straight toward them.
"Heinrich," said Petri, "Thank Merlin I found you."
It wasn't the kind of thing Harry expected out of Petri's mouth at all, but he supposed that was the point.
It would be bad if Lucius Malfoy recognised him.
"I found him in a shop with a vampire and a hag," said Malfoy.
"You'd best keep a better watch of your nephew, Mr…?"
"Peters," said Petri.
Malfoy immediately gained an expression of disdain.
"Thank you, er," "Malfoy.
Lucius Malfoy," said Malfoy rather pompously.
"Thank you Mr. Malfoy," said Petri.
Malfoy gave a stiff nod and then left, without even bidding them good day.
"No doubt he thinks I'm a mudblood," said Petri with a laugh, after Malfoy had moved out of earshot.
They started walking at a leisurely pace.
"He didn't recognise you at all," said Harry.
"Why should he pay a mudblood any mind?"
Petri asked rhetorically.
"Anyway, what did I say about speaking clearly?"
"Sorry," said Harry.
"I couldn't help coughing."
"You'll know for next time," Petri said.
"I suppose your adventure was enough of consequence.
A hag and a vampire, really?"
"I ended up in this shop called the Coffin House," Harry said.
"That one?"
asked Petri, pointing.
Harry noticed finally that they had been walking not out of Knockturn Alley, but deeper into it.
"Yeah," he said.
"I thought we were going to Diagon Alley?"
"That was the only floo address I had.
We're looking for an inn called the White Wyvern," said Petri.
"I believe this is it."
He nodded to the right, and Harry looked past the undertaker's.
There was a tattoo parlour advertising animated tattoos in the window.
A set of stairs led up behind it to the second storey of an unmarked brick building.
A sign with a stylised white dragon hung from a bar at the top of the staircase, and beneath it read, indeed, "The White Wyvern."
They climbed the stairs, and found a rather scarred wooden door.
Petri pushed it open and immediately heat and the smell of grease wafted over them.
The murmur of voices, punctuated by clinking cutlery, enveloped them as they entered.
Petri made for the bar, and Harry followed closely, not eager to be separated again.
"How much for a room?"
Petri asked the innkeeper.
"Depends," was the answer.
To his credit, Petri did not get the cheapest possible room, but only the second least expensive.
It was on the fourth floor and tiny, just big enough for a bed, a wardrobe, and a rickety dressing table with a tall mirror.
The bathroom was similarly cramped, just a cube with a toilet and a grimy-looking shower stall.
It was only thirteen sickles a night.
Petri had said they would be staying for a week.
"I have errands to run," said Petri.
"Stay here, unless you want to be eaten by a hag.
They especially like the taste of children."
With that, Petri left him in the little room.
Harry waited a few minutes before he was bored out of his mind.
He opened the door and looked into the hallway, but of course Petri had no reason to have lingered, and was long gone.
The cackling hag in the shop had been repugnant to look at, but she did not particularly scare him, certainly not enough to stop him from exploring a little.
He wasn't sure how long Petri would be out, and didn't fancy getting a lashing curse, but he though that going downstairs to the pub was well within the bounds of "staying here."
Harry crammed himself into the narrow, incredibly steep stairway and cautiously climbed down toward the noisy pub.
It was crowded and the smell alternated unpredictably between an inviting, meaty aroma and the sour stench of old beer with every step.
Harry looked around to see if there was an empty table where he could sit, but it looked like even an empty seat would be unlikely.
The smell of food reminded him that he was hungry—ravenous really, because he hadn't eaten since last night, as Petri was not an advocate of breakfast.
He didn't have any money on him, however, so he would have to stand the torturous proximity to sustenance that he couldn't touch.
He was a little out of practice, having been out of the Dursleys' care for awhile.
Petri never had anything appetising around anyway, to require this particular skill.
Harry crossed the room and stood indecisively by the entrance.
The pub was full of adults who seemed very engrossed in their business, and wasn't all too interesting.
If he went outside, he would definitely be disobeying Petri, and could be caught.
On the other hand, there were hags inside the White Wyvern, too.
He saw a whole table of the hideous, warty creatures playing cards and snacking on what appeared to be raw meat.
The woman back in the Coffin House received a revised opinion of being relatively good-looking for a hag.
The door opened, almost hitting him, and Harry realised belatedly that he had unconsciously drifted backward and put himself in the way.
"It's you again," said a familiar voice, and Harry looked up to see the man—the vampire—from the Coffin House standing in the door.
"Where's your master?
Well, anyway, tell him that he can't just use our floo to get into the alley.
Customers only."
He waited expectantly for some acknowledgement, and Harry decided that now was the time to dissociate himself Lucius Malfoy as much as possible.
"That man wasn't my master," he said.
"I've never seen him before in my life.
He just grabbed my hand and dragged me outside."
From the point of view of Lucius Malfoy, at least, that story was true.
The vampire stared at him for a few moments, probably trying to decide whether to believe him.
Harry's stomach took the opportunity to growl loudly, and he flushed.
"Well, no one else appeared looking for a wayward apprentice, so I assumed," said the vampire slowly.
"Why don't we get something to eat?"
"We?"
Harry repeated, alarmed.
"Uh, that's all right.
My master is just out on an errand.
I'll just go… somewhere."
"I insist," said the vampire.
"You're awfully young to be left on your own.
Oh, but you don't know who I am.
My name is Silviu."
"I'm Harry," said Harry, without thinking.
It was the third time, he noticed, that the vampire, Silviu, had brought up how young he was.
"Good to meet you, Harry.
You don't mind if we sit up by the counter?"
Silviu asked.
Harry minded very much that the vampire had put a hand on his shoulder and was steering him toward the counter already, but wasn't sure what he could do or say without stirring up a fuss.
Silviu wasn't doing anything really wrong, yet.
"Charles, hello," said Silviu to the innkeeper.
"Silviu, what are you doing out and about during the day?"
asked the innkeeper.
"I just hate waking early so I thought I'd just stay up all day.
I have to fill in for Leticia this afternoon because she has an appointment with some hedge wizard or other for her toothache.
I think she's better off seeing a healer but she doesn't want to show her face in St. Mungo's.
You know how it is," said Silviu very rapidly.
Casually, Silviu picked Harry up like he weighed nothing and set him on one of the tall barstools, and then took a seat beside him.
"Who's this?"
asked Charles, and then he looked closer.
"Oh, it's you.
Room 412, right?"
Harry nodded.
"He's staying here?"
asked Silviu.
Harry glanced at his half-open mouth and confirmed the presence of long, sharp fangs.
"Well of course, why else would he be here?"
answered a somewhat puzzled Charles.
"Alone?"
Silviu pressed.
"Heavens no," said Charles.
"Don't get any designs on my paying customers now."
"I wasn't," said Silviu, suddenly defensive, his clawed hands held up.
"I was just worried.
You know how people like Leticia are.
'Oh I just couldn't resist, it was an accident' and then they're Dementor food."
Charles snorted.
"That's a stretch."
"Not as much as you think.
Anyway, stew for both of us," said Silviu.
Charles nodded.
"No garlic," he added.
"Of course," said Charles.
"Er," Harry began, but he was entirely at a loss for what to say.
Silviu looked at him expectantly.
"Well," Harry tried again, "I don't have any money on me."
"Don't worry about that," said Silviu.
"It's just lunch."
Harry had to admit that stew sounded good right now.
That is, if it was what he thought it was, and not some codeword for something else.
Didn't vampires exclusively drink blood?
"So Harry, what brings you to Knockturn Alley?"
Silviu asked.
Harry had no idea what to say.
It wasn't as if he could confess now that he had misspoken in the floo.
He wasn't sure what Petri wanted to do here either.
"I don't know.
My master has some business, I guess.
We just moved here," he said.
It was more or less the truth.
"Moved from where?"
asked Silviu.
"Germany," said Harry.
"Ah, Germany, wonderful place.
I have cousins there, in the Black Forest," said Silviu.
"Oh," Harry said rather faintly.
Of course there would be vampires in the Black Forest.
Suddenly, he was much more grateful for the ward circle that Petri had meticulously set up outside their tent.
Silviu seemed to catch on that he was making Harry uncomfortable, because he started to talk about himself instead.
"I'm from Transylvania myself," he said.
"Moved to Britain about a decade ago."
Harry was reminded of what Petri had said this morning, that people had been fleeing Britain a decade ago to get away from the Dark Lord, except this was the opposite.
"Why?"
Harry asked, interested despite himself.
"Regulations in Transylvania were getting tighter.
The Ministry seizing our wands.
I left just in time," Silviu said, the last coming out a little darkly.
Harry blinked in some confusion.
If he recalled correctly, and he wasn't sure, because this law seemed to be flaunted at every turn, non-humans were not allowed to have wands anywhere in Europe, and vampires were non-human.
Silviu caught his expression and said, a little conspiratorially, "You tell them you're half human here and they can't tell the difference."
Harry laughed along, a little uneasily.
Their stew arrived, and Harry was relieved to see that it was a regular beef stew.
It looked like beef, at any rate.
Silviu slid a few sickles across the counter.
"Keep the change," he said.
Harry watched the vampire eat several bites of stew before he dug into his own.
It was good, if a little salty, and he relished the warmth settling in his stomach.
He was just finished with his stew when he spotted Petri entering the pub.
The man walked up to the counter and was about to pass him by without noticing.
Harry realised that if he went upstairs and found Harry gone he might be angrier, so he called out to him.
"Er, Master, er, Jochen.
Master Jochen!"
Fortunately, Petri responded to the false name and turned around.
"So this is the fabled master?"
asked Silviu.
Harry thought he sounded a little too surprised.
The vampire had probably thought that Harry had been lying the whole time about having supervision.
Petri's eyes darted from Harry to the vampire.
"And you are?"
he asked.
"Silviu, co-owner of the Coffin House," said Silviu.
Fortunately, it seemed that Petri was able to connect the dots from there.
"My name is Jochen," said Petri.
"Pleased to meet you.
Thank you for looking after my apprentice this morning.
He misspoke the floo address."
Harry felt himself flush as Silviu glanced briefly at him.
"I thought it might have been something like that," said Silviu.
"Well, no harm done."
"Luckily," said Petri.
"Oh, I forgot to leave him with spending money.
Here, how much was the food?"
Harry was sure he had forgotten nothing of the sort.
"A trifle," said Silviu.
"We had a good conversation."
"I insist," said Petri.
"I as well.
Why don't you bring him around the shop tonight for tea?"
asked Silviu.
A most random invitation.
"And impose more?
I couldn't," said Petri.
"No imposition," said Silviu.
"I like to make the acquaintance of everybody in the alley.
You're moving here, yes, or am I mistaken?"
Petri narrowed his eyes shrewdly, and some unspoken understanding seemed to pass between him and the vampire.
"That is the hope," he said.
"I'm looking for a flat.
Preferably unspelled, unfurnished."
"I may know someone," said Silviu.
"Come at eleven, tonight.
My shop, with your young apprentice too.
It's just next door."
"I shall," Petri agreed.
"What time is it now?"
Silviu asked, not speaking to anybody particular.
Harry noticed that he was now holding a dark red wand, confirming that he was in fact in violation of the wand carrying law.
"Almost one," he said, answering his own question.
The time-telling access spell, then.
"That's it for my lunch break.
I will see you both later."
With that, Silviu waved Charles the innkeeper over, bid him adieu, and left the premises, casting some spell over himself just before he stepped out the door.
Petri ushered Harry up the narrow stairs.
"One encounter with a vampire was not enough, I see," said Petri.
He slashed his wand and Harry knew better than to dodge the violet curse.
He grit his teeth as the skin on his back felt like it was being split apart repeatedly, and leaned against the door to stay standing.
Petri lifted the curse quickly enough, clearly impatient to give him a tongue lashing in addition.
"Vampires are not to be trifled with," he said.
"Grown wizards are often hard-pressed to fight one off.
Let's not start on a vampire with a wand.
He'll have a spell to counter every one of his weaknesses."
"I'm not fighting him," Harry protested when Petri stopped to take a breath.
"You're lucky he had no desire to eat you.
If he had, he could be halfway across the continent before the aurors heard about it," Petri said.
"He's lived here for a decade," Harry argued.
"Why would he want to lose that?"
Petri sighed.
"I see you have become friends already," he said.
"This… Silviu does seem uncommonly civilised.
That raises the question of how he eats."
Harry supposed that that question had been troubling him earlier as well.
"You could fight him off if you had to, couldn't you?"
he asked.
Petri snorted.
"Likely not without resorting to obvious dark magic.
I would prefer not to."
"Me too," said Harry.
"He seems nice," he added, perhaps just to be contrary.
"Many people seem nice," said Petri.
Harry bit back a rejoinder about how Petri didn't even manage that.
Then he remembered Mrs. Figg, and how convinced she had been that he was a good person, or something like that.
She was going to get her kneazle back, and she would never know what horrible thing Petri had done to it.
She must already have it back, Harry supposed.
That delivery has probably been one of Petri's errands.
As much as he loathed to admit that Petri was right, Harry knew he shouldn't be too quick to trust Silviu, in case the vampire turned out to be horrible after all.
But if Petri was right too about how hard it was to fend off vampires, then what was the point?
Harry wouldn't be able to do anything about it anyway.
A/N: I'm interested in Knockturn, since even though it seems dark and menacing to Harry in the books it can't actually be obviously illegal stuff or the DMLE would be all over it.
Yes, the Ministry is pretty incompetent in canon, and I've tried to preserve that (look at that conveniently insecure portkey customs and total lack of immigration controls), but it can't be completely useless.
And Hagrid goes to Knockturn for legitimate reasons.
Also the only store we ever see is Borgin and Burke's, which is actually just an antique shop, hardly evil.
I'm using other shop names from the Wizarding World of Harry Potter.
There isn't much canon material on vampires, but what there is suggests that they can coexist reasonably well with wizards (Sanguini and Worple, that part-vampire celebrity singer Lorcan d'Eath).
On the other hand they are still a dark creature and feared by many (Quirrell's supposed traumatisation at the hands of Black Forest vampires being believable, Lockhart's Voyages with Vampires, Rita Skeeter calling for their extermination).
I will run with Bram Stoker on everything else, though probably watered down because Dracula was kind of OP.
As for hags, Harry saw one at the Leaky Cauldron once so it must be possible for them to upstanding citizens... even though they eat human flesh, especially children.
I'm still working on that on.
arry and Petri arrived at the Coffin House at eleven in the evening, just as agreed.
Harry was rather exhausted from the long day's activities, but trepidation and excitement kept him awake and alert.
Petri pushed open the door and the bell sounded a single heavy note, and then another at length, not unlike a funeral toll.
"Charming," Petri murmured under his breath as he held the door open for Harry.
"Welcome!"
said Silviu cheerfully from behind the counter.
The hag was nowhere in sight.
Now that it was night time, Silviu seemed far livelier and less sleep-deprived than before, though Harry would wager that the vampire hadn't slept during the day at all.
The shop was more brightly lit at night than during the day; torches burning a steady cobalt flame were screwed into the wall every few feet, lending the shop a subtly wavering, ethereal ambiance.
The placards in front of each coffin glowed softly, presumably to aid legibility, and here and there some coffins were more brightly lit than others, almost as if under spotlights.
Silviu waved his illegal wand and the coffin-shaped sign bearing a twinkling "OPEN" in the window shuddered, its letters losing their shape and slithering about until they said "CLOSED" instead.
"I think I'll call it an early night after this," said Silviu, "to catch up on sleep.
Nothing better than a good tea party before bed.
Make yourselves comfortable."
He flicked his wand at the casket displayed in the middle of the room and turned it onto its side.
Several pillows sprang out of it arranged themselves on the floor, before the lid fell shut.
Then he furrowed his brows and conjured a black shroud to lay over the casket.
It was a funeral pall, but clearly meant to serve as a tablecloth in this instance.
Harry noticed that Petri was looking at Silviu with a somewhat pinched expression.
Silviu smiled, showing his fangs.
"One of my favourite tricks," he said.
Harry was sure he was missing some kind of subtext.
"Very impressive," said Petri, and took a seat on one of the cushions.
Harry sat down as well.
"I'll fetch the tea," said Silviu, and disappeared into the back of the shop.
Harry was reminded of the visit to Mrs. Figg.
Petri, he was sure, would have just used a summoning charm.
He used magic for everything, even to retrieve objects that were in plain sight or to stir sugar into his tea.
Mrs. Figg, being apparently a squib, did things largely the muggle way.
Perhaps Silviu was also unaccustomed to resorting to magic.
Harry inspected the conjured tablecloth.
It was very solidly woven.
Silviu had taken out his wand and used it immediately when they entered.
Petri had called it impressive.
Harry guessed, very uncertainly, that it was some kind of show of force.
Silviu returned with a dragon-patterned white china tea set and a jar of loose tea leaves.
He opened the teapot and shook some leaves inside.
"If you could take care of the water, please," he said to Petri, who obligingly raised his wand.
"Aguamenti," Petri said softly, moving his wand in a small, sideways S, and a stream of pure water arced from the tip and into the pot.
"Relashio" he said, dipping his wand into the water and giving a small jab.
The pot shuddered, and a puff of steam rose up from the now-boiling water.
"Interesting choice," Silviu remarked.
He set his red wand down on the makeshift table, and Petri mirrored him.
"I prefer it to the warming charm for boiling water," said Petri.
"It's much faster, as you can see."
"You're a charms master?"
asked Silviu.
"Yes, an enchanter," said Petri.
"Very impressive," said Silviu, echoing Petri's earlier statement.
"But your apprentice is so young.
Surely he isn't already well-studied enough to enchant?"
Harry glanced at his knees, feeling himself flush as he remembered his failure with the floating apple.
Silviu caught his movement, apparently, because he said, "Not to slight you at all, young Harry, but I am concerned, you understand."
"He is very capable," said Petri, who had turned to look at Harry at the mention of his name.
Harry remembered now that he had told Silviu his actual name.
Technically, he told himself, Heinrich was just German for Henry, and Harry was a nickname for Henry, so it wasn't obviously wrong.
"I am of the mind that enchanting theory is best learned at a young age," Petri was saying.
"Oh?"
said Silviu.
He picked up the teapot and poured them each a steaming cup.
Harry picked his up cautiously and found that it was cool to the touch.
He blew gently and sipped, but it was still too scalding to taste, so he set it down quickly.
"I don't know how much you know about the schooling at Durmstrang, or Hogwarts," Petri began.
He added a sugar cube to his tea and, lacking a wand, picked it up and swirled it.
"Not much, I confess," said Silviu.
"I learned from my family and from books."
"The focus is on equipping students with strong spellcasting foundations, not necessarily to teach them particular spells that might be useful.
Enchantment, however, is always done with a goal in mind, some use," said Petri.
"I see," said Silviu.
"So a mind for enchantment is a mind for useful spells.
But if I may, how did Harry come into your care?"
"Why do you ask?"
asked Petri.
"I ask because it is frankly unsafe for a child in Knockturn Alley," said Silviu.
"If you wish to live here, he cannot stay.
Perhaps he could return home and see you only for lessons."
"I'm afraid I am his only guardian," said Petri.
"I see," said Silviu.
"Then perhaps you would consider renting nearby, in Carkitt Market or Horizont, or even in a village somewhere.
You can always floo in."
"I can protect my apprentice adequately," said Petri.
"That may be true," said Silviu, "But it is not me that you would have to convince of it.
It is one thing to stay a few nights at the White Wyvern, and another to live here indefinitely.
The landlords I know of will simply not accept the risk."
"The risk?"
Petri asked.
Silviu laughed mirthlessly.
"If a dark creature seriously injures or kills someone on your property, did you know that you can get up to a hundred galleon fine and six months in Azkaban for not meeting minimum ward standards?"
Silviu asked.
"Nobody in Knockturn Alley meets minimum ward standards.
Hags own half the street and everyone else would go out of business.
All hags think they can control themselves but they can't.
It's their instinct and there isn't a good enough suppression potion to stop it forever."
He hissed, as if trying to expunge every last bit of air from his lungs.
Harry stared at the obviously agitated vampire, but looked down quickly as Silviu's dark eyes locked on to his momentarily.
"Are hags the only worry?"
Petri asked, after waiting a beat.
Silviu narrowed his eyes, picked up his cup and saucer, and sipped it delicately.
"I've never seen an erkling around here," said Silviu.
It sounded like a joke, but the meaning escaped Harry.
Petri snorted.
More seriously, Silviu added, "My friends and I do not make a habit of attacking witches and wizards, if you're worried about us."
"I wasn't," said Petri easily, though Harry thought it must be a lie.
Silviu looked sceptical but did not comment further.
Instead, he said, "Regardless, I am simply advising you that you won't find a place that accepts young children, even if he's learned spells to ward off hags.
There have been too many cases of missing children already."
"You've allowed Harry in your shop," said Petri.
Silviu closed his eyes in obvious annoyance.
Harry was unsure what Petri was playing at, being so deliberately obstinate to the vampire.
"What was I going to do, throw him onto the street?
At least I was there," said Silviu.
"If you aren't aware, my business partner is a hag."
"This is a realty office, if I'm not mistaken," said Petri.
Harry blinked, nonplussed, but Silviu did not look confused, only suspicious.
"Not your kind of realty," he said immediately.
"I am interested," Petri insisted.
"That wouldn't be strictly legal," said Silviu.
Petri looked meaningfully down at Silviu's wand, and the vampire closed his eyes and inclined his head.
"Fine.
Come again tomorrow night.
I'll have some places for you to look at."
"I shall," said Petri with a tight-lipped smile.
Seeing that the talk was nearly over, Harry took the opportunity to gulp down the rest of his no longer scalding tea.
Petri's cup was still nearly untouched.
"Any particular time?"
"At your leisure," said Silviu.
"We'll be open all night."
He smiled back sardonically, showing his teeth.
There were some last pleasantries, though they teetered on the edge of unpleasant, and then the bells tolled behind them as they stepped onto the dark street.
The light from the Coffin House dimmed and then went out, leaving them with only faint starlight as a guide.
The complete lack of any streetlights disturbed Harry.
He hadn't noticed it as much on the short walk there, as some shops had still been open, their windows casting orange rectangles of light onto the uneven alley stones, but these had all closed in the meantime.
Harry guessed that it was almost midnight.
He had been bursting with questions as they exited the shop, but now trepidation kept him silent.
The chilly gloom was oppressive.
He couldn't tell if Petri was angry or pleased, and the man walked silently and briskly without looking at Harry at all.
The White Wyvern, too, was more subdued than it had been earlier.
The bar was still full of patrons, but they sat sipping their drinks alone, or conversed in low voices and with their heads close together.
Harry, having grown more used to Silviu, thought he saw another vampire on the stool at the very end.
A very dour-looking woman stood behind the bar, polishing a glass, while Charles the innkeeper was nowhere to be seen.
Petri ushered Harry up the steps.
Strange, almost alarming sounds permeated the hall.
Harry thought he heard heavy breathing.
Was somebody having a nightmare?
They went into their room and shut the door, but the uncomfortable sounds seemed to get louder, as dimmer, background noises were cut out.
Petri had acquired a very pinched expression.
He pulled out his wand and drew it in a circle around him.
"Silencio," he said.
The sound cut off.
He sighed and put his wand away.
Harry made a mental note of the spell.
It seemed useful.
"Clever creature, this vampire," said Petri, sitting down on the bed and rolling his shoulders back, "making noise about hags as if they were a threat to more than mudbloods."
He reached into his robe pocket and took out a quill and a short roll of parchment.
"Aren't they?"
Harry had to ask.
Silviu had suggested that they couldn't control their child-eating habits, which Harry thought was pretty alarming.
"I mean, I don't know how to ward them off."
"Their magic is weak," said Petri.
"They're hard to kill, but only that.
They're slow.
A hag grabs you, you say you'll call the aurors.
If that doesn't work, you cast the severing charm on their head."
Harry felt a little horrified at that advice.
"I thought it didn't work on people," he protested.
"On people," Petri agreed, making it very clear what he thought about Harry mistaking hags for people.
"As I said, they're hard to kill.
They won't die."
Harry was only a little bit relieved to hear it, his traitorous mind still conjuring up images of the hag at the Coffin House and how it might look like for her wrinkled head to separate from her body.
He shuddered.
"Still," said Harry.
"What if I lost my wand?
Or what if it didn't work?
My severing charm isn't that good yet."
"Are you a mudblood?"
asked Petri with some exasperation, finally turning to look at him.
Harry shook his head, rather thrown.
"No?
Then your magic will respond when you are in danger.
Do not worry," said Petri with finality, going back to his parchment.
Harry was unconvinced, but knew by now when to hold his tongue.
He might not be a mudblood, but that didn't mean he knew how to control magic without a wand.
Back when he had been living at Number Four, Privet Drive, his magic had much more often got him into deeper trouble than he'd already been in, what with incidents like turning his teacher's hair blue because he was embarrassed or flying up onto the school roof while running from Dudley.
Changing a hag's hair colour wasn't going to do anybody any favours.
Not wanting to dwell on the matter, he peered into the tiny lavatory to see what he could do about preparing for bed.
"Is my toothbrush here?"
he asked.
"Rosenkol," said Petri, not even raising his voice.
Rosenkol appeared immediately anyway with a faint pop, suggesting that he had already been nearby.
"Get our toiletries."
As Rosenkol snapped his fingers, Harry noticed Petri's trunk at the foot of the bed, half hidden behind the hem of the man's robes.
There wasn't a toilet in the trunk, as far as he had seen—perhaps that was the only thing preventing it from being a proper dwelling.
That, and the lack of beds.
Harry wondered why Petri didn't just make these additions.
Clearly, since the expanded tent had its own toilet, such things were possible.
Petri didn't look like he was about to use the sink, as he seemed to be lost in thought with a quill poised over his parchment, so Harry took the opportunity to clean up first.
As he brushed his teeth, he considered the cryptic meeting with Silviu.
Spitting into the basin, he asked, "So Silviu sells houses too?"
"He sells coffins," said Petri.
Harry had the feeling that he was being deliberately obtuse.
"Yeah, but what's that got to do with… we're not living in a coffin, are we?"
Harry demanded.
He remembered that the shop was called the Coffin House, which wasn't promising, given the current context.
Petri didn't answer him.
Frustrated and rather concerned as he was, Harry could see that further questioning would get him nowhere, and resolved to try tomorrow.
In the morning, Petri literally levitated a groggy Harry out of the bed and charmed his robes on.
"Come along," he said, already one foot out the door.
Harry scrambled to follow.
"Where are we going?"
he asked.
He wasn't sure he wanted to know what time it was.
The room was tinged with the pale blue of daybreak, and the corridor was still dark.
"The bank," said Petri.
Harry woke up enough to notice that Petri had his trunk in hand, and inferred that they were going to make a deposit.
Where the galleons Petri had earned from his enchanting shop and his other business were kept, Harry had little idea, but he guessed that at least part of Petri's fortune was stashed inside the trunk.
He wondered if there had been any in a German bank that had been confiscated.
Likely not, given that he hadn't seen Petri going mad with fury.
Harry couldn't imagine that the man would have kept quiet if something like that had happened.
The bar was almost empty, though Charles was there.
He waved as they exited, and Petri gave him a curt nod.
Harry waved back.
The sun was still in the process of coming up over the horizon, only a few stray beams managing to clear the rooftops and penetrate the gloom of the alley.
Most of the shops were closed, though Borgin and Burkes, the strange shop that Lucius Malfoy had dragged Harry into, looked to be open already, if the moving silhouettes in the window were any indication.
A shabby woman pushed a large, sodden mop along the street, apparently to clean it.
The mop gave off a horrible, acrid smell, and Harry had to hold his breath as they passed.
Further up the alley, there was a hag peddling what disturbingly appeared to be sets of whole human nails.
She leered at Harry, but shrunk back when Petri turned to glare at her, and they turned onto Diagon Alley without incident.
It was brighter here, with only a relatively low brick archway standing in the way of the sun's rays.
They walked away from the arch, toward an imposing, blindingly white building which faced the street obliquely.
Petri led them confidently up a set of marble steps.
Harry could not help staring a little at the creature standing beside the shiny bronze doors.
He was slightly shorter than Harry, dressed in a scarlet uniform with gold trimmings, and had pointed ears and a pointed face accentuated by a sharp goatee.
As they passed, the creature bowed to them, and Petri had to put a hand on Harry's shoulder to hurry him along.
Inside there was another set of doors, silver this time, flanked by another pair of the creatures.
There was some kind of poem engraved there, but Petri pushed the doors open too quickly for Harry to read it.
They entered an enormous, glittering hall.
Dark wooden paneling covered in gilded designs contrasted against the bright white floor, and tall pillars of black stone reached up to support the vaulted glass ceiling, through which the morning sunlight scattered brilliantly across the hall.
The scarlet-clad creatures were everywhere—staffing the counters, manning the doors, and scurrying across the hall now and then with purpose.
It was clear now why Petri had elected to come so early.
Even though it was just past dawn, there was already a formidable queue of wizards down the centre of the hall.
"Goblins take pleasure in making wizards wait," said Petri as they arrived at the end of the queue.
Harry found that remark rather unfair, given that the queue was actually moving at almost a regular walking pace.
More wizards and witches were already coming in behind them as they started to advance.
"Why's it so busy?"
Harry asked.
"People come when they need money to buy things," said Petri.
"It's foolish to carry around more than you need."
"What about chequebooks?"
asked Harry.
"What?"
asked Petri, looking flummoxed.
"Nevermind," said Harry.
Did wizards not use cheques?
Customers of Petri's shop had always paid in galleons, sickles, and knuts, and Harry hadn't thought anything of it at the time, but it was a bit odd that even large transactions were done in physical gold.
Despite Petri's complaints, they made it to the front of the queue in just a few minutes.
Petri walked up to a free goblin and said, "Good morning.
I need a vault transfer from Berlin."
"Your name, sir?"
said the goblin, who peered at them with narrowed eyes through a pair of round golden spectacles, not unlike the ones Harry was wearing now.
"Joachim Petri," said Petri, and Harry could not help starting.
He glanced back and forth between Petri and the goblin, but neither appeared fazed.
"Key please," said the goblin.
Petri reached into an inner pocket and produced a minuscule golden key, the size of his fingertip, and passed it to the goblin.
The goblin inspected the key.
Then he ran a long, thin finger across a roll of parchment, and opened it up, pressing the key against the top of the sheet.
"Vault contents purely monetary.
Is that correct?"
he asked, after a pause.
"Yes," said Petri.
"An immediate transfer is possible, for a half-percent fee, or you may wait five to ten days for a reduced fee of a quarter-percent," said the goblin.
"Immediate transfer," said Petri, surprising Harry, as he had expected the wizard to balk at the fee.
"I'd like to make a withdrawal and an item deposit."
"In order, sir.
Would you like to retain the Berlin vault, or close it?"
asked the goblin.
"Close it, please," said Petri.
The goblin nodded and made some notes on the parchment with a quill plucked from a jar at the edge of the counter.
"At this time we can offer you a security upgrade for an additional sickle per month," said the goblin.
"No thank you," said Petri evenly.
The goblin nodded curtly, and made no further offers.
At length, he rolled up the sheet of parchment and sealed it with a dab of scarlet wax from a long stick.
Then he pressed one of his many rings into the wax.
He handed the sealed scroll and the golden key to Petri.
"Vault five hundred seventy-two," said the goblin.
He glanced around, eyes landing on a particularly tall goblin, about Harry's height, passing by.
"Snipseed!"
he called, and the tall goblin turned.
The counter goblin said something in a guttural, snarling language to Snipseed and waved his hands, clearly indicating that they should follow the other goblin.
"Right this way," said Snipseed, holding open one of the side doors.
It was like stepping into an entirely different world, a cavern of dark stone lit by bare torches.
Snipseed ushered them into what appeared to be a mine cart and then clambered in himself.
They shot off without warning at high speed.
Harry slammed painfully into Petri's trunk with a startled shout, and then found himself thrown against the side of the cart as they turned a sharp corner.
He held onto the metal handrail beside him for dear life.
Then they dropped, straight down, and Harry whooped as his hair was swept back from his face.
The cart didn't slow down at all as it leveled off, but somehow it was navigating actively.
They barreled down the left path of a fork and then swung upside down for the briefest moment, hardly enough to even unseat them but still terrifying.
Then they went down a dozen more branching paths, and Harry gave up trying to remember the way and closed his eyes to enjoy the wind whipping through his hair.
All too soon, the ride ended, and they disembarked somewhat stiffly.
Petri's curly hair was sticking up every which way, and his pinched expression made him look like a scarecrow.
He handed Snipseed his key, and the goblin went ahead to open up the iron door.
He inserted the tiny key into a disproportionately huge lock and spun it around several times, like a screwdriver.
The lock clicked and began to rotate magically, and the door split open.
The vault was about two metres wide and deep, and completely empty.
Harry wasn't sure what he had expected—the magical appearance of money, perhaps?
He felt a little silly.
The vault had just been opened, so of course there was nothing inside.
Petri stepped inside, set down his trunk, and gestured for Snipseed to join him.
Harry hung back and watched from outside.
The goblin took the scroll, pried open the seal without breaking it, and unrolled the parchment against the wall, where it stuck.
The wax seal seemed to melt into the stone, leaving a reddish engraving.
Snipseed took a red pouch from his waist and opened it before turning it upside down.
Golden galleons poured out, clattering against the ground, and quickly began forming a pile.
He held the pouch out effortlessly, wearing a bored expression.
Harry watched in awe as the pile grew until it was almost taller than the goblin.
Then the fountain of gold ended, and Snipseed gave the pouch a few last shakes.
A small shower of sickles and knuts fell out and rolled down the hill of galleons.
Snipseed ran his long-fingered hands over the gold, almost caressing it, and it organised itself into neat stacks instead of the haphazard mound it had been before.
The sickles and knuts were ejected from the pile and formed their own short stack.
"There you are, sir," said Snipseed, and stepped out of the vault with a short bow.
"Thank you," said Petri.
He stepped inside and took half a stack of galleons and all the sickles and knuts, simply transferring the money to his pockets.
Then he tipped his trunk over, opened it up to its expanded setting, and began to climb inside.
He shot Harry a significant look, as if to tell him to keep watch, in case the goblin did anything unsavoury.
Harry kept his eyes on the trunk at first, but after several minutes passed and Petri still had not reemerged, he looked away, bored.
"Er, excuse me, do you have cheques?"
he asked Snipseed, remembering his curiosity, but feeling a little foolish even as he asked.
"No sir, no cheques," said Snipseed, grinning toothily.
Unlike Petri, he was clearly aware of the concept.
"We'd be up to our necks in forgeries if we did."
Harry thought about the potential of transfiguration combined with a flimsy piece of paper, and had to acknowledge the point.
"How do you stop galleons from being forged?"
Harry asked, curious.
"They're gold inside," said Snipseed, as if that explained everything.
"Want to give it a try?"
He pulled a galleon out of a pouch and tossed it upwards before snatching it out of the air rather threateningly.
Harry shook his head quickly.
"Er, no thanks," he said, making a note to ask Petri about the significance of gold in this context.
Snipseed chuckled, a little unkindly, Harry thought.
There was an awkward pause, during which Harry stared at the trunk again to avoid looking at the goblin.
There was still no sign of Petri.
Then Snipseed asked, "Are you interested in accounting?"
"Er, not really," said Harry.
"Really?
But you know about cheques," said Snipseed with some incredulity.
He smiled slyly.
"Say, do you know how to account a ledger?"
"Er, not exactly, no," said Harry.
He remembered having done some kind of exercise sheets involving money in maths, but that was the extent of his experience.
"Do you know sums?"
Snipseed pressed.
"Well of course," said Harry, a little offended.
"Of course," Snipseed repeated rather sardonically, almost to himself.
"Well, I have," he began, but trailed off suddenly, glancing to the side.
Harry followed his gaze to where Petri was hauling himself out of the trunk, a wooden chest tucked awkwardly under one arm.
He deposited the chest in an empty spot and turned to shut and lock the trunk.
"Have what?"
Harry asked, glancing back at Snipseed, but the goblin ignored him rather rudely.
Harry supposed he didn't want to talk about whatever it was in front of Petri, which was a bit suspicious.
The ride back to the surface was less exhilarating than the ride down, as they spent much of it going against gravity and feeling like they were about to tip right out of their seats.
"What was that box that you put in the vault?"
Harry asked as they left the bank.
It was properly morning now, and Diagon Alley was full of activity.
"Documents.
Nothing that concerns you," said Petri unhelpfully.
They turned onto the far emptier Knockturn quickly enough, and this time the hag with the fingernails did not approach them.
Back in the inn, Petri set down his trunk in the narrow space between the bed and the wall, toward the back of the room where it wasn't easily seen from any oblique angle, and opened it up.
"I need to buy some things from the market.
Stay here and practise your series exercises.
The severing charm, especially," said Petri, and Harry grimaced at the recurring thought of severing charms and hags.
"Can't I come with you?"
he asked, not fancying being cooped up in the tiny room, or the dull antechamber of the trunk.
Petri shook his head and brandished his wand somewhat threateningly in Harry's direction.
"When you can cast an enchantment properly, then you can skip exercises.
If you must take a break, I suggest you continue reading Gesang und Rhythmus.
It will help."
Harry flushed at the reminder that he could not yet produce a steadily floating apple, and nodded reluctantly.
Petri spelled the door open rather unnecessarily and departed, using magic again to close it behind him.
With nothing in particular to practise his charm on, Harry contemplated the minimally furnished room for a minute before deciding that he could use one of his socks.
Slipping out of his ratty trainers, he removed his sock and set it on the floor.
Cutting the sock and repairing it was actually rather easy, and Harry couldn't tell if he was improving.
On a whim, he tried to put a hovering enchantment on his sock, but it refused to even remain levitating for a second, falling to the floor the instant his wand motion trailed out of the levitation charm's ending flick.
Harry concluded that there was something about apples that lent them better to enchantment, since the other option was that his magical talents had regressed abysmally in the span of a few days.
Harry was down in the trunk and halfway across the antechamber when he remembered that the library was past the blood door.
Then he remembered that Rosenkol had apparated straight through whatever ward was on the trunk before.
"Rosenkol," he called out.
Rosenkol appeared without a sound, and Harry jumped.
Had the elf been there all along?
"Wizardling Harry is wanting to go to the library?"
Rosenkol asked, preempting Harry's request.
"Er, yes, please," said Harry.
The elf snapped, and a short bout of compression later, they appeared in the pentagonal room.
Rosenkol disappeared again before Harry could say anything else, or even thank him.
Harry remembered as he glanced at the shelves that he had no idea where Gesang und Rhythmus actually was, or who had authored it.
He sighed and began looking down the nearest row of books, before quickly concluding that it would be impractical to search by brute force.
He was a wizard, and there was definitely some magical way to find the book.
The summoning charm, perhaps?
He thought it might be right, but did not know the incantation, or any proper wand movements, since Petri always cast it nonverbally and with very little apparent effort, probably because he used it every day of his adult life.
The Complete Compendium would have it, though, and Harry spotted the gigantic volume easily towards the end of one of the shelves.
It was after Z, which was logical, as it had been compiled and was maintained by a long list of witches and wizards rather than a single author.
Only the English copy was in the library.
Harry guessed that the German one was upstairs in the workroom as a reference.
This suited him just fine, and he tapped the blank first leaf with his wand and said, "Summoning Charm."
The pages flipped on their own until the book was open to the right section.
"Accio," Harry said, following the pronunciation guide.
The entry said that the spell was either twirl-durative or arc-perfective, depending on whether it was a summoning for an object by line of sight or by name.
"Accio Gesang und Rhythmus," he said, moving his wand in an small arc as shown in the diagram.
The movement felt awkward.
Nothing happened.
He tried a few more times, trying to focus on what he remembered the book looked like, but he had no idea whether the copy in this library was the same as the one he had read in the tent.
Then he saw one of the shelves shake slightly, and hurried over to it to investigate.
Up on the second shelf, just above Harry's head, was a protruding spine.
He craned his neck to see the title and was pleased to find the target of his spell.
So his summoning charm needed serious work, but it had done its job.
He reached up to take the book, but then paused.
"Adalbert Waffling," it said beside the title, and Harry saw the name repeated over half the shelf.
Adalbert Waffling had apparently written a great many books.
More importantly, most of the titles were in English, suggesting that he had only been reading a translation.
He quickly glanced across the collection to see if he could find an English copy of the book.
There was Magical Theory, at least six different editions of it scattered about, Principles of Magic and what was probably the same thing but in Latin, Irony is Behovely, and next to that Chant and Cadence.
Harry grabbed the last from the shelf, fairly certain that this was the right book.
Harry was quickly disappointed to find that, though in English he knew most of the words for a change, the book was still mostly incomprehensible.
He did finally understand that "chant" or "Gesang" was a general category including normal incantations, and "cadence" or "Rhythmus" referred to wand movements, something which cleared up previous confusion regarding Petri's explanations.
He could also see that the book was supposed to explain how incantations and wand movements worked, but the complicated magical diagrams and the discussion about "memetic stabilisation" did not do much to enlighten him.
Harry became briefly aware that he had read the same sentence three times without comprehending a word of it, before an attempt to give up and move to the next phrase resulted in him slumping over the book, fast asleep.
He awoke to a grinding sound, and spent a moment completely bewildered.
Then he tried to straighten up to look around and was rewarded with a sharp pain lancing through his stiff neck.
Rubbing his nape gingerly, he turned his head to see the platform descending from above, carrying Petri.
Harry quickly smoothed out the slightly crumpled page he had fallen asleep on and pretended to have been reading.
Petri was not fooled, and only smirked.
He twirled his wand and summoned the book right out of Harry's grasp, glanced it at briefly, and then banished it back to its place on the shelf.
"If you are tired, I recommend sleeping on the bed," he said.
"We will be visiting the vampire again later tonight."
"Are we really going to be living in a coffin?"
Harry asked, having received no satisfactory answer the last time.
They were really going to be living in a coffin.
Silviu's selection of coffins for living in, as opposed to being dead in, was in the back of the shop.
Each coffin essentially served as a trap door, with stairs down into a small rectangular room three meters deep and about four wide.
"Only vampires are legally allowed to live in these," Silviu told them as Petri examined the interior of a mahogany coffin with a floating yellow tape measure that Harry assumed he had acquired on his trip to the market earlier that day.
What exactly he was measuring was unclear, as the tape measure contorted itself into a variety of shapes while Petri nodded and muttered to himself.
"Why?"
Harry asked.
"It's a portable permanent dwelling," said Silviu.
"Vampire coffins are one of the only exceptions to the law against them.
And even then you still need an official address."
Harry nodded as if he understood.
This law explained why most wizards did not live in tents or trunks, but it still did not explain why Petri, who only seemed to care about obeying the law when it suited his purposes, did not just live in his trunk.
In fact, Harry did not see the difference between this expanded coffin and the trunk.
If anything, the trunk was better.
"I like this model," said Petri, tapping a light, unvarnished rectangular casket which, according to its informational sign, was pine, just like his false wand.
"There's only one of those available.
Plot D-12," said Silviu, consulting a scroll of parchment.
"Shall we go look at the property?"
"Yes, let's," Petri agreed.
"There's a floo address, but if you don't mind, it would be better for us to walk there," said Silviu.
Petri nodded and gestured for him to lead the way.
"As I understand it, you've just moved to England, yes?"
asked Silviu as they exited the Coffin House.
Petri nodded.
"You still have ten or so days to register yourself," said Silviu.
"I can't let you sign the lease if you don't.
Will you be able to do it?"
"Of course.
Half vampire, from the Black Forest," said Petri.
Silviu snorted, turning to look him up and down as they walked.
"Well, it could work, if you bled yourself beforehand."
"I will keep that in mind," said Petri.
Harry couldn't tell if either of them was serious.
They walked deeper into the alley, far past the White Wyvern.
The closely clustered shops gave way to taller buildings with more space around them.
Any exposed land was covered by a single kind of sprawling, bright green plant which threatened to spread all over the uneven cobblestone road from where it burst out of the cracks.
Silviu stopped before a wrought iron gate at the head of a long stretch of brick wall.
It was chained shut.
He tapped his wand against the chains and they slithered apart, allowing him to push open the gate.
"There's also a password, if you prefer," he said.
"It changes every fortnight but right now it's Edgar Stroulger."
"The sneakoscope inventor?"
asked Petri.
"It might be," asked Silviu.
"Well, he's buried here.
We rotate through everyone's names in alphabetical order."
The wild growth of the strange plant stopped at the edge where it met regular grass.
There wasn't much of a proper road past the gate, only a well-trodden footpath.
A copse of thick, gnarled yew trees obscured everything to the left, while the wall continued to the right parallel to the path.
It was only past the yew trees that the gravestones were finally visible, rows upon rows, unevenly spaced and at varying heights.
Harry noticed at the back of the cemetery two adjacent mausoleums in very different styles, one all sharp corners and the other elegant miniature spires.
Silviu soon led them off the side path and between the gravestones.
It could have been Harry's imagination, but he thought the vampire was very deliberately avoiding the ones adorned with crosses.
Though they dotted the cemetery here and there, there weren't enough of them to be sure.
They passed by a rather dilapidated shack, which Silviu pointed to.
"The floo is in there," he explained, "and there are some owls you can rent."
Behind the shack there were more gravestones, but these were very uniform, and instead of empty plots each stood at the head of a half-buried coffin.
Harry guessed that these were the "coffin houses."
He noted a morbid parallel to muggle suburbia in the orderly arrangement and the availability of only a few coffin models.
Several of the plots were even planted full of flowers, like miniature gardens.
One of them hosted a gigantic plant which was moving very slightly and appeared to have multiple fanged mouths.
"D-12, here," said Silviu, stopping in front of a pine coffin which had been set in a shallow pit.
"We fill this with the soil of your homeland," he explained.
"But I suppose local soil will do for you?"
He sounded rather contemptuous, but Petri said, with all politeness, "Yes, that will be fine."
"You'll take it then?"
asked Silviu.
"The rent is twenty galleons a month, and the deposit is a month's rent.
You can make any reversible modifications as long as they stay on your plot."
Harry glanced at the headstone and saw that it simply said the address, "66 Knockturn Alley, Plot D-12."
Silviu noticed the direction of his gaze and added, "You can also put your name on the stone, but that's at your own expense."
Harry couldn't see why anyone alive would want to put their name on a tombstone right where they slept.
Then again, the fact that Petri was apparently fine with living in a graveyard, surrounded by vampires, was also beyond Harry's comprehension.
Indeed, Petri agreed to the lease without asking too many questions.
Silviu matched Petri's wand to the coffin—it was the false wand, Harry noted—and also gave him pair of metal charms that apparently served as house keys that slotted into a groove on the casket lid.
Petri handed him a stack of galleons in return, and they settled the paperwork with an honourable oath.
Silviu left them to investigate their new home.
Petri opened up the casket and descended, and Harry followed with some trepidation.
It looked normal inside, just as it had in the shop, with wooden walls and flooring, and Harry could almost convince himself that they were in a regular basement rather than inside a casket.
The space was a little cramped for two, but on a similar scale to their room at the White Wyvern.
Harry was sure that Petri had designs involving expansion charms, anyway.
"We will sleep at the inn and move in tomorrow," said Petri.
Harry was glad to hear it.
In the darkness, Harry felt a faint stirring of claustrophobia, though he quashed it immediately.
He had slept in a similarly dark cupboard for eight years.
Compared to that, this expanded casket was luxurious.
They returned the next morning by floo, trunk and tent in tow.
Petri left the tent outside, but carried the trunk down the steps.
"Why didn't we just live in the trunk?"
Harry finally asked.
"Or some other place.
Silviu mentioned some other streets."
"This place will be more than sufficient with the right enchantments," Petri said.
He had produced his strange tape measure again and it zoomed around the room making esoteric measurements.
"Okay, but why?"
Harry pressed.
"It would be highly unsafe to live inside a trunk," said Petri with an air of impatience.
"A place can be warded, only if it does not move.
A trunk is made for moving."
"The tent then?"
Harry asked.
"We have been living in the tent," said Petri, "in the forest.
The whole reason for moving was to leave the forest."
"But we're in a graveyard now," said Harry, not seeing how that was better.
"We are in the centre of Wizarding Britain," Petri corrected.
"And before you ask, I believe that Diagon Alley and Carkitt Market are some of the most expensive places in the country."
"Oh," said Harry.
"Help me move the furniture from the tent," Petri said.
The tent couldn't go inside the coffin because of the undetectable extension charm, so they had to set it up outside and move the contents manually.
Harry looked around nervously.
They were encroaching rather egregiously on the cemetery proper.
The tent wasn't enormous, but it was definitely too big to fit between the tombstones, so Petri had put it on the path.
A wizard in purple robes was coming towards them from the shack with the floo, a clear scowl on his face.
"Hey, have some respect.
This is a cemetery!
No camping here," he yelled.
Petri did not even turn around, and the angry wizard came closer.
Harry glanced back and forth between them, feeling a nervous pit forming in his stomach.
Without warning, Petri whirled around with his wand out and cried, "Confundo!"
His face was screwed up in concentration.
There was no flash of light or anything, and Harry wondered if the spell had failed and the purple-robed wizard was just going to get angrier, but then the man stumbled mid-step and nearly fell over, barely catching himself.
"Wha—hello?
Oh, good day, mister," he said, sounding very dazed.
"Good morning," said Petri, casually shifting his wand hand behind him and out of sight.
"You were just going that way," he said, pointing the opposite direction.
"Oh, yes, right," the wizard said, and wandered off.
"You can just mess with people like that?"
Harry demanded.
"It's a very difficult charm," said Petri, looking pleased, "but useful."
He ducked into the tent, and Harry followed quickly.
Inside, Petri was casting the shrinking charm at everything in reach.
Harry bent down to pick up a miniature table, using his other hand to grab all four of its chairs.
They weighed exactly as much as he might have expected from objects of that size, and were perfectly manageable.
It took a dozen trips to move all the large furniture in shrunken form, with the exception of the contents of Petri's office.
He had brought his trunk inside and was transferring most of the things from his desk to another compartment of the trunk that looked similar to the one full of glass items.
Once the tent was emptied out, Petri began to cast spells at it in sequence, under his breath.
Harry knew enough now to recognise it as an enchantment of some sort.
Once he finished, he peered inside the tent momentarily, nodded to himself, and then used his wand to conduct its disassembly.
Then he walked into their casket home with the folded tent.
There was no ensuing explosion, so Harry assumed that he had removed the extension charm.
Petri ignored the haphazard pile of shrunken furniture in the corner and was waving his wand in concert with the animated tape measure.
"It would be easier to remove the extension charm and cast another one," he said.
"Should I take all the furniture out?"
Harry asked.
Petri glanced at him as if startled that he was there and said, "No, no.
I shall add to the charm."
"What is the tape measure for?"
Harry asked.
"It shows how space has been extended," Petri explained.
"It is very unlikely to see a perfect extension charm with even extension everywhere, so one must be careful."
Harry watched as Petri traversed every inch of the room accompanied by the tape measure.
"Here, I believe," he murmured in German, stopping about a third of the way between the two longer walls.
He said a long incantation, and made a pushing motion with his wand and other hand in concert, and the wall moved back about a foot.
He then meticulously measured all over the new space, talking to himself as he went.
Harry backed away as far as he could and sat down in a corner.
He slipped his hands into his robe pockets and his fingertips brushed something unexpectedly cool and smooth.
It was the house key.
He pulled it out and studied the thin but unyielding metal disc.
There were a series of small, differently-sized holes punched into it.
Harry could not even begin to guess how it worked.
Petri managed in the end to extend all the walls about two meters, resulting in very spacious single room.
He then carefully shrank the distance between two patches of wall to separate the space into two rooms with rather round corners, one large and one small.
Apparently, sharpening the bend was a difficult task, because he made scant progress after attempting it for several minutes and then appeared to give up.
He installed the toilet from the tent in the smaller room.
There was no plumbing to speak of, as the camp toilet was simply a large bowl that vanished whatever was put into it when the appropriate spot was tapped.
In Harry's opinion this was better than a regular toilet, as it required very little cleaning.
On the other hand there was no shower either, only the scouring spell.
Aunt Petunia had never let him take long showers, anyway, so he didn't mind too much, but the spell always left a bitter, soapy taste in Harry's mouth afterwards.
There wasn't nearly enough space for all the furniture from the tent, so Petri only restored their beds, the kitchen table and its chairs, and the stasis box for their food.
The rest of the things he stowed in the front room of the trunk.
He then used one of Rosenkol's collection of funeral shrouds as a curtain for the toilet, and made another only marginally successful attempt at sharpening the corners of the room.
With that, he considered them sufficiently settled.
A/N: Behold the pattern I found from my amazing sample size of three!
Flitwick, Griphook, and Gringott are all probably goblin surnames, and they consist of a four-letter verb and a four-letter noun smashed together.
So that's how I will do it.
Also, Gringotts appears to be a safety deposit box service rather than a bank as we muggles would consider it.
The fact that wizards still use metal currency with intrinsic value rather limits the potential for complicated financial instruments.
I have many thoughts about the wizarding econom.
etri was somehow convinced that Silviu or one of their other vampire neighbours was going to suck out all of Harry's blood and chop him to pieces the moment he was left unattended.
As a result, Harry wasn't allowed to go outside on his own.
It was the tent all over again, but worse, because he hadn't been interested in the gloomy forest, but there were things to see in Knockturn Alley and beyond.
It was just as Petri had said—they were in the centre of Wizarding Britain.
Harry doubted that any of the vampires in the vicinity even knew that Harry existed.
He wasn't sure they knew that Petri existed, except that for some reason Petri had engraved his fake name, Jochen Peters, on the headstone to mark his presence.
He had done this himself by repeatedly casting a spell with the incantation, "defodio," which had left deep gouges in the stone and which Harry had resolved not to get on the wrong end of.
Petri always went out during the day, even though he was pretending to be a vampire.
Half vampires could and did go out in the sun, but they were still supposed to prefer the darkness.
Direct sunlight could result in blurry vision, slow reaction time, and general fatigue, all of which sounded bad.
Harry had researched these things after Petri had appeared to fail so utterly in behaving like a vampire that Harry thought his own assumptions (mostly a result of overheard conversations at school, as Aunt Petunia had never allowed abnormal things like fantasy fiction into her home) must be wrong.
They had been more or less accurate, however, leaving it to the imagination how Petri had convinced the Ministry of Magic of the whole charade in the first place.
It was likely that the substantial amount of blood Petri had extracted and put into a jar beforehand, which left him with a starkly anaemic appearance, had helped.
He had also cast a charm on his canine teeth to make them permanently longer, which Harry found unsettling.
Harry had been surprised that Petri was willing to go around parading as a creature, given his generally disdainful opinion of non-humans, but apparently half vampires were viewed in a relatively favourable light by most wizards and witches.
It was like the difference between a wolf and a dog.
No wonder Silviu pretended he was one as well.
Harry wondered if the vampire even still remembered him.
They hadn't come into contact for a few months.
Whenever Petri took Harry outside with him, they would floo straight to the Leaky Cauldron in Diagon Alley or the Hopping Pot in Carkitt Market, bypassing Knockturn Alley entirely, and floo back when their business was done.
Petri never did anything interesting either, at least when he brought Harry along.
He would withdraw funds from Gringotts and buy things, usually books or extra parchment and quills.
It was all very mundane.
Today was Christmas Day, and Harry had somehow deluded himself into thinking that Petri would break the pattern for once and do something fun.
However, he was sorely disappointed, as they apparated to the Diagon Alley entrance (the Leaky Cauldron was closed for the day) and trudged through the thick snow to get to the bank.
The snow was new; it must have stormed something fierce since his last venture outside.
Harry's trainers were highly unsuitable for the terrain and became sodden and cold with seconds.
"There's snow in my shoes," Harry said.
Petri cast a warming charm and an impervius charm at his feet, which resulted in warm, but still wet, trainers.
Harry supposed that he would take what he could get.
Gringotts was open as usual, as the goblins did not observe human holidays.
They were closed only one day of the year, and that day had been several weeks ago, at the beginning of December.
Snipseed took them down to Petri's vault.
Half the time it was Snipseed, and the rest of the time it was a surly, squat goblin named Turnlink.
Harry supposed the cart operators were assigned to particular doors.
Harry did not particularly like either goblin—Snipseed was smarmy and seemed too interested in Harry, though what kind of interest it was he could was still uncertain, while Turnlink was always as disdainful as possible without being outright rude.
This time, in addition to withdrawing several galleons, Petri deposited a slip of parchment into his mysterious wooden chest.
He hadn't lied about the contents; Harry could see that it was full of documents, but there was no way to determine what kind of documents they were from a distance.
Harry wondered what Petri planned to do with the money he had just withdrawn, given that practically nothing was open.
"I have a meeting on the Continent," Petri said as they left the bank.
A meeting, on Christmas Day?
Harry made a face.
"Regretfully, I need my equipment, so there is nowhere for you to practise.
And since it's… a holiday, I thought you could take a break.
Don't leave Diagon Alley, and don't get up to mischief.
I'll be back in three hours.
Meet me here, in front of Gringotts."
Harry blinked, wondering if he had hallucinated that speech.
Was Petri really going to leave him alone in Diagon Alley?
Harry quickly smoothed his face as Petri seemed already to be having second thoughts about the decision.
"If something happens, if there's some emergency," Petri began, rummaging around in his pocket.
He pulled out a quill and cast some kind of nonverbal spell with a very complicated wand motion, duplicating the quill.
Then he handed the duplicate to Harry.
"Break this and I'll know.
Just if it's an emergency, and you can't call the aurors."
"Right," said Harry, nodding to show that he understood.
Petri was being paranoid again.
If there was an emergency where he couldn't call the aurors, that meant he had lost his wand, which Harry thought would be unlikely.
Petri disapparated without saying anything more, and Harry broke out into a momentary grin.
His face fell when he realised that yes, it was Christmas Day, and as he had observed before, practically everything was closed.
Other people were home celebrating with their families.
Harry was out in the snow by himself because his only remaining family hated him and his guardian did not have an ounce of celebratory spirit.
With a sigh, he sat down on the magically clear and dry steps of Gringotts.
He eyed the door goblin carefully in his peripheral vision, but there was no reaction suggesting that he ought not to loiter, so he relaxed.
The Alley wasn't completely deserted by any means.
Wizards and witches walked by occasionally, wrapped in thick winter cloaks.
Harry stood up when he noticed he couldn't feel his fingers or face any more.
The warming charm must be wearing off, but he didn't know how to cast another one.
Curious as to where passers-by were heading, and hoping for somewhere to warm up, he followed the footprints in the snow, nearly all of which led deeper into the Alley and away from the closed Leaky Cauldron.
A number of tracks converged at the post office, which was open.
He ducked inside to get away from the cold for a moment.
It was chaotic and smelly, and packed with owls of all shapes and sizes, like always.
He had visited a few times with Petri, when there were packages to be posted that were too big for the rental owls at 66 Knockturn.
Harry wandered over to the stationery, as if he were considering writing a letter.
He didn't have any money to speak of, but he didn't want to be kicked out for just standing around.
The single cashier was not paying him any mind at the moment, as he was advising a middle-aged witch on what kind of owl to use for her oddly-shaped package.
"The Great Gray would be the best," he said, but the witch shook her head.
"That huge thing?"
she said, "No, no, little Artie would run off screaming seeing that.
Couldn't we do two of the spotted ones?"
"Ma'am, it's not the right shape for two owls..." Harry glanced over to the side with the smaller owls and did a double take.
What he had at first supposed was another boy around his age was actually a goblin, and a very familiar goblin at that.
"Snipseed," he called out, wondering how the goblin had got from inside Gringotts to the post office without passing him at all.
Snipseed was wearing a heavy black cloak over his scarlet uniform, which made him look almost wizard-like.
The goblin turned jerkily at the sound of his name, not spotting Harry for a moment.
"Snipseed," Harry said again, and the goblin looked in the right place this time.
"Ah, hello, young man," he greeted.
His eyes were darting left and right, and he seemed very distracted.
"My name's Harry," said Harry.
"Harry.
Call me Nalrod," said Snipseed.
"Where's five seventy-two?
That is, your… father?"
"No, my master," Harry corrected.
Nalrod; was that the goblin's first name then?
"He's around, doing business," he said vaguely, not really wanting Nalrod to know that he was alone.
He thought it would be rude to ask the goblin outright what he was doing here, so he tried, "Are you on a lunch break?"
"Ah, yes, well, no, not exactly.
I'm sending letters," Nalrod said, holding up an envelope in his long-fingered hands.
"Well, yes, I figured," said Harry.
That was the assumption, in a post office.
"Say," Nalrod began, his eyes finally fixing on Harry, "Humans give gifts on this day, right?"
Harry nodded.
"Usually," he said.
He had never received a Christmas present in his life, but he had seen Dudley get more than his fair share of them.
"What kinds of gifts?"
Nalrod asked.
A little mystified at this line of questioning, but seeing no harm in it, Harry said, "Any kind, really.
Whatever you think the other person likes."
He wasn't sure if that was right, seeing as he had little experience with the matter, but he'd never seen evidence to the contrary given Dudley's wide variety of receipts.
"But how do you know which is right?"
asked the goblin, now intensely focused.
He leaned forward suddenly, and Harry shrank back, a little intimidated.
"Well, you don't know for sure, I guess.
But if it's a friend you probably have ideas, right?
I don't know, sorry," he said.
Nalrod slumped a little, but then straightened again momentarily.
"She likes flowers, but it's winter," he said.
Harry thought about the matter seriously.
"Goblins are good with metal, right?"
"Of course," said Nalrod a little stiffly, "we are masters in the art."
"So maybe jewellery, like a pin or a small necklace, with flowers," Harry suggested, drawing on his meagre experience with women, which basically amounted to Aunt Petunia.
She liked flowers too, and jewellery, but not the flamboyant kind, like the giant bangles Mrs.
Number 7 wore—that was "tawdry."
"It's not too forward?"
Nalrod asked, looking uncertain.
"Forward?"
Harry repeated.
"She won't think I'm proposing marriage?"
said Nalrod.
"What?"
said Harry.
"No, er, I don't think so.
Is that how goblins propose?"
"With a gift of jewellery, yes," said Nalrod.
"Actually, come to think of it, that's how, er, humans propose too, but it has to be a ring, I think.
So no rings, and I reckon it should be fine," said Harry.
"Just something simple."
Nalrod nodded slowly, deep in thought.
Then he shook himself.
"Thank you for the advice."
He reached into his robe pocket and took out a handful of sickles.
Then, with a wiggle of his long fingers, the sickles seemed to melt together and flow, forming a silver hairpin which then sprouted tiny, intricate floral designs.
"How is this?"
he asked a little fretfully, "I don't have any jewels."
"That was wicked," said Harry, somewhat in awe at the casual display of transformative magic.
"It looks great.
Er, is it okay for you to melt money like that?"
"No one will notice," he said evasively.
He looked at the pin he had made, and then at the letter in his hand.
"Is it too impersonal to send it by post?
I wish I could go myself."
"Can't you go after work?"
Harry asked, supposing that the goblin's lunch break was about up.
"She lives in Knockturn Alley," said Nalrod.
"It's against the treaty for me to leave Gringotts except on business.
I had to volunteer to send vault summaries to come here."
He grimaced.
"Oh," said Harry, feeling rather bad for the goblin.
"I live in Knockturn.
I could go deliver it for you."
He regretted it as soon as he said it.
He didn't really want to go on the errand, and he imagined it would be awkward to deliver a present to a woman he'd never met.
Also, Petri obviously did not want him wandering around Knockturn, and even if he was being paranoid about vampires, Harry himself was still rather leery of hags and the prospect of having to cut off someone's head, even in self-defence.
Fortunately, Nalrod was shaking his head.
"No, no, I might as well use an owl.
But, say, are you going to be here for long?"
"Here, in Diagon?"
Harry asked.
Nalrod nodded.
"Another few hours."
"May I borrow your face?
It would be an hour at most," said Nalrod.
"What?"
Harry asked, reaching up to touch his face, as if to reassure himself that it was still there.
"Borrow my face?"
"It's a bit of sympathetic transformation," said Nalrod, which told Harry approximately nothing.
"We'll just trade appearances for a bit, so that I can walk there myself."
"Oh," said Harry.
"But I'd have to stay at Gringotts?"
"Ah, well, yes.
Sorry, it was wrong of me to suggest it," said Nalrod, backing up a step and looking away.
He didn't sound sorry at all, only bitterly disappointed.
Harry's face fell.
"If it's only for an hour," he said, still a little hesitant, but Nalrod's tentative, hopeful smile was too much for him to take it back.
"I'll be quick," he said.
He glanced around.
"Let's not do this here.
Follow me."
They exited the post office and were struck with a blast of cold air.
It felt refreshing for a moment before it began to seep through Harry's robe.
The warming charm had long worn off, and despite his efforts at watching where he stepped chunks of ice worked its way into his trainers again and he gave up on attempting to stay dry.
The goblin at the door looked at them askance as they passed by and shouted something in the goblin language, chuckling nastily afterwards.
Nalrod flushed and sneered, baring his sharp teeth.
"What do I do if someone tries to talk to me in—in your language?"
Harry hissed urgently.
"Tell them, 'khrast!'
It means something like, 'shut up,' but, well, more forceful.
Don't worry; we bankers mostly speak English," Nalrod said.
"Khrast," Harry tried to say, but it sounded weak coming out of his mouth.
Nalrod snorted slightly, which was hardly reassuring.
They passed the main entrance and walked up to the wall.
Suddenly, Harry noticed a door behind one of the pillars which he could have sworn had not been there before.
Nalrod ran a sharp nail down the crack in the centre and the door melted away.
He ushered Harry inside.
It was a rock tunnel lit by torches, not unlike the tunnels that led to the vaults, but there was no track.
Instead, they were at the top of a set of curved stairs that led downwards.
They went down the stairs, which spiraled deep into the bowels of the earth.
They passed three landings before exiting on the next one into another torch-lit tunnel.
The goblin whistled, and a mine cart trundled up to meet them.
"You should be able to summon these by whistling, too," said Nalrod.
"I can't whistle," said Harry worriedly.
"Try it," said Nalrod, and Harry pursed his lips and tried to make some sound come out.
They clambered in the cart before he managed anything, and it shot off at a breakneck pace, stopping soon in a large cavern with many branching little tunnels.
Harry continued his efforts.
"Curl your tongue," Nalrod suggested, as he led Harry down one of the tunnels.
They emerged in a store room full of crates.
Nalrod heaved the lid off the nearest one, revealing folded Gringotts uniforms.
Harry produced a weak whistle.
"Good enough," said Nalrod.
"You're the right size, so these should fit."
Harry picked a uniform from the top and Nalrod turned away to let him put it on.
It looked intricate, but it was really just a pair of trousers and long buttoned shirt with things sewn all over it.
The shirt was a little tight on Harry, but even as he had the thought it seemed to expand to give his arms more room.
"Done," he said, tucking his robes behind the crate for later retrieval.
He remembered to take his wand and put it into his back pocket.
Nalrod turned to Harry and reached out with his hands.
"May I?"
Harry, feeling some trepidation now, gave a jerky nod.
Nalrod touched his face, and Harry closed his eyes, waiting for something to happen.
He didn't feel anything, but when he opened his eyes it was like looking into a mirror, but wrong—his own face, almost, was staring back at him.
His eyes darted to the smooth brow and the black hair.
There was no lightning-bolt scar peeking through his fringe, and it looked like the cosmetic charm Petri had put on his hair did not transfer, but everything else was the same.
Suddenly self-conscious, he reached up touch his face and felt wrinkles there, and prickly stubble at his chin.
His hair was thick and wiry, he could see his nose, large and protruding, out of the corner of his eye.
Reflexively he smoothed down his fringe to cover up the scar that he guessed was still on his forehead.
"It worked?"
he asked.
Nalrod nodded, and untied the sash around his waist, which contained several pouches.
He helped Harry put it on.
"This one is the vault balancer," he said, pointing to the largest one.
"It'll restore the right amount to a vault if it's missing anything.
Just loose money in this one.
That one has the ledger for all my vaults.
Update it if somebody withdraws or deposits an object.
The balance will update on its own."
"Okay," Harry agreed, even though he felt very out of his depth.
"Let's go up to the bank," said Nalrod.
They retraced their steps, and Harry tried to whistle again.
A few thin, half-hearted notes came out, but he heard the trundling of wheels.
Apparently, that had been enough.
"How do you steer this?"
he asked.
"You don't," said Nalrod.
"It knows where you need to be.
It should respond to you, since you have my magic on you now."
They got in, Harry at the helm this time.
Just as he wondered how he was supposed to make it go, it started to move, and he nearly fell off his seat.
Nalrod snickered, though the sound was quickly swallowed by the wind.
Harry gave a small whoop as they rounded the bend and shot upwards almost vertically, before straightening out and came to a rather abrupt stop.
The track had ended before one of the doors that Harry supposed led to the main hall.
They climbed out of the cart, and Nalrod made an "after you" gesture.
Harry opened the door and they exited.
"Nalrod?"
said a goblin on the other side, looking surprised.
It was Turnlink.
Harry glanced at Nalrod, but then realised that Turnlink was talking to him, obviously because he was wearing Nalrod's face.
"That's Gornuk 'the Grouchy' Turnlink," Nalrod hissed in his ear as he passed behind.
Harry's lips twitched involuntarily at the entirely accurate moniker.
"When did you get back?"
Gornuk asked.
"Er, just now," said Harry.
Nalrod, pretending to be an oblivious human, walked away from them without looking back.
Harry's heart leapt into his throat as nerves he previously had been unaware of suddenly hit him all at once.
His too-short hands curled into fists.
Was this really going to work?
"You were gone forever," said Gornuk, sneering.
He said something obviously unfavourable in the goblin language.
"Kh-khrast," said Harry, his face heating and cooling rapidly as it tried to decide between flushing in embarrassment and blanching in panic at his failure to sound at all menacing.
It finally settled on the latter as a worried pit formed in his stomach.
Nalrod's voice was relatively high-pitched, but Harry didn't think it was high enough to match his own.
Gornuk looked offended for a moment, and Harry grew even more worried that Nalrod had given him the wrong advice, but then the goblin snorted and looked away.
"Turnlink!"
a goblin at the counter shouted, and Gornuk had to go take a witch to her vault.
Harry breathed out deeply in relief at the reprieve.
He glanced around and was pleased to see that nobody was paying him any mind.
Gringotts was much emptier than he was used to seeing.
There was no queue, and goblins crossed the hall at a sedate pace, rather than the usual rush.
"Snipseed!"
said the goblin at the counter, and Harry responded at a delay, remembering that that was supposed to be his name.
He looked up, expecting to see a customer, but there was nobody waiting to go to a vault.
"There you are.
Vault seven thirteen needs to be set up.
Maximum security, keyless lock," said the goblin.
He tossed a scroll to Harry, who managed to snatch it out of the air before it hit his face.
"Er, right," said Harry faintly.
The goblin turned away at his acknowledgement, and Harry opened the door and went into the tunnel.
What was he supposed to do now?
He hadn't the faintest idea how to actually do Nalrod's job, beyond riding the cart, and this vault setup sounded complicated and important.
Well, he needed to go there first.
Perhaps he could stall until the real Nalrod returned.
He whistled, getting it on the first try this time, and waited for a cart to arrive.
Arrive it did, laden with Gornuk and the witch.
They disembarked and Gornuk ignored him professionally, bowing the witch out the door.
"Where are you going?"
he asked, once she was out of sight.
"Er, vault setup," Harry said.
"For whom?"
Gornuk asked.
"Dunno," said Harry, feeling increasingly awkward.
Gornuk looked at him oddly, and glanced down.
"Where's the key?"
he asked.
Harry tried surreptitiously to move his hands behind his back to hide his human fingers.
"It's keyless," said Harry.
This seemed to clear everything up, because Gornuk nodded and leaned back.
"Oh, you could've said," he said, losing interest.
Harry decided to get in the cart before the goblin could try to start another conversation.
The cart seemed to sense his urgency, because it took off as soon as his bottom managed to touch the seat, and he had to flail wildly to grab a hold of the railing.
The ride ended sooner than he had expected, given that 713 was a bigger number than 572, Petri's vault.
But the cart had not gone to vault 713 at all—it had taken a turn and stopped in front of a square hole in the wall which appeared to be a window into a booth where a bored-looking goblin leaned against a counter.
"What do you need?"
asked the goblin, who had a squeaky voice and looked a bit different from the other goblins Harry had seen.
He tried not to stare as he attempted to figure out what was off.
"Er, I'm going to set up a vault with a keyless lock," he said, since the keyless part appeared to be important.
"Okay," said the goblin.
"Wait here while I get a locksmith."
The goblin turned around, a long braid swishing behind him—her.
Harry finally realised that the goblin was a girl, the first he had seen.
He felt a little silly that he had previously assumed all goblins were male.
That didn't even make any sense.
Or was it not so silly after all?
Suddenly he was reminded of how all hags seemed to be female.
Were there male hags that he just had not encountered?
He resolved to ask Petri or look in a magical creatures book later.
The booth goblin returned, waving her hand, and the cart lurched forward a few meters, coming to a stop in front of a tunnel opening where another goblin was approaching.
"Hey, Nalrod, right?"
asked the goblin, this one male.
Harry cursed his luck at meeting someone who apparently knew Nalrod.
"Er, yeah," he said awkwardly.
The goblin grinned at him as he climbed into the cart.
"Fulnok Flitwick.
You probably don't remember me, but I was in your accounting class in the academy for a bit before I dropped out to do full crafts," he said.
"Oh," said Harry, not sure what to say to that.
Fortunately, the cart picked up speed and made it virtually impossible to talk as they suddenly began to dive straight down.
They were practically in free-fall, and it lasted an eternity.
Harry's stomach slammed rudely back into place as they hit the bottom of the descent and shot through a dizzying network of twisting tunnels.
"Khora!"
Fulnok shouted.
"This is deep."
The cart stopped abruptly and they almost flew out of it.
Harry managed to fall out onto the platform instead of the tracks, while Fulnok's face slammed into edge of the cart.
"Khora," he yelled again, leading Harry to assume that it was some kind of swear word.
"This thing needs to be fixed."
He climbed out of the cart and gave it a good kick.
"Er, that might just make it worse," said Harry.
Fulnok sniffed.
"Whatever.
Which vault is it?"
he asked.
"Seven thirteen," said Harry.
Fulnok moved briskly toward the row of doors at the back of the platform.
He put his hands on the vault door and the lock began to warp and melt, the molten metal trickling both towards the ground and the ceiling.
It broke off into two rivulets, leaving a jagged crack.
"Well, it could look better, but who cares," said Fulnok.
He drummed his fingers against the door here and there, seemingly at random, and then stepped back.
"Done.
That's the door security.
Make sure you don't touch anything outside of here," at this, Fulnok gestured along the crack, "and sympathetic magic only."
"Er, right.
That was fast," said Harry.
"Yeah, good luck with the rest of the stuff," said Fulnok, smirking.
"It was nice meeting you again."
"Yeah," said Harry, realising that Fulnok was about to leave.
"Bye."
The goblin climbed into the cart and disappeared.
Harry turned to the vault with a sigh.
He had no idea what he was supposed to do.
He looked down at the scroll in his hand.
Back when Petri had first opened his vault, Nalrod had opened the scroll and stuck it to the wall somehow, inside the vault, so presumably Harry needed to get in.
But how was he supposed to do that?
Fulnok had said not to touch anything besides the crack, suggesting that he ought to touch the crack.
Cautiously, Harry reached out and ran a finger along it, like he remembered Nalrod had done to get into Gringotts from the side door.
The world shifted and lurched, and Harry found himself pitching forward onto the floor.
He picked himself up, rubbing his bruised jaw and glancing around in surprise.
He was inside the vault!
Fortunately, it was lit from above by some kind of enchantment, and he could see just fine.
He glanced behind him and saw a solid iron slab of a door, still closed.
That was a little worrying, but he put the matter aside for now.
Carefully, he broke the seal on the parchment scroll unfurled it.
It appeared to be blank, which was unhelpful.
He looked around for some place to stick it, but there was no obviously designated spot.
He then simply tried pressing it against the wall somewhere.
Nothing happened.
This task probably required goblin magic.
Remembering what Nalrod had said about Harry now having some of his magic, enough to operate the cart, Harry tried something that felt rather stupid—he leaned forward and pushed the seal against the wall using his nose, which, after all, was currently Nalrod's nose.
To his surprise, this actually worked.
The seal melted into the wall the way he remembered, and when he smoothed out the parchment it stuck to the wall as well.
Bemused, Harry looked at the words which had sprouted on the page.
It was complete gibberish, full of unrecognisable symbols.
Harry guessed it was the goblin language, but that did not help him at all.
Scowling, he turned away from the page.
He hadn't signed up to do Nalrod's job for him in addition to letting him use his human face.
The goblin could set up the vault properly when he came back.
Harry would just go back up to the surface to wait for him.
Decision made, Harry faced the door and paused.
How was he supposed to open it from this side?
He reached out with his hands and tried to touch it where he thought the crack was on the other side, but nothing happened.
He tried the same thing with his nose.
A little bit of anxiety began to seize his chest.
He patted the door, as if there might be some secret invisible switch.
Nothing.
His breath quickened, and he bit his lip.
There was no reason to panic.
He was just missing something obvious.
Despite his attempts to calm himself, however, no new course of action came to mind, and the knot in his chest grew ever larger and threatened to choke him.
He was trapped.
A/N: In case you forgot this story's other genre.
Anyway, thanks for reading!Harry lay on the floor of the vault, exhausted but too anxious to even try sleeping.
The stone walls loomed over him, simultaneously too high and too narrow, bearing down with suffocating pressure.
He had come close to tears several times already, after trying everything he could think of to open the door, to no avail.
Every time he grew too frustrated he would lie down and try to calm himself, his nose and his eyes burning as he held back the urge to sob.
It wouldn't help anything.
An hour passed, and the hope that Nalrod would come down here and find him dwindled.
The goblin would probably get in a huge amount of trouble if anybody found out he'd let Harry take his place, or that he'd left Gringotts illegally, so he was probably waiting for Harry to appear.
As more time passed, Harry began to wonder if Nalrod hadn't just lied outright to manipulate him into trading faces.
There wasn't anything Harry could do to change himself back.
What if Nalrod had taken the opportunity to be a human forever, leaving Harry to rot?
He had to convince himself that that was unlikely.
It had been a complete spur-of-the-moment idea and decision.
There was no way Nalrod had managed to plan it.
But even it hadn't been planned, that didn't mean the goblin couldn't have thought of it after the fact.
Even Harry was thinking about it, and it would make sense, from Nalrod's point of view.
What was the goblin supposed to think when Harry didn't show up?
Harry wasn't even sure if Nalrod could change himself back without Harry there.
Harry tried to think of anybody else whom he could call for help.
If only he had Petri's emergency quill!
He cursed himself for thoughtlessly leaving it with his robes when he had changed.
He'd forgotten all about it in the thick of things.
The ironic thing was that he did still have his wand, and he could theoretically call the aurors.
That was a last resort, though.
Harry was sure that what was doing was highly illegal, and even if he kept mum about the details, well, he was inside a Gringotts vault that didn't belong to him.
There just wasn't a good explanation for that.
He could say that he'd been tricked, which was true in a way and believable since he was a child, but he still wasn't sure that Nalrod hadn't earnestly been trying to visit his friend on Christmas.
He knew for a fact that what Nalrod was doing actually was illegal, and Nalrod was an adult, and a goblin, and Harry didn't want something terrible to happen to him if hadn't meant to steal Harry's face.
An eternity of waiting later, Harry's stomach had twisted itself into an agonising knot, and he decided that aurors were probably preferable to starving to death.
He raised his wand up above his head and cried, "lux aurora!"
A shower of red sparks shot out of the tip of his wand, indicating that the spell had worked.
Now he just had to wait.
He felt suddenly much calmer, like a weight had lifted from his shoulders.
The spell was supposed to provide his location to the Auror Office, and let them apparate to the spot, but Harry figured it was impossible to apparate into Gringotts, since that would be highly insecure.
Still, they would know that something was wrong.
Or would they?
Had the magic managed to leave Gringotts?
Harry grew more and more doubtful as time passed and there was still no sign that anyone was coming.
He held on to hope, but it dwindled rapidly as the response time verged on unacceptable.
Hours passed.
Harry lay on his back again, silent tears leaking out of the corners of his eyes.
He'd never felt this helpless in his life, or been so far at the end of his wits.
He'd got out of every scrape and problem before, even hard ones.
He'd survived the Dursleys, the first bewildering weeks with Petri, and the debacle of Lucius Malfoy's interest.
Maybe some of it had been luck, but there had always been things he could do to move forward.
Now he was stuck.
He literally could not think of what to do next.
After some time in a stupor of hopelessness, he managed to calm himself, at least temporarily, and stood up to make more attempts at the door.
He was a wizard, and had magic.
That had to count for something.
Petri seemed to believe that it would save him when his life was in danger.
Well, it was in danger now.
None of the spells he knew seemed like they would help.
Besides the fire-making charm, whose resultant fire was not nearly hot enough to melt metal, the severing charm was the only destructive spell he knew, and it wasn't as if he could use it to cut through the door either.
He had tried, just in case, but it hadn't even made a scratch.
The vault door was supposed to be secure, so it would probably stand up to even an adult wizard's magical knowledge.
That was just the door, though.
Harry, or rather Nalrod, was supposed to have been responsible for the rest of the security measures, whatever those were.
The vault was rock where it was not metal, however, and Harry had just as much luck trying to cut that as he did with the door.
Frustrated and tired, he lowered his wand and slumped back to the ground, closing his eyes.
He must have fallen asleep, because the next thing he knew, he was being woken by voices.
Voices?
"Nalrod!"
someone yelled.
Harry sat up, his heart swelling with gratitude at the sight of Gornuk Turnlink's incensed goblin face.
"You—what—how—I'm terribly sorry sir, rest assured this sort of thing isn't the norm."
Harry blinked and then felt his stomach drop as he briefly met the eyes of the old man whom Gornuk was addressing.
Gornuk turned to glare daggers at Harry, reminding him to get to his feet.
Harry had no idea how much time he'd spent asleep, but if Nalrod hadn't returned and Gornuk still thought he was the other goblin, that meant it looked like Nalrod was sleeping on the job.
That was embarrassing, but preferable to the truth.
"Sorry," Harry muttered as he exited the vault, head down, figuring that it would be best not to make a scene.
He couldn't help breaking out into a smile, however, as he made it past the door; it was such a relief.
"Wait," said the wizard.
Harry stopped and turned nervously, his heart leaping into his throat.
Reflexively, he tried to move his hands out of sight, but the wizard's hand darted out lightning-quick and grabbed his arm to stop him.
"Sir—" Gornuk protested as the wizard drew his wand and pointed it at Harry.
"That's no goblin," he said.
Harry felt his blood freeze.
The old wizard stared intently into his eyes, and Harry was too scared to even look away.
A cry of "Thief!"
and Harry's head whipped around to look at Gornuk, who had his eyes fixed on Harry's very human hands, an ugly grimace of realisation on his face.
"What have you done with Nalrod?"
He advanced with every word, until the practically spitting goblin was right in Harry's face.
"Nothing!"
Harry shouted.
He couldn't hear himself speak; his ears were ringing.
"Nalrod did this to me!"
"Liar!
Wizard khora zgvlast!"
Gornuk spat.
Then he froze, seemed to notice the old wizard who still had Harry firmly in his grasp, and backed away slightly.
He coughed as if to clear his throat.
"Apologies.
I got carried away.
Gringotts regrets this oversight.
Rest assured we will increase your vault security, free of charge, of course.
And you may leave the thief to goblin justice."
Gornuk bared his teeth threateningly.
"That won't be necessary," said the wizard, and despite himself Harry slumped a little in relief.
He didn't know what Gornuk meant by "goblin justice," but he thought he would rather take his chances with aurors.
"I should like to deal with the matter myself."
Gornuk looked hesitant, but then the man added, "Quietly," and the goblin relaxed.
"Of course, sir," he said.
Quietly?
What did that mean?
Harry finally recovered his wits enough to begin looking for an escape route.
He still had his wand on him, though it was in his back pocket and not easily accessible.
He had an old wizard and a goblin against him, however, and a sadly limited spell repertoire.
Harry felt his body suddenly stiffen like a board as his legs locked together.
Out of nowhere, thick ropes sprang into existence and wrapped themselves around his body, and he was kept upright only by the wizard's grip.
Well, that complicated things.
He shuddered as a wet sensation crawled down his neck, like someone had cracked a raw egg over his head.
He tried to move to shake off the unsettling feeling, but only his eyes obeyed his mind, and he blinked rapidly as he failed to see any part of his body below him.
Then he was floating along, like a puppet.
"If you could take us back to the surface," said the old wizard.
And Gornuk practically fell over himself to get to the cart.
Harry got the impression that the goblin wanted the both of them out of Gringotts post haste.
The ride up to the bank was significantly more nauseating and painful for Harry without the ability to move and brace himself for sharp turns.
On the way out, the door smacked into the back of his head and his vision swam.
The moment the wizard's foot left the last step outside of Gringotts he grabbed onto Harry's invisible arm, which rippled slightly, and disapparated.
As it turned out, the sensation of being squeezed through a too-narrow tube was a thousand times worse when it was impossible to move, and he was tied up with ropes.
Harry could barely move his face enough to suck in great lungfuls of air as they emerged on the other side.
Even a minute later he still felt terribly short of breath, and his head ached.
The old wizard flicked his wand, and with that single casual motion Harry was bent and seated on a chair and suddenly visible again.
The stiffness was also gone, though, still being tied up, he remained mostly unable to move.
Harry's eyes darted back and forth.
They had appeared in a brightly lit room.
The floor was made of pale stone tile, and out of the corner of Harry's eye he saw part of what appeared to be a large counter.
It appeared to be somebody's kitchen.
Was this the old man's home?
"Who are you?"
the old wizard asked him.
"Harry," said Harry.
"Harry..." the man repeated.
Harry frowned, debating giving his false name, but then that might implicate Petri somehow.
The man's steely grey eyes flashed and darkened at his hesitation.
"Harry Potter," he finally said.
The old wizard's brow crinkled in confusion.
"Curious," he said.
"So you cannot tell me."
Harry was sure that he had just said his name, but this reaction was presumably a result of the fidelius charm, so he only nodded.
"What were you doing in my vault?"
asked the man.
"Sleeping in my vault."
Despite himself, Harry flushed.
"I was trying to set it up," he said.
"But I didn't know how.
I got stuck inside."
It felt strangely right to tell the truth.
And why wouldn't it?
He didn't have anything to hide, did he?
"Set it up?"
the man repeated.
"The security," said Harry.
"I see.
Why were you posing as a goblin?"
Harry felt a surge of injustice at this, and frowned.
"A goblin is posing as me," he bit out.
"We traded faces, and he said he'd be back in an hour, but he isn't back yet, obviously."
He closed his mouth, wondering what had prompted him to say so much.
The truth was good, but he didn't have to show all his cards.
Wasn't it better to lay out the whole story, though?
"Do you have any idea where he might be?"
the man asked sharply, the undertone of urgency suddenly shining through.
"Any idea at all?"
"Knockturn Alley, maybe," said Harry.
"He said he wanted to visit a friend there."
"How old are you?"
was the next question, and Harry was rather bemused.
"Ten," he answered anyway, almost automatically.
The old man looked staggered at that.
"Ten," he repeated.
"Where are your parents?"
"Dead," said Harry vaguely, but he couldn't focus.
There was a sudden, very strong ringing in his ears, and his vision tunneled.
He thought he heard an exclamation, but the sound was distant and fading.
He felt like he was falling, even though he could simultaneously still feel his body sitting there, unmoved.
It was like being in two places at once, and then Harry was rushing through the darkness, a blur of orange at the corner of his eye and wind in his face.
He tried to blink but his vision didn't change, and then it did and he was glancing up at the tall white monolith that was Gringotts.
He turned quickly to focus on walking instead, however, intent on his destination.
The snow hampered his movement at first, but then somehow it started to flow around his feet, as if anticipating his steps.
At the corner he turned onto Knockturn Alley.
It was busier than Diagon Alley.
There were hags about marketing their esoteric, disgusting wares, and other hags apparently interested in buying them.
A shabby wizard was sitting on the steps of a shop, playing a tune on a flute, apparently charming a snake to dance.
As Harry passed by, the door of the shop burst open and what was presumably the shopkeeper brandished his wand at the snake charmer to run him off.
Soon enough, the shops were behind him, and he was entering the residential area.
It was the wrong side of the road to go to the cemetery.
The houses looked wavy, and Harry tried to blink again but it didn't work.
The white of the ground slurred all around him until everything was white for a moment, and then he noticed 66 Knockturn, the cemetery, and its gate was open.
A tall man in a cloak stepped out.
It was Silviu!
"Harry," Silviu called, but Harry kept on walking without even looking back, even though he wanted to respond.
He was surprised the vampire had recognised him so easily after so long out of contact.
Why was he out and about during the day?
It was heavily overcast, but even so, the snow made everything bright.
"Harry," said Silviu, practically next to his ear, but he didn't look back—instead, he broke out into a run, clutching something to his chest.
Harry was astonished to find an envelope in his hands.
Had that been there?
A clawed hand grasped his shoulder, halting his progress.
Harry reached up with his own hand but it felt wrong, too large for him.
The next moment the world turned on its axis, a blur of grey and white, and his back slammed against a brick wall.
He might have cried out, but he heard nothing; it was like his breath had been robbed from him.
Silviu's face was right up against his, and his normally dull eyes were blazing, like someone had replaced them with glowing coals.
The eyes bored into him, swallowing the world.
It was a long moment before he realised that they weren't even there anymore.
Fiery afterimages danced across his vision and his thoughts were hopelessly scrambled, his attention strewn every which way.
A sharp pain in his neck finally drew his scattered wits together.
He tried to struggle but he was held fast, and his body felt weak, as if suddenly made of jelly.
Oddly enough, he wasn't panicked or scared at all.
There was just an overwhelming sense of betrayal—strange, because there had not been anything to betray—and strong puzzlement, because he could not for the life of him figure out how it had come to this point.
He felt light.
Vaguely he registered that he couldn't see.
But that was normal, wasn't it?
After all, he was asleep.
Harry's eyes snapped open and he sucked in a desperate breath.
His heart was pounding in his ears, even though his mind was calm, and his body felt slick with sweat.
His slapped his hand to the side of neck and rubbed it frantically, checking for wounds, just in case.
Nothing, of course, but it had felt so real.
He tried to calm his breathing.
He glanced down, disoriented, and confirmed that his arms were free, and he was in a bed, but not his own bed.
Someone had changed out his Gringotts uniform for an unfamiliar nightgown.
He reached up to wipe the sweat from his brow and felt smooth skin.
Startled, he patted his face with both hands, feeling the contours with some excitement.
He couldn't be sure, but it seemed like Nalrod's spell had worn off, and he was back to himself.
He prodded at his nose a few times to convince himself that it was no longer large and pointed.
"Ah, you're awake.
Are you all right?"
Harry sat up quickly, nearly tangling himself in the sheets as he did so.
The old wizard whose vault he had been trapped in was standing in the door.
It occurred to him that now the man had seen his real face, and it would be even harder to get away, but he put that worry to the side.
"Er, yeah," said Harry, because aside from the disturbingly realistic dream he'd just experienced, he really was fine.
He flushed when he realised that he must have passed out earlier.
Perhaps the ropes had been too tight.
Given that he wasn't tied up now, however, maybe things had worked out for the best.
He glanced around.
He wasn't in the same room as before, but he was sure it was the same house.
The wainscoting was the same colour and pattern.
In this room, there were various paintings on the walls, though for some reason, all the frames showed background images, and seemed to be missing some vital component.
"Did you see what happened to your goblin… friend?"
the man asked.
"Huh?"
Harry said as he got to his feet, unable to make sense of the question.
Suddenly feeling vulnerable with nothing at his back, he shuffled over to the wall and leaned against it.
"Your sympathetic vision," said the man unhelpfully.
When Harry continued to stare at him in bewilderment, he tried, "Your dream."
Suddenly, Harry felt like ice had formed in the pit of his stomach.
The journey into Knockturn Alley, the envelope, the too-long fingers, running from Silviu—now he understood.
That had been Nalrod, not him.
Harry hadn't walked down Knockturn Alley for months, but his dream, his vision, had captured every notable detail.
And he'd never put much stock in Petri's paranoia about Silviu, so why would he dream that Silviu attacked him?
But if that vision was real, that meant that Silviu had attacked him, or at least, someone who appeared to be him.
Had Petri been right all along?
Harry couldn't reconcile it with his impression of Silviu.
The vampire he remembered was so composed.
By the gate, he had called Harry's name.
If he'd meant to attack, why would he give warning?
It didn't add up.
It still did not change the facts.
"He was attacked by a vampire," Harry said.
The old man grimaced.
"How did you know about my dream?"
Harry asked.
"That I would have one?"
"The goblin used sympathetic transformation to trade appearances with you.
That kind of magic tends to result in a mental connection," the wizard explained.
Harry frowned.
"But I didn't see anything he did before, or get any impressions from him.
I even slept a bit, well, like you saw, and didn't have any dreams.
Why now?"
he asked a little hesitantly.
His mind was already working to piece together an answer to his own question, but it prompted a queasy feeling in his stomach.
The outcome of Silviu's attack—he hadn't seen that.
Had Nalrod lost consciousness, or worse?
The grim look on the elderly wizard's face did not bode well.
"The connection broke early on.
It was only when your magic returned to you to reverse the transformation that you received your vision."
In some ways, this man reminded Harry of Petri.
He made explanations in a practised way; perhaps he too, was a teacher.
Petri, however, had never exhibited the strange hesitation that Harry sensed here, as if the man were trying to skirt around some detail.
"Because he died, didn't he?"
Harry asked, simultaneously filled with certainty and with hope that he was wrong.
The words burned his throat and threatened to choke him as he spoke, but he had to say them.
The look in the man's eyes was enough, but he went on to say, "Yes, most likely."
Harry shut his eyes and his hands clenched into fists.
He should never have agreed to Nalrod's ridiculous request.
Everything had gone wrong because he'd agreed despite himself, despite common sense.
Nalrod had died, actually died, and Harry had nearly been trapped in a vault—it was sheer luck its owner had visited the very next day, and not a week later, when Harry would have been done for.
It was an unmitigated disaster.
"What's—what's going to happen now?"
he asked.
The old wizard had untied him and put him in this bed, but that didn't mean anything.
Surely the goblins would go into an uproar to find out what had happened?
Realising how ambiguous the question was, he amended, "Are they, Gringotts, are they going to find Nalrod's body?
We have to tell them."
Paradoxically, he felt calmer talking about the body.
Corpses he was familiar with.
It felt like forever ago that Petri had laughed at him for being disgusted by them, and anyway, he lived in a cemetery.
"It would be best to say nothing," said the old man.
"What?
Why?"
Harry asked, biting his lip.
There he went again, asking without thinking about it first.
With Petri he could remember to wait, to avoid any possible stinging hexes, but it seemed he was destined to forget with anyone else, on the occasions he even got to speak to other people.
The man did not seem to be annoyed, however, and answered him patiently: "Goblins take trespass very seriously, and they do not see things as wizards do.
Age doesn't matter to them.
Doubtless Turnlink only let you go because he thought I would be very angry with you, angry enough..." "Are you angry?"
Harry blurted.
Gornuk must have thought the wizard would be angry enough to kill, he guessed uneasily.
The goblin had been positively seething.
"Not in the slightest," said the man.
"As I see it, it was entirely an accident, coincidence, that you found yourself in my vault.
I can hardly fault you for helping someone see his friend on Christmas day.
It was very noble of you."
"But he died," Harry said, his voice cracking a little.
"It's my fault, if I hadn't let him—I mean, it was obviously illegal too..." "My boy, you couldn't have known," said the old wizard, and Harry shook his head, even though he knew the man was right, at least about Nalrod's death.
"Sometimes, good deeds have terrible consequences.
That doesn't mean we should stop trying to do good deeds, stop doing what we think is right.
You can't know what will happen."
Harry nodded, even though he didn't believe what the man was saying.
It didn't matter if he had thought it was the right thing at the time, if the consequences could be so awful.
He ought to have thought it through better.
Knockturn Alley was dangerous for children to traverse alone.
Harry had known that, but he hadn't taken the warning seriously, and someone else had paid for it.
"Now, you must be eager to be getting home.
Do you have a guardian I can contact?"
the man asked.
"Er, Jochen Peters," said Harry, hoping the false name would work.
"We live in Knockturn."
The old man seemed concerned by that, so Harry added quickly, "I don't go out by myself.
I mean I was only alone for a little, in Diagon Alley."
"I checked with the auror office to see if anyone reported a missing child recently, but there was nothing.
Do you know why your guardian wouldn't have reported it?"
the wizard asked.
He didn't sound suspicious, but it was obvious that he was.
"Er, he's half vampire," Harry said, the remainder of a plausible story thankfully coming to him easily.
"He doesn't like dealing with the Ministry, so maybe he was waiting, to see if he could find me or if I'd come back."
The man nodded, though he looked pensive.
"I will take you to your home, then," he finally said.
"My house is not connected to the floo network, so we must apparate."
With a casual swish of his wand, the nightgown Harry wore was transfigured into black robes.
Instinctively, he reached down to pat his pocket, and found that his wand was already there.
"Thanks," he said, relieved and a little amazed that he was simply to be returned home like this, no further questions asked.
The man nodded and held out his arm.
There must have been a designated apparition spot in Diagon Alley, or perhaps it was just convenient, but they appeared exactly where Petri and Harry had the previous morning, although unlike on Christmas Day the Alley was bustling with activity and the archway that led to the Leaky Cauldron was open to admit a steady stream of witches and wizards.
"Lead the way," said the man, when they reached the entrance to Knockturn.
Despite himself, Harry felt a little wary walking down the street and retracing Nalrod's steps, but they made it without incident.
The man seemed a bit surprised when they stopped in front of the cemetery.
"I live here.
I mean, past the graveyard there's some places," Harry said, not entirely willing to admit outright that he lived in a coffin.
"It's not too far, then?"
the man asked.
"No," said Harry.
"I can go on my own," he added, as the man seemed simultaneously to want and not want to leave him, by the conflicted expression on his face.
"Best of luck, then, my boy," said the man.
"Do be careful."
"Thanks," said Harry.
"Wait, what's your name?"
The man hesitated, and then said, "Nic.
It was good meeting you, Harry."
"Good meeting you too, Nic," said Harry, though he felt a little sceptical still about the wizard's attitude.
The whole situation of their meeting was probably the opposite of good.
Still, Harry was home.
He said the password ("Honoria Nutcombe") and the chains slithered over each other until they no longer crossed, allowing him to push open the cemetery gate.
Instead of taking the main path, he cut through the yew grove, ducking under the twisted, low-hanging branches and weaving through a haphazard row of tombstones.
"Harry!"
a familiar voice called, and he glanced up, his heart skipping a beat as he locked eyes with Silviu.
"Er, Silviu," he managed to say, and though he had the sudden impulse to run, he repressed it, too cognisant of how Nalrod had tried running already, and how that had failed miserably.
"Are you all right?"
Silviu asked, stepping off the path and coming towards him.
Harry stood his ground, stopping his unruly foot from taking a step back against his will.
"I'm fine," Harry said, almost mumbling.
"I found a goblin impersonating you yesterday," Silviu said.
A spark of rage ignited inside Harry, and he clenched his fists.
Had Silviu simply made a mistake, assumed the worst?
But that was even worse than if he had just attacked out of malice, or lost control, or something of that sort.
Harry's thoughts raced so quickly that they became a jumbled mess, and he felt lightheaded.
"That was my friend," he said, or thought he said.
He blinked, his vision greying alarmingly for a moment, and Silviu had somehow got right next to him, and was kneeling down and looking at him worriedly.
"Are you all right?"
Silviu asked, and hadn't he just asked the same thing a moment ago?
"I'm fine," said Harry again, shaking his head to try to clear it, but that only served to make him dizzy.
"Should I walk you to your home?"
asked Silviu.
"No, I'm fine," Harry repeated, pushing the vampire away rather harshly.
Silviu fell back gracefully and let him go as he stumbled his way towards the field of coffin houses.
When he had progressed far enough for it not to be embarrassing Harry stopped for a moment to steady himself on a nearby gravestone, flummoxed at his sudden exhaustion.
Maybe it was hunger, or thirst, that was getting to him.
He hadn't eaten anything since yesterday noon, before he and Petri had gone to Diagon Alley, so it had been nearly a full day.
There was a stale, rusty taste in his mouth.
At the casket door, Harry reached into his pocket and realised very quickly that he didn't have his key.
It was lost down in Gringotts, along with his original robes and the other things in his pocket that weren't his wand.
At least he had had the thought to take his wand.
Would the goblins find his discarded robes?
Would they be able to use them to find out who he was?
It was a scary prospect, but there wasn't anything Harry could do about it even if they could.
He grit his teeth and resolved not to think about it.
He rapped on the coffin door, but there was no response.
Maybe Petri was in the trunk and couldn't hear him, or else he was out.
"Rosenkol," Harry tried calling, but no elf appeared.
He frowned and sat down on the lid to wait, wondering a little uneasily what he was supposed to do if Petri didn't come.
He didn't have to worry, however, because Petri showed up before long.
At the sight of Harry sitting on the door to their home, he stared for a long moment.
Then his face twisted in fury, and Harry felt like his heart had dropped down into his stomach.
"So, you're alive," said Petri.
"Get up."
Harry scrambled to his feet, a little confused, but then remembered that he had been blocking the door.
Petri tapped it with his wand in lieu of using the key and the casket lid sprang open.
Wordlessly, he beckoned for Harry to precede him down the steps.
It was dark inside, but with a negligent gesture from Petri bluebell flames sprung to life in a multitude of glass bowls scattered around the room.
He turned away briefly to shut the door, and then rounded on Harry.
"I knew it was foolish to leave you by yourself," he said, his German slow and deliberate, almost hissed.
"I almost expected that you wouldn't be there.
I waited, of course.
Perhaps you had lost track of time.
After a certain point, I had to resign myself to reality.
I went to Knockturn Alley, and can you imagine what far-fetched story our landlord, that vampire, told me?"
He was almost spitting, and Harry tried to back up, only to find that he was already standing against the wall.
He shook his head, even though he had a very good idea.
"He'd found a goblin, a goblin, wearing your face, walking up the Alley in broad daylight.
And naturally, being the law-abiding citizen he is, the vampire saw an opportunity and ate the creature!"
Petri cried.
Harry flinched at the confirmation of Nalrod's fate.
"Naturally, I wouldn't believe him without evidence, that is, believe that he hadn't killed you outright and invented a ridiculous story to excuse himself, so he kindly," Petri said this very sarcastically, "gave me the body.
I thought it was a joke.
It looked just like you."
Petri took a deep breath, and Harry thought he almost sounded distressed, but that couldn't be right.
Why would he care if Harry died?
He'd had other apprentices, other very dead apprentices, so it wouldn't have been something new.
"But he was right, it was a goblin.
I'm sure you know who it was.
We had a very nice conversation about you," said Petri.
"You've talked?"
Harry asked, bewildered.
"Idiot boy!"
Petri spat, "Necromancy."
"Oh," said Harry very faintly, feeling a little ill. "Can—can I talk to him?"
"No," Petri said with distinct finality, and Harry didn't dare protest.
"What are you good for but trouble?"
Petri asked.
Harry continued to keep his mouth shut.
Petri sighed deeply before inhaling in a measured way, as if to calm himself.
"Nalrod Snipseed," he said, confirming that he had talked to precisely the right dead goblin, "seemed to be convinced that you would be as dead as he was when the goblins found out about you.
The thing was distraught, as if it had a right to be.
I didn't dare scry for you," Petri said, fists clenching.
"I can't afford to lose another apprentice."
Of course that would be his reason for concern.
Harry felt anger flare up, despite himself.
"Why not?"
he asked.
It was lightning-quick.
Petri's wand practically appeared in his empty hand and Harry saw the flash of light before he heard the word, "Crucio!"
and then he heard himself screaming.
He was on the ground and his knee was throbbing where it had struck the floorboards, and the curse couldn't have been on him for more than a second, but Harry was shaking.
He glanced up and saw that Petri had pocketed his wand again and was not looking at him.
"You must be hungry," Petri said at length, finally turning around once Harry had managed to pull himself back to his feet.
Harry blinked incredulously at this comment.
Was Petri simply going to now pretend that nothing had ever happened?
It seemed to be a special talent of his.
"I'm starving, and dying of thirst," Harry said carefully, supposing that this was their truce.
Petri conjured a little glass bowl, and then conjured water to fill it with.
Harry took it and sipped at it, relishing the coolness against his parched throat.
He couldn't resist gulping the rest down, though he immediately felt a little queasy afterwards.
Then Petri handed him a familiar nutritive potion, because of course there was no real food in the house.
Harry tipped it into his mouth anyway.
It wasn't the time to complain.
With a last glance at Petri, who was watching him with an unreadable expression, Harry turned to his bed and stumbled over into its inviting warmth.
He dreamt of Silviu and fire and pain, and woke up shuddering, the echo of the cruciatus curse dancing across his skin.
His neck hurt.
He rubbed at it, which made it worse, and froze as his fingers came away wet.
He brought them close to his face and saw something dark and glistening.
Harry sprang out of bed and ran to the toilet.
It was dark, so he fumbled for his wand, but was surprised for a moment to find that his clothes had changed back to the Gringotts uniform at some point, any transfiguration having worn off.
He found his wand in the back pocket, and stuck the tip in the jar by the door.
"Incendio," he said, and his wand spat out an orange spark.
Gritting his teeth, he tried the spell again, this time wiggling his wand in a slightly rounder way, and a small blue tongue of flame shot out and curled up in the jar.
Close enough.
He turned to the mirror that had been hung up above the washbasin and nearly flinched at his own appearance, dishevelled and lit up by eerie blue flame.
"You look positively dreadful," the mirror commented, and Harry scowled.
His scowl was replaced by a grimace as he confirmed that his hand, was, in fact, bloodstained, and that the blood had come from his neck, just under the high collar of his shirt.
He unbuttoned the uniform slightly and tilted back his head, but it was difficult to find an angle where he could see the wound properly.
"Aren't you a little young for a love bite?"
asked the mirror.
"Shut up," Harry said rather forcefully, and with a tinge of fear.
It sounded almost like something Silviu might say.
He still couldn't see properly, but he was almost sure that there were twin puncture marks in his throat.
He washed his hand in the basin and watched a little numbly as the little red cloud in the water disappeared under the purity enchantment.
He scooped up some water to wash the blood from his neck.
He winced as his fingers snagged on a half-peeled scab.
How had he received this bite?
Wouldn't he remember something like this?
He tried in vain to pull up some recollection, but his mind kept jumping back to the image of Silviu's fiery eyes, of Nalrod's last moments.
That wasn't his memory.
There was no way the magic could have given him Nalrod's wound, was there?
Harry stepped out of the toilet and was surprised to see the room fully lit by bluebell flames and Petri approaching him in his nightgown.
"Why are you up?
Go back to sleep," Petri said.
"It's still the middle of the—what's that?"
His eyes zeroed in on Harry's wound.
"I don't know," Harry said, more calmly than he felt, "but it looks like a vampire bite."
Before he could voice any theory, Petri had closed the distance in two strides and was shining a bright beam of light at him from his wand.
Harry winced and shut his eyes against the glare.
"That animal," Petri snarled.
"How did you get back from Gringotts yesterday?
Did you walk through Knockturn?
You had to, you didn't have money to floo."
Harry realised that he had never got the opportunity to explain his side of the story, nor why he had been detained at Gringotts for so long.
Petri must have assumed that the goblins had found him out, which was true, in a way.
Harry decided he would rather keep the details blurry.
"There was someone with me," Harry said, "a wizard.
He helped me, er, escape the bank."
"Who?"
Petri asked.
"Er, he said his name was Nic.
He's really old."
Harry flushed at the rather lackluster description.
"He walked you all the way here?"
Petri asked.
"Well, not quite, just up to the gate," Harry said, a sinking feeling in his chest.
"I saw Silviu in the cemetery, after.
But he didn't do anything."
"You don't remember him doing anything," Petri corrected, frowning deeply.
"You mean he memory charmed me?"
Harry asked, feeling a little sick.
Silviu could have done literally anything to him!
Well, probably he had just bitten Harry and taken some blood, but still.
It was deeply violating to find out about it second hand.
"Something like that, most likely," said Petri.
"Mind magic is a special talent of vampires."
"But it was during the day," Harry protested.
"I thought vampires can't use their magic during the day?"
"Then perhaps it was a regular memory charm," said Petri, "Recall that our friend here has a wand and knows how to use it."
Of course half vampires could do magic whenever, as Harry had researched, but he hadn't realised that it was on account of having a wand.
He felt increasingly ill, if that was even possible, and had to swallow thickly.
That only provoked a twinge in his neck.
He grit his teeth.
"Yes, that would explain why you even remember his presence at all," Petri said.
"Memory charms are not overly precise."
"What do I do?"
Harry asked a little despairingly.
"Do?"
Petri repeated.
"You'll learn every possible way of repelling a vampire.
I should have taught you before, but I thought it would be too difficult."
Harry frowned.
There were a lot of things he would have liked to have known before, like a spell to blow up a warded iron door, but he suspected that Petri would have thought it too difficult as well, and would probably have been right.
"What about this?"
Harry asked, gesturing to his wound, which seemed to have clotted again.
"It will be a minor curse scar," said Petri.
"It's nothing compared to that one on your forehead."
"A curse?"
Harry repeated, alarmed.
"I won't become a vampire, will I?"
"No," said Petri immediately, and Harry was relieved.
"As long as you do not die within the next few years."
Harry was less relieved.
A/N: Nice chap, Silviu is.
Anyway, thanks for reading, and I hope you enjoyed it.
And happy birthday to Harry Potter in real life date.
shes were not supposed to burn, but Nalrod's ashes burned a violent red, casting the pensieve engravings in a hellish glow.
This piece of necromancy was surprisingly easy, Harry thought.
All he had had to do was cast a fire-making charm with the wish to see what had happened to Nalrod, to understand.
He needed desperately to understand.
Why had Silviu intended to attack him?
Because there was no doubt of it in Harry's mind now.
Silviu had probably not meant to kill Harry, since he had his attack opportunity the next day and left him alive, but he had targeted him.
On the other hand, he had murdered Nalrod outright.
Petri had tried to explain to Harry why the vampire had gone for the kill upon realising that "Harry" was actually Nalrod.
Normally, a vampire would go after the same wizard or witch victim several times before finally killing them, if they could, because there was more magic in the blood than could be consumed at once, and vampires drank blood to collect the magic that their own closed-loop flows could not extract from the environment.
Goblins, however, not only carried less magic than wizards, their magic was also more similar to vampire magic and therefore more easily assimilated.
Harry didn't think that Petri's explanation really got to the root of the matter, however.
Silviu hadn't needed to kill Nalrod at all.
He hadn't been starving to death.
He didn't just drink blood to survive.
It was obvious in the way he flaunted his illegal wand whenever he could get away with it, the way he had enough extra magic to do power-intensive spells like conjurations, that he had had a surplus of victims.
The only explanation was that he just did not care.
Still, it didn't sit well with Harry that Silviu could act so normally with people all while considering them as nothing more than food.
How could anybody be so evil without giving off any sign of it until it was too late?
Harry instinctively wanted to give the vampire the benefit of the doubt, even though it was beyond obvious that he didn't deserve it.
Looking into the crimson fire hurt Harry's eyes, but in a good way.
The colour reminded him of Silviu's eyes when he revealed his true, monstrous self.
He could see it too, more vividly than ever—Nalrod's final memory.
The fire sharpened the vision to precision clarity.
Silviu had called Harry's name, and Nalrod, not wishing to interact with someone acquainted with Harry, simply pretended he hadn't heard.
Then Silviu had closed the distance instantly, somehow, like apparition but smooth and insidious.
Nalrod could sense how he had disappeared and reappeared seamlessly in the most alarming manner.
The goblin had tried to run.
Not deterred, Silviu sped up and grasped him by the shoulder.
The mistake was in trying to push him away—Nalrod revealed his goblin hands and Silviu remarked them immediately.
Silviu threw him against the wall with such force that bones cracked.
He obviously had intended to commit murder at the outset.
Then the world was swallowed up by Silviu's eyes; it must have been some kind of vampire mind trick.
Harry tore his gaze from the rapidly dying flames.
It went dark, and when Harry cast lumos to inspect the pensieve, he saw only a murky, red sludge that reminded him of dried blood.
Shuddering, he put his wand to his temple and focused on his vision, pulling away a strand of silver, which splashed into the bowl.
He stirred it with his wand and gradually it mixed with what remained of Nalrod to form a dark grey soup.
According to Petri's outline of the process, there would be other memories in there, lines of fate that led up to Nalrod's death.
Any experiences with or knowledge about vampires, perhaps.
Details about whom he had been visiting, almost certainly.
Harry didn't really want to see any of them, because it was private and felt like stealing, but at the same time he had finished the final desecration of Nalrod's remains, and it would be a waste not to put it to use.
Feeling miserable, Harry shoved his face in the bowl with perhaps more force than necessary.
It didn't matter, because as soon as the tip of his nose met the memories his world went dark and he was tumbling through a sea of fog.
He landed in the depths of Gringotts, inside a vault, and was unable to repress a shudder at the reminder of being trapped with no hope of escape.
The door to this vault was open, however, and Nalrod was standing just outside it in his scarlet uniform.
The inside of the vault was rather pitiful.
There was a small pile of knuts and only five sickles.
The paltry sum looked comical in the centre of such a large space.
A woman wearing threadbare, faded brown robes stood at the threshold.
Long clumps of stringy blond hair hanging from her bowed head obscured her face as she bent down with obvious difficulty and scooped up a fistful of knuts.
Her hand shook as it reached up to slide the money into her pocket.
She shuffled out of the vault, and as she passed Harry glimpsed her face.
He felt a strong impression of wonder, and the memory grew sharper.
The woman's skin was dark and cracked from the sun, especially her face.
The bags under her eyes were almost as bad as Silviu's during the day, and there was a long, raised scar across the bridge of her nose.
Harry was somewhat repulsed by her appearance but it was obvious that Nalrod was enamoured.
Fog cascaded onto the scene, obscuring everything and then clearing to show Nalrod at the post office.
"What do you mean, the letter couldn't be delivered?"
the goblin demanded.
The witch at the counter scowled.
"Are you simple?
The owl came back.
The address doesn't exist," she said.
Harry was taken aback by her rudeness.
Nalrod seemed unfazed.
"There's a name.
You must have pretty low quality owls here."
"It's a fake name.
There's no such person as Annette Yaxley.
Everybody knows how Corban Yaxley's the last of his line," said the clerk.
"Are you suggesting Gringotts let a non-existent person open an account?"
said Nalrod.
"It's impossible."
"I'm saying we can't deliver this letter," the witch said, sighing loudly.
"Go deliver it yourself, if you're so sure it's a real person, or go back to Gringotts.
Either way, you don't have any business here."
"Fine," said Nalrod, and he turned dramatically on his heel and left the building.
Fog rolled.
When it cleared the scene was eerily parallel to that of Nalrod's death.
The goblin hurried down Knockturn Alley, drawing his cloak tightly about him.
Even in the middle of the day the narrow alley was gloomy, the tall buildings on either side casting deep shadows.
Nalrod had a letter clutched in his hand again, but this one was obviously stamped with the red Gringotts seal, and was official.
Someone apparated directly in front of of Nalrod, and despite himself, Harry jumped.
Nalrod, not so fortunate as to be intangible, shrieked and stumbled backwards, falling onto the dirty cobblestones.
Harry studied the new arrival.
He looked very familiar.
It took him a few moments to place it as Silviu, except the vampire looked positively ancient, with a wrinkled face and wispy white hair.
"You're not welcome here," said Silviu, his voice steady despite the appearance of frailty.
"I'm on Gringotts business," said Nalrod, picking himself up and holding up his letter, now a little smudged with dirt.
Silviu snatched the letter out of his grasp with lightning speed, eliciting an indignant, "Hey!"
Ignoring the goblin's protests, he turned the letter over, examined the address, and then pocketed it.
"I will ensure that this reaches the right hands.
Now, get out of my alley, and do not return," he said.
"I demand you," Nalrod began, but what he demanded was not to be discovered because Silviu snatched him up by his lapels, choking off the rest of his words.
He held the skinny goblin there for a long moment and watched him struggle, before dropping him unceremoniously onto the ground.
"Out," the vampire hissed, his eyes flashing.
Nalrod ran.
As he turned, Silviu grew blurry, but Harry could see that he took a step back into the shadows, even though he continued to watch the retreating goblin.
Right.
It was broad daylight.
And then it was dark again as the memory ended.
Why didn't Silviu want Nalrod in the alley?
And what did he mean his alley?
The fog cleared and Harry saw that it was the woman at her vault again.
"Ma'am, did you get the notice of your rate change?"
"Rate change?"
the woman asked at length, looking rather surprised at being addressed.
Nalrod grumbled something under his breath.
"Gringotts sent you a letter," he said, more clearly.
"Oh," said the woman, her eyes brightening.
"This letter.
I received it."
And, as she spoke, she pulled a rumpled letter out of the folds of her robes.
It was Nalrod's turn to look surprised.
Harry saw why when he peered closer—the seal was unbroken.
"You didn't read it?"
Nalrod demanded.
The woman glanced down, abashed.
"I don't know how to read," she said.
"But thank you for sending it, if it was important."
Nalrod stared at her in incomprehension.
"It's just a notice that fees are increasing by half a percent starting next quar—I mean, two months from now."
"How much is that?"
the woman asked, glancing worriedly at her tiny pile of money.
"A knut a year, for you," said Nalrod, his voice dropping to a mutter.
A knut was probably still a lot for someone who did not even have a galleon to her name.
Harry compared it to Petri's thousands.
If they could only give this woman a single one, she would be at least twice as rich.
It was just a memory, he reminded himself.
But this woman was probably still out there somewhere.
"All right," said the woman in the memory, and she barely looked disappointed or worried.
There was an air of quiet acquiescence about her, like she had got used to accepting everything in the same way because nothing she did ever mattered.
Harry knew that feeling, knew it from watching Aunt Petunia favour Dudley over him whenever it was remotely possible, but he had never felt it about everything.
And this woman couldn't even read.
Harry could scarcely imagine it.
If he couldn't read, he would be dead.
He would never have been able make it past the first few weeks of his apprenticeship, his at that time theoretical apprenticeship, without books.
How could he possibly have remembered everything Petri had said?
Even a remembrall only helped so much, especially when the man could make offhand comments full of critical information at any time.
The woman had a posh accent, Harry noticed, which only confused him further.
If someone had taught her to speak like that, why not teach her to read too?
When he looked up again, the woman had exited the vault, and was staring at something.
Harry walked around her, still not entirely comfortable with walking through people, and saw that that something was Nalrod's hand, laden with sickles.
"Take this," said Nalrod, with no explanation at all.
"I'm sorry, I can't," said the woman, shaking her head.
"I don't need—I don't want it."
Nalrod turned and tossed the coins into the vault, where they clattered to the ground.
"They're yours now," he said.
"Even if you don't want them."
He turned away, and Harry got the sense that he was embarrassed.
"Thank you," said the woman a little stiffly.
"Snipseed, right?"
"Yes, but call me Nalrod," said Nalrod.
"I'm Annette," said the woman.
"Annette Vlaicu."
"Not Yaxley?"
Nalrod asked.
"Not any longer," said Annette, looking away.
Then Harry found himself rudely spat back into reality, feeling like his head had been ejected from the pensieve by a spring.
He stumbled back and landed painfully on his tail bone.
That was the end of it?
Indignant, he picked himself up and prodded at the memories with his wand, but all he got was vapour in the form of Annette and Nalrod, talking to each other inaudibly.
He sighed and turned away from the pensieve.
Harry considered the shelf of empty crystal phials, and picked the one on the end.
He stuck his wand in the pensieve again and let the vapours play out their story and accrue on the tip, before he directed the silver strand into the phial.
He just needed to keep the one.
The rest could be allowed to evaporate.
He was so distracted as he left the trunk that he barely flinched at casting the severing charm at himself.
After the incident with Ulrich's arm, Harry had been terrified that if he tried to cut himself he would accidentally chop his own arm off, even though he knew intellectually that it was completely impossible to do such a thing unless he genuinely wanted that result.
Indeed, the charm made a much shallower cut than he could manage with one of Petri's too-sharp knives, one which almost did not hurt.
Episkey was also an excellent charm that made Harry far less afraid of surface wounds.
His cut healed without a trace.
When Harry surfaced, Petri was sitting at the table, reading the newspaper.
"Did you see what you wanted?"
he asked, without looking up.
Harry thought about how to answer that question, and finally decided to avoid it.
"I saw some things," he said vaguely, pulling up a chair.
"Do vampires hate goblins?
In general?"
"If they do, I'm not aware of it," said Petri, peering at Harry over the edge of his newspaper.
"Nalrod tried to go into Knockturn once, and Silviu practically threw him out," Harry said.
"Vampires are very territorial," Petri acknowledged.
"What, and Silviu thinks the whole alley is his territory, or something?"
Harry asked a little incredulously.
"Not unlikely," said Petri.
"He's certainly powerful."
"But you said you could beat him," Harry said, "with dark magic."
"With necromancy," Petri said.
"But it is a last resort."
"With necromancy, how?"
Harry asked.
"Necromancy is almost always about finding the lines of fate," Petri said.
"When you understand the lines of fate, then you can change them.
A vampire acts on many lines of fate, so to defeat one, you must take control of those lines."
"I don't understand," said Harry.
"If there's fate, does that mean the future is already set in stone?"
Petri shook his head.
"Each thing is caused by another thing, yes?"
he asked.
Harry nodded.
"Sometimes many things.
A line of things that cause each other is a line of fate.
They come together and break apart.
But someone's last fate is death.
Their lines end.
From that point you can follow them and find where they came from, as you did with the pensieve."
"Okay, but what does that have to do with fighting vampires?
Can you move all their fate lines together and kill them?"
Harry asked.
Petri laughed, as if pleasantly surprised.
"Perhaps you could travel back in time and change critical things, yes, but that is not what I meant."
"Time travel is possible?"
Harry demanded.
"With a special device," said Petri.
Harry was completely dumbfounded to hear this.
There were time machines.
This fact hardly seemed to faze Petri, and he continued: "But what I meant, is that when you understand the lines of fate, you understand everything which moves someone.
If you know these motivations, you can control them.
Unlike a human, a vampire has a time of death that you can use to follow the lines of fate without fail."
"Without fail" turned out to be a rather large stretch, as Harry found himself failing very much at this exercise even on dead spiders.
It probably did not help that he found the whole thing a little circuitous—first he reanimated the dead spider and then tried to get control of it, control which he had purposefully given up in the reanimation process.
He did understand the point.
The control of animation was direct control, and the spider could only act as a puppet, however he wanted it to.
The control of necromancy was much more complex and delicate, and allowed him to give the spider larger, more autonomous tasks, in theory.
In practice, Harry was not sure what kinds of tasks a spider would be able to do anyway.
"Is this really the only way to ward off vampires?"
Harry asked after several hours worth of fruitless attempts, a little doubtful that the common wizard would have to know an illegal necromancy technique or be defenceless.
If that were the case, he couldn't see why vampires hadn't gone and taken over the world.
"It is the least risky way," said Petri.
"But there are other ways?"
Harry pressed.
"It might be the least risky, but it's no good if I can't get it to work."
"You could duel," said Petri rather sardonically, and Harry scowled.
"Other ways of fighting vampires are unlikely to work on our friend."
"Why?
Because he has a wand?"
Harry asked.
"Exactly because he has a wand, and knows how to use it.
A vanishing charm easily cancels garlic.
If you try an amulet or holy water, he will simply jinx you," said Petri.
"Holy water?"
Harry asked, surprised that something like that would really work.
"It's a purification potion," said Petri.
"It also suppresses sympathetic magic."
"What is sympathetic magic?"
Harry asked.
"Nic said it's what Nalrod used to trade faces with me, but what is it?"
"As it is called, it is magic done with sympathy instead of willpower," said Petri.
"Very difficult for wizards but natural for most other beings."
"Oh," said Harry, even though he did not understand entirely.
He supposed that if it was easily understood, it wouldn't be something that was difficult for wizards.
"So Silviu is even stronger than a normal wizard, because he also has this sympathetic magic?"
"His spellcasting is unlikely to match a wizard's, but he will have more than enough for you to worry about," said Petri.
Given that Harry knew all of two remotely offensive spells, he expected even a muggle would give him trouble in a fight.
Silviu would probably not even need to resort to his wand.
Harry recalled how the vampire had incapacitated Nalrod through sheer physical force, by slamming him into a wall.
He didn't like the thought, but it seemed more and more like the subtle necromancy approach might be his only hope.
"So what am I supposed to do?"
Harry asked, hoping the answer was not, "practice."
"Perhaps you can learn to conjure large amounts of garlic," said Petri.
He sounded serious, so Harry swallowed the urge to laugh abjectly, and only made a face.
Petri stared at his wand in consideration for a minute or two, presumably trying to figure out how to manage such a conjuration, before he said, "Orchideous," and a bunch of tightly-packed purple flowers sprouted from his wand tip.
Harry sneezed violently, his eyes and nose immediately watering as if someone had chopped onions right in his face.
Seeing this, Petri vanished his conjuration.
Harry wheezed.
"It appears that you are now allergic to garlic," Petri said.
"A side effect of the curse, most likely.
Pity; it could have worked."
Harry groaned miserably as he retreated to the toilet to blow his nose.
How ironic that the only thing that might have helped him, was equally irritating to him.
He could just imagine chasing Silviu away with a bouquet of purple flowers, the vampire sneezing uncontrollably.
"Roses, perhaps?"
Petri asked.
He said, "Orchideous," again, and this time thorny red roses shot from his wand.
Harry's nose did not try running away this time, but as he reached cautiously to pick up a flower it was like the thorns had sensed him coming and moved themselves into the path of his hand.
He winced at the deep cut on the pad of his finger.
It burned horribly, and when he tried to wipe away his tears the burning feeling went into his eye.
He screamed.
"Don't touch your face, or anything, actually," Petri advised unnecessarily.
Harry had figured that much out for himself.
His eye still felt like it was on fire.
"What do I do?"
Tears were streaming down his face and dripping from his chin, but he didn't dare move.
"It will fade," said Petri.
How unhelpful.
Harry ran in the approximate direction of the toilet, again, and managed for his trouble to hit his head on the wall.
He felt around until he managed to find the basin and dunked his face inside.
It seemed to alleviate the pain a little.
Eventually, it did fade, as Petri had said, and a damp and displeased Harry returned to the room.
"What am I supposed to do if all of his weaknesses are mine too?"
He could just imagine shooting roses out of his wand, only to have Silviu levitate them all back at him.
His eye twitched at the thought.
"There's holy water," said Petri.
"You don't have any sympathetic magic to suppress in the first place, so it will not affect you."
"Great.
Let's get some holy water, then," said Harry.
"Unfortunately, it is a restricted potion," said Petri, dashing the last of his hopes.
"The best you can do is find some cleaning products that contain it.
During the day it might be enough."
Something was better than nothing, and that was how they ended up at the Spiny Serpent Supply Shop at the corner of Knockturn and Diagon.
Just outside the shop there were some gigantic vase-like cauldrons of Frank's Fertilization Fluid, for gardening, that were on sale.
Wind chimes tinkled as they pushed open the door.
It was very dim inside, the only source of illumination the weak sunlight filtering through the grimy windows and a single, black candle at the counter.
Behind it, on a tall wooden stool, sat a toothless hag wearing a disproportionately large pointed hat that covered her eyes.
They split up to search the shelves for cleaning potions.
Harry saw things like Slug and Snail solution and Flesh-Eating Slug Repellent near the entrance.
On the opposite shelf there were remedies like burn healing paste, Pepper-Up potion, and skeleton restoration elixir ("compare to Skele-Gro!"
read the lurid green label).
Skele-Gro was also available on the highest shelf, but it cost twice as much.
"Here," Petri called, and Harry followed his voice up several aisles.
Petri was holding a tall flask of a bright blue potion that looked like muggle dish soap.
Harry glanced past him and froze.
At the end of the aisle stood a familiar woman, trailing long fingers over a row of potion bottles.
There was a shining silver pin in her otherwise unkempt hair.
It was Annette Yaxley, or Vlaicu, or whatever her name was.
Harry was sure of it.
"This one is only one percent," said Petri, pulling Harry over to show him the label.
Harry nodded distractedly, trying to move surreptitiously closer to the woman.
Nonchalantly, he grabbed another potion of the shelf to look at.
"Two percent," he said, finding the warning label and locating "purification potion" on the list.
"Are you looking for a strong cleaning potion?"
Harry turned to find the woman looking directly at him.
It was definitely Annette; the long, pale scar across her swarthy face confirmed it.
"Mrs. Skower's Magical Mess Remover is the best one," she told them.
Harry put the potion in his hand back on the shelf and took down a bottle of Mrs. Skower's.
It was labelled with the same green ink as the skeleton potion he'd seen earlier.
Annette was right; it was five percent purification potion, more than twice as much as the others.
"Thanks," he said, looking over at her uncertainly.
Unable to think of something better, he blurted, "I like your pin."
"Thank you," said Annette.
"It was a gift from a friend."
Harry fought the urge to cringe.
Then it occurred to him that something was off.
Nalrod hadn't had the opportunity to give his present to Annette.
He had been attacked by Silviu on his way there.
The best explanation, then, was that Silviu had delivered the pin to her, just like with the Gringotts letter.
Did Annette even know that Nalrod was dead?
Harry studied her face, and saw the same apathy he'd noticed in the memories.
It didn't seem to be grief.
"Your friend," Harry said, pausing a little, but then overcoming his hesitation.
"Was he a goblin?
It's just, it looks goblin-made."
"A goblin?"
she asked, looking so surprised that Harry almost thought he had made a mistake.
"No, he's..." she seemed to realise something, because she glanced around quickly, and then said, "Sorry, I need to go," and practically ran out of the shop.
"Was that Annette Vlaicu?"
Petri asked.
"You know her?"
Harry asked in astonishment.
"In the same way you do, I imagine," said Petri, and Harry remembered that Petri had been the first to do necromancy on Nalrod.
"She had Nalrod's pin," Harry said.
"I mean, the one he wanted to give her."
"Hm," said Petri, and took the bottle of Mrs. Skower's out of Harry's hands.
Harry glanced at the hag behind the counter, who was very purposefully not looking in their direction, and fell silent.
"Ten knuts," said the hag.
Petri paid her and they hurried out of the shop.
"She was human?"
Petri asked as they walked down the alley.
"Huh?"
asked Harry.
"Annette Vlaicu, she was human?"
Petri repeated impatiently.
"Oh, uh, yes?
I think so," said Harry.
"Nalrod mentioned she was, too."
"Odd.
I assumed she was a vampire as well," said Petri.
"Why?"
Harry asked.
Petri looked at him oddly, like it was obvious.
"Silviu Vlaicu," Petri said.
"I thought she was related to him."
Vlaicu—that was Silviu's surname?
Harry was thrown.
Then he remembered, "Yaxley.
She used to be Annette Yaxley, but in the memory, in one of Nalrod's memories, she said it wasn't her name any more."
"Ah," said Petri, as if everything had become clear.
"What is it?"
Harry asked.
"She must have been disowned," said Petri.
"Yaxley is a pure-blood family name, I believe.
They would not agree with mixing with vampires and goblins."
Harry wasn't convinced by this explanation.
Why had Annette taken on Silviu's surname?
Were they married?
But if that was the case, why would Nalrod have been interested in her?
It would make sense then that Silviu was so negative about Nalrod, but something was still not right.
Annette was poor, Harry remembered.
If she and Silviu were married, or something of the sort, surely that would not be the case?
Silviu owned a shop and land that he rented out.
He definitely had a substantial amount of gold to his name.
Something definitely did not add up.
A/N: Happy Yuletide, Merry Christmas; whatever.
Sorry not to have updated for so long.
I hit a wall with this arc that I'm only slowly breaking through.
There's one more chapter's worth, I think, and then for all those who are excited for Harry to finally go to school, that arc will begin the chapter after tha.
trands of moonlight pierced through the mist like so many glistening spiderwebs.
Where it touched his clammy skin he felt a feverish glow, and it prompted him to advance with increasing desperation, heedless of the ice and snow crunching between his bare toes.
The shade of a bent yew yawned widely like the maw of gigantic beast, lined with frosty fangs.
He entered the tunnel unflinchingly.
On the other side, he emerged in a puddle of harsh white light that poured from the gibbous moon overhead.
"It's always daylight," said Harry to himself, standing in only his nightgown in the clearing behind the spired mausoleum.
The tip of its pointed shadow threatened to spear his foot.
In the distance, an owl hooted, the only sound in an otherwise silent night.
"Daylight?"
asked the swirling mist around his ankles.
"When I see you," said Harry, looking straight ahead at the dusty brick wall that demarcated the land of the dead.
"When you are able to see me," corrected the shadow extending beneath him.
Gradually, Harry became aware that he was not dreaming.
The numbness in his feet had given way to a prickling pain.
He blinked blearily; it was too bright to focus.
The shadow rose up and seemed to coalesce, blocking the light.
Silviu's pallid face took after the moon, his sunken cheeks like grey craters.
His eyes were dying embers.
They glinted red, but a moment later cooled to coal black.
The chill of the winter night struck Harry all at once, and he stumbled back, unable to comprehend how he had come to be there.
His frozen feet could not support him, and he toppled into the snow, which cut him with his icy corners and seeped unforgivingly through his nightgown.
The shock of it only encouraged his panic and he kicked and clawed at the too-yielding ground, finding perilously little purchase.
Silviu stepped forward, unhurriedly, and easily overtook Harry's paltry attempt at retreat.
The vampire bent down and, in one swift motion, picked him up without breaking his stride.
Harry was so surprised that his arms snapped forward reflexively to wrap around Silviu's torso.
Then he remembered that he was trying to escape.
Twisting and turning did nothing but encourage a tighter grip, and soon Harry was more occupied managing to breathe than he was with struggling.
In between moments of tunnelling vision, he expected a sharp pain in his neck.
None came.
Silviu relaxed his hold enough for him to catch his breath.
He finally noticed that the vampire was warm, far warmer than the night air, though that was not much of a feat.
Still, it meant that he was full of blood, stolen blood.
Harry considered his options.
He wasn't anywhere near physically strong enough to break the vampire's grip, and even if he were, he wasn't fast enough to run away either, especially not when he knew Silviu could apparate.
Where were they going?
How had Silviu—how had it come to this?
Harry was sure he had been sleeping in his bed just as always.
Petri had wards to stop people from breaking in.
Had Silviu found some loophole because he was the landlord?
Harry tried to focus on the present; it didn't matter what had happened.
He needed to escape.
But he was wandless, and magic did not seem to be eagerly jumping to his aid.
His breath was unpleasantly cut off again as the world went dark.
It felt like he was suddenly swimming in tar.
He coughed and sputtered, realising only after several long seconds that he was choking on thin air, warm air.
It had been apparition, but nothing like the apparition he'd experienced before, besides that it was equally, if not more, unpleasant.
He recognised the back room of the Coffin House.
It looked exactly the same as it had months ago, when Petri and Harry had come to look at model coffin homes.
Silviu set him down on his feet.
Harry was half flummoxed, half furious, but the latter feeling was quickly winning out now that it was evident that Silviu wasn't interested in simply eating him.
"What do you want?"
Harry demanded.
"What do you want?"
Silviu asked, absurdly.
"Stuff it," said Harry.
"You're the one who—who kidnapped me."
"Oh, but you can leave now, if that's what you want," said Silviu, making a show of stepping aside.
That was rich, after he'd apparated them across a veritable snowfield.
Harry fingered the thin material of his nightgown, still damp from the snow and really appropriate only for the magically warmed indoors, and scoffed.
Silviu tilted his head in a birdlike gesture.
"I shall take you back, if it's what you want," he amended .
"Just say the word.
And you will not need to hear what I have to say.
It's so very hard to get a hold of you, and I daresay it will become even harder."
Harry wanted to demand to go home, half out of spite if nothing else, but his curiosity overwhelmed him and he hated himself for it because he could see just what the vampire was trying to do.
He wasn't a stupid child.
Wavering in indecision for a few moments, he finally settled on saying, "You bit me."
A flash of surprise passed across Silviu's face, and Harry felt a little triumphant.
Had the vampire really thought a memory charm would be enough?
"How did you know?"
he asked, and Harry felt a little incredulous.
Perhaps it was risky, given present company, but he pulled down the floppy collar of his nightgown and showed his neck, where he knew the scar was clearly visible.
Silviu advanced, and Harry stepped back and fumbled to hide it, but the vampire's hand shot out and clamped onto his shoulder, keeping the fabric and Harry's hand pinned.
Harry tried to get away, but he stopped once he realised that Silviu's intent look was one of deep thought, and not transfixion.
"This is… odd," said Silviu, finally letting go of him and standing back.
Despite himself, Harry quickly adjusted his collar.
"Normally it heals to the size of a literal pinprick.
No matter how many times.
Even after death."
Harry shuddered a little as Silviu touched his hand lightly to his own neck, but he felt angry more than anything else.
Nothing ever seemed to go "normally" for him.
"You must've done something wrong," he said.
"I don't remember anything different from usual," said Silviu.
Usual?
Did he usually lurk about in graveyards and attack children?
Actually, he probably did, Harry reflected, feeling a little ill. "I don't remember anything properly," Harry said.
"No thanks to you."
"But you remember something?"
Silviu asked sharply.
"Memory charms aren't very precise," said Harry, quoting Petri on the matter.
"Memory charms don't break on their own," said Silviu.
His eyes narrowed, and Harry could almost see the suspicion in the furrowed lines of his brow.
"The only known way to reverse them is through mental trauma, like torture."
Suddenly, Harry had a very good idea of what had happened to the memory charm.
The cry of "Crucio!"
and the incomprehensible pain, only possible to grasp in the moment.
It was like he'd traded one memory for another, neither good.
Silviu seemed to read something in his expression, because he said, "I won't ask what you experienced, but if I may, isn't it your guardian's responsibility to protect you from these things?"
Harry's mind immediately flashed to Diagon Alley, Petri's hesitation to leave, his own joy at finally being alone—Petri had been trying to protect him from things that entire time, but Harry had somehow undone it with his one mistake.
He tried to understand what it was that Silviu was playing at.
Why kidnap him now?
How had he even done it?
Harry guessed that something had changed after their last encounter, because before that Silviu had either no interest in or no ability to get to him.
"What's your point?"
Harry asked, lost in a sea of unknowns and grasping tightly to the only solid thing he had—indignation.
"My point is that you're being exploi—used.
You're far too young to be in any apprenticeship, let alone—" "What?
Charms?
I'm old enough to do magic," said Harry, unconsciously reaching for his wand and then aborting the motion as subtly as he could when he realised that, of course, he did not have it.
His fingers clenched into a fist instead.
"Not charms.
Necromancy," said Silviu.
Harry paused too long, long enough for it to be incriminating.
"That's not—er, what?"
he said, but it sounded somewhat flat and unconvincing even to his own ears.
Nonetheless, he was confused.
"Come now," said Silviu, a little derision colouring his tone.
"A wizard, pretending to be a half-vampire, and the Ministry of Magic believes him?"
"But you—they believed you, didn't they?"
Harry protested.
"It's not the wizard half that's hard to fake," said Silviu, and Harry felt the condescension like a blow.
Maybe he had had it in his head that the Ministry was just incompetent and careless, but he honestly had not considered that Petri had done something other than lie through his artificially pointed teeth.
Still, another possibility immediately opened up to him, and he seized it.
"A confundus charm would have done it," he said.
He wasn't sure why he was defending Petri, exactly, but he didn't think Silviu was on his side.
Not any more.
The vampire looked a little surprised, and Harry counted it as a victory, whether for the argument or the fact that he knew about the charm at all.
Of course, Harry only knew of it because he'd Petri use it, and it was obviously advanced, but that meant it was still something he'd learned on account of his apprenticeship.
Silviu had no right to be commenting about his age, given that he obviously wasn't too young to be kidnapped on a whim.
"That isn't the point," Silviu finally said, shaking his head.
"Do you think I don't know what's going on in my own properties?
Somebody like that—someone like that is not to be trifled with."
"You're trifling with him," said Harry, though he felt a spark of hope at the thought that Silviu was perhaps somewhat afraid of Petri.
If that was the case, however, the vampire's point remained opaque.
"I'm trying to help you," said Silviu.
"Some things are worth it.
You-" "Help me?
You're not helping me," Harry cried, "I don't want your help."
"No, listen!
Just listen to me," Silviu was saying, and Harry clenched his teeth to cage a frustrated scream.
It wouldn't help him here.
"Your parents, they," Silviu paused, narrowed his eyes, and then continued, nodding to himself, "no, your relatives, they didn't want you, right?"
Despite himself, Harry found his anger stilling momentarily, overcome by curiosity.
"They left you, and this man, Peters, he takes you in and promises you a better life, a useful life.
It is better, better than what you had before."
"How do you know that?"
escaped Harry's mouth before he noticed that it had opened.
Silviu ignored him.
"But better isn't the same as good.
There are other options.
You don't have to stay under his thumb."
"What, are you going to suggest that I stay with you instead?"
Harry interrupted.
It was clear now where this argument was going, and he felt that he was right on target even before Silviu's face grew pinched with chagrin.
"That's hypocra-hypo—er, that's just as bad."
"Hypocritical," said Silviu, almost under his breath.
"It isn't.
It's entirely different.
I would provide you food and shelter, and when you're old enough, employment.
And I don't ask anything of you except—" "Blood," said Harry.
The pieces were all there; they were just scrambled and strewn everywhere.
No children allowed to live officially in Knockturn, hags, vampires, the missing children, Annette ex-Yaxley, and now this.
"Except your word," Silviu continued sternly, "that you will consider our company as family and contribute to its continued well-being."
Harry frowned at the vagueness of this promise.
It did seem too elaborate to be some kind of hoax or trap, as Silviu had already proven that he had enough sheer strength to kill Harry a dozen times over or otherwise extort him, and had no reason to go to such roundabout lengths.
Or did he?
"And what about my master?"
Harry asked.
"Just your word, and we can hide you so well that it will be like you never existed," said Silviu, and Harry was reminded uncomfortably of the fidelius charm, and how it was already doing practically the same thing, in plain sight.
"We?"
Harry asked "My company," said Silviu.
Did he mean the Coffin House?
"We are nearly a hundred strong, and own the majority of Knockturn Alley."
Not just the Coffin House, then, or at least it was news to Harry that the dingy funeral parlour had a hundred employees.
"I don't understand," Harry said.
"Who are you?"
Perhaps that was a funny way to put the question, because Silviu did not answer immediately and instead appeared somewhat thrown.
Harry tried to clarify: "I mean, why are you doing this?
Nothing you're saying makes any sense.
Why do you want to help me so badly?"
Harry couldn't quite keep the word "help" from coming out derisively, even though he was genuinely curious.
"Why wouldn't I?"
Silviu asked.
"It's—I consider it my duty to help everybody in this alley.
In fact I—" "My master lives in this alley," Harry pointed out, uninterested in hearing the rest of Silviu's spurious moral claims.
"Have I not helped him as well?"
Silviu asked, leaning back as if perplexed.
"I have never stood in his way until now, now that he has proven himself truly unfit as a guardian."
"What?"
demanded Harry, nonplussed.
"What did he do?"
He was hardly surprised that Silviu thought Petri was an unfit guardian, as anybody could see that it was true, but more that Harry could not see what had changed.
"He left you alone, defenceless, at the mercy of goblins!"
Silviu said, as if it were obvious.
Harry, for his part, was torn between exasperation and laughter.
It was utterly ridiculous that Silviu was caught up over something so trivial.
Sure, Harry had probably come close to dying once or twice, but it had been sheer luck, bad and good, that had put him into the situation and got him out.
Petri had nothing to do with it at all.
So he decided to say as much.
"I think you've got it all wrong," he said.
"I mean I was just in Diagon Alley.
People leave their kids in Diagon Alley all the time."
Well, he wasn't sure of that, but it seemed plausible.
"It was totally my fault I got mixed up in that goblin business."
"Your fault?"
Silviu repeated incredulously.
"You had your identity stolen.
A goblin was traipsing around wearing your face doing who-knows-what while you were walking Knockturn Alley all alone."
"I wasn't alone," Harry said.
"Oh, and pray tell, who was accompanying you?"
Silviu asked.
"Er, Nic," said Harry.
"He's, er, someone I met in Diagon Alley."
"A stranger," Silviu concluded, and Harry winced.
That could have been better said.
"First a goblin, then a strange man."
"What have you got against goblins?"
Harry demanded, half curious and half aiming to derail Silviu from the topic of Nic.
"Goblins are selfish, greedy, and conniving, and that's all you can trust them to be.
They're monsters who will go to any lengths to get what they want," said Silviu, mildly and with full assurance.
Harry opened his mouth, but nothing came out.
Those were harsh words for someone who himself was, arguably, a monster.
The door flew open with a thud and Harry turned, half expecting to see Petri bursting in, wand blazing, but it was Annette.
She stepped inside and made directly for Silviu, ignoring Harry entirely.
"Ettie?"
said Silviu.
"What is it?
I'm busy right now-" "Stupefy!"
Annette shouted, whipping her wand out so quickly that it wobbled alarmingly in the air.
The red bolt struck true, however, and Silviu toppled over, an expression of shock frozen onto his face.
"Er," said Harry, glancing back and forth between Annette and the fallen vampire.
Weren't they on the same side?
Annette said nothing and lowered her wand, though she did not put it away.
Then she turned and her hand shot out, again with impressive alacrity, and closed around Harry's wrist.
He pulled back instinctively, but found her grip unyielding.
"Come on," she said hoarsely, tugging him toward the door.
She snatched up a cloak that had been hanging from the handle on the other side and tried to throw it over her shoulders with one hand, before glancing at Harry and then tossing it over him instead.
"Thanks," he muttered in surprise, tugging it out of his face and into a better position as they crossed the main room of the Coffin House.
The shop was brightly lit, though empty of customers, and Harry hazarded a guess that Annette had been staffing it, unless Silviu had left it open and unattended in favour of committing an abduction.
Indeed, as they exited the shop, Annette struck her wand against the window display so that it read "CLOSED."
The letters melted into a line but then seemed reluctant to form the word, and it took her several tries to coax them into the right shape.
She glanced about nervously all the while, as if expecting Silviu to spring from the back room at any moment.
Who knew how long the spell she had cast would hold?
Harry had half a mind to tear his hand out of hers and make a run for it, but curiosity won out and he took the opportunity to whisper questions instead.
"I thought you and Silviu were friends?"
he said as Annette slammed the front door behind them, abruptly cutting off the sound of its tolling bell.
They set off at a fast walk down the alley, which, as was typical, was lit only by the glow of the moon.
It was absolutely freezing, compared to the balmy, regulated temperature of the shop, and the cloak was only helping his upper body.
Harry's bare feet were already going numb again, but he told himself that this was loads better than being trapped with a severely misguided vampire.
"Friends?"
Annette repeated, as if she were asking herself.
Consternation twisted the scar across her nose into a jagged crevice.
"No.
Not friends.
Company."
"Company?
Like the shop?"
Harry asked, though he was sure that couldn't be it.
"Shops," said Annette, but she was shaking her head.
"It's a vampire company."
"What?"
said Harry, his brain conjuring up stupid images of a row of Silvius being produced on a factory assembly line.
"Sort of like a family," said Annette.
Harry thought he remembered Silviu saying something to that effect.
"But you knocked him out!"
Harry said.
Annette snorted.
"I'm angry with him," she said, "but I can't let him get himself killed.
He doesn't know what he's doing, antagonising a necromancer.
He always thinks he does but he doesn't."
Harry wondered how everybody and their uncle apparently knew about Petri's being a necromancer.
Wasn't it supposed to be a secret, seeing how it was extremely illegal?
At any rate, Harry was sceptical about Annette's claim.
Silviu seemed to know full well what he was doing, and simply did not care.
Petri did not seem like the type to go for revenge, anyway.
Harry thought that if Silviu really did manage to hide him away or something, that Petri was just as liable to cut his losses and leave, "not being able to afford to lose another apprentice" or not.
Annette pushed him suddenly into an alley between two shops and motioned for him to stand behind a dustbin.
The sound of approaching footsteps reached his ears a moment later.
Harry tensed up and tried not to breathe, wondering if Silviu had caught up to them and was imminently going to fish him out of his corner like he was a wayward cat.
The footsteps stopped, but it was a woman who spoke.
"Hey Ettie, what are you doing out here at this time of night?"
Whoever it was sounded simply curious.
There was no response for a rather long moment, and then Annette said, "I wanted some fresh air."
"Couldn't sleep, eh?"
asked the other woman, and then continued, "Well how can anybody with Silviu keeping that bloody awful schedule of his?
I swear I kept waking up at noon every day for a week after he had us all go to the bank.
And then I couldn't move or fall back asleep again.
It was awful."
"You still have trouble moving during the day?"
asked Annette.
"I thought he showed everyone how to do it."
At this point, Harry guessed that the other woman was a vampire, and doubled down on his attempts to breathe very shallowly.
"It's bloody hard," said the woman.
"I'd like to see you try it."
"I do it every day," said Annette blandly.
"Oh you—you know what I mean.
You'll turn into a hag if you keep spending all your time with them."
"I'm not interested in changing," said Annette.
"Not into a hag either.
Anyway, I don't want to keep you, if you're going to Elaine's."
It was an awkward sort of goodbye, Harry thought, almost a dismissal, but the other woman took it in stride and with cheer.
"You're damn right I am," she said.
"Have yourself a wonderful night and get some sleep."
"Thanks, and you as well," said Annette, and there was a long pause as she stepped carefully back into the alleyway with the dustbins and waited.
"All right, let's go," she murmured, and Harry straightened himself with a wince from where he had practically become frozen solid.
"Er, could you cast a warming charm?"
he asked as he hobbled after her, somewhat concerned for his toes, and how attached to his body they were liable to be after this adventure.
"Sorry," said Annette, "but I'm out of magic."
Harry thought she was joking for a moment, but the contrite, slightly anxious look on her face disabused him of that notion.
Her furrowed brow relaxed slightly, and then she took out her wand and held it out.
It was a long, rough wand that swayed as they walked and up close, Harry thought it might be made of a piece of bark rather than solid wood.
"Maybe you could cast it yourself," she said.
Harry was astonished to realise that she was holding out her wand to let him use it, even waving it impatiently at him.
Then again, if she was telling the truth about being out of magic, he supposed it was little more than a stick in her hands.
Unfortunately, he didn't think her wand would be much help to him, either.
"I don't know that charm yet," he admitted.
"Well I don't know it either.
Never needed something like that," she said, turning away and pocketing her wand.
Harry almost regretted not taking it, and then proceeded to feel awful for even considering it.
"Oh.
Where are we going?"
Harry asked, hoping she had a more definitive plan than just "away."
"Gringotts," said Annette, and Harry almost stopped, except that his feet continued to move without his conscious direction.
"You'll be out of his reach there."
Gringotts?
He couldn't go back there—could he?
Even as he reasoned that nobody had seen his face, he felt the press of fear and the phantom sense of stone walls closing in on him, trapping him.
He opened his mouth but found nothing to say, unable to produce a coherent argument for why they could not go there, but still sensible enough to know that an argument would be necessary.
He could wait until they were close.
But they were already close.
The damp cobblestones glistened steadily brighter as they neared Knockturn's end, where Diagon Alley glowed under the soft twinkle of hundreds of hovering fairy lights.
Before Harry could get another thought in, they were turning the corner.
Silviu was waiting for them, right in front of Gringotts.
Harry's heart sank to the bottom of his stomach and he felt frozen inside and out, but Annette did not break her stride and made straight for the vampire.
"Ettie, what do you think you're doing?"
Silviu demanded as she reached forward and grabbed a fistful of his cloak.
With her other hand she reached beneath it and then produced his wand, which she unceremoniously tossed over her shoulder into a pile of dirty snow.
Harry gaped.
"What do I think I'm doing?
What do you think you're doing?"
she cried.
"You're abusing your power.
You think just because you're chair, you can do whatever you want?
You're just like the others."
"I'm not—I wasn't—Ettie, please," said Silviu, and Harry was shocked to see that he had leaned backwards as if to escape her, his hands held up in a placating gesture.
"You're just like them," she repeated, and Silviu flinched back from each word like it was a blow.
Harry regained his wits and inched slowly towards the indentation in the snow where Silviu's wand had landed, keeping one ear on the argument.
"Let me explain, please," Silviu was saying.
"Explain what?
Why you murdered Nalrod?"
Annette asked coldly.
Despite himself, Harry looked up at that.
Annette had stepped back from Silviu, but he remained with his back against the white marble of the bank.
There was an expression of tremendous dismay on his face, and Harry imagined he would have blanched if he could get any paler.
"Did you think I wouldn't find out?"
Annette pressed.
"You'd just get rid of him quietly?"
"No!
No.
That wasn't it at all," Silviu protested.
"You didn't see what he did.
He was impersonating—" "Impersonating somebody's a capital crime now?"
said Annette.
"He was impersonating Harry," Silviu continued, "and coming into the Alley.
He was threatening the company!"
"Harry is not even part of the company," said Annette.
"Stop acting like he is.
You killed Nalrod because you don't like him.
Just because you didn't like him."
"No," said Silviu firmly.
"That's not why.
You know Gringotts wants us to declare commercial vaults.
Rate hiking didn't work so then they tried bribery, as if that's any better, and finally they sent him to spy on us, probably for blackmail!"
"That's..." Annette paused and actually seemed to consider his words.
Harry crouched down and snatched Silviu's wand, grimacing at the grainy mud that immediately coated his palm.
He had no pockets so he settled for holding it ready, just under his cloak, though he wasn't sure he could even use it.
It felt like dead wood in his hand.
Now for the escape.
He considered whether he could simply walk back out of the alley without either of them noticing.
Possibly, but it seemed risky.
He certainly couldn't outrun Silviu, and hiding in Knockturn also seemed foolish.
But Annette had been helping him before, so perhaps she could continue to hold him off, though that wasn't something he could count on.
"I don't think that's right," said Annette finally.
"You have a point, but it was just a coincidence.
Nalrod was on his own.
You didn't have nearly enough evidence to do what you did."
"There was plenty of evidence," said Silviu.
"It's possible I made a mistake, but I—" "Stupefy!"
A red bolt of light struck Silviu on the side and he was knocked out for the second time that night.
Petri emerged from behind a white pillar, wand out, and cast the stunning spell again on the already unconscious vampire, presumably for security.
Palpable relief flooded Harry at the sight of him.
"Er, hi," said Harry, when Petri did not say anything.
He glanced up at Annette and added, "she, er, helped me escape.
From Silviu.
I mean Silviu kidnapped me, and then we tried to escape, but he found us..." "I am aware," said Petri, and Harry stopped babbling.
"We are going home."
With that, Petri turned and began to walk, clearly expecting them to follow.
Harry took one step before his wits caught up to him.
"Home?
In Knockturn Alley?"
he demanded.
Silviu would find them again instantly when he woke up!
"Yes," said Petri, and his tone brooked no argument.
Every ounce of relief fled instantly from Harry again, and he clenched his fists tightly.
Even the feeling of the vampire's wand in his hand offered little security.
Annette glanced back at Silviu's prone form for several moments, but she said nothing and followed Petri towards Knockturn.
They strolled down Knockturn Alley in the pitch darkness, the festive illumination of Diagon Alley long behind them and the moon hidden behind a mass of rolling storm clouds.
Petri did not so much as cast a wand-lighting charm.
Though Harry remained extremely on edge the entire way, they reached the graveyard with no incident and navigated through the rows of headstones unmolested.
Annette was still with them, but as Petri made no protest, Harry decided not to bring it up.
She followed them into their casket home.
"Won't he know to come here?"
Harry asked.
"The protections are fully secure," said Petri.
"How did Silviu get me, then?"
Harry was anxious to know.
Petri raised his hand and tapped the side of his neck, and Harry mirrored the motion to find the twin bumps of the vampire bite still rough under his thumb.
"I underestimated the strength of the curse," said Petri.
"You must begin learning to resist compulsion—resist the imperius curse—immediately."
He glanced sharply at Annette.
"Perhaps you could give him some advice."
Annette flinched.
"You knew?"
she asked in a small voice.
"Those under the imperius curse do not usually go above and beyond their orders," said Petri.
"Thank you for retrieving my apprentice."
"Please don't change Silviu's fate," said Annette.
"Change his fate?"
Petri asked, and if Harry had not lived with the man every day for more than a year he would have thought him actually confused.
Annette wavered for a moment, but then she straightened her shoulders and looked up from under her long fringe.
"My father was—is—a necromancer, so I know these things," she said.
"A necromancer," Petri repeated.
He smiled.
"Necromancy is not my speciality," he said, "and as such there will be no fate changing."
"Thank you," said Annette.
Harry was shocked that she actually believed him, just like that.
Harry would bet everything he had that Petri was going to go right on ahead and change whatever fates he liked, whatever that meant exactly, the moment she left.
"You are free to go," said Petri.
Annette nodded and made for the door, though not without a long look at Harry, who still had Silviu's wand in hand.
Petri followed her gaze and said nothing, however, and she finally left without another word.
Harry felt suddenly exhausted, and collapsed onto a nearby chair.
His eyes ached in their sockets but his mind was still whirling with bewilderment.
"Go to bed," Petri advised, and Harry mustered up the willpower to stand and then roll onto his bed.
He jerked in surprise as a scouring charm hit his feet and tickled the soles.
Vaguely, it occurred to him that they must have been filthy.
He woke suddenly, feeling as if he had not slept at all, but the room was well-illuminated by bluebell flames as it usually was during the day.
Eldritch blobs filled his vision, filtering through the grime-encrusted glasses that had remained on his face overnight.
Something was digging into his side, and he recalled that he still had Silviu's wand.
Blearily, he patted the side table for his own, and traded them, before checking the time.
It was already nine in the morning.
As he rolled off the bed and to his feet, taking a moment to polish his glasses on the hem of his nightgown, Harry saw Petri sitting at the table, reading the newspaper.
Presently the man tossed the paper to the side and picked up his wand.
Harry tensed as it pointed towards him.
"We have work to do," said Petri, in lieu of a "good morning," and then added, "Imperio," Harry immediately relaxed.
In fact, he felt perhaps more content than he had ever felt before, as if he were floating on a soft cloud of bliss.
All his worries had disappeared.
He noticed vaguely that Petri had begun to move toward the trunk, and moved to follow him.
They descended and stopped in the room with the blood door and the stone table, where Petri twirled his wand and conjured a thin snake.
Cast the cruciatus curse on the snake, came a thought in Harry's head.
For a moment, the thought seemed very odd, but then the moment passed.
Of course that was what he wanted to do.
He pointed his wand at the snake.
"Crucio!"
he cried, and the snake began writhing and contorting in incredible ways.
"Pain, danger, danger, escape, escape!"
it screamed.
Shock broke through to his faculties, and Harry dropped his wand to the floor.
The snake tried to slither away but Petri stunned it.
Pick up the wand, Harry thought to himself.
That was sensible enough.
He bent down and picked it up.
Cast the cruciatus curse again.
Where had that thought come from?
Harry frowned.
Why would he do something like that?
Cast the cruciatus curse.
He had suddenly the thought that he was going mad, and then threw his wand away.
"Good," said Petri, and then all Harry's feelings came rushing back in a crushing avalanche, sending him reeling.
"What was that?
Was that the imperius curse?"
he demanded, rubbing at his temples.
"Did I cast the cruciatus?"
He felt the urge to retch, and had to swallow several times.
Then he looked back down for the talking snake, but it was gone.
Petri must have banished it.
"That was the imperius curse," Petri confirmed.
"How did I cast the cruciatus?"
Harry asked.
He was almost certain, despite that he remembered it happening, that it was impossible for him to have done it.
"You cast nothing.
I cast the cruciatus through your wand," said Petri, allaying his fears somewhat.
"The imperius curse is one of the most powerful and dangerous spells in existence.
Not only can it force the victim to do anything within his own physical limits, it also lends him the full will of the caster.
But as you have seen, it can be resisted."
"How?"
Harry asked.
"It didn't feel like I did anything."
"Will.
Your will must become too strong to be dominated," said Petri.
"It is the easiest with your deep convictions.
Few casters can overpower the victim's will for long in such a case."
Harry felt a little better at hearing that he couldn't be made to do horrible things by just anybody, and after experiencing it for himself, even if he could not explain how he had managed to resist the curse.
"In other cases, it takes extensive practice," said Petri.
Harry did not like the sound of that.
"We will try again later.
That woman, Annette, must have had years of experience."
"Years?"
said Harry.
"You mean Silviu—" "No," said Petri.
"Her father, I expect."
Right.
The necromancer.
Harry felt very ill at the thought that anybody would cast unforgivables on his own child.
Weren't parents supposed to love their children?
Harry wondered if Petri would treat him the same way if he were the man's own son.
He quickly cut short that errant trail of thought.
"I am surprised that he disowned her, after all that," Petri mused, as if that were the biggest problem with her story.
"She must be a powerful witch."
This remark reminded Harry of something Annette had said last night.
"I think there's something wrong with her magic," he said.
"She said she used it all up, I guess to knock Silviu out."
"What?
That's nonsense," said Petri.
"You can't use up all your magic.
Your flow is constantly..." Harry waited for him to finish, but nothing was forthcoming.
A contemplative cast had fallen over Petri's face, and he drummed his fingers absently against his thigh.
Harry was dying to prompt him to continue, but had enough experience to swallow his impatience.
Finally, Petri said, "I think I understand," and strode toward the back room.
"Come along."
Harry scrambled after him, wondering if some sort of fate changing was about to commence.
To his surprise, a variety of materials were already strewn all over the worktable in the back, and it looked for all the world as if Petri had been in the middle of some complicated arcane working.
The pensieve sat in the centre, half the symbols on the surface glowing silver, and there were parchments covered in enchanter's shorthand littered everywhere, including on the floor.
Petri waved his wand and several disparate pages zoomed into his outstretched hand, explaining the lack of need for any form of organisation.
He skimmed the first, dropped it with little concern for where it landed, and scrutinised the second more closely.
"I want you try reconstruction again," said Petri.
"Look for information about that woman, Annette."
"Reconstruction?"
said Harry.
"You mean like we did with Malfoy and the Dark Lord?"
"Yes.
Exactly that," said Petri as he tapped his wand repeatedly against the side of the pensieve.
Different combinations of symbols flashed each time.
"You seemed to have a talent for it."
Harry, who was fairly certain that he had had no idea what he had been doing at the time, did not share Petri's apparent confidence in his abilities.
As he approached the table and debated whether to voice any concerns, Petri addressed them without his prompting.
"It is a matter of being curious in the right way," he said, gesturing towards the pensieve, which had stopped glowing.
"It is ready with our vampire friend's memory.
The last thing is your blood."
Harry connected the dots.
"You mean you already changed his fate?
Last night?
So what you told Annette was true, but..." It was true in the worst possible way, but Harry did not know how to say that without showing obvious disapproval.
"I changed very little," said Petri, and held out his hand expectantly.
"These things are delicate.
He simply believes now that you are already part of his company."
"What?"
Harry demanded, hardly noticing as Petri drew blood with the tip of his wand.
"How does that help?
And what is this company supposed to be?
I still don't understand at all."
Petri ignored him and distributed blood around the pensieve before consulting a nearby scrap of parchment and casting a continuous slew of spells in what Harry now recognised as an enchantment.
Then, as the carvings began glowing uniformly silver once more, Petri's hand shot out and caught the back of Harry's head, and with a quick shove sent him careening into the depths of the bowl of silvery memory.
Harry flailed as he fell through the darkness, before his wits caught up to him and he stilled, finding himself suddenly on his feet in a murky grey version of the interior of the trunk.
Remembering something of what had happened last time, he looked around for an apparition of Silviu.
A gaunt, lanky teenager was skulking warily by the door.
His eyes were staring ahead, and Harry felt watched, even though he guessed that he was just an invisible viewer of the memory.
"I'm looking for information about Annette.
Er, Annette Vlaicu.
Or Yaxley," said Harry a little lamely.
"Annette?
Who's that?"
asked the disturbingly young Silviu, and Harry jumped as dark eyes fixed on his form.
Was this supposed to happen?
"She's, er, she's part of your company?"
said Harry, entirely uncertain.
Silviu blinked.
"My company," he repeated, and then his eyes unfocused, and a familiar mist rolled into the scene to obscure everything before dissolving into a dark but richly upholstered chamber.
A variety of very thin, pale people with indistinct features were lounging about on uncomfortable-looking wooden chairs and entertaining themselves with books or card games.
Silviu was standing at the very end, apparently being told off by an older man who was seated with his feet up on a chaise that was draped with shimmering, regal fabrics.
Harry caught sight of clawed fingers as he gesticulated and guessed that the man, and probably everybody in the room, was a vampire.
They were speaking rapidly in what was presumably Romanian, which was inconvenient, as Harry had no idea what was going on, except that there was palpable tension in the air, laced with undercurrents of anger and fear.
Anger won out as Silviu shouted back at the other vampire.
There was a long pause where they only stared at each other, and then Harry almost staggered backwards at the spike of terror that lanced through him.
The older vampire had shot up to his feet, and Silviu had been picked up by the lapels of his fancy coat and slammed against the nearest wall with bruising force.
Harry was vividly reminded of what had happened to Nalrod, and he realised suddenly that this Silviu, the one in the memory, was no vampire.
Not yet.
The vampire said something in a quiet and serious tone, and Silviu nodded frantically, apparently chastised, and was let go.
He slid slowly to the floor as the vampire simply stalked away, drawing the gaze of everyone else in the room after him, and Harry still felt lingering fear that did not belong to him.
"My company," said Silviu again in English, and Harry noticed that they were back in the ghostly workshop, and Silviu, who sat huddled against the wall, stared plaintively up at him.
"Er, that was your company?"
Harry asked, but Silviu hardly seemed to hear him.
"Before?
What about now?
In Knockturn Alley?"
This avenue of questioning drew no reaction at all from the human Silviu, and Harry tried not to think about how he was doing a rather grand job of failing Petri's expectations, and instead wracked his brain for something else to try.
Lucius Malfoy's father hadn't seemed to have any trouble bringing up memories at any time in the past, but perhaps it was different because Silviu was only dead by a technical definition.
"How did you become a vampire?"
Harry asked.
He was hit by an extraordinary cocktail of grief and anger that robbed him of his breath.
Mist seemed to explode into the room, and evaporated just as quickly as it had come to reveal a carved stone balcony at the side of a castle, with a moonlit view over a scenic valley, complete with farmhouses and a meandering creek.
Silviu stood at the railing, staring at a letter clutched in his hand.
As Harry watched, he crumpled up the parchment, grinding it together with both hands, and then tossed it furiously over the side.
His heavy breathing puffed visibly into the cold evening air.
He stared down at his open palms, as if having never seen them before.
Then, to Harry's shock, Silviu threw himself off the balcony, just like that.
Harry's heart skipped a beat as he stared at the spot through the railing where the older boy's coattails had fluttered for a second as he fell.
Harry was afraid to take a proper look down over the edge, but was spared the need to as mist swallowed up the floor beneath him and then deposited him in solid darkness.
At first, Harry wondered if perhaps the memory had ended and he was stuck in the space between, but then he heard the murmur of voices.
Unfortunately, they were still in Romanian.
A candle flared, and after a moment Harry's eyes adjusted to the dim, silvery illumination.
The older vampire from before was there, holding up a candelabra and speaking rapidly at a box that Harry realised belatedly was a casket.
He stepped closer.
Silviu was lying in the casket, no sign of having leapt off a high tower visible in his comportment except an obvious pallor indicative of death.
In fact, his eyes were open and he was responding to the other vampire in a hoarse, defensive whisper.
Harry had not been aware that one could become a vampire by falling from a great height.
"I haven't thought about that in a long while," said Silviu's voice from behind him, and Harry jumped and whirled around to find the familiar, adult and very vampiric Silviu standing there.
Harry glanced back and saw that the apparitions of the other vampire and the young Silviu had vanished.
"Dragomir never did like me," Silviu mused, apparently unaware of Harry's presence.
Mist surrounded them, rolling and flickering but never clearing enough for a proper view.
Harry caught a many glimpses of the other vampire, Dragomir, perhaps, sneering or yelling or otherwise looking displeased, and his hand flew up to clutch his neck when phantom pain flared across it as countless instances of Dragomir's teeth sinking into Silviu's throat were recalled in concert.
Not particularly interested in viewing any further similar experiences, Harry tried to prompt again, "Annette?
Remember her?"
A vivid image of a girl, perhaps Harry's age, with a vicious scar across the bridge of her nose, materialised from the mist, followed by a plethora of shadowy corners and crooked buildings.
It was Knockturn Alley, but gloomier and dirtier than Harry had ever seen it in real life.
"Inimico!"
the girl screamed suddenly, whipping out a familiar, springy wand.
A searing bolt of light erupted from the tip and Harry flinched and shut his eyes instinctively before remembering that this was just a memory.
A lingering shimmering in the air suggested that Silviu had put up a shield charm, but the spell seemed to have burned right through it and struck him anyway, given the way he was screaming and writhing on the ground.
The skin on his face rippled grotesquely, as if boiling.
"Ettie!
What is going on?"
A woman burst out of the next building, and Harry struggled to find some place to put his eyes where there wouldn't be bare skin—he settled on the still-cursed Silviu.
"I defended us from the vampire," said Annette primly.
"Oh Merlin, oh Merlin, Merlin..." the woman muttered frantically.
"Ettie, that's dark magic.
We'll get in trouble.
Ettie, make it stop, quickly!"
"I can't," said Annette.
"What do you mean you can't?"
the woman demanded.
In the corner of his eye Harry saw how she turned around, and then turned again, completing a helpless circle, her hands worrying at her voluminous hair.
Annette had put her wand away and was brazenly approaching the downed Silviu, who had ceased to flail and, trembling, was raising his wand to point it to his face.
Slowly, his body relaxed, and the unsightly bubbling of his flesh calmed, though there were angry red splotches and dark rings pockmarking every inch of his skin.
As Harry watched, however, the marks faded and Silviu returned to an unblemished, if rather emaciated, state.
"My apologies," said Annette, not sounding sorry at all.
"But your kind isn't welcome.
Humans only."
Silviu only groaned, before slowly rolling over and pushing himself to his feet.
By this point the woman had apparently regained her senses.
She grabbed Annette by the wrist and dragged her inside.
Harry got a brief glimpse of a dim, smoky interior before the door slammed in his face.
There was a very familiar emblem hanging from a rusty nail, and Harry was astonished to see that they were standing in front of the White Wyvern.
It looked like—it looked like some sort of… The scene changed, and they were inside, Harry was sure of it, even though nothing about the inn was recognisable besides its basic layout.
There was tacky, gaudy fabric draping every surface, and thick smoke hung heavily in the air like a veil.
There were women everywhere, women dressed like the one who had run out to reprimand Annette, and they lounged about the tables and cushions, murmuring in sultry voices to men, old men in stiff robes who had something like avarice glinting in their beady eyes.
Harry followed movement in the corner of his eye and saw a plump, middle-aged man ascend the narrow staircase, a slender lady practically draped over his shoulder.
Silviu was at the counter, talking to a busty woman who nevertheless appeared to be wearing full dress robes, if a little lower-cut than strictly appropriate.
"I would like a room for the day," said Silviu, enunciating each word carefully, and then added, "Only a room."
The woman smirked at him.
"That will be three sickles," she said, and traded a key for the money.
"Room 247."
Silviu made straight for the staircase, giving the ladies wide berth, and Harry followed him upstairs.
The sounds of heavy breathing, unintelligible groans, and even occasional thumps surrounded them.
Silviu's nose wrinkled heavily in disdain, and as soon as he opened the door to his room he waved his wand and spoke the silencing charm.
But there was already somebody inside.
"You!"
yelled Annette, whipping the rag in her hand towards him in accusation.
"Vampire!
Get out!"
"I am, ah, paying customer," said Silviu, holding his wand to the side but at the ready, memory of being cursed clearly fresh on his mind.
Annette's eyes narrowed into slits.
"I don't care.
You can't have my mummy," said Annette.
Silviu's eyebrows shot up.
"I simply need a place of resting," he said, obviously attempting to be placating.
"Are you sure?"
Annette asked.
"Yes," said Silviu firmly.
"Really sure," she pressed.
"Really sure," said Silviu, the corner of his lip curling in amusement.
It was replaced by wariness when Annette abruptly whipped out her wand.
She didn't cast any curse, however.
"I'll kill you if you touch my mummy," she said.
"I know how, it's Avada Kedavra!"
A flurry of green sparks shot out of her wand as she casually incanted the killing curse, and Silviu had made to dive out of the way, though the magic had already fizzled harmlessly not halfway across the room.
"That spell is dangerous," he said, staring incredulously.
"Well, obviously," said Annette.
"And does your… mother know that you're up here?"
Silviu asked, when he seemed surer that she was not about to cast any other deadly dark magic his way.
"I'm cleaning," said Annette, holding up the off-white rag in her other hand.
"Surely there are charms for that?"
said Silviu.
"I'm a filthy squib," Annette remarked casually, as if having just nearly cast the killing curse was not clear evidence to refute the claim.
"I am perhaps wrong," Silviu began, "but is 'squib' not the word for somebody with no magic?"
"That's right, Mister Vampire," said Annette blithely.
"But then you are clearly no squib," said Silviu.
The last thing Harry saw before the scene dissolved was Annette's honestly perplexed expression.
Harry felt himself mirroring it as the mist cleared and he found himself back downstairs in the seedy past version of the White Wyvern.
"Before I go," said Silviu, "What is your full name, so I may write to you?"
he asked Annette.
"Annette Yaxley," she said.
"How do you spell it?"
asked Silviu.
"Spell?"
Annette repeated.
"It's a name, not magic."
"I mean, to write it.
How do you write it?"
Silviu tried, extracting a bit of parchment and a quill from a briefcase that he had laid on a nearby table.
Annette only shrugged.
"That's mudblood stuff, writing."
Harry gaped at this obvious misinformation, and Silviu looked equally lost for words.
"So you—you don't write?
What about reading?"
he finally asked.
Annette shook her head.
"I can teach you," Silviu said very quickly, and Harry felt he had blurted it out without thinking of the logistics of it, but Annette shook her head, more vehemently this time.
"I can't learn that stuff.
I told you, it's mudblood stuff and it will turn me into a mudblood," she said.
"What?
That's simply nonsense," said Silviu, but Annette huffed and, rather than continuing the farcical argument, turned around to run away up the stairs, leaving an obviously appalled Silviu staring after her.
Who could have told Annette, of all things, that reading would turn her into a mudblood?
And why?
Did she still believe it, to this day?
Harry could scarcely imagine it, but he remembered that she still claimed to be unable to read, that she had told Nalrod… Harry remembered suddenly that he would rather like to know why Silviu had killed Nalrod, and what he and Annette had been arguing about earlier, in the land of the living.
But the scene did not change.
Harry looked back at Silviu, only to find that the vampire had vanished, and he was standing by himself in the dining room of a disreputable inn of the past.
A quick glance told him that in fact, everybody was gone, all the ghostly forms of the ladies, the patrons, the innkeeper—vanished.
"Hello?"
Harry called out cautiously, even though he felt a little stupid doing so.
He moved forward slowly, and then, feeling suddenly exposed, sprinted across the room and up the stairs.
He glimpsed Annette standing at the top, but before he could take the last few steps they disappeared under his feet and he started to fall.
Cold mist swirled around him, but the falling did not end, and no new scene materialised.
A little worried now, he tried to think of the workshop and perhaps go back there, or even bring himself out of the pensieve, but was met with no response from his surroundings.
The beginnings of panic set in, and his mind flashed to high stone walls.
Gringotts.
It took a moment for the mist to settle, and another for his mind to cease screaming at him enough for Harry to notice that he seemed not to be in a vault, but a small office of some sort, nonetheless featuring unadorned grey walls, and was seated on a chair in front of an unfamiliar goblin.
How he had gone from free-fall to a sitting position, he couldn't for the life of him say.
"Mister Vlaicu," said the goblin, whose golden nameplate read "TOSSLINE" in embossed letters, "It has come to our attention that you have been using a personal vault in connection with a business."
Harry looked around wildly for Silviu, saw nobody else, and concluded uncertainly that he must be Silviu, then.
But then he was struck by a great sense of familiarity, and an undercurrent of anger.
Of course he knew what was going on here.
"That is correct," he said, and it was Silviu's low, slightly accented voice that came out.
"I trust that it is no problem?
It is within the treaty that any wizard or part-wizard may consider as his personal assets the main source of his income."
"Certainly," the goblin acknowledged, "but each family is also permitted only one non-commercial vault, and it seems your family is scattered and extensive."
"What family, precisely, are you referring to?"
Harry asked calmly, though anger was warring with confusion—confusion at what, he was quickly forgetting, but it was there.
A grin bloomed across Tossline's face, and Harry's anger spiked.
His hands curled into fists and claws dug into his palms, nearly drawing blood.
"Your company, vampire," said the goblin.
Foregoing pleasantries, is he?
The thought flashed darkly through Harry's mind.
"Strictly business partners," said Harry without missing a beat.
"A single business," said Tossline.
"A single business can hardly claim its constituents as mere partners."
"You and I have a very different idea of what constitutes a business," said Harry.
Vaguely, Harry wondered what exactly it was that he thought "constituted a business," and what business he had even thinking about this sort of thing.
Then the world vanished around him and he was flying through the darkness, bewildered and afraid, and then he saw the tip of a very familiar wand.
With it came a hand, an arm, and then a face.
Petri.
The workshop.
Everything was bathed in the silvery glow of memory.
Harry stared at the wand tip as it twirled in familiar circles.
Petri's mouth was moving, he was saying something, he was saying—"Spiritus, spiritus, spiritus," over and over again, like a mantra, and the wand flicked to the side and Harry gasped as agonising colour and sensation burst over him, and he stumbled backward, falling onto a surprisingly yielding floor that he supposed, vaguely, must have been hit by a cushioning charm.
The ceiling spun like a kaleidoscope above him.
"Harry," said Petri, kneeling down beside him and waving his wand in complicated patterns that blurred together.
"Very good.
You're alive."
Of course he was alive, Harry thought, and then it occurred to him what this sort of declaration might be an indication of.
"You sound surprised," he said crossly.
"You mean I could have died?"
"Not could have," said Petri.
"You did die, for nearly a minute."
"What?"
Harry demanded, still reeling.
He took a moment to check that his fingers and toes still worked, relaxing slightly when it appeared that he still had feeling in all his extremities.
When his vision stopped swimming, he pushed himself hastily to his feet and was gratified to note that having been apparently temporarily dead had not had any obvious side effects.
Petri did not protest his standing, so Harry decided that it could not have been as bad as it sounded.
"What happened?"
he asked.
"You followed the lines of fate too far and lost yourself," said Petri.
"It's a common mistake with reconstruction, and the reason why a horcrux is a vital precaution."
The words "common" and "horcrux" clamoured for attention in Harry's head and he vacillated for a moment before asking, "So it's used up?
My horcrux?"
"No," said Petri, to Harry's unending relief.
"I was able to conjure you back to your body with little issue."
"So it isn't serious?"
Harry asked.
"Dying?"
Petri laughed.
"Of course it is serious.
This is the reason why reconstruction is one of the most dangerous practices in necromancy, and we why have taken precautions."
"You didn't tell me this before you—you just made me go in there, you pushed me," Harry said.
Apparently almost dying, or rather, actually dying and then coming back, was not enough justification for taking an accusing tone, because Harry received a stinging hex to the side of his face.
"Do not be impertinent.
Would you have gone as far, had you known?"
Petri pointed out, "The more memories you reconstruct, the greater the chance of losing yourself in them, but it's wasteful to do the technique without going as far as possible.
You are fine, are you not?
No numbness?"
Harry scowled, but supposed that he did appear to be fine, aside from the lingering pain from the hex.
He shook his head.
"I didn't even find anything useful," he said, just to be contrary, because he was sure it had not been worth dying to see some sundry memories of Silviu.
"And I thought you already finished changing Silviu's fate."
"This is not about our vampire friend," said Petri.
"That woman, Annette.
I want to know who this father of hers was."
"Her father?"
Harry repeated.
"I definitely didn't find out anything about him."
"We shall see," said Petri, and he walked over to the pensieve and put his face in the bowl.
It still looked incredibly uncanny to Harry from the outside.
With his awareness entirely inside the pensieve and his body hanging limply, Petri had put himself in an especially vulnerable position, Harry thought.
If he wanted to, he could… Could what?
Harry's mind flashed traitorously to the thought of killing the man, but of course that was ridiculous.
What would he do then?
Go running to Silviu?
The Dursleys?
Harry laughed aloud, somewhat mirthlessly, and put a hand on his forehead.
He was clearly still out of sorts from his deadly pensieve adventure.
Closing his eyes, Harry let himself melt to the floor and lie in a heap.
He must have fallen asleep, because it felt like no time had passed when a scraping sound, likely the pensieve being moved, reached his ears.
His eyes snapped open.
Petri had resurfaced and was pushing the pensieve towards the centre of the table.
"Remarkable," he said, turning to gaze thoughtfully at Harry, who scrambled to his feet.
"What?"
Harry blurted, unable to hold back the curiosity that had been ready to burst from him all morning.
The adventure in the pensieve had only worsened the issue a hundred fold.
"The quality and thoroughness of your reconstruction," Petri elaborated.
"They are almost perfect memories."
"Really?"
said Harry, not particularly enthused and half-wondering if Petri was being sarcastic.
"Really," said Petri.
"I could not have done it better."
"I don't get it," Harry muttered, "I don't even know what I did."
"Describe what you saw, in between memories," said Petri.
"Er, I was here, except in a sort of memory version, and I saw Silviu, and asked him some questions," said Harry.
"Did he respond?"
Petri asked, an almost excited edge to his tone.
"Yes," said Harry, wondering whether it was something odd after all.
"Last time, with Malfoy, he didn't though."
"I'm not surprised," said Petri.
"No; I am surprised that you could connect to Silviu's human spirit."
"How did you know he was human?
I mean, he was," said Harry.
"Well, then he wasn't."
"After the memory of his turning?"
asked Petri.
Harry nodded.
"You started to shape the representation with your own memories.
Before that, you saw his spirit before his death.
How did you connect?"
"What do you mean, connect?"
Harry asked.
"It's an advanced technique, to think of the dead exactly like the living.
It should be difficult even for a master of the mind arts," said Petri.
Harry blinked.
It had never occurred to him not to think of the spirits in the pensieve as living, in the sense of being people.
"I just did," he said.
Petri gave him a measured stare, before finally nodding.
"It came naturally to you, then?
Fine.
Regardless, you have done well.
Now we know that Annette's father is an enemy."
Before Harry could even ask, Petri continued, "There are two ways, or philosophies, to the dark arts—really, to all magic.
There is magic as a discipline, and then as an art.
I practice in the first way.
Most sensible wizards practice in the first way."
Petri was clearly biased on this issue, though it remained to be seen whether it was a justified bias.
"The second way is what you see from Annette in the reconstruction.
Notice how she casts spells.
The spell is the magic, is her will.
There is no question of whether it will work.
She would be a very formidable witch were she not nearly a squib," said Petri.
"So the second way is more powerful?"
Harry asked, "But then why is it bad?"
"Why is it bad?"
Petri repeated, almost mockingly.
"Literacy is for mudbloods.
Squibs can do magic.
Need I continue?"
Harry winced.
"Does it make you stupid, or something?"
"It is instinct, intuition," said Petri.
"The easiest way to nurture instinct is to neglect reason, rationality.
This is how such wizards and witches are trained—no, how they are raised.
The 'old way,' they call it, as if being outdated were a virtue."
Harry, who thought that magic still seemed plenty instinctive and irrational, was somewhat bewildered.
"How does that help?"
"Your wand," said Petri, summoning Harry's wand from the table—he must have dropped it going into the pensieve the first time—and tossing it to him.
Harry snatched it out of the air before it struck him on the nose.
"I do not approve of doing this, but it is the easiest way to show you.
You remember the Enemy's Curse?
Inimico?"
"The one Annette cast?"
Harry asked.
"Yes," said Petri.
"Cast it at me."
"What?"
said Harry.
"But how?
I don't—" He didn't even know what the spell really did, for one, among a host of other things.
That did not seem to concern Petri, however.
"Cast it.
The incantation is inimico and the wand movement is a forward jab.
Point your wand at me and cast it," he said.
Swallowing thickly, Harry raised his wand.
Paradoxically, he felt more vulnerable as he aimed at Petri, than he had felt unarmed, despite having been given permission.
Not just permission; it had practically been a command.
Harry clutched the handle more tightly, the incantation still unwilling to escape his closed mouth.
"Crucio," said Petri, and Harry flinched automatically, but the curse went wide, splashing harmlessly against the wooden floor some meter to Harry's right.
Still, now reminded most unpleasantly of the sort of person his teacher really was, he said, more confidently than he had expected, "Inimico!"
and made a stabbing motion.
A sizzling bolt of bright blue light erupted from the end of his wand, striking some barrier just before it reached Petri, where it contracted into an angry, humming orb balanced on the man's wand tip.
With a grunt of obvious effort, Petri directed his wand to the floor, and as it descended it appeared to swallow up the light until the spell was gone.
"How did you do that?"
Harry asked, staring at the spot where the light had vanished.
"Nexus charm," said Petri, and Harry gathered that it was something far beyond his level.
"And how did I do that?"
"Many dark arts spells are easy," said Petri, "dangerously easy to cast, but difficult to master.
Hurting your enemies, fighting to kill—these are cases where we instinctively reach for magic."
Harry wanted to protest, on principle, but he could not deny that it had been easy.
If he could learn something like the mending charm with a tenth of the ease with which that enemy spell, whatever it did, had burst from his wand, he could be a charms master in no time.
As if echoing his thoughts, Petri said, "Imagine if every spell were so easy.
You could have anything you wanted with a flick of your wrist.
This is a delusion.
Such a wizard appears to have powerful magic, but he will be a tool in the hands of cleverer men."
Harry stared, bewildered by the uncharacteristic passion that glinted in the man's dark eyes as he spoke.
"I don't get it," Harry admitted, because the downside of being extremely good at magic was still eluding him.
Even if the price to be paid was that one was an idiot of sorts, wasn't being able to do advanced magic itself a real talent?
"Have you ever wondered why wizards need brooms or carpets to fly?"
Petri asked.
"We aren't so different from muggles and their aeroplanes in that respect."
Harry, surprised that Petri, disdainful of muggles at the best of times, even knew about aeroplanes, shook his head.
He hadn't known, anyway, that wizards couldn't fly on their own.
"It is because flight is not a necessity.
There are few situations where one needs, overwhelmingly, to fly, over any other option.
Flight had to be invented, because people wanted it," Petri said.
"Most spells that are in day-to-day use had to be invented.
Mending charms, charms to cook, and clean, sorting charms, cosmetic charms—these are all conveniences, not necessities.
Only someone who had no idea how to do these things the muggle way, as it were, would consider them magical necessities."
Though thrown at first by the talk of flying, Harry thought he was beginning to follow.
"So being good at magic means—it's a sign that you're bad at, well, everything else?"
he asked.
Petri's lip curled into a smirk.
"No, not being good at magic, but relying on instinctive magic.
It means you are little more than a beast.
What sets wizards apart from other creatures?
What makes us superior?"
He hardly paused, before answering himself, "Creation.
We are not bound by our natures.
Our magic is tied to no element, our minds and wills are free.
We are the perfect union of power and wisdom."
Harry was struck by the strange eloquence of his words, as if they had come out of a prepared speech.
He wasn't sure what to say in response.
Petri froze with his hands half-extended in a grand gesture, and put them down, apparently thinking better of it.
"The progress of wizardkind is always made slow by those who would rather be animals.
You must not sink to this level," he said.
"Do not cast spells that you have not studied."
"Okay," Harry agreed, even if he wasn't so sure that he was convinced.
That inimico spell seemed like it would be useful in a pinch.
When Annette had cast it in the memory, Silviu had failed to block it, and even Petri had had to use some obscure-sounding countercharm.
Petri accepted his word, and turned away, tidying up the workshop with several flicks of his wand to stack papers on the table.
He then began to pull the reconstructed memories from the pensieve one by one and decant them into crystal phials.
Harry frowned.
Whatever value Petri had seen in those memories still eluded him.
"You never explained," he said, "how does making Silviu think I'm in his company make things better?"
"That is what he wanted from you, yes?"
Petri asked.
"He said he could hide me, and you'd never find me," said Harry.
Petri grimaced, which was not reassuring.
"Yes, he could make things very difficult."
"How?"
Harry demanded.
"Is it sympathetic magic again?"
Petri nodded.
"Of course.
It is the surest defence against a wizard.
Once you have exchanged enough blood with a vampire you will be neither dead nor alive enough for necromancy or scrying to work.
And this is why I have made him believe that you are in his company, rather than allowing it to be reality."
"So he thinks he's already done that?"
Harry asked.
"Exchanged blood?"
"Yes, exactly," said Petri.
A tinkling bell interrupted them.
Somebody was at the door upstairs.
Petri pocketed his wand and began walking at a leisurely pace.
Harry supposed that Rosenkol would let whomever it was inside to wait for them.
"It's our vampire friend," said Petri as he cut himself to exit the blood door.
Harry baulked.
"Should I hide?"
he asked.
"No.
Undoubtedly he is here to see you."
said Petri.
"What am I supposed to do?"
Harry hissed.
"Act normally," said Petri unhelpfully.
Then they were exiting the trunk, Harry following only reluctantly, and still hoping that Petri was wrong, even though the list of other possible visitors was unhappily short.
Alas, it was indeed Silviu standing at the foot of the stairs, engaged in a staring contest with Rosenkol.
At their arrival, the elf shot one last vigorous glare at the vampire before saluting and disapparating.
Silviu nodded at Petri.
"Hello Peters, Harry," he said.
"I'm here to apologise."
"And no doubt to recover your wand," said Petri, though without vitriol.
Silviu smiled, close-lipped.
"Yes, and that," he agreed.
"All the same, I've treated you poorly, as guests in the Alley and as residents.
Again, I'm very sorry to have acted so crassly.
My only excuse is that I was blinded by past experience."
He glanced between Petri and Harry, and realisation struck Harry like a blow.
"You mean Annette's father?"
he asked.
Silviu blinked, clearly surprised.
"That's right," he said slowly.
"I see now that the situation isn't the same.
Harry, I hope you'll accept my apology."
"Fine, if it means you won't kidnap me again," said Harry.
"Of course," Silviu agreed.
"Thank you."
"Or use your sympathetic magic—mind control, or whatever, on me," Harry pressed.
Silviu hesitated for a split-second but then nodded again in acquiescence.
There was an awkwardly long silence, and Petri said, "Harry, perhaps you can return our friend's wand to him."
Harry started and scrambled over to his bedside table, where the wand had rolled up against the jar of bluebell flame.
He snatched it up and held it out cautiously to Silviu.
He still did not trust the vampire at all, but Petri seemed to think it was safe, and he trusted Petri's self-interest.
"Thank you," said Silviu, and put his wand away without incident.
"I shall leave you to your day.
Goodbye."
He turned on his heel and melted into the shadow of the staircase.
"I don't trust him," said Harry.
Petri laughed.
"You say that now," he murmured.
"But he would not lie to his own company."
"How do you figure that?"
Harry demanded.
"It would be against his nature," said Petri.
"Despite his wand he is not a wizard.
His fate is limited by the facts of his existence.
You need not worry."
Petri spoke with perfect conviction, but Harry could not bring himself to believe it.
It was too simple, and at once too strong of an idea.
It reminded him of the virulent energy of the Enemy's Curse that had sprung so easily from his wand, and that he knew would heed his call if he ever were to speak its name again.
A/N: Brought to you by Harry casting sectumsempra without even knowing what it did, and succeeding at the imperius curse on the first try, but taking forever to learn schoolwork-related spells.
Also brought to you by Dobby (is a free elf!)
and Merope Gaun.
s punishment for his indiscretions, or perhaps just as a matter of expediency, Harry did not get to leave the graveyard until July.
Perhaps it would have been longer, had certain events not come to pass, but come they did, quite suddenly and seemingly inevitably.
Despite Silviu's newfound, manufactured belief that Harry was now under his thumb rather than Petri's, and his promise not to use his mind magic against him anymore, Petri had not let up on the matter of resisting compulsions.
Thankfully, there was no more casting of the cruciatus curse, and it had become marginally easier to tell which thoughts were his own and which weren't, but Harry had hit a block when it came to resisting banal orders like "tie your shoelaces."
He was half-convinced that it was impossible.
In other areas, he had been met with far more success.
He could adequately cast the basic six charms series: mending, severing, fire-making, locomotion, animation, and cancellation, along with a handful of other useful charms.
There really was a difference between knowing the spell and knowing the spell, even if he couldn't place where that boundary was, exactly, but he felt that he had finally made progress on casting at will.
The thing he was most excited to have begun learning was the warming charm.
That was because the warming charm was the base of a variety of spells used in cooking, and he was desperate to eat something that wasn't a potion or boiled vegetables.
His last attempt at reinventing the oven using a fire and some rocks had gone poorly, and after cursing him and calling him a muggle Petri had bought him a copy of a popular cooking guide, Witch's Brew by Queenie Goldstein, to avoid any further incidents.
Harry was currently bent over a pile of leaves he had acquired from outside, practising the technique for roasting.
The goal was to warm evenly everywhere.
So far he had partially burnt several leaves and had not come close to a perfect spread, but he was sure that he was improving.
The fantasy of a roast complete with potatoes and Yorkshire pudding played out dreamily in his mind's eye.
It was rudely interrupted by a series of measured knocks.
Harry glanced up and debated whether to get the door, but fortunately Petri had already stood from where he was reading at the table to answer it.
Harry wondered who it could be.
As far as he knew, Petri had never given anyone his specific address, and salesmen were scarce around graveyards.
He supposed it must be Silviu, coming to awkwardly check in on him as he sometimes did.
Petri pushed open the casket lid and froze, looking very much like he would love to shut it again and retreat, but could not.
Curious, Harry craned his neck to see the person standing outside.
All he could glimpse from his angle was a deep purple robe hem dotted with glittering gold, beneath which protruded the pointed toes of a pair of white boots.
It was definitely not Silviu.
"Joachim Petri, what a surprise," said the visitor in German, and Harry gripped his wand more tightly, the name of the Enemy's Curse flashing traitorously in his mind.
Whoever it was knew Petri's real identity, despite his charmed appearance.
"Herr Dumbledore," said Petri, after a long pause.
Dumbledore?
That name sounded oddly familiar.
"Yes, I'm here to see Mr Potter," said Mr Dumbledore in English.
For some reason, Petri winced.
"You might as well come inside," said Petri, and Harry panicked slightly as Petri stepped aside and allowed Mr Dumbledore to pass him down the stairs.
Mr Dumbledore was a very old man who sported a remarkably long, white beard that trailed down below his navel and was, at the moment, haphazardly tucked into his belt.
His purple and gold robes were made from a seamless, starry brocade that seemed to change shades subtly at every angle, and resembled the midnight sky.
Had he seen Mr Dumbledore walking about on a muggle street, Harry thought he would have mistaken the robe for a fancy dress.
"Where is he?"
Mr Dumbledore asked, even though he was looking right at Harry.
He almost didn't seem to notice that there was someone there at all.
"He's here," said Petri, looking more nervous than Harry had ever seen him.
Mr Dumbledore glanced back at Petri, who averted his gaze.
"Curious," said Mr Dumbledore, looking at Harry again.
"And who is this?"
"My apprentice," said Petri.
"Albus Dumbledore," said Mr Dumbledore, bending down and holding out his hand.
"I am the Headmaster of Hogwarts."
Incredibly confused and a little wary, Harry quickly put his wand away and reached out to shake Professor Dumbledore's hand.
"Er, I'm Harry," he said.
"Nice to meet you."
"A pleasure to meet you as well, my boy," said Professor Dumbledore.
His blue eyes twinkled, almost mischievously.
"I have a letter here for someone.
Perhaps you could ensure that it reaches the right hands."
He withdrew a thick letter from the folds of his robes and Harry took it cautiously.
It was held closed by a purple wax seal that had been stamped with what was presumably the Hogwarts crest.
Harry flipped it over.
On the back of the parchment envelope was written, in bright green ink: Mr H. Potter The South Side of the Casket 66 Knockturn Alley, Plot D-12 London Greater London The address was highly alarming.
On the one hand, it was clear that the sender knew precisely where he slept, and on the other hand, the way it had been worded made it look like Mr H. Potter was very dead and buried.
He didn't know which was worse.
Casting a glance at Professor Dumbledore, who was still watching him expectantly, Harry turned the letter over again and slipped his thumb under the flap, breaking the wax seal and opening the envelope.
He didn't know what he had expected, but it was a letter informing him that he had a place at Hogwarts, and a list of necessary items.
Was it customary that the headmaster delivered acceptance letters personally?
That seemed unlikely, since a letter usually implied post.
Had the fidelius charm interfered with owls?
"Very curious," said Professor Dumbledore.
"What's curious?"
Harry could not help asking.
His gaze flickered over to Petri, who was standing stiffly to the side, expression blank.
"My boy, forgive me.
I consider myself to be gifted with a very good memory, but it seems I have already forgotten your name," said Professor Dumbledore.
"Alas, a reminder is perhaps not the remedy here."
He turned to Petri again.
"I admit I find myself impressed, Joachim.
But perhaps it is not so surprising.
I recall you had a particular touch with the fidelius."
Petri flinched.
"It is one of my specialities," he agreed, carefully.
"All the same, I am terribly curious to understand how Harry Potter disappeared without a trace from the care of his relatives two years ago, only to appear now in the heart of wizarding London," said Professor Dumbledore.
"See for yourself," said Petri, finally looking up.
There was some kind of wordless exchange between them, and then Professor Dumbledore slumped slightly, as if a new weight had been added to his shoulders.
"Clever," he said.
"All the same, I believe it would best if Harry returned to his relatives until it comes time for him to attend Hogwarts."
The Dursleys?
Harry made a face, just as Petri said, "His muggle relatives?
Surely you jest."
"He is not like you, Joachim," said Professor Dumbledore.
"Of course not," said Petri.
"That is irrelevant."
"Magic does not make worth," Professor Dumbledore said, his eyes losing their twinkle.
It felt like a reprimand, but Harry didn't understand what he meant.
He noticed that Petri's hand twitched towards his wand pocket.
There was a pause, and then Professor Dumbledore said, "I see we are at an impasse."
He suddenly drew his wand, and every hair on Harry's body stood on end.
Petri, if anything, seemed even more affected, for he immediately fixed his gaze upon the wand and looked ready to take a step back or turn and apparate away at a moment's notice.
"This is hardly your style," Petri said.
Professor Dumbledore angled his wand to point down towards the floor, his eyes twinkling again.
"You misunderstand, Joachim," he said.
"Harry is very important to the future of the wizarding world, more important than you could know.
I simply require your word.
I hope you would agree that that is more, my style, as you say."
Petri gave a jerky nod.
"Protect Harry, even from yourself," said Professor Dumbledore.
"Do this for him, if not me.
Do I have your word?"
Petri was still staring at Professor Dumbledore's wand.
It was a peculiar wand, Harry thought, very long and not smooth like the others he had seen, but bulging at intervals with what seemed to be carvings of berries.
"You have it," said Petri, at length.
"Don't you think that I don't know what you're doing."
"I wouldn't dare imagine that you didn't, my boy," said Professor Dumbledore.
Harry thought, rather inappropriately, that it was a little funny to hear Petri, old as he was, be called "boy," and had to hold back a giggle.
Petri grimaced.
"But I see that I've overstayed my welcome.
I shall see you at Hogwarts, Harry," Professor Dumbledore added, with a brief glance back.
Harry watched him ascend the stairs in bewilderment.
Hadn't he claimed to have forgotten Harry's name?
The casket door slammed shut, and Petri collapsed onto a chair.
Harry didn't think he'd ever seen the man look so out of sorts, and was almost concerned.
"Who was that?"
he asked.
"Did he just threaten you—us?"
"That," said Petri, "was Albus Dumbledore, the Supreme Mugwump and the most powerful wizard in the world.
His very presence is threat enough."
"What's Supreme Mugwump mean?"
Harry asked, trying not to snort at the strange title, given the seriousness of the context.
"The head of the International Confederation of Wizards," said Petri.
Harry nodded.
That sounded very important indeed.
Someone like that was the headmaster of Hogwarts?
Then he remembered something else.
"How did he see through the fidelius charm?
I thought that was impossible!
And why did he want me to go back to the Dursleys, I mean, my relatives?"
"He did not see through the fidelius as much as around it," said Petri.
"Rest assured, he still has no way of knowing that you are Harry Potter, as little as it matters.
As for the muggles, I do not know.
He's a muggle-lover, but that cannot be the only reason."
"Oh.
Couldn't someone else do the same thing with the fidelius?"
Harry asked.
Petri shook his head.
"I doubt it.
Dumbledore is an almost unparalleled genius," he said.
"How do you know him?"
Harry asked.
"About fifty years ago, there was a war on the Continent," Petri said.
Harry nodded, thinking of the Second World War and wondering if wizards had been involved in that.
"Dumbledore ended it, nearly single-handedly.
Afterwards he spoke for me, saved me from prison, even though we were enemies.
Perhaps he pitied me; I do not know his reasoning."
Harry privately thought that Dumbledore had made the wrong choice, seeing as Petri had obviously done all kinds of illegal things since then, and probably deserved to be in prison.
"Oh," he said instead.
He frowned, and then asked, "But wait, he came to see me.
Why?
He said I was important, but I don't understand how."
"I don't know," Petri said sharply, "but it may have something to do with your defeat of the Dark Lord."
"Maybe he thinks it means I'm good at magic," Harry suggested.
Petri snorted; humour seemed to revive him somewhat.
"You're above average for your age," he allowed.
"But I doubt you could manage the Dark Lord again, if you can't manage me."
Harry made a face and opened his mouth to say something that would probably be stupid enough to earn him a stinging hex, but then he remembered that he was still holding his Hogwarts letter and changed course.
"Am I going to Hogwarts, then?
Not Durmstrang?"
"Yes, so it seems," said Petri, his face rather pinched.
"Dumbledore did appear to be under that impression."
He took a glance at the supply list.
"I don't have half these things," he said.
"We can go to Diagon Alley later," said Petri, sighing deeply.
"When does term start?"
Harry looked over his letter.
"Term begins on September 1," he read, "We await your owl by no later than July 31, wait, do we need to owl the school?"
"I would imagine not, since the headmaster himself came to see you," said Petri.
Harry wasn't convinced.
"But what if they don't let me go because of something stupid like that?"
he said.
"I'll send a letter.
Wait, what do I write?
Just 'I accept?'"
Petri sighed.
"You may waste parchment when you get your own."
"I'll write it on the back of this," Harry said stubbornly, flipping over his acceptance letter.
Petri did not stop him when he walked over to the table to grab one of the self-inking quills lying there.
Harry found himself very excited to be going to Hogwarts.
He had got used to Petri, and there was no way he wanted to go back to the likes of the Dursleys, but that didn't meant he wanted to spend every waking moment in the dark wizard's presence or else trapped inside a piece of luggage.
At Hogwarts, without Dudley around, maybe he could even make some friends.
On the morning of Harry's birthday, they received an owl from Professor Dumbledore with the key to Harry's vault enclosed.
It was entirely news to Harry that he had such a vault, but he supposed it made sense that his parents hadn't left him with nothing, given that his father at least had been a pureblood wizard from a relatively old family.
Why Professor Dumbledore had the key was not explained, but Harry acknowledged the wisdom of keeping such a thing out of the hands of the Dursleys.
Even if they couldn't have taken the money for themselves, he had no doubt that they would have conveniently "forgotten" to tell him about it.
"You'd best not go near Gringotts," Petri said, and went to retrieve Harry's money alone.
Harry was fairly certain, after contemplating the matter at length, that even Gornuk Turnlink would not be able to recognise him, but he still had nightmares sometimes about being trapped and was in no hurry to go back into the tunnels.
He was stuck in the trunk instead, but at least he knew he could get out.
There was no need to go, anyway, even if he didn't trust Petri.
Harry had kept Nalrod's ledger as a memento and a reminder, but he was not above using it for its intended purpose.
It was enchanted in a way that Petri had been entirely unable to decipher, but it was obvious how it worked.
It showed the amount of money in all the vaults Nalrod had been in charge of.
Harry had only needed to press his key to the key-shaped indent in the cover to get his own vault added to the book.
He had the rather mind-blowing sum of 51,246 galleons in his vault, though as he watched the number revised itself down a hundred, presumably due to Petri's withdrawal.
The total was enough to purchase a nice flat in Carkitt Market, according to Petri, though he would be very broke afterwards and probably could not afford to pay the property tax.
Harry didn't care about that.
The point was that he was rich!
It didn't bother him that Petri insisted he spend his own money, because it meant he could buy his things new instead of second-hand like Petri most definitely would have wanted.
After nine years suffering the sight of Dudley being spoiled rotten while Harry got nothing but scraps, he wanted to indulge himself for a change.
Not to that extent, of course—he had no desire to become a pig in a wig—just a little.
He knew how much money was in Petri's vault, too, since it had been one of Nalrod's.
Petri was also rich, but to Harry's astonishment, he had less than Harry did.
His vault contained just short of forty thousand galleons.
Harry wondered where his parents had got so much money, especially given that they had died very young.
Perhaps the money was from his grandparents' generation.
The trunk lid opened with a click and a hiss, and Petri's stern face peered inside.
The ladder unfolded itself and Harry scrambled up to the surface.
Petri handed him a jingling bag of coins.
"Thanks," said Harry.
"A hundred galleons, right?"
"Yes," said Petri, looking askance at the ledger tucked under Harry's arm.
"That should be more than enough for your school things."
They flooed into the Leaky Cauldron, as usual.
An old, short wizard in a top hat sat at the table immediately by the fireplace, and Harry instinctively ducked his head to avoid being seen, even though he knew he couldn't be recognised.
He was sure that this same wizard had bowed to him in a muggle shop once.
Were English wizards really so obsessed with Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived?
They really were, as he was soon to find out.
Petri took Harry to Flourish and Blotts first, probably since he was also interested in buying a book or two.
All the set books for Hogwarts were up front, as it was the season for school shopping, so Harry picked out the ones he needed within a minute.
Petri already had the Standard Book of Spells in every grade, Magical Theory, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, and the self-updating edition of A History of Magic, so Harry did not need to get those.
The Standard Book was a little old, and an edition behind, but Petri assured him that there would be little substantive difference and Harry already knew most of the spells in the first book, anyway.
While he waited for Petri, who was browsing the Divination section, Harry glanced at the fiction shelves and had to do a double take—his name was everywhere!
From Harry Potter and the Dragon Rider to The Adventures of Harry Potter, Boy Auror, there was an entire shelf dedicated to what appeared to be stories about him.
He was flabbergasted and had to pull one from the shelf and take a look.
"Harry waved his wand and summoned a wall of fire, stalling the dragon as its iron suit melted in the heat.
'Only a fool would armour a dragon!'
he cried victoriously.
He looked back to his sidekick, Rupert.
'Rupert, take the lady and run.
I'll hold him off!'
he ordered.
Rupert climbed onto the magic carpet..." Harry scowled, finding it disturbing to see himself depicted as some kind of fantasy hero.
"It's not even good," he muttered, closing the book and slipping it back into its place.
"There you are."
It was Petri.
He glanced at the shelf Harry had been staring at and sneered.
"Plenty of wizards try to profit from others' achievements."
"They're not even good," Harry complained.
"You'd best hope they never get better," said Petri, and Harry supposed he had a point.
He paid twenty-one galleons for the rather pricey textbooks—The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection had been a whopping seven galleons—and they left.
Petri did not buy anything in the end.
As they exited, they passed right by Lucius Malfoy, who was entering the shop.
The man paid them no mind, not even to sneer.
Harry stiffened despite himself.
They headed next door to Madam Malkin's.
Harry had just about outgrown his current robes, to the point where his ankles showed even when he stood still, so it was perfect timing for new ones.
When they arrived, a very familiar blond boy was already being fitted in the back.
Harry took one look at him and almost turned around to leave, but Petri was blocking the door so he couldn't without making a scene.
"Hogwarts, dear?"
asked Madam Malkin, and Harry nodded.
"Oh, Mr. Peters.
Is this your son?"
"My nephew," said Petri.
He leaned down and whispered in Harry's ear, "Play nicely."
As if Harry needed to hear that.
More loudly, he said, "I'll be across the street to fetch your potions kit.
Stay here."
And to make sure of it, Petri took Harry's money with him.
Harry let him, because he honestly did not trust himself not to get into some kind of trouble.
Madam Malkin ushered Harry onto a stool right next to Lucius Malfoy's son.
The other boy glanced over to Harry curiously, earning a reprimand from the witch fitting him, which he entirely ignored.
"Hello.
Hogwarts too?"
asked the boy, who evidently did not recognise Harry at all even if the converse was not true.
"Yes," said Harry, not daring to nod now that he was draped in pinned fabric.
"Father's next door buying my books and Mother's up the street looking at wands," said the young Malfoy.
Harry could not remember if he had sounded this spoilt the last time they had met, but he was definitely verging on Dudley's level.
The boy started to go on about how he was going to smuggle a broom into Hogwarts despite the first year ban, a broom he apparently did not even yet have.
"I saw your father at Flourish and Blotts," Harry said, just to get him to shut up.
"Malfoy, right?"
He bit back a grimace as the boy practically preened.
"That's right.
Heard of us have you?
I'm Draco Malfoy.
What's your surname?"
"Potter," said Harry, without thinking.
"Potter, like Harry Potter?"
"Yes, like that," said Harry, feeling suddenly confident.
It was a far cry from the last time Harry had told Draco Malfoy his name.
There was not much reaction at all, and Malfoy only nodded absently.
Despite himself, Harry was a little amused at his strange anonymity.
"So, do you know what house you'll be sorted in?"
Malfoy asked.
"No," said Harry, wincing as he was stuck with a pin.
"Sorry, dear," said Madam Malkin.
"It's fine.
How do they decide?"
Harry asked.
"I'm not sure.
It's a secret," Malfoy admitted, "but all the same I know I'll be in Slytherin.
That's where my family's been for generations.
Imagine being in Hufflepuff, I think I'd leave, wouldn't you?"
"You wouldn't really leave?"
Harry asked, sceptical.
He didn't know anything about the Hogwarts houses, but he couldn't imagine that any of them was really worse than the others.
"What would you do instead?"
"Well, Father's mentioned sending me to Durmstrang, but Mother doesn't want me to go there, says it's too far," said Malfoy.
"But Hufflepuff."
Harry was pleased that they had turned to the topic of Durmstrang, about which he was ironically more knowledgeable than about Hogwarts.
Petri had gone to Durmstrang himself, and he told stories on occasion.
"It is far," Harry said.
"It's up north on the Continent, on top of a mountain, somewhere really cold."
Malfoy made a face, and Harry gathered he didn't much like the cold.
"Father says they don't accept riff-raff there, not like Hogwarts.
Hogwarts takes all sorts.
Can you imagine, some of them have never even heard of it until they get their letters?"
Harry guessed that Malfoy was talking about mudbloods, but even Harry knew better now than to say the word in public.
They were called muggle-borns here.
There hadn't been any muggle-borns to speak of in Germany, as far as Harry had known, but they were a third of the population in Britain.
Petri complained about it all the time, almost as much as Uncle Vernon used to (and probably still did) complain about foreigners.
Harry frowned a little.
He knew what it was like to grow up knowing nothing about magic.
It had hardly been his fault, and it was the same for muggle-borns.
He was about to say as much to Malfoy when the witch pinning the blond boy's robes said, "You're all done," and let him step down from the stool.
"I suppose I'll see you at Hogwarts," said Malfoy, and allowed himself to be led to the front of the shop.
Harry was not sorry to see him go.
Petri came in several minutes later, thankfully after Lucius Malfoy had already stopped by to collect his son.
Harry took his money and paid for his new robes and shirts, and a set of black and grey striped ties which would change to the right colour once he was sorted, if he put his wand to them and said the name of his house.
He deposited everything inside the cauldron Petri was carrying like a shopping basket.
"What is left?"
Petri asked.
"Scales and telescope," said Harry.
"We will have to go to Wiseacre's.
Do not forget, you need parchment too," said Petri.
"Ooh," Harry said, admiring a gaudy green quill in the window of Amanuensis Quills.
"You would look ridiculous writing with that," said Petri.
Harry scowled, even though he privately agreed.
The pinions had not been stripped much either, so he suspected it was more decorative than intended for actual use.
They stopped by Scribbulus Writing Instruments instead, which sold a much more sensible array of quills, though it had a wider variety of inks, including a colour-change ink that flashed a different bright shade every few seconds.
Harry picked up a bottle of regular black ink, two seven-yard scrolls of parchment, a twenty-nine pack of loose sheets, and a dozen cheap goose quills.
If he asked nicely, Petri might enchant them to self-ink.
At any rate, the self-inking quills in the shop cost as much as all the ones he bought combined, so he decided against them.
They went to Wiseacre's to pick up a collapsible brass telescope and a set of scales, as well as a basic trunk, and used the shop's floo to return home directly.
"Can you make these self-inking?"
Harry asked Petri, taking out his new quills.
"Can you make them self-inking?"
Petri asked him in return.
Harry frowned at the impromptu assignment.
It was his birthday.
Knowing that an appeal from sentiment was unlikely to work, Harry resigned himself to considering the problem.
"The quill has to get the ink from the bottle, but not all the time or it'll overflow," he said.
"It should only ink itself when you've run out.
No, why?
It should just stay fully inked and replenish itself whenever you use some.
A switching spell to switch old and new ink?"
"That could work," Petri said, and Harry got the impression that it in fact could not work at all, "but it would be very inefficient.
Can you tell me why?"
"Well it would switch every second or so even when you're not using it.
That's too much," said Harry.
"So put a conditional charm on if the tip is pressing on something.
I can't do that, though."
Not that he could cast a switching spell, either.
"Suppose you could.
It's a theoretical exercise," said Petri.
"Okay, so a conditional charm.
Switch every time there's pressure.
Is that it?"
Harry asked.
"A good attempt," said Petri, picking up one of Harry's new quills, "but such an advanced switching spell is beyond all but masters of transfiguration.
There is also the question of what you would do if the ink runs out."
"Can't you refill it?"
Harry asked.
He'd seen Petri cast the spell on a glass of water before, in lieu of using the water-making spell again.
"I could," said Petri.
"Why does anybody buy ink?"
Harry asked.
"Convenience," said Petri, "and of course the quality degrades if you refill it.
A good-quality refill is more trouble than it's worth.
Then there is magical or metal-based ink, which you cannot duplicate."
Harry supposed that that was why Petri never duplicated their food.
Still, he was curious.
"But it's possible to make a good refill?
How?"
Petri sighed.
"I have a book on this, somewhere.
Forget about the refill for now.
How will you bring the ink to your quill?
And keep in mind that whatever you do must persist after sharpening."
Harry thought about it a bit more and then sighed in frustration.
"I don't know," he said.
"The switching spell was my only guess."
"The quills at the shop are most likely specially designed," Petri said.
"It is a quill shop, not an enchanter's shop.
There is a tube in the shaft that holds ink, and they cast the refilling charm on the tube."
"So it's a fountain pen?"
Harry demanded, feeling a little cheated.
"More or less," Petri agreed, "But there is a way to charm a regular quill."
He was not forthcoming with the solution, so Harry was forced to think some more.
A little hesitantly, he asked, "How does that blood-drawing spell you use work?"
"Good.
That's a variant of the siphoning charm," Petri said, smiling.
"You could use it to draw the ink into the quill.
A good solution.
But in fact you do not need to siphon the ink anywhere.
You only need a linking charm, which you will learn much later."
Petri performed the enchantment then.
It was a long string of wand movements and a chant that verged on a tongue twister.
He used the quill to write the enchantment for Harry.
"First we set the linking charm between the quill and the inkwell.
The charm does not care whether there's any ink.
Set the conditional charm on pressure, along the shaft and not only the tip, and relative movement between ends.
This is important so that the quill does not bleed ink everywhere.
End with the nullity charm.
Simple," said Petri.
Given that Harry could not cast any of the spells involved, other than the nullity charm, he would hardly consider it simple, but was glad for the functioning quill.
Petri quickly repeated the enchantment on several of the others Harry had bought as well.
"That should suffice," he said.
"Thanks," said Harry.
He packed all his equipment in his new trunk, which also had an extension charm on it but only a modest one that doubled the depth and width, and they ventured into Petri's library to retrieve the schoolbooks he hadn't bought, so as to have them all in one place.
Petri summoned them all by their titles, along with Duplication for Two, by Ambrose Dagworth, which was about how to duplicate things effectively.
They took the books out of the trunk and Harry sat down on his bed to read the duplication book.
On the first page, unsurprisingly, were the instructions for the duplication charm.
The incantation was geminio, and the book warned that any simple duplicate was of inferior quality and would fade after a time.
What "inferior quality" meant apparently depended on the original item, but the only thing that could be reliably duplicated was quartz, and it still wasn't permanent.
Harry tried to duplicate one of his practice leaves and ended up with a very sad, very withered copy that seemed to evaporate when he tried to touch it.
He put away his wand in favour of reading a bit more.
Essentially permanent, quality-preserving duplication was possible, as Petri had suggested, but it was a type of alchemy, which was beyond anything taught at wizarding schools.
It involved infusing the property of quartz into the item in question using a very complicated-looking transfiguration, duplicating the object as usual, and then submerging it into an even more complicated-looking potion.
And of course, this process only worked on non-enchanted items, and there was an extra factor to be added for every kind of material in the item.
Harry saw what Petri meant when he said that it was more effort than it was worth, but the idea was still interesting.
The author suggested that once someone had mastered this method, they could then go on to duplicate valuable items or circumvent the "Principle Exceptions to Gamp's Law," whatever that was, and make an infinite food or gold supply.
Infinite food did sound rather good to Harry, but he wasn't sure he really wanted to eat food that "had the property of quartz" and had been dipped into a potion full of strange ingredients.
"Do you know alchemy?"
Harry asked Petri later, wondering why he had this book at all.
"No," said Petri.
"I have only basic transfiguration and potions skill.
I am sure plenty of wizards own that book, even though the vast majority do not practise alchemy at all.
Almost everyone fantasizes about effective duplication.
As much as you wanted or needed of anything?
No more scarcity.
It would be a utopia.
Unfortunately, alchemy is the very opposite of easy."
Harry nodded, looking regretfully at the book.
Petri was right.
He wanted the powers described in that book, could imagine them and what he would do with them, but it seemed hopelessly difficult compared even to other desirable spells that were currently far out of his reach.
Maybe after Hogwarts, probably after his apprenticeship ended, he could go back to the topic.
"But does that mean nobody can do this?"
he asked.
"If even just one person could, wouldn't there still be no more scarcity?"
"There are people who can," Petri said.
"Albus Dumbledore, for example, and his old alchemy master, Nicolas Flamel.
But it still isn't so efficient.
They could make everything they need, but not everything everyone else needs."
Harry set the book aside and lay down on his bed.
Magic could do amazing things, but it still wasn't enough to solve people's problems.
Maybe a wizard like Albus Dumbledore could do everything for himself, using just magic, but most witches and wizards Harry had seen weren't very good at more than one or two kinds of magic.
He thought it was a bit of a waste.
Harry only knew anything about charms, and maybe a little about conjuration and divination, but only the kind that was dark magic and not really useful.
That was why there had to be a place like Hogwarts, he concluded.
Hogwarts had some of everything.
Harry smiled to himself.
He couldn't wait.
A/N: Readers may be pleased to hear that this story has finally acquired a plot.
Yes; only after 100k words of rambling nonsense has it occurred to me that something of the sort might be necessar.
efore he knew it, it was September the first, and Harry was stumbling out of the floo with his heavy trunk throwing him off balance.
Petri came out right after him and ushered him out of the way as the fire flared green again.
Harry was staring, mouth agape, at the shining, scarlet steam engine perched on the narrow tracks.
That wasn't what he had expected at all.
An embossed metal sign board hanging from the ceiling read: Platform 9 ¾.
The platform was packed with students and their families, and was a cacophonous mess.
Owls of all shapes and sizes screeched over the dull roar of human voices.
Small children, too young for Hogwarts, ran amok through the sea of adults, screaming.
Harry saw several parents crying and squeezing their reluctant and embarrassed children.
Harry was a little glad, then, that he just had Petri, who couldn't care less.
"One last thing before you leave," said Petri.
"If you see the headmaster, try to avoid looking into his eyes.
He can see your thoughts and even your memories."
"You mean he can read minds?"
Harry demanded.
"Not exactly, but you can think of it like that," said Petri.
"It's very hard to stop, so the best would be not to make eye contact," said Petri.
He glanced up at the large golden clock that hovered above the train.
"You should board.
The train leaves in ten minutes."
"Right," said Harry, still reeling with the revelation of possible mind reading.
No eye contact.
Now he was reluctant to make eye contact with anybody, just in time to make first impressions.
"Er, bye, I suppose.
I'll see you at Christmas."
"Don't forget to practise," said Petri.
Harry scowled, dragging his trunk along behind him.
Petri had given him a journal full of enchanting exercises.
He hadn't set a deadline, and had warned that they might be beyond his level, but Harry knew he would feel like an idiot if he didn't manage to complete at least some of them before the term was up.
He had also told Harry to continue practising to improve his reanimation spell.
He was eager to try, but not so sure where he was supposed to get perfectly preserved animal corpses.
He certainly wasn't about to cast the killing curse.
Recalling that he was a wizard, Harry dropped his trunk and pointed his wand at it, casting the locomotion charm and directing it to move ahead of him.
At the train door, he gave his wand a swish and flick and his trunk rose a foot and cleared the edge of gap.
Magic was brilliant.
He spied other first years, and even older students, struggling with their trunks, and grinned to himself.
He wondered if he might be ahead.
The thought was a novel, exciting one.
He'd never truly been ahead academically in his life.
Earning better marks than Dudley had resulted in yelling from Aunt Petunia and a stint in the cupboard with no meals, and Dudley had not exactly been the paragon of excellence.
Harry had stopped trying soon enough, and even his lazy, half-finished work struggled to perform worse than Dudley's best (though Harry suspected Dudley had never tried, either).
There were no Dursleys here to stop him from doing his best now, and anyway, didn't he want to learn all kinds of magic?
If he did, he would have to pay attention in lessons and even revise, something he'd never done before, but did theoretically know how to do.
Harry searched for somewhere to sit.
Despite there being fewer than ten minutes until departure, the corridor was nearly deserted, and the shaded compartment windows showed singular murky figures within as he peered through them.
Everybody was still out on the platform, saying their last goodbyes.
Harry found an empty compartment towards the back of the train car he had entered, and tugged on the handle.
The door slid open with a rattle and thud.
Stepping inside, he closed it more carefully behind him.
There was space for six inside, perhaps more.
The leather-upholstered seats had no dividers or armrests.
He levitated his trunk up to the luggage rack and sat down in the corner with a sigh.
Looking out the window provided some distraction, but it was difficult to pick out much in the chaos of the platform.
Petri was long gone, of course.
Harry leapt to his feet and and rummaged around in his trunk for something to read.
After some indecision, he selected One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi, figuring that he should at least look into the subjects he was unfamiliar with.
Unfortunately, the book was less of a textbook than a reference.
It reminded him of the Complete Compendium of Charms, only for Herbology.
He wasn't sure if reading about magical plants in alphabetical order was the most efficient way of learning about them.
All the same, he was too lazy to go through his trunk again, so he resigned himself to reading about aconite.
He had hardly got through the first sentence and discovered that it was also called monkshood and wolfsbane when the door to the compartment burst open and a girl with a massive mane of bushy brown hair poked her head inside.
She was dressed smartly in a button-up blouse and knee-length grey skirt, but no robes.
"Oh, sorry," she said, "I thought it was empty.
Wait, are you a first year?
I am too.
That's our Herbology reference.
It's ever so interesting, isn't it?
I think it's all so interesting!
I've learned all our books by heart, of course.
I hope it will be enough.
Nobody in my family's magic, so I didn't know about any of this until Professor McGonagall came to show us.
What about you?"
She said all this in a single breath.
Harry stared over the edge of his forgotten book as she came inside without so much as asking, dragging her trunk behind her with some difficulty and closing the shuddering door behind her with her foot.
She glanced with some trepidation between the trunk and the overhead rack.
"Let me help," Harry said, deciding to address the immediate problem first.
"Wingardium Leviosa," he murmured, swishing and flicking in his wand in a by now reflexive motion.
The trunk rose up in the air and set itself down gently on the rack.
"Wow, that's the levitation charm," said the excitable girl rather redundantly as she took a seat across from him.
Harry fought the urge to frown.
"I've tried a few spells, and they've all worked for me, but I haven't tried that one yet.
Are your parents wizards?"
"My parents are dead," he said, with a little guilty pleasure, as she instantly deflated and started to stammer an apology.
"But yes, they were a witch and wizard."
There was an awkward silence, which Harry regretted.
He finally managed, "So, er, what's your name?
I'm Harry Potter."
It was exceedingly odd to say it, because he could see how his name slipped right past the girl's awareness, her eyes glazing over for a fraction of a second.
He hoped she remembered at least part of it.
"Oh!"
She flushed.
"Right.
I'm Hermione Granger.
My parents are dentists."
She didn't seem to know what to say next.
Harry floundered for something a reply less awkward than, "That's nice."
He thought over the other things she had said.
"Did you really learn all our course books by heart?"
he asked.
"Not exactly, but close," she said, turning pink.
"I've read them all a dozen times."
Harry couldn't imagine why anyone would read a book front to back more than once.
Wasn't the point of references that they were supposed to be consulted as needed?
Still, intrigued and a little incredulous, he opened his book to a random page.
"What's murtlap, then?"
he asked.
"A murtlap is a sea creature that favours cool, shallow waters, and is commonly found on the coasts of Britain.
Under that there's a drawing of one, looks a bit like a rat with an anemone on its back.
The tentacles on a murtlap's back are poisonous when fresh, but safe to eat after pickling with vinegar.
Pickled murtlap tentacles, when consumed, increase jinx resistance, though too much will result in the growth of purple ear hair.
Soaking—" "Wow," Harry said, cutting her off when it became apparent that she wasn't going to stop on her own until she finished the entry.
"That's practically word for word."
He was impressed, despite himself.
Even holding a remembrall to keep him on track, he could only recall perhaps half the information in a book, and would certainly not be able to recite passages on command.
He was about to tell her so, but just then, there was a loud whistle from outside, no doubt to warn stragglers to board, and immediately thereafter came a knock on the compartment door.
Harry and Hermione looked at each other but neither stood up.
The door opened a crack, and a boy with a chubby face peered in.
"O-oh, I'm sorry," he stammered.
There was sweat beading on his brow.
"I'll just..." "Come in," Harry said.
He patted the seat next to him.
"You can sit with us."
He glanced briefly at Hermione, but she didn't seem to have any objection.
The boy pushed the door open completely and revealed that he had a large toad clutched to his chest.
Harry could not fathom why anybody would want a toad for a pet, but he tried not to let it show in his face and instead turned to help with the trunk.
The boy, obviously a first year like them, judging from his grey tie, looked very intimidated when Harry took out his wand and cast the levitation charm.
"I'm Harry," said Harry, holding out a hand.
"N-Neville Longbottom," said the boy, shaking Harry's hand limply.
Harry bit back a grimace at the slimy feeling that he hoped was just sweat and not toad juice.
He surreptitiously wiped his hand on his robes.
Hermione introduced herself to Neville, and the boy sat down next to Harry, setting his toad on the empty seat by the door.
It croaked and its body pulsated revoltingly.
Harry looked away.
The train shuddered and then began to move, and he looked out the window to watch the receding faces of the crowd.
They travelled through a stretch of tunnel before they emerged into an open field that definitely did not look as if it belonged in the middle of London.
Harry quickly lost interest in the countryside and turned away.
He noticed Neville was eyeing his book like he wanted to say something, and asked "Do you know much about herbology?"
"I love plants," said Neville.
"Gran's got greenhouses at home, and I have my own section that I tend.
I'll miss it, but, Hogwarts, right?"
He looked down immediately after he finished speaking, as if horrified that he'd said so much.
"Right," said Harry.
"So you live with your grandmother?"
It was his turn to feel insensitive as Neville shrank down even further and nodded wordlessly.
Obviously something had happened to Neville's parents as well.
He tried to change the subject.
"So er, do you know what house you want to be in?"
He glanced at Hermione as well.
Harry had picked up Hogwarts, a History from Flourish and Blotts after he realised that he was almost completely ignorant about the school.
The book turned out not to be all that interesting but he had got far enough to learn about the houses.
"Gran wants me to be in Gryffindor, like my parents were," said Neville, looking miserable, "but I'll probably end up in Hufflepuff."
"Nothing wrong with Hufflepuff," Harry said quickly, just to spite Draco Malfoy in his head.
Perhaps he had a biased opinion of Malfoy because of his slimy father, but the boy had not exactly made a great impression at the robe shop where they'd last met.
Still, Neville didn't seem to believe him either, judging by his slightly green face.
"There are plenty of famous wizards from Hufflepuff," Hermione said.
Harry noticed she didn't give any examples.
"Although I'd like to be in Gryffindor as well.
It seems the best by far.
I hear Dumbledore himself was in it.
Ravenclaw wouldn't be so bad either."
Hermione turned her gaze expectantly on Harry, and Neville peeked at him beneath his fringe.
"Oh, er, I haven't thought about it much," he said.
That was a lie.
He had thought about it rather a lot and tried to match himself with the house characteristics, but had failed to come up with anything definitive.
"Gryffindor seems good," he said, since that seemed to be Hermione's and Neville's house of choice.
He wasn't sure he wanted to be in the same house as them—Hermione was a bit overbearing and Neville too meek—but it wouldn't be intolerable.
"But I wouldn't mind any of the other houses, either."
"Gran would disown me if I made Slytherin," Neville said gloomily.
"Because it's the house You-Know-Who was in?"
Hermione asked.
"And the Death Eaters," Neville added, just as Harry was about to ask who "You-Know-Who" was supposed to be.
The Dark Lord; right.
Why had Hermione picked this moment to bring that up?
"That doesn't mean Slytherin's all bad, though," Harry said, trying for a more optimistic angle.
"It's just a house."
Neville looked a bit peaky at the suggestion, however, so Harry didn't press the topic.
"There are more dark wizards from Slytherin than any other house," Hermione said.
Harry frowned at her, though she hardly seemed notice it.
He tried to think of some other topic for discussion.
Still, he could not help wondering if he was a dark wizard, and whether that meant he was destined for Slytherin, too, and whether everybody thought like Neville and Hermione.
Well, clearly not everybody, given Draco Malfoy, but he was sort of a git.
Harry's eyes landed on Neville's toad, and he said, "Er, Neville, nice toad."
He cringed a little at how awkward he sounded.
Neville seemed to brighten up at his interest, however.
"Oh, this is Trevor.
He was a gift from my Uncle Algie, for doing my first accidental magic," Neville said.
His face screwed up a little, then.
"Before that, they were afraid I was a squib."
The way he said it, it was obvious that in his mind, being a squib was Very Bad.
"Oh," said Harry, wondering how every topic he managed to bring up seemed to be a bad one.
"Er, well, you're going to Hogwarts, so you probably have lots of magic."
Harry was fairly certain that it was true, anyway.
According to Hogwarts, a History, Hogwarts only accepted fairly powerful witches and wizards, unlike Durmstrang, which accepted students based on blood status, or Beauxbatons, which valued special talents.
This was one of the reasons why Hogwarts was supposedly the best European school.
"Right," said Neville, smiling weakly.
Harry half expected Hermione to bring up the information from Hogwarts, a History, which she must have read, as corroboration, but instead, she said, "What was your first accidental magic?
I did a few things, like getting books off tall shelves and such, but at the time I thought I was just imagining things."
She turned a little pink at that.
"I fell out of the window," said Neville, and Harry and Hermione stared a little.
"But I bounced!
Gran was so pleased.
We celebrated with cake.
And the next day, my Uncle Algie gave me Trevor!"
This appeared to be a good memory for Neville, so Harry didn't say anything.
When Hermione looked like she was ready to protest, he said quickly, "The first time I remember, I turned my teacher's wig blue.
I got in trouble for it, even though there was no way I could have done it, that anyone knew of."
"You live with muggles?"
Hermione asked astutely.
"Yes, my aunt and uncle," said Harry.
"But I don't live with them anymore."
"Oh," said Hermione, but she didn't ask why.
Maybe she was afraid that they had died, too.
Harry's thoughts briefly wandered to the Dursleys, and how they might be doing without him.
Were they happier, or had they not even noticed that he was gone?
Neville, having missed the part of the conversation about Harry's parents, asked, "Where do you live now?"
"Er, with another uncle," said Harry, not entirely sure if that was the story he was meant to go with.
He supposed he might as well go all the way, and added, "He's a half vampire."
Neville's eyes got very round.
"Half v-vampire?"
he stammered.
"Are you..." He flushed, trailing off.
"Oh, er," Harry said, wondering what to say.
His first instinct was to deny it, because of course he wasn't, but then there was the matter of his recently acquired allergy to garlic and roses.
It might be easier to pass that off as something inherited, rather than explain how he had been attacked by a vampire, who was also his landlord, so he said, "Only a little, don't worry."
"Are you really part vampire?"
Hermione asked.
"Are you sensitive to sunlight, then?
Or garlic?"
"Well not sunlight," said Harry.
"I can't do any vampire magic anyway.
But I am allergic to garlic."
"Fascinating," said Hermione, though Harry could not see how it was.
Neville seemed to agree with him, because he looked rather peaky.
"So, do muggles know about vampires?"
Neville asked Hermione.
"Well, they have myths," she said, "and I think they're fairly accurate.
Most muggles don't believe they exist, of course.
There's myths about witches too, but those are a bit off.
They're usually described as warty and evil."
"Sounds like a hag," Harry noted.
Neville shuddered.
"That's what I thought too, when I read about hags," said Hermione.
"Do they really eat children?
There's this fairy tale..." She was cut off by a knock on the door, which then opened to reveal an elderly lady pushing a trolley laden with what appeared to be snacks.
"Anything from the trolley, dears?"
she asked.
They all stood up to take a look.
"Do you have anything sugar-free?"
asked Hermione.
Upon receiving a negative answer, she sat back down.
"How can you have sweets without sugar?"
Neville asked her, mystified.
While Hermione started to educate Neville about tooth rot and sugar substitutes, Harry investigated the trolley.
As the woman had said, it was full of sweets.
Harry would have liked lunch, but unlike Hermione he wasn't scared of his teeth rotting.
If Dudley had survived with them all intact, then he could indulge in a Mars Bar or two.
There wasn't anything he recognised on the trolley, however; wizard sweets seemed much more elaborate than muggle ones.
They were expensive, too; it was two sickles for a chocolate frog, and five for a box of Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans.
The other sweets were only a sickle apiece, but they didn't seem to do anything special.
Harry compared to cabbage, which was three knuts a kilo, or nutritive potion, which was twelve sickles a firkin—that was enough to feed someone for months.
He shook his head and bought himself one of everything, even though he felt a little guilty.
He couldn't let Petri's stinginess rub off on him, or he'd go mad.
Hermione looked disapprovingly at his selection.
Neville had bought himself several cauldron cakes and licorice wands.
"I just wanted to try all the things," Harry said.
"I've never seen anything like this.
Are you sure you don't want any?"
"No thank you," she said.
Harry opened up the Every Flavour Beans and popped a white one into his mouth.
Then he promptly spat it back out.
"What?"
asked Neville.
"Soap, I think," said Harry, sticking out his tongue to air it.
Neville made a face.
Harry offered him the box.
"Thanks," said Neville.
He chewed cautiously.
"Strawberry."
"Lucky," said Harry.
Next he got grass, grapefruit, and tomato, which were all tolerable.
He wondered what spell or potion was used to make these highly realistic flavours, and whether it could be used in cooking.
Maybe if he combined it with a nutritive potion he could make it taste like something good.
"Some of these aren't sweet," he said, holding the box out to Hermione.
She looked cross, but after an awkward few seconds took a dark gray bean.
"What did you get?"
Harry asked, hoping it hadn't been bad.
"I'm not sure," she said.
Her face was screwed up in concentration.
"It tastes a bit like peanut butter, but not."
"Sesame?"
Neville asked.
"Probably," Hermione agreed.
The sesame bean seemed to warm her up to the concept, and they split the rest of the box amicably.
Hermione had enviable luck and did not get any of the disgusting ones.
Harry and Neville got their fair share, including gems like earwax, vomit, and sand.
Then Harry picked up the chocolate frog.
"They jump," Neville warned.
"I don't like eating those.
They're too realistic.
It reminds me of Trevor.
Wait, Trevor!"
The toad was gone from the seat.
Neville got up and searched under the seats and through the pile of sweets, but there was no sign of the toad.
"I've gone and lost him again," he said miserably.
"Again?"
Hermione asked.
Neville nodded.
"He's always trying to get away," he said.
"He must have got out when the trolley lady came," Hermione deduced.
"Maybe we can go and ask around the train.
Maybe someone's found him."
"We could try summoning him," Harry suggested.
"Is that a spell?"
asked Hermione.
"But you can't summon living things," Neville said.
"You can," said Harry, thinking of what Petri always said about overcoming magical flows.
"It's just much harder."
"Let's ask an older student," said Hermione.
"Let me try," said Harry, even though he didn't think it would work.
His summoning charm was rather terrible.
"Accio Trevor," he said, pointing his wand out the compartment door.
He waited awhile, but it didn't seem like anything was happening.
"All right, let's ask around."
Hermione went alone, up the train, and Harry went with Neville in the other direction, since it looked like a stiff wind could knock the timid boy down.
Harry wasn't too keen on barging into other peoples' compartments either, but he felt emboldened with company, even if Neville was a nervous wreck.
In the first compartment there were some polite second or third years—Hufflepuffs, judging by their ties—who told them they hadn't seen a toad.
They had no luck in the next two compartments either.
At the fourth compartment, the door was answered by a heavyset boy who reminded Harry strongly of Dudley, except not blond.
He spied Draco Malfoy inside, and wondered whether it would be too rude to simply leave without saying anything, but then Neville stammered his question.
"A toad?"
Draco drawled in disbelief.
"If I had a toad, I'd lose it as soon as I could."
His friend and another, similarly large boy, guffawed, as if he'd said something particularly witty, and Neville shrank into himself.
Then Draco noticed Harry.
"Oh, it's you," he said.
His face screwed up a little, and Harry took some pleasure in seeing how he was obviously trying to remember his name, but couldn't.
"Hello, Draco," said Harry.
He wondered if Draco would conclude that, since he couldn't remember it, Harry's name must be unimportant, but it seemed that the other boy at least remembered that he wasn't a mudblood.
"Hello," said Draco, clearly still at a loss.
"What are you doing with toad boy?"
"He's my friend," said Harry firmly.
Beside him, Neville brightened up considerably.
Draco seemed to consider this an endorsement, because he got to his feet and pushed his large friend out of the way to hold out his hand.
"I'm Draco, Draco Malfoy.
That's Crabbe, and that's Goyle."
Goyle was the Dudley lookalike, while Crabbe was taller and had a square jaw.
They both grunted and gave little other acknowledgment.
"Neville Longbottom," said Neville, without stuttering.
He shook Draco's hand cautiously.
"Pleasure to meet you.
Good luck finding your toad," said Draco, and though he obviously did not mean it, Harry took it as a sign of good will that he had bothered to say anything at all.
Any good spirits Neville might have worked up were dashed rather quickly as they went through compartment after compartment without any sign of Trevor.
They even met a fourth year Hufflepuff named Cedric Diggory who offered to try the summoning charm, but he couldn't manage it either, and looked a little dejected.
Harry assured him that summoning living things was very advanced, but he didn't look too pleased to be hearing it from a first year who hadn't even been sorted.
In the last compartment, a red-headed boy was sitting alone, nibbling rather miserably at a sandwich.
"Excuse me, have you seen a toad?"
Harry asked.
"Wha—?"
the boy asked, crumbs dribbling down his front.
"A toad?
No," he said, wiping his mouth on his sleeve.
Harry found himself comparing yet another person to Dudley.
He had the whole set—someone with Dudley's looks, someone with his personality, and now someone with his manners.
When he looked at it that way, he supposed that none of the people he'd met were all that bad after all.
"Oh, okay," said Harry.
"Wait," said the boy.
"You're first years, too, right?
I'm Ron Weasley.
What're your names?"
Harry and Neville introduced themselves.
"Do you want to sit with me?"
Ron asked.
"Sorry, we already have a compartment," Harry said.
"Can I come with you?"
Ron blurted, standing up.
His ears turned red, but he remained standing.
Harry thought he seemed a bit desperate.
"Fine," he said, glancing at Neville, who nodded as well.
The walk back to the compartment was spent in awkward silence, Neville too timid and Ron too embarrassed to start a conversation.
Harry simply had nothing to say.
Hermione had not returned by the time they got back.
Ron got several sandwiches out of his pocket as he sat and was shooting envious looks at the sweets piled on the middle seat.
Neville sat down with a deep sigh, obviously still worried about his toad.
"Trade you a cauldron cake for a sandwich," Harry said to Ron.
"Er, you don't want these, they're dry," Ron said, but Harry stuffed the cake into his hand.
"I haven't eaten real food in a year," he said, and a slack-jawed Ron let him remove the sandwich from his grip.
"What do you mean, mate?"
Ron asked, looking Harry up and down as if expecting him to be a skeleton.
"Nutritive potions, you know," said Harry.
"Provide a full meal's nutrition in one vial?
No?"
Ron looked horrified at the thought.
Harry gave him a sympathetic look.
"They're as bad as they sound," he said.
He unwrapped the sandwich and bit into it.
The salty flavour was heavenly.
"This is brilliant," he said.
"My mum made them," said Ron faintly.
"Your mum's brilliant," said Harry, and Ron's ears turned pink again.
"Here, you can have the rest," he said, and Harry passed him the chocolate frog in return.
After hearing Neville's description, he wasn't sure he much wanted to eat it.
"Thanks," they said at the same time.
Ron unwrapped the chocolate frog and expertly caught it as it attempted to hop away.
Neville averted his eyes, but Harry watched the animated frog curiously.
It was obviously enchanted, and not entirely trivially, at that.
He wondered why someone had gone to such lengths to spell a sweet.
Maybe it was to add value, so they could justify selling it at such an exorbitant price, or to differentiate it from other chocolate products.
Ron bit off its head, and it fell still.
He finished off the substantial piece of chocolate with great alacrity, and then pulled a stiff, pentagonal card out of the wrapper.
"Blodwyn Bludd," said Ron.
"I've got him already," he said, holding out the card.
"Here."
Harry took it and read the entry.
Apparently, Bludd was a vampire who was famous for singing to his victims before biting them.
Harry thought it was a bit of an odd thing to be famous for.
"What do I do with this?"
Harry asked.
"Collect it," said Ron.
"I've got over five hundred."
Harry immediately tried to calculate how much gold five hundred chocolate frogs would cost.
That would make a thousand sickles, which was over fifty galleons!
Then again, perhaps chocolate frogs cost less elsewhere than they did on the Hogwarts Express.
"Neville, do you want it?"
Harry asked.
Neville took the card and looked at it.
"Oh," he murmured, blanching as he read it.
He glanced nervously at Harry.
Just then, the compartment door opened, and Hermione entered, clutching Trevor to her chest, though Harry noticed that she had used the edge of her blouse as a sort of sling.
"Trevor!
Thank you!"
Neville cried, reaching out to take his toad.
Hermione traded it for the chocolate frog card.
"What's this?"
she asked, her eyes darting back and forth across it very quickly.
"Blodwyn Bludd," said Ron.
"I think it's pronounced like 'Bleethe,'" said Hermione.
Ron's face scrunched up incredulously.
"He's a bloody vampire," he said.
Harry wasn't sure whose point that helped.
"Don't swear," said Hermione, crossing her arms.
"I'll bloody swear if I like," said Ron petulantly, though he looked away the moment he said it.
Hermione huffed.
"What's your name, anyway?"
she asked.
"I'm Hermione Granger."
Harry was surprised she had thought to ask, after all that, but he supposed she had come back to the compartment to find an unknown, rude boy sitting in her spot.
"Ron Weasley," said Ron.
"You're in my seat," Hermione informed him, but she pushed some of Neville's licorice wands aside and sat down next to him instead.
"Mental," Harry saw Ron mouth.
"How'd you find him?"
Neville asked Hermione, regarding his toad.
"I found the prefect carriage," Hermione explained.
"It's up at the front of the train.
One of the seventh year prefects did the summoning charm."
"That's brilliant," said Neville.
"I wish could cast that charm."
"Want to learn?"
Harry asked.
"I'm no good at it but I know the theory."
"Where did you learn it?"
Hermione asked.
"It isn't in any of our spellbooks."
"My, er, uncle has this book, the Complete Compendium of Charms.
He's an enchanter," said Harry.
"I read about it in there."
"You know magic already?"
Ron asked.
"He knows the levitation charm," Hermione said.
"Show him."
Harry was a little annoyed to be expected to do magic like it was a trick, but he didn't as much mind the opportunity to show off a little.
It had been hard work, learning the spells he had.
He cast the levitation charm on the fallen chocolate frog wrapper, directing it onto the seat with the pile of sweets.
Ron looked impressed.
"Fred and George, my brothers I mean, gave me this spell," he said.
He reached into his pocket and, to everyone's surprise, pulled out a fat, slumbering rat.
Hermione squeaked a little.
Ron proceeded to chant a rhyme and tap his rat with a flourish of his wand.
Nothing happened.
"Er, are you sure that's a real spell?"
Hermione asked.
Ron turned bright red.
"I should've known," he muttered.
"They're always playing pranks."
"I think the spell you're looking for is 'colovaria,'" said Harry, remembering the first proper charm he'd ever learned.
"Look."
He cast it on the rat, but to his surprise and embarrassment, nothing happened, not even a blotchy change.
"Er, it usually works," he said.
"Let me try again."
He couldn't manage it the second time, either, despite putting all his focus into it.
He felt like he'd swallowed a stone, with everyone there watching him like that.
"It's all right," said Ron.
"You don't have to."
"I can do it," Harry insisted, frustrated at this sudden trouble with a simple spell.
Maybe the idea of a yellow rat was just too preposterous.
He pointed his wand at the seat.
"Colovaria!"
The entire front side of the compartment turned a solid sunflower yellow.
Not even the sweets were spared.
Only a gaping Ron and his stubbornly grey rat remained untouched.
Harry flushed a little, this time in exertion and concern that he had overreacted.
"Wow," said Neville.
"Ron, is your rat magical?"
Hermione asked, considering it shrewdly.
Of course!
Harry couldn't believe he hadn't thought of that in the first place.
He knew that living things were harder to charm than non-living ones due to their innate magical flow, but a magical rat would be even more difficult than a regular one.
"Er, I don't think so," said Ron.
"It has to be," said Harry.
"Magical things are much harder to charm than nonmagical ones."
Ron gave his rat a slightly more appreciative gaze.
"I s'pose that's pretty wicked," he said.
"But what can he do?
All he does is sleep."
"Maybe that's his power," said Neville.
"What kind of power is that?"
Ron demanded, and Neville wilted slightly.
Since Neville didn't ask about the summoning charm again, Harry turned his attention to his sweets, and tried a jelly slug.
It was rather disgusting.
The licorice wands were all right, as well as the pumpkin pasties, and there was also a relatively ordinary chocolate bar with a caramel centre that he thoroughly enjoyed.
Soon, a prefect came by to tell them to change into their robes, and that they would reach the station soon.
She did a double take at the sight of the bright yellow side of the compartment.
"What happened here?"
she demanded.
"Er, overenthusiastic colour-changing charm," said Harry.
The prefect had to cast the cancellation charm twice to get rid of it, obviously having initially underestimated the extent of the charm.
"Please refrain from casting any more magic before we get to Hogwarts," she said, before moving on to the next compartment.
Harry and Neville were already dressed in their robes, but they stepped out and Hermione and Ron took turns changing.
"Did you walk through King's Cross in your robes?"
Hermione asked them.
"King's Cross?"
Harry asked.
"The station," said Hermione with an air of impatience.
"I flooed in," said Harry.
"We apparated," said Neville, looking green at the thought.
Harry winced sympathetically.
"Apparition, I read about that.
It's like teleporting," said Hermione, "but what's floo?"
"You don't know about floo?"
asked Ron incredulously.
Hermione glared at him.
"It's travel by fireplace," Harry explained.
"You put this powder in the fire and then say where you're trying to go, and it feels like you're going through a tunnel really quickly."
"Oh," said Hermione.
"I suppose that, er, makes sense.
But Ron, isn't your family magical too?
You said your brothers gave you that prank spell."
Ron mumbled something about "lots of people," and "can't afford," turning red.
Not long after they had finished changing into their robes, the train slowed and then screeched to a halt.
Harry stuck his head out the window, but it was too dark to see anything properly.
A disembodied voice announced that they should disembark, and that their trunks would be taken up to the school for them.
Harry scrambled to stuff his forgotten Herbology text back into his trunk before he followed the others out.
Neville was struggling to fasten his cloak up ahead in the darkness.
Harry had forgotten his cloak entirely.
He shivered as he stepped off the train.
It was cool and misty on the platform, and difficult to see around the press of moving bodies.
Harry stumbled as he was pushed from several directions at once, and lost sight of the others who had been in his compartment.
He tried in vain to catch a glimpse of Hermione's bushy hair, and finally resolved to just follow the flow of the crowd.
A swinging lamp at the side of the platform caught his attention, and then he did a double take at the sight of the man holding it.
He was massive, easily twice as tall as Harry and several times as wide, and sported a beard like an overgrown bush that spilled down his front.
"Firs' years, firs' years, over here!"
the giant man shouted.
Harry managed to extricate himself from the sea of students and join the smaller group that had congregated around the man.
The platform cleared out soon enough, leaving only the first years.
Harry found himself towards the back, no familiar faces in sight.
They began to move, following the giant man.
Harry heard gasps up ahead, and as he finally rounded the corner with the rest, he found the cause—a majestic, sprawling castle could be seen on the opposite shore of a dark lake.
A thousand firelit windows twinkled, sending pinpricks of light dancing across the distant surface of the water.
Harry blinked rapidly, dazzled.
"No more th'n four to a boat," said the large man, and Harry noticed for the first time that there was a long row of narrow boats on the rocky bank.
He was one of the last, and everywhere he looked there were already four in each boat, until he came to the end.
He had to hold back a groan, because in the boat were Draco Malfoy and his two large friends.
Harry gave it a sceptical look, trying to determine whether it was lower in the water than the adjacent ones.
Seeing no other option, however, he climbed in and sat down in the only available space, right beside Draco.
"Hello," said Draco.
"Hello," said Harry.
The boats began to move on their own, sliding almost silently across the dark waters.
No one seemed inclined to say anything more, which Harry was perfectly fine with.
Draco was craning his neck to take in the sights, all poise forgotten, and Crabbe and Goyle were as reticent as they had been on the train.
Harry followed Draco's example.
Everything was murky at first, but as his eyes adjusted themselves to the gloom, they discerned the canopy of a vast forest to their left.
Between the forest and the castle, Harry saw a peculiar wooden structure surrounding an empty field, at either end of which were large metal hoops mounted on tall poles.
"That's the Quidditch pitch," said Draco, following his gaze.
"Do you play?"
"No," said Harry.
He was aware that Quidditch was some sort of sport played on flying broomsticks, as he had seen teenagers ogling the display of brooms in the window of Quality Quidditch Supplies in Diagon Alley, but beyond that he knew little else.
"No broom of your own?"
Draco asked.
"No," said Harry.
"Do you have your own?"
"Well, no," Draco admitted.
Harry vaguely recalled that Draco had boasted that he was going to get his father to buy him one before, and he was a little viciously satisfied to hear that the spoilt boy had not succeeded.
Lucius Malfoy earned a point over Vernon Dursley in Harry's book, though that really wasn't saying much, seeing as both he and Uncle Vernon were right there at the bottom of the list.
"First years aren't allowed brooms anyway, right?"
Harry said equitably.
Draco nodded, though his face looked pinched.
There was a shout from up ahead, and Harry looked up to see that they were about to pass underneath a rocky outcropping.
Though he ducked as they approached, tendrils of ivy still tickled his head.
The boats docked themselves in a little underground bay.
Everyone clambered out, and Harry wasted no time in losing Draco, trying to make his way toward the front.
He managed to find Hermione up by the doors, just in time to see them open up to the large man's knocks, as if collapsing under the weight of his blows.
It was only an illusion, however; someone had drawn them open from the other side, and that someone was soon revealed to be a stern, bespectacled witch.
Her face was replete with frown lines and she wore her black hair pulled into a severe bun.
"That's Professor McGonagall," Hermione whispered.
"The firs' years, Professor McGonagall," said the large man, confirming her remark.
"Thank you, Hagrid.
I will take them from here," said Professor McGonagall.
She opened the door fully, and the first years entered as a mob.
The hall beyond was massive, comparable to the Gringotts main hall with its marble facades and mounted torches.
Harry felt dizzy looking up.
The ceiling was lost behind a criss-cross of landings and staircases that seemed to go on forever.
Conversation from behind another large set of double doors to the right echoed through the hall.
Professor McGonagall herded everyone into a small chamber off to the side, and gave them a speech about the four houses.
Harry located Neville when she shot a disapproving gaze in his direction, presumably due to his scruffy appearance.
Ron's red hair stood out as well, and Harry saw him rubbing at his nose vigorously.
Right behind him, Harry spotted Draco Malfoy snickering into his sleeve.
He scowled.
People speculated in hushed voices about the sorting, but it was otherwise quiet enough that Harry could hear every word.
Ron said to the boy next to him that he thought it was some kind of test, but as he cited his older brothers, who had already proven to be unreliable, Harry tried not to put too much stock in his words.
Nobody else spoke up to disagree with him.
Beside him, Hermione was mumbling spells under her breath, all from the Standard Book.
In fact, if he wasn't mistaken, she seemed to be reciting the index.
He shook his head in disbelief, though he couldn't help going over his own spell repertoire in his head.
Diffindo was still his main offensive spell, not counting any illegal dark magic, though incendio could be an attack in a pinch.
But this was a school, so he thought perhaps locomotor or even the dancing-feet spell might be more useful, since they showed mastery over different magical properties.
If the test wasn't about charms, though, Harry knew he would be at a great disadvantage... Somebody screamed, and Harry glanced up along with everyone else in time to see ghosts flying out of the wall.
"I read about the Hogwarts ghosts in Hogwarts, a History," Hermione told him under her breath.
"They're actually guardians of the castle.
The exception is the poltergeist, Peeves, who does pranks.
They didn't explain why he's allowed, though."
Harry nodded absently, uncertain why she had felt the need to explain it to him.
He hadn't got that far in Hogwarts, a History, but he knew plenty about ghosts.
He had learned all about them back before he had been allowed to do magic, and had therefore been stuck with theory.
A ghost was just a spirit conjured at the moment of death.
Usually they were self-conjurations, due to a desperate need to continue existing for some task or other, but there was also magic that could force the dying to become ghosts.
Ghosts took up a lot of magic and usually did not last very long, but Harry supposed that in a place like Hogwarts where magic was performed all the time, they could persist indefinitely.
By the time the uproar over the ghosts had died down and one of them had tried to start a conversation with the first years, Professor McGonagall had reappeared to tell them to queue up.
There was some shoving as some people tried to get to the front and others tried to get to the back, but they straightened out quickly enough with a stern look from the professor.
Harry managed to get a place behind Hermione.
Professor McGonagall led them into the main hall, and immediately Harry stiffened as he felt the evaluating weight of a thousand eyes.
As they walked down in front of four long tables of students, he found himself blinking rapidly, dazzled by the flickering light reflecting from sparkling golden platters and cutlery.
An upward glance revealed rows upon rows of blazing candles, hovering in midair.
"It's bewitched to look like the sky outside," Hermione said, citing Hogwarts, a History again, and Harry followed her gaze up to the ceiling, which indeed appeared to open up into the heavens.
Harry wondered how someone had even begun designing such an enchantment.
His first thought was simply to make a transparent ceiling, but that was obviously not the case here—if he looked closely, he could see at the edges that the "sky" curved down to meet the walls and that the wispy clouds actually hung below it, fully inside the hall.
Harry quickly looked back down as he felt the person behind him step on his heel, and he hurried to close the unsightly gap that had opened between him and Hermione.
The line of students curved to proceed before a raised table where all the staff were seated, and they came to a stop once the last of the first years had rounded the corner.
Everybody was staring in Professor McGonagall's direction, and Harry craned his neck to see past Hermione's bushy curls.
There was a stool beside the professor, and on top of it a large, scruffy-looking hat.
As he watched, the hat seemed to tear itself open, and then it began to sing.
Harry stared at it, somewhat dumbstruck.
Polite applause followed its ode to the houses, and Harry clapped his hands together distractedly as he wondered how the hat worked.
How could it sort, if the sorting was based on personality characteristics?
Did it read minds?
It was possible.
He glanced to the side.
Directly above him, Headmaster Dumbledore sat in a throne-like chair, beaming widely at the gathered students.
He was dressed in rich, dark velvet, and looked powerfully content, like a king among his adoring subjects.
Professor McGonagall began calling them forward one by one to be sorted, and Harry was relieved to note that she was doing it in alphabetical order by surname, and that he would be in the middle of the pack.
When Hermione's name was called, she exited the line very quickly and marched up to the stool.
Harry finally had a good view as he purposefully left a bit of space in front of him.
She stuffed the hat on her head, sat down, and, several seconds later, it shouted, "GRYFFINDOR!"
just as she had wanted.
After her came a Greengrass, Daphne, who went to Slytherin, and then Malfoy's large friend Goyle, whose first name was apparently Gregory, was also sorted to Slytherin, where he sat down across from their other friend, Crabbe.
Harry stopped paying much attention as more names he didn't recognise went by, but looked up again when Neville was called.
The boy looked like he was stepping up to the gallows, and was so nervous he tripped over the hem of his cloak on the way.
People laughed, rather unkindly, Harry thought.
Neville spent an eternity under the hat, and when it at last declared him a Gryffindor, he ran toward the table with such alacrity that he took the hat with him.
McGonagall called after him and he had to make the embarrassing trek to return it.
Draco went into Slytherin instantly.
Harry wondered why everyone took varying lengths of time to be sorted, but each reason he thought of seemed as good as any other.
He would have to wait his turn to find out.
A pair of Indian sisters were sorted into different houses, and then a pale slip of a girl went to Hufflepuff, and then it was Harry's turn.
The hall erupted into hushed conversations the moment his name was called, and he stepped out of line with sudden trepidation, his heart pounding in his ears and his hands clammy.
It was quickly evident that nobody was actually watching him, however, and he relaxed.
Of course, with such attention to his name, it ought to be nearly impossible for anyone to notice him.
He was effectively invisible.
He walked right past a distracted McGonagall, who was still looking around above his head, and put on the hat.
The brim slid down his face, only stopping at the bridge of his nose, and entirely obscured his vision of the hall.
"Difficult," he heard in his ear, and jumped, before he realised that of course it was the hat talking.
"Exceedingly difficult.
Courage and determination, I see, and insatiable curiosity to match.
A bit of a sense for justice, and a lovely drive to succeed there.
How interesting… where shall I put you, then?"
The hat was asking him?
Harry had no idea.
It was just like when he had thought about it before.
There was Gryffindor, but he wasn't sure he fit so well there, even if the hat had called him courageous.
He was no great enthusiast for book-learning, unless it was the only way, but after Hermione had gone to Gryffindor of all places, he wasn't sure what kinds of people went to Ravenclaw any more.
Despite himself, Draco's and Neville's attitudes toward Hufflepuff made him less inclined to want to go there, especially as it seemed to fit him the least.
Finally, the way people spoke of Slytherin also did not make him eager to join it.
"Not Slytherin?"
asked the hat.
"Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness."
It wasn't greatness, exactly, that he wanted, Harry thought, though he couldn't quite place his ambition elsewhere, either.
"Gryffindor, then?"
said the hat.
Harry shook his head, forgetting that it could see what he was thinking.
He didn't think Gryffindor was exactly right, either.
"Are you sure?"
the hat asked again.
"Gryffindor will open the path to fame and fortune."
Fame was something he'd already eschewed, and fortune already his, Harry thought.
"Well, if you're sure, then better be RAVENCLAW!"
The hat shouted the last bit for everybody to hear.
Harry stood up, feeling a little numb.
Of course he'd known in his head that if he eliminated Hufflepuff, Slytherin, and Gryffindor, that Ravenclaw was the only thing left, but he felt a little bitter that he hadn't been given any time to reconsider.
He put the hat back on the stool, mindful that he did not want to experience Neville's humiliation, and walked over to the blue and bronze table which was applauding him politely, though there were looks of confusion on several students' faces.
Harry guessed that they were astonished to have forgotten his name already.
It was becoming a common response.
Harry sat down at the end of the table next to a blond first year.
Spotting the other boy's Ravenclaw tie, Harry remembered to touch his wand quickly to his own and murmur, "Ravenclaw."
The black lightened until it was blue, and the grey stripes glimmered bronze.
The rest of the sorting went by rather quickly.
Oliver Rivers and Lisa Turpin were the only others to join Ravenclaw.
Ron Weasley went to Gryffindor, where it appeared the rest of his family was as well, and finally Blaise Zabini joined Slytherin, ending the sorting ceremony.
McGonagall left with the Sorting Hat, and then the hall fell completely silent as Professor Dumbledore got to his feet.
"Welcome," he said, and though he spoke quietly, there was also great power behind his words.
"Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts!
Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words.
And here they are: Nitwit!
Blubber!
Oddment!
Tweak!
Thank you!"
Everybody applauded as he sat down, and Harry followed along, though he hardly grasped what the old wizard had said.
"What's that supposed to mean?"
asked the boy sitting next to him.
"He always says rubbish like that," said an older student.
"Robert!"
the girl next to him said in exasperation.
"He's obviously telling us to let go of our insecurities."
"How do you figure that?"
asked Robert sceptically.
The first years leaned closer to listen for the girl's answer.
"Nitwit," she said.
"Hey!"
said Robert.
"No, you nitwit—that's the point.
We Ravenclaws don't want to be nitwits, Gryffindors don't want to blubber, Hufflepuffs don't want to be oddments.
And Slytherins must not want to be tweaks," she said.
"What's a tweak?"
Robert asked flatly.
The girl didn't respond for a minute, and frowned, turning a little pink.
"Well, I don't know, but it's obviously something bad."
"Right," said Robert.
He sounded sceptical, but Harry thought her theory had been pretty convincing.
A delicious smell wafted up to his nose, and Harry glanced down, jumping as he finally noticed that food had appeared on the golden platters in the centre.
It was more food than he had ever seen in his life, and more varieties of it too.
As people around him began to help themselves, Harry reached out to take some roast beef and potatoes.
His fantasy had become reality, and he'd hardly needed to lift a finger.
If all Hogwarts meals were even a tenth as decadent as this feast, they alone would make coming to school worth it.
"Is the food magic?"
asked Oliver Rivers, a weedy boy with a very large nose.
"You can't magic food," said Lisa Turpin, who was sitting right next to him.
She cut a piece of lamb and chewed it daintily.
"What?"
demanded the blond boy beside Harry.
"Of course you can magic food, how do you think it's cooked so quickly?"
"I think she means you can't conjure it," said the boy on his other side.
"Oh, well, you could've said.
'Magic' is very vague, you know.
By the way, what are all your names?
I know they said them during the sorting but I only paid attention to the people after me.
I'm Anthony Goldstein."
He looked to his right, so Harry said, "I'm Harry."
When people looked at him a little oddly for omitting his surname, he added, slowly, "Potter," and grimaced as it failed to register.
Hopefully they would remember his first name, at least.
Then they went across to Lisa Turpin and Oliver Rivers, and beside them were Padma Patil and Morag MacDougal, and then the older students.
"I'm Robert Hillard, prefect," said Robert.
"Penelope Clearwater," the girl who had explained Professor Dumbledore's speech said.
"Also a prefect."
Then Harry had to crane his neck to see the other first years who were all on the same side as him.
Mandy Brocklehurst was a tall girl with a somewhat sour expression on her face, and Sue Li was the opposite, small and grinning.
Then there was Michael Corner, a boy with long, black hair hanging around his face and practically obscuring it.
The last to be introduced was Terry Boot.
"So who are all the professors?"
Anthony asked the prefects.
"Next to Dumbledore's McGonagall, but I suppose you already knew that," said Robert.
"Don't start from the middle," Penelope told him in exasperation.
"On the far right there is Hagrid, he's the groundskeeper."
Harry looked up and saw the giant man who had taken them across the lake.
"They wanted to know the professors," Robert pointed out.
"That's our Head of House next to Hagrid, Professor Flitwick.
He's the Charms professor."
Harry perked up at hearing that.
Charms was the one subject at least that he had to excel at.
The name Flitwick sounded very familiar as well.
A glance at the little old man and his incredibly pointed face reminded Harry of a goblin.
Harry thought one of the goblins he'd met at Gringotts was named Flitwick—perhaps they were related.
A familiar pang of regret hit him briefly.
"That's Professor Babbling… she teaches Ancient Runes and you won't have that until third year.
It's an elective," Robert said, pointing to a witch wearing a floral pointed hat with a thick black band.
He moved his hand.
"Then there's Professor Cattermole, for Muggle Studies.
That's also an elective."
"Professor Quirrell's back," said Penelope.
"Look, that's him, isn't it?
In the turban?
Do you think he's taking over again?"
"But Cattermole's still here," Robert protested.
Harry didn't hear his next words, however, because when he looked over at Professor Quirrell there was a sudden, stabbing pain in his forehead.
He slapped his hands to his face in surprise, but it didn't stop him from seeing how Quirrell was looking right at him, an intent expression on his face.
The moment ended, as Quirrell looked away sharply, and when Harry blinked it looked like the turbaned professor was engrossed in conversation with Professor Babbling, making him wonder if he had imagined the whole thing.
Only, his scar still hurt.
"Are you all right?"
Penelope asked him, and everyone turned to look at him.
"Fine," Harry said, not wanting to make a scene.
"Er, go on, about the professors."
He cut a piece of meat and put it in his mouth so that people would look away, and to distract himself from the residual inexplicable pain.
"That's Professor Sinistra.
She teaches Astronomy," Penelope said, pointing to the witch on Professor Dumbledore's right.
"You skipped Kettleburn," said Robert.
"They're not taking his class," Penelope said.
"And he'll probably be gone by the time they do.
He's been saying he'll retire for years now.
Anyway, we already mentioned Professor Quirrell.
I don't know what he's teaching if it's not Muggle Studies."
"Defense Against the Dark Arts?"
Robert suggested.
"Him?"
Penelope said sceptically.
"Well, maybe.
That's Professor Snape next to him, he's the Potions professor and the Head of Slytherin House, and that's Professor Sprout, Head of Hufflepuff and the Herbology professor.
Also Professor McGonagall is the Head of Gryffindor."
"Isn't it unfair that she's also the Deputy Headmistress?"
asked Lisa.
"Yeah, unfair for the Gryffindors," said Robert.
"I heard she barely has time for them.
She doesn't even have set office hours.
They're by appointment."
"Flitwick has office hours twice a week," said Penelope, "and you can go talk to him about anything."
Lisa asked Penelope about what "anything" entailed, but Harry wasn't as interested, and he saw that some of the other first years had moved on to their own conversations as well.
Anthony was shovelling potatoes into his mouth.
"Anthony," said Harry.
"I was wondering, are you related to Queenie Goldstein?"
"Yeah, she's my first cousin, twice removed.
Or was it second cousin once removed?
Something like that," he said.
"Why?
You know her?"
"She wrote a book that I like," said Harry.
"What book?"
Anthony asked.
"It's called Witch's Brew," said Harry.
"What's it about?"
asked Anthony.
"It's a cookbook," Harry explained.
"You like cooking?"
Anthony asked, sounding mystified.
"There are lots of interesting spells involved in cooking," said Harry a little defensively.
"Yeah, weren't you the one talking about magic food?"
Terry pointed out, having been listening to their conversation.
"Well, yes," said Anthony.
"I didn't mean anything by it.
Do you know spells already?
My mum didn't want me doing any magic at home.
She's muggle."
"I know some charms," said Harry.
"My father showed me a couple of prank spells," said Terry.
"Do you know the jelly-legs jinx?"
Harry and Anthony shook their heads.
"Well it makes your legs feel like jelly," said Terry.
"I can show you."
"Er, no thanks," said Anthony.
"I didn't mean on you," said Terry.
"Well, how else are you going to show us, then?"
asked Harry sensibly, and Terry didn't have an answer.
"I tried a couple of spells," said Oliver from across the table.
"The only one I got to work was lumos.
My family's all muggle."
He sounded a little despondent.
"Nothing wrong with muggles," said Terry.
"Do you think I'll be behind?"
he asked.
"Nah," said Terry.
"None of us know any useful spells yet.
I mean, do you think they're going to teach the jelly-legs jinx in lessons?"
He laughed, and Harry decided not to mention all the coursework-relevant charms he knew, as the other first years nodded along.
"Besides, most people have family that's muggle," said Anthony.
"I'm half-blood myself."
It turned out that Terry was pure-blood, but Harry offered that he had a muggle aunt.
The conversation died down at this point in favour of food.
Harry tried some lamb stew.
There was a horrible, bitter taste in his mouth, and he had to resist spitting out a half-chewed mouthful of food.
His tongue was suddenly burning, however, and when he attempted to swallow the feeling only got worse.
He was suddenly struck with a terrible sense of impending doom, and he glanced around rapidly, trying to find some source.
He sneezed violently, and was finally reminded that he was allergic to garlic.
He felt short of breath.
"What is it?"
Penelope asked him, obviously having noticed his distress.
Anthony put a concerned hand on his shoulder.
"Allergy," Harry wheezed.
"Get him to the hospital wing," said Penelope, and she and Robert stood up at the same time.
"Get Valencia," said Robert.
"Right, right," said Penelope, but an older girl, presumably Valencia, had already come up behind her.
"What's going on?"
she asked.
"Allergic reaction," said Penelope.
Valencia ducked underneath the table in lieu of going around and slid expertly beneath the bench.
Harry felt horribly hot, like he was burning from the inside.
He stumbled as Valencia helped him to his feet, and his legs felt like jelly.
He thought vaguely that this must be just like the jinx Terry had wanted to show them.
"What's going on here?"
somebody else asked distantly.
The burning feeling had sent his senses spiralling into oblivion.
He had a vague recollection of sudden weightlessness and then an endless falling feeling.
Someone was levitating him, he thought.
He must have passed out, because when he opened his eyes again he was lying on a bed, covered in scratchy white sheets.
The girl who was probably Valencia and the goblin-like Professor Flitwick were looking down at him in concern, as a witch in white robes waved her wand over him.
"This is no ordinary allergy," she said.
"How do you feel, dear?
Can you breathe all right?"
Harry took an experimental breath of air.
It was cut short as he hissed in pain, but he tried again and confirmed that he could manage it.
"It hurts," he said, his voice raspy.
"It's garlic," he added.
This seemed to help, because the witch, presumably a nurse, cast some spell and he suddenly felt loads better.
"Thanks," he said.
"Can he go back, then?"
asked Valencia.
"Go back?"
the nurse rounded on her.
"Absolutely not.
He needs to recover in a tranquil environment."
"You return to the feast, Miss Dawlish," said Professor Flitwick.
"I shall remain until he recovers."
"No, professor, I'll stay, you can go," said Valencia.
"I don't want you to run late for the prefects meeting," said Professor Flitwick.
"That's not until later," Valencia protested.
"But you must meet with the Head Boy beforehand, correct?"
asked Professor Flitwick.
Valencia nodded slowly, eyebrows furrowed.
"Well, yes.
I'll go then.
Thanks, Professor."
She left, glancing back once or twice as she did, and Harry took a moment to look around the room.
It was filled with empty white beds, separated by curtained screens.
He supposed it was a hospital of sorts.
"You were aware of this allergy?"
the nurse asked Harry.
"Yes, but I forgot," he said.
"I don't normally eat food."
Both Professor Flitwick and the nurse looked very startled at his statement, so he added, quickly, "I just drink nutritive potions.
You know, the ones that substitute for meals."
The adults immediately appeared relieved, though Harry couldn't see why.
Had they thought that he was starving or something?
"You don't drink, other things?"
the nurse asked, like she was hedging around something sensitive.
"What?
Oh."
Harry finally made the connection.
"Blood?
No.
I'm only a tiny bit cursed," he said.
"Normally," the nurse began, and Harry's heart sank a little at hearing this word, "a sensitivity to garlic only begins to show at a late stage."
There were stages?
That didn't sound good at all.
"What do you mean?"
he asked.
"How many times have you been bitten?"
the nurse asked.
"Once?"
said Harry, though he began to doubt it even as he said it.
What if there had been other times?
Silviu had proven himself capable of erasing memories.
The fact that he couldn't think of any other time was immaterial, and he didn't put much stock in Silviu's promise.
But he had been within Petri's sights almost all the time, or failing that, inside the trunk.
Petri definitely would have noticed an incursion into his trunk.
That was what his security measures were supposed to prevent!
"Did you drink the vampire's blood?"
the nurse asked him.
"Er," said Harry, the possibility never even having occurred to him, after the lengths Petri had gone to to prevent that from happening.
"I don't know.
I don't remember.
It's possible," he said uneasily.
The nurse and Professor Flitwick looked very concerned.
"But it's fine," Harry said.
"I don't have any problems with sunlight and I don't drink blood.
It's just the garlic."
"There could be hidden effects," said the nurse.
"Is there a way to check?"
asked Professor Flitwick.
Harry didn't like that they suddenly seemed to be talking over him, as if he weren't there.
The nurse told Flitwick that there was no way to know for certain, that she knew of, and that he'd be better off consulting the Defence Against the Dark Arts professor.
"I feel fine," Harry said, injecting himself into the conversation.
"I really do.
It's the first night.
Can't I go to the dormitories with the others?"
Whatever the nurse had done earlier had worked, and he was more concerned now with being known as the boy who had to go to the nurse on the first night.
It was something Dudley and his cronies would have teased him mercilessly about, and though the other first years at his table had seemed nice, Harry knew all about seeming nice now.
Silviu had seemed nice.
"Poppy, he has a point," said Professor Flitwick.
"It's best to let him settle in normally."
"But," the nurse began, but she stopped after taking a long look at Harry.
"Very well.
But come right back the moment you feel anything amiss now, young man," she said.
Harry nodded, even though he had no intention of following through.
"We'll need to let the elves know about his allergy," said the nurse.
"I shall see to it," said Professor Flitwick.
"Are you ready, ah, Mr..." "Potter," said Harry, eagerly pushing aside the sheets and swinging his legs over the side of the bed.
Thankfully he was still clad fully in his school robes and not some hospital garb.
He didn't expect the sudden wave of dizziness and the black spots in his vision as he got to his feet, but he shut his eyes tightly and stood still for a moment.
He was relieved to feel better when he opened his eyes again, and though the nurse was watching him with hawk eyes, she made no comment.
Professor Flitwick was staring at him as well, though in a different way that was almost bewildered.
Harry stepped away from the bed and glanced at him expectantly, and the diminutive professor shook off whatever was troubling him and took the lead.
"We'll go straight to Ravenclaw Tower," he said.
"I imagine you'll be wanting to get to bed."
"Where are we?"
Harry asked as they stepped out of the hospital room, straight onto the narrow landing of a carpeted spiral staircase.
On the wall hung a portrait of a woman clad in lime green robes.
She turned her back to them as they approached.
Harry wasn't sure if he liked the movements of this painting.
He'd seen plenty of moving pictures before, in the newspaper, but they always went through preset motions, like a programme in the telly.
Something told him that the woman in the portrait was reacting to them in real time.
"This is the hospital wing," said Professor Flitwick.
"We're on the fourth floor.
This staircase here will take you right down to the Grand Stair on the ground floor."
Indeed they did; Harry saw the familiar entrance hall of the castle, now from above as they exited the hospital wing's spiral staircase.
Without the suits of armour concealing the shallow corners, it was now clear that the chamber was actually seven-sided.
Professor Flitwick led him across the first floor landing and down a hallway, where they stopped before a sheer drop.
He glanced up, and Harry followed his gaze to the next landing.
As he watched, the staircase creaked and then rotated with a grinding sound, settling into place with a heavy groan in front of him.
They hurried up the stone steps.
"Is this safe?"
Harry had to ask.
"Why would it not be?"
Professor Flitwick asked, apparently genuinely puzzled.
Harry shook his head.
"Never mind," he said.
He remembered Neville's story about falling out of the window and bouncing, and Petri's insistence that if he wasn't a mudblood, his magic would protect him.
He supposed it wasn't that far from one landing to the next.
And even though Hogwarts did accept mudbloods, they still had to pass the stringent power requirement of the Book of Admittance, which would snap shut to prevent the names of the weak from being written down.
He'd read it in Hogwarts, a History.
They walked through so many winding halls and up enough moving staircases (Harry counted four, or perhaps it was five) that he was hopelessly lost and convinced that he wouldn't be able to get back down to the entrance ever again.
"Ravenclaw Tower," said Professor Flitwick as they ascended part of another spiral staircase, this one thankfully stationary, and came to a heavy door outfitted with a brass knocker in the shape of an eagle's head, and no visible doorknob.
The knocker opened its beak wide.
"What does a transfigured creature feel?"
it asked.
"A tricky one," said Professor Flitwick.
"As you can see, the entrance to Ravenclaw Tower does not demand a password.
Instead, you must answer the knocker's question."
Harry didn't think that that was particularly good security.
"Nothing," he said.
"A transfiguration is magic, and magic can't create real will."
He didn't know much about transfiguration, but he did know that much about magic.
Then it occurred to him another interpretation, and he added, "And a creature transfigured into an object is an object, and does not feel."
"Yet a creature transfigured into another creature feels just as the original," Professor Flitwick pointed out.
Harry frowned.
He hadn't thought of that.
"Well reasoned," said the knocker, and the door swung open.
"Was I wrong?"
Harry asked.
"You were quite right," said Professor Flitwick.
"As you can see, our answers together were sufficient."
Harry wasn't completely satisfied with that, but he forgot his reservations when he stepped inside.
They had entered a large, open space, carpeted and wallpapered in rich blue.
Sturdy-looking chairs of dark wood, upholstered in matching shades, were organised around wide, rectangular tables with glass tops.
A wooden staircase coiled along the interior walls of the tower, allowing access to a series of nooks which were lined with full bookshelves.
The ceiling went farther up than he could see, swallowed up by darkness.
However, the room itself was well-lit by candelabras placed against the walls on evenly spaced ledges, and Harry imagined that it would be bright and airy during the day, with sunlight allowed to stream in from any direction through a dozen tall windows.
On the far side of the room, a life-sized, marble statue of a woman wearing a crown with a sparkling sapphire was prominently displayed on a pedestal.
She seemed to watch over the room like a benevolent goddess.
Professor Flitwick led them towards this statue, and Harry saw an inscription on the base that said, "Wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure."
They ascended the spiral staircase, and as they passed the alcoves with the bookshelves he noticed that they were far deeper than they had first appeared, extending back tens of feet and curving out of sight.
"The first year dormitories this year are nearly at the top," said Professor Flitwick, sounding apologetic.
Harry didn't mind the walk too much, but he supposed that it might be an annoyance if he were in a hurry.
They stopped by the sixth book nook, whose archway had a small bronze plaque etched with "1" hanging at the top, and entered it.
Harry found out that the hallway in the back led to another, very tight spiral staircase, this one stone.
They must be in one of the turrets.
The only light came from tiny square windows placed every two full rounds, which let in only the most meagre starlight, just enough to prevent him from tripping if he trailed his hands firmly along the rough walls.
He felt a little dizzy as the steps seemed to get narrower and narrower, and was relieved when they came to a cramped landing with two tall wooden doors on each side and a large, pentagonal window straight ahead.
Harry peered through it and reeled a little as he discovered just how high up they were; he could see clear past the forest, even though it seemed to go on for miles, all the way to the silhouette of a black mountain he hadn't even realised was there before.
The half moon hung perilously low on the horizon, just peeking over the mountaintop.
"Boys are on the left," said Professor Flitwick, and he opened the door and held it for Harry, motioning for him to enter.
Harry did so, and saw that no one else was there yet.
"Your dorm mates will be up shortly," said Professor Flitwick.
"I suggest you get settled in.
I will distribute timetables tomorrow at breakfast, which starts at 7:30.
Lessons begin at 9:00."
Harry nodded.
"Thank you, sir," he said.
"Good night," said Professor Flitwick, nodding.
The semicircular room was spacious and contained six wooden four-poster beds outfitted with heavy, dark blue hangings.
Beside each bed was a low chest of drawers that doubled as a side table and a round, three-legged stool.
Trunks in varying colours and states of wear had been placed at the foot of all the beds, and Harry spotted his in front of the third bed.
Not entirely pleased with the spot, he switched his trunk with the one closest to the exit.
He figured that what Terry Boot didn't know couldn't hurt him.
There was a door on the other side of the room.
Harry opened it to find the bathroom, a long, rectangular space that was tiled up to shoulder-height, with two sinks on one side and two curtained shower stalls on the other.
At the end there was a wooden door that Harry guessed led to the toilet.
Curiosity satisfied, he returned to his bed and changed out of his robes and into his nightgown.
Just as he had extracted his toiletries from his trunk, the main door opened and the his dorm mates poured inside.
"Finally!"
said Anthony, the first to arrive, and murmurs of agreement echoed from behind them.
"Oh, you're here already," he said, noticing Harry.
"Are you all right?"
"I'm fine," said Harry, feeling a little embarrassed at the way the other boys peered at him uncertainly.
"It was just an allergic reaction.
I went to the, er, hospital wing and the nurse fixed me up.
Did I miss anything?"
"You missed afters, mate," said Terry, patting his stomach.
"And the Headmaster made a speech, a real one this time, and then we had to sing the school song, but it doesn't have a set tune, so it was a mess."
"It wasn't that bad," said Oliver.
"It was a mess," Terry repeated.
"Are those our trunks?"
The boys found their assigned beds, and nobody seemed to have any complaints, not even Terry, whose things Harry had moved.
A pale boy with very short black hair, whom Harry didn't remember from the feast, took the bed right by his.
"Sorry, what was your name again?"
Harry asked the boy.
"Stephen," was the response.
Stephen held out his hand, and Harry shook it.
"Harry," he said.
"I sat with my sister at the feast," Stephen said, explaining why Harry hadn't seen him.
"What year is she?"
Harry asked.
"Third," said Stephen.
"Do you have any brothers or sisters?"
"No," said Harry.
He couldn't think of what to say next, but Stephen seemed satisfied with the extent of their conversation and ducked behind his bed hangings.
Harry hurried to the bathroom to brush his teeth before the others had the same idea, but in the end only Oliver joined him, the others apparently too knackered to bother.
Harry finished up first and tumbled onto his bed.
It was more comfortable than anything he'd ever slept on before, and the linens were soft and luxurious.
He fell asleep almost instantly and did not dream.
A/N: I feel like I haven't posted in an inexcusably long time, so here.
Thanks to Botulinum for beta reading.
And thanks everyone for readin.
arry woke to the rustling of his dorm mates as they busied themselves with unpacking and getting dressed.
Checking the time with his wand, he saw that it was seven thirty, which meant that breakfast had already begun.
They went down as a group, and found Penelope waiting for them at the bottom of the stairs.
"How was your first night?"
she asked them.
They all shrugged and mumbled under their breath.
She turned to Harry.
"You alright?"
"I'm fine, thanks," said Harry, glancing at his toes.
He hoped people would forget the previous evening's garlic incident quickly, before it could get any more embarrassing.
Penelope seemed to accept his answer, thankfully.
"Let's wait for the girls," she said.
The girls, and Robert, apparently, because he was the last to arrive.
He slid down the banister and Penelope glared at him.
"What?
Everybody does it," he said.
"It's not against the..." he trailed off, wisely, and looked away.
The prefects ensured that they found their way to the Great Hall without mishap.
This early in the morning, the Ravenclaw table was sparsely occupied, mostly by sixth or seventh years, it seemed.
The first years gave them wide berth and sat at the other end.
A glance around the hall told Harry that the other tables were even emptier.
Professor Flitwick stood up from the head table, disappearing behind it for a few moments before clearing the end and meeting them.
He had a stack of parchments tucked under his arm.
"Timetables," he said, waving his wand.
The parchments distributed themselves among the first years, and Harry reached up to grab his as it drifted lazily about his head.
Charms was his first lesson, he was glad to see.
There was one place where he definitely wouldn't be behind.
Then he had double Defence Against the Dark Arts, and after lunch, Herbology.
A quick comparison told him that all the first year Ravenclaws had the same timetables.
"I can't wait for Defence Against the Dark Arts," said Terry, as he speared a sausage.
Harry, reasonably sure that there was no garlic to be found in most breakfast foods, buttered himself some toast and nibbled at it.
"What do you think we'll learn?"
asked Anthony as he finished his eggs.
"Jinxes maybe?"
"It's called Defence Against the Dark Arts, not the Dark Arts," said the sallow-faced blond girl who Harry thought was called Mandy.
"So it'll be counterjinxes."
"Counterjinxes are jinxes too," Terry said.
"They aren't," said Mandy.
"I think they are," Lisa interjected, but nobody had any proof to back up their claims either way.
"We have Charms first.
What do you reckon we'll do there?"
asked Anthony.
"Lumos, I expect," said Harry.
It was widely regarded as the easiest charm, after all.
"That's the one that lights your wand?"
asked Lisa.
Harry nodded.
He got a second piece of toast and put marmalade on it, indulging himself.
And then he might have a muffin, and an egg—the food he had dreamt of for so long was all in reach.
Suddenly, he became cognisant of a whooshing sound, and then a shadow passed over the table.
Owls, hundreds of them, streamed into the hall, flowing through the rafters and swooping down here and there to deliver letters.
Harry reeled in surprise when an owl dropped a letter into his lap.
He was convinced it was a mistake until he picked it up and saw his name written on the back in tight cursive.
He didn't get a chance to read it, however, because the prefects had got to their feet and were beckoning for the first years to gather round.
Harry stuffed the letter in his pocket and the rest of his toast into his mouth.
The prefects didn't escort them to their classrooms, but they did give fairly detailed instructions about how to get to each one, which Mandy wrote down and Anthony claimed he would remember.
Then it was time to go.
They just followed Professor Flitwick as he left the hall, on the suggestion of Lisa, who said it would be easier than finding it on their own.
It had been a good idea, even though it was almost a straight shot to the third floor classroom from the Grand Staircase, anyway.
The result was that the Ravenclaws were almost fifteen minutes early.
Professor Flitwick left them to settle down in the classroom and disappeared into his office.
They capitalised on their early arrival to claim the front rows.
There was room at each desk for two students, and as students paired up, it became quickly obvious that there was an odd number of first year Ravenclaws.
Soon it was just Harry and Oliver standing, and Sue alone at a desk.
Oliver hurried to join Sue, and Harry took a seat in the second row, behind Anthony and Terry.
Harry was a little annoyed at being the odd one out—it reminded him a bit of being picked last for any team activity in primary, but he told himself he was being silly.
Somebody had to sit alone; it was a fact of numbers.
It was also a fact of numbers that somebody had to be picked last.
Nobody had been picking anything.
Harry had just been slow to sit down.
The classroom door opened, and a bushy head of hair peeked through.
It was Hermione.
"Is this Charms?"
she asked.
"Yes," said Harry, when nobody else answered for a perilously long moment.
Hermione pushed her way inside, looking as if she was struggling a bit with the door, and made a beeline for Harry.
"Hello Harry," she said, dropping down into the seat beside him without asking, not that Harry would have said no.
Her bookbag struck the floor with a heavy thunk, like it was made of stone.
"Did you bring all your books?"
Harry asked a little incredulously.
He hadn't brought any of his.
In fact, he didn't even have a bookbag, and had just stuffed some folded parchment and a quill into his pockets.
"Just in case," said Hermione.
"I thought you already knew them by heart," said Harry.
"It's just in case," said Hermione again, with emphasis.
"We only have three subjects today," he said, trying to count the spines through Hermione's bag.
There were at least five.
"We didn't get timetables until breakfast," said Hermione.
"Right, us too," said Harry, acknowledging her point.
He glanced around.
"Where are the other Gryffindors?"
"Still at breakfast, I expect," said Hermione, and for some reason, she wrinkled her nose.
"Can I see your timetable?"
Harry extracted it from his pocket, a little rumpled, and passed it to her.
She put it on the desk next to her own.
"I've got Flying on Thursday, not Wednesday.
Oh, and Potions is Friday morning, not afternoon," said Hermione.
"Everything else looks the same."
Harry nodded, glancing around the classroom.
There were only eleven Ravenclaw first years, and he didn't think there had been a lot more in any other house.
"I reckon all the first years share most lessons," he said.
But it wasn't true.
A minute later, the door opened wide and a flood of all Gryffindors entered, filling in the majority of the back seats.
Harry tried to find Neville or Ron, but they must have moved behind him before he could spot them.
Professor Flitwick stepped out of his office with a scroll, and opened it up to take the register.
Something very peculiar happened when he got to Harry's name.
He squeaked as he said it, looked around vaguely, and when Harry indicated his presence he toppled off the stack of books that he had been standing on in order to see over the podium.
Harry hoped that it wasn't a side effect of the fidelius charm that would happen on a daily basis.
At least none of the other students would be capable of associating him with the phenomenon.
Professor Flitwick recovered, finished taking the register, and then began to lecture.
He wasn't bad, but he didn't say anything that Harry hadn't already known, so he didn't take notes.
There was something distinctly different, impersonal, about getting instruction as part of a group.
Perhaps Petri's individual attention had spoiled him.
Then again, Harry was pretty sure that Professor Flitwick was not allowed to torture anybody for failing or asking stupid questions, so that was a positive.
They didn't end up doing any spells, not even the wand-lighting charm, but they did get homework.
It was just reading, so Harry thought it would be fine not to do it, since he already knew the material.
He looked askance at Hermione's full scroll of notes.
Hadn't she already read the entire first year book as well?
He compared her efforts to his own bare desk, untouched except by his elbow, for leaning purposes.
"That was fun," said Hermione, as they walked out the door and queued up at the landing to wait for the moving staircase to come their way.
"Hm," said Harry noncommittally.
"Finally," Lisa was saying to Stephen, "I thought we'd never get out of there.
And there's still two more periods before lunch."
"But it's Defence Against the Dark Arts," said Stephen.
"Aren't you interested?"
"We aren't going to learn any spells," said Lisa.
"I bet we will," said Terry.
As they ascended the staircase and rounded the corner, they were blasted with the pungent odour of garlic.
Harry breathed in a lungful, and then let it out carefully, waiting.
There was no urge to sneeze.
He took another experimental breath and confirmed that he was not about to have an allergic reaction.
The Defence Against the Dark Arts classroom reeked.
Harry was surprised he wasn't convulsing on the floor, after what had happened at the feast last night, and the way conjured flowers had sent him into an immediate sneezing fit.
Perhaps the smell was fake.
"I bet it's to ward off vampires," said Terry from next to him.
They each had a small desk to themselves, and Harry had picked a seat in the midst of his Ravenclaw housemates.
"Don't be silly," said Lisa, before Harry could reply.
"Hogwarts has much better protections against vampires."
"Like what?"
asked Terry.
Lisa didn't answer, obviously unsure.
"I don't think it's real garlic," said Harry.
"I'm allergic to garlic, remember?"
"That was because of garlic, last night?"
Terry asked.
Harry nodded uncomfortably.
"That's rough, mate."
"Yeah," Harry agreed.
Then the teacher walked in.
It was one with the purple turban, Professor Quirrell, after all.
Harry eyed him nervously, but his scar didn't hurt again.
"H-hello everyone," Professor Quirrell stuttered, glancing here and there sharply.
Harry tried not to meet his gaze.
He heard somebody snickering in the back of the classroom.
Professor Quirrell began to take the register, stumbling over every other name, and Harry wondered what would happen when he reached his name.
Would he physically stumble, like Professor Flitwick had?
"Harry P-p-pot—Potter," said Professor Quirrell.
"Here, sir," said Harry.
Professor Quirrell looked straight at him.
It happened again.
Reflexively, Harry looked up to meet his eyes, and there was stabbing pain in his forehead, like something was trying to claw its way out of his head.
He was brought back to reality by a thump and a comparatively mild throbbing in his leg, which had kicked out and struck his desk.
He put a hand to his forehead, breathing a little heavily, as Quirrell continued with the register.
He wondered if he should go back to the hospital wing after all, and see the nurse, but almost as soon as he had the thought he discarded it.
He didn't want to return there unless it was an emergency, and anyway, he already had an idea of what the nurse would say.
It was a curse scar, incurable, and he'd be better off asking the Defence Against the Dark Arts professor about it.
What a pity that it was the Defence Against the Dark Arts professor himself who seemed directly linked to the pain.
Harry didn't think it would be wise to bring it up.
"Oh yes, professor, whenever you look at me, I get an awful headache!"
That would go over well.
"Welcome to D-d-defence Against the Dark Arts," said Professor Quirrell, and it became evident that his stutter was going to persist over the entire lesson.
"Let-let's st-start with a sh-show of hands.
Who here has enc-encountered a dark c-creature before?"
Harry raised his hand high.
He'd most certainly seen many.
Most of the other first years seemed uncertain, however, and, feeling a little awkward, he lowered his hand somewhat.
"D-don't be sh-shy," said Professor Quirrell, but this stammered exhortation was not exactly inspiring.
Harry put his hand down after a few more moments, but apparently not quickly enough.
"Mr P-potter," said Professor Quirrell, "c-could you g-give an example?"
"A vampire," said Harry, and to his surprise, he heard some giggles from behind him.
What was funny about vampires?
Professor Quirrell blanched, even as he nodded, and Harry noticed a dull, but growing pain building in his head again.
"Oh, y-yes, v-v-vampires are m-most certain—certainly dark c-creatures.
Nasty business.
The thing to kn-know about vampires is that they're ah-always after your blood.
If you s-see one, the best thing to do is just, just run.
I m-met some v-vampires while I was in Tra-Transylvania.
It was in Brașov, toward the, the, the early evening.
Yes, they, they come out even when the s-sun hasn't fully s-set..." Harry frowned as his headache continued to worsen, and Professor Quirrell continued to tell, very laboriously and tonelessly, about his encounter with the vampires.
At first, he listened closely, wondering if the professor was going to impart some useful lesson on warding them off, but the anecdote soon migrated from vampires in the public library to a marvellous chase through back alleys that ended somewhere in the forest, where Professor Quirrell, unable to run further, had heroically prepared to stand his ground against his pursuers but found them mysteriously vanished.
Professor Quirrell provided no explanation for this turn of events, not even speculation as to what had occurred.
In fact, he stopped speaking entirely for almost a minute, and stared ahead blankly, as if very suddenly lost in thought.
Harry stifled a sigh of relief as his headache eased momentarily.
Unfortunately, it came back in full force when Professor Quirrell began to lecture about the difference between jinxes and hexes with no context, and between the pain and the unpredictable stuttering Harry found the remainder of the lesson incomprehensible.
Luckily, as it was the first day, Professor Quirrell declared the double period to be over a quarter of the way into the second hour.
"That was a bit odd," said Anthony as soon as they were out of earshot of the classroom.
They were near the front of the pack, as Harry had been eager to get as far away from Professor Quirrell as possible.
His headache had almost disappeared, which was even more evidence for the proposition that the stuttering Defence professor had somehow been causing it.
"It was odd, wasn't it?"
said Anthony again, glancing around.
He slowed and then stopped entirely, and Harry stopped as well, finally noticing that a gap had opened up between them and the other Ravenclaws.
"The lesson?"
Harry asked.
"I suppose it was."
"No homework," said Terry in a satisfied way as he caught up to them.
Then Harry and Anthony were swept up by the pack of housemates.
"No homework, no learning," said Stephen, but he did not exactly look displeased.
"I did have some trouble following the lesson, though."
"His stutter is awful," said Lisa, far less charitably, "and he's not organised at all.
Useless."
Everybody, even Terry, looked a little stunned by her total dismissal of the professor, but nobody spoke up to contradict her.
"Where are we going?"
asked Anthony, even though he was right in front with Terry.
"No idea, mate," said Terry.
"Common room?"
"Common room's that way," Lisa said, jerking her head toward the staircase they had just missed.
The landing opened up to thin air, its connecting stair clear on the other side of the principal heptagon.
"Never mind that, then," said Terry, even as all the girls, following Lisa's example, had already turned to stand beside the landing to wait for the next stair.
"I'm headed to the library to meet my sister," said Stephen.
Harry was interested in the library as well, but he thought it would be awkward to follow Stephen now, as nobody else had moved to join him down the corridor.
"I've got a letter to send," said Michael.
"Does anybody know where the owlry is?"
Nobody knew, but everybody had the same unhelpful advice to go higher in the castle, or to find a prefect or teacher.
Talk of letters reminded Harry of the unopened letter in his robe pocket.
Suddenly seized by curiosity but aware that everybody else would try to read it too if he took it out now, he brushed his thumb over the stiff outline of the envelope against his robes and resisted the urge.
Instead, he stepped back casually to join the group waiting for the staircase toward the common room.
It was closer than he remembered from the previous night, perhaps because it was the second time making the trip.
The eagle knocker said: "Can a copy always be told from the original?"
"A copy of what?"
somebody complained, but the knocker was not forthcoming with details.
"No way," said Sue.
"There's mass production where you can make hundreds of copies of the same thing and you can't tell them apart."
"But then which one's the copy?"
Mandy protested.
"I mean, aren't they all really originals?
None of them is copying another."
"But they're all copies," Sue insisted.
"I think it means if you try to make a fake, like fake art," said Lisa.
"That's not what it said," said Sue.
"That would be a loaded question anyway.
If there's such a thing as fake and real then that means there has to be a way to tell."
Meanwhile, the door had swung open, apparently satisfied with the debate it had incited, and the other girls had gone inside.
Harry stepped around the distracted trio and into the common room himself.
Unlike the previous evening and that morning, the room was well-populated—nearly every chair and cushion was occupied by older students with their noses buried in books or else quills and parchment in hand.
Harry made his way up the spiral staircase in search of some privacy, breaking away from the girls, who had ventured deeper into the room in search of seats.
The nook that led into the first year tower was empty, so Harry paused at the end of the bookshelf, where the light from generous common room windows still reached adequately, and pulled out the slightly rumpled letter from his pocket.
He had expected it to be from Petri, but he did not recognise the cramped handwriting on the back, which read simply, "Harry."
There was no surname or any other identifying information, but somehow it had been delivered anyway.
Harry briefly entertained the notion that it had reached him mistakenly, but was quickly disabused of it when he actually unstuck the flap and viewed the contents.
"Dear Harry, "I hope this letter finds you well.
The last time we met, I was not entirely myself—figuratively speaking—and I wish to apologise for my abrupt treatment of you."
At this point, Harry glanced down to the bottom of the note in search of the sender and saw that the letter was signed, "Nic."
So this letter was from the man whose vault he had got himself stuck inside.
It had been months since that incident already.
Why write now, with an apology, no less?
Harry was thankful enough that Nic had let him go home without asking too many questions, but from that had expected never to see or hear from him again.
How had the letter even found him?
Frowning, he scanned the remainder of the letter: "I thought that you might enjoy the opportunity to gain a deeper understanding of the similarities and differences between sympathetic and willed magic.
Please accept my gift, inscribed here.
I hope it will aid you in the future."
Beneath this was several lines worth of complete gibberish.
Upon closer inspection, the glyphs in which it was written turned out not to even be Latin characters, but an eclectic mix of swirls, zigzags, and what looked like doodles of tiny birds.
Harry frowned and turned the parchment over, but the other side was blank.
He checked the envelope as well, though surely enough, it was empty.
Perhaps the owl had failed to deliver the "gift."
That did not seem right, however.
Was the "inscription" itself the gift?
Frowning, Harry touched the unknown symbols and drawings, wondering what they meant.
Perhaps there was some magic to them.
Were they something like enchanter's shorthand?
He drew his wand and tapped them, feeling foolish when nothing happened.
If only Petri were here, and he could just ask!
Of course he could send a letter, he remembered, but then thought of something even better—the teachers.
He was at Hogwarts, a premier institution for learning magic.
Surely, one of the professors would know.
Harry turned out of the alcove and hurried down the stairs, making for the large bulletin board hanging beside the common room door.
Next to a glossy placard with the title, "Be Courteous to Your Peers," was a bit of parchment that listed Professor Flitwick's office hours, which were twice a week, but not at the same time each week.
Monday at 11 was right now.
"What time is it?"
Harry muttered to his wand, and he revised "right now" to "practically over," as it was quarter until noon.
Stuffing the letter into his pocket with a sigh, Harry decided that he might as well get to lunch.
The prospect of real food cheered him up, and he retraced that morning's steps, finding the Great Hall with little trouble, despite the staircases and their poorly-timed rotations.
Most of the other first-year Ravenclaws were already seated at the end of the table, and Harry moved to join them, inserting himself in the wide gap between Terry and Oliver.
It did not escape him that some of the dishes edged away from him as he sat down.
He made an experimental swipe at them, and they danced out of his reach.
"Those are garlic potatoes, mate," said Terry, leaving Harry to wonder furiously about how such an enchantment would work.
How could they identify him, in order to avoid him but not others?
Could it somehow be used to get around the fidelius charm?
Was it like that for everybody who had allergies?
"Oi," said Terry, "anybody home?"
and Harry realised that he was sitting in front of an empty plate, gazing into the distance, and had not said anything since sitting down.
"Oh," he said, abashed, "I was wondering how the garlic dishes knew it was me."
"How the dishes knew?"
Anthony demanded from across the table.
"They're not sentient, are they?"
"Of course not; you can't make things sentient," said Lisa, apparently never one to let imprecise semantics go uncorrected.
"I meant it figuratively," Harry muttered, but it was too late, because Lisa and Anthony had already got embroiled in a debate about the finer points of animation.
It quickly became evident that neither of them knew what they were talking about.
Harry prodded some chicken legs and, satisfied that they had no intention of escaping him, forked one onto his plate and dug in.
"Where did you go off to earlier?"
Terry asked.
"Common room," said Harry.
"What about you?"
"Me and Anthony went out by the lake.
It's huge!
I mean even bigger than I thought.
I can't believe we went across it in those tiny boats.
There's supposed to be a giant squid in there, but we didn't see anything," said Terry.
"A giant squid?"
Harry repeated sceptically, though he was not overly interested.
What good did a giant squid do anybody?
Fortunately, Terry seemed more than capable of carrying the conversation all on his own, requiring only the bare minimum of input from Harry every minute or so.
Harry focused his attention on lunch.
He relished in the texture of the savoury poultry between his teeth, how it began smooth and tender, and let itself be worked to a mush.
Next, he tried the tomato soup.
Consistent liquid as it was, it still infinitely eclipsed the nutritive potion in quality of experience.
Couldn't they just add salt and herbs to the potion?
Of course they couldn't, said Petri's long-suffering, everybody-knows-that voice in Harry's head, because potions were incredibly responsive to contaminants until the moment they made contact with the drinker and came into effect.
That was why they had to be stored in sealed, specially fashioned crystal or glass phials, and why adding sugar or salt before drinking was likely to turn them into something unpleasant.
The real question, Harry reckoned, was what prevented Petri from adding a galleon or two to the food budget.
By the time Harry's spoon had scraped the bottom of his plate, Terry had already abandoned him as a lacklustre conversation partner and moved on to join Anthony in his ever-broadening debate with Lisa.
She was still winning, judging by the smug grin firmly stretched across her face.
Harry checked the time and decided that it wasn't too early to start heading to Herbology, which, according to the notes on his timetable, would be outside the castle, in Greenhouse One.
He stood up, and no one followed him for a long moment.
Just as he was wondering whether it would be appropriate to sit down again, Oliver put down his fork and stood as well.
They left the bickering trio behind after a series of unheeded backwards glances.
"What exactly is a magical plant?"
Oliver asked.
"Do they move or something?"
"Some of them," said Harry, thinking of the gigantic fanged plant that presided over the plot of one of his vampire neighbours.
"But I think most of them just have magic properties for potions."
And apparently some of them had no exciting properties at all, like stinging nettles, which were as muggle as plants came and only had effects in potions when combined with other reagents.
Professor Sprout guided them through the basics of safety and re-potting technique using this relatively harmless plant, all the while regaling them with tales of plants with snapping teeth, plants that dripped acid that could eat through dragon hide, and even plants that could reach out and strangle you if you didn't pay attention.
Harry decided that he didn't much like Herbology.
The rash breaking out on his forearm from an incautious brush with their assignment might have been a contributing factor.
Also, he and Oliver had ended up right next to Draco Malfoy's bookends, Crabbe and Goyle, who were decidedly not interested in following the lesson, and whispered inanities to each other incessantly.
Harry wondered why they had dropped the silent gargoyle act; the conspicuous lack of Draco himself in the greenhouse altogether probably had something to do with it.
Crabbe turned out to have another name, Vince, which he apparently preferred, but Goyle was just Goyle, thank you very much, and potting plants was servants' work.
This remark swiftly cost Slytherin five points.
"Old hag," muttered Vince under his breath, and there went another five points.
Oliver paused in his work to roll his eyes.
Halfway through the lesson, an irate Draco Malfoy burst into the greenhouse, claiming to have overslept, even though it was late afternoon.
By some miracle, no points or detentions were mentioned, and Professor Sprout simply gestured for him to choose a workstation.
Predictably, he wedged himself between Vince and Goyle.
"Why didn't you wake me up?"
he hissed to no one in particular.
Harry was a little amazed that Draco's excuse was actually true.
Oliver mouthed, "Beauty sleep," to him, and smirked.
Hesitantly, Harry smiled back, before turning to pat down the soil in their pot.
Both Vince and Goyle slouched contritely, but said nothing.
Apparently, Draco had not expected a response, because he proceeded to sneer at the nettle.
"This is servants' work," he complained, though he had done little more than put on his sleek, heavy-duty gloves and oversee Goyle's messy trowelling.
Fortunately for him, Professor Sprout was on the other side of the greenhouse this time.
Unfortunately for Harry, Oliver snorted loudly.
"What's so funny?"
Draco demanded.
"I bet you've got plenty of experience with this, what with your kind grubbing around in the dirt all day.
You'll find that real wizards have more class."
Before Oliver could get around to realising that he had been insulted, Professor Sprout came into earshot and distracted Draco with an offer to help him catch up.
"What was that about?"
Oliver whispered.
Harry shrugged awkwardly and studiously avoided looking at anybody for the rest of the lesson.
Having been the first in, he and Oliver were the last of the Ravenclaws out of the greenhouse, and everybody had the same idea to shower after an hour elbow-deep in dirt and humidity.
Relegated to the end of the queue, Harry decided to make do with a cleaning charm instead.
"Scourgify," he incanted.
Itchy soap bubbles exploded over his left hand like a cancerous growth and boiled over onto the ground, where they vanished magically.
He shoved his wand into his pocket and stuck his wand arm into the area of the charm.
He still couldn't get the spell to clean without producing a ridiculous volume of soap, but it did the job.
Oliver declined similar treatment and opted to wait his turn for the bathroom.
Harry shrugged and sat down on his bed, wondering what to do next.
There was still a good two and a half hours until dinner, and he did not have any homework to speak of, besides the Charms reading he had already decided not to do.
Then he remembered his other "homework," the exercises which Petri had assigned him.
He retrieved the journal from his trunk and flipped through it.
It was filled with even, slender cursive that had obviously been the product of a dicta-quill, and seemed to consist of short theoretical lessons, followed by some research questions and exercises.
The first one was on permanent animation.
Harry groaned.
The bathroom door burst open and Anthony and Terry strolled out, embroiled in conversation.
Harry snapped the journal shut and decided to relocate to the common room, where there would be better lighting and tables.
The common room was mostly populated by older students, probably sixth or seventh years, and they had taken all the good individual study areas, but Harry managed to find a spot around one of the larger tables, next to the prefect Robert, who was the only person he recognised.
"Alright?"
said Robert, and they exchanged curt nods before proceeding to ignore each other.
Harry considered where he might get an apple to practice inspiring it with the animation charm.
This exercise was more difficult than inspiring levitation, which he had finally managed with some reliability a few weeks ago, so he expected it would probably take him another few months to succeed at it.
Supposedly, if he could manage this, then it would help him improve at the "other" kind of animation, as well.
Interested as he was in progressing beyond spiders, Harry still found the difficulty rather dispiriting.
He reached into his pocket for a quill and his hand brushed against crumpled parchment.
The letter!
He spread it out on the table and inspected the inscription again, as if hoping it would have made itself intelligible in the meantime, but it was as inert and meaningless as before.
Suddenly struck with an idea, Harry glanced over to Robert.
The prefect was reading out of a cloth-bound, green book and making notes on a bit of parchment at the side.
Harry waited for his quill to stop.
"Hey, Robert," he said.
"Huh?"
said Robert, looking up.
"Could you, er, would you know what this means?
Or what this is?"
Harry asked, sliding the letter over to the right.
"Oh, those are Egyptian hieroglyphs," said Robert almost instantly.
"What do they mean?"
Harry asked, heartened, but Robert shook his head.
"Sorry, no idea.
They're mentioned in Runes, but we never actually learned any.
Maybe you could ask Professor Babbling.
What are you doing with hieroglyphs, anyway?"
"Oh, er, a friend sent this.
I'm not sure why," said Harry, stumbling over his words as he tried simultaneously to prepare a story that didn't seem ridiculous.
Robert seemed uninterested in further details, however.
"Right," he said vaguely.
Harry was about to ask where Professor Babbling's office might be, and whether she held office hours like the House Heads, but then remembered that he could probably accost her in the Great Hall after dinner.
Except Professor Babbling did not appear at dinner.
In fact, only about half the high table was occupied.
Harry supposed that professor attendance must not be mandatory for ordinary meals.
"Excuse me," he asked Penelope, feeling somewhat reluctant to bother Robert a second time, "do you know where Professor Babbling's office is?"
"Third floor, past the Charms corridor, near this cluster of paintings full of fish," she told him.
Harry finished his food and hurried off, eschewing dessert again.
He hoped she was still there.
Where did professors go when they got off work?
Did they live in the castle, or did they floo in every day?
He retraced the steps they had taken that morning to get to Charms, and strode down the curved corridor, past the classroom.
There was a heavy door at the end, and Harry pushed at it, to no avail.
It occurred to him that it might be locked, and he was considering whether to try a charm, when someone shouted, "You there!"
Harry whirled around in time to see Professor Quirrell's pale, serious face drawn into a cross scowl.
"What are you d-doing?"
he demanded, giving Harry the impression that he might be in trouble, though for what, he had no idea.
"Looking for Professor Babbling, sir," Harry said honestly.
"Penelope, er, the prefect, told me her office is here."
This, apparently, was far enough from what Professor Quirrell had been expecting that he paused in consternation.
"The next cor-corridor is off limits," he finally said, which was news to Harry.
There was no sign posted or anything.
"P-P-Professor Babbling's office is that, that way," Professor Quirrell told him, pointing back down the Charms corridor and waving his hand, indicating an inward turn, "b-but I expect she's gone, gone home by now.
What did you need her for?
P-perhaps I can help."
If Professor Quirrell was hoping to have caught Harry in a lie, he was to be disappointed, because Harry was glad to accept whatever help was forthcoming.
He withdrew the letter from his pocket, taking a moment to casually fold over the part with the message and leave only the hieroglyphs in view.
"This, sir" he said, holding it out.
"They're hieroglyphs, and I want to know what they mean."
Professor Quirrell leaned over to take a look.
Something in his gaze sharpened, and when he glanced at Harry, there was a stab of pain in his forehead that reminded him that the man's presence had not given him a headache, up until that moment.
"This is an inscription," said Professor Quirrell.
"Have you activated it?"
"Activated?"
Harry repeated.
So there was some magic to it after all.
"How?"
"Trace it with a quill.
Anything," said Professor Quirrell.
And Harry wished that it had occurred to him to try something like that.
"You needn't know what it means to activate it.
I suppose one ought to be cautious, but it appears it is only spelled to summon a book."
"Oh," said Harry, "Er, thank you sir."
He was somewhat eager now to get out of Professor Quirrell's painful presence, and to get whatever book Nic had sent him, now that he knew how, but Professor Quirrell appeared to have other ideas.
"Why don't you come along to my office?
I can show you the process," he said, and Harry couldn't figure out how to refuse gracefully.
Fortunately, when Professor Quirrell began to walk, whatever was inducing Harry's headache disappeared as quickly as it had come.
Professor Quirrell's office was apparently right next to Professor Babbling's, which explained why he had been in the area.
The walls were covered with newspaper clippings featuring prominent photographs of aeroplanes.
They were all conspicuously still.
"I use to t-teach Muggle Studies," Professor Quirrell said when he noticed Harry eyeing the décor.
"Those are aeroplanes.
They're big flying c-contraptions made of metal."
Harry was going to say that of course he knew what aeroplanes were—even Petri knew what aeroplanes were—but then decided that Professor Quirrell hadn't had any reason to assume that.
Professor Quirrell gestured for Harry to produce the letter again, and he took a quill from his desk and traced, without any ink, over the symbols.
As soon as he finished, there was a sucking sound, and then a fluttering of sheets as the letter appeared to unfold, and unfold again, impossibly, until it had filled out into a leather-bound book.
The cover had the title stamped in gold leaf: Secrets of the Hieroglyphical Figures.
There was no author.
"Ah, this book," said Professor Quirrell with clear recognition.
"What is it about?"
Harry asked.
The title alluded to hieroglyphs, as did the form of delivery, but Harry distinctly recalled that the letter had mentioned sympathetic magic, so it was hardly likely to be a language book.
"It's an alchemy reference," said Professor Quirrell.
"Much of it draws from the work of Abramelin, an Egyptian wizard, on immortality.
Dark magic.
May I ask who sent you this book, Mr Potter?"
Worry hit Harry like a tonne of bricks.
"Dark magic" and "Mr Potter" jockeyed for first position in the race to burst his heart.
Of course he shouldn't have just trusted a strange man, especially not one who had asked very few questions after discovering a fake goblin in his Gringotts vault.
He'd had no choice at the time, but this letter, he should have consigned to the fireplace, or at least handled with care and discretion.
"I don't know who sent it," sounded moronic even in his head.
On the other hand, did Professor Quirrell properly recognise him?
No, he assured himself.
That was impossible.
Potter was just his surname, and surely it was a normal for a teacher to know him by surname rather than given name, even outside of a class context.
But being around so many people who ought to know him must be stretching the fidelius.
Could it have stretched too thin?
"Are you all right?"
Professor Quirrell asked, and Harry became aware that he had gone silent for an inordinate amount of time, and that his hand had moved on its own to clutch at his forehead, where the killing curse scar throbbed feverishly.
"I don't feel too well," Harry said honestly, though he knew it sounded as if he were trying to get out of answering Professor Quirrell's other questions.
"What is it?"
the professor asked, apparently believing him.
"Headache," said Harry.
"Shall I walk you to the hospital wing?"
"No!"
Harry blurted out, unable to stop himself, though it made it seem more like he was faking.
"No, sir, I, er, I just need to go, er, lie down."
"Today, during my lesson, you also did not seem to be feeling well," said Professor Quirrell.
Harry nodded, shocked that the man had noticed something like that while remaining oblivious to how boring and confusing his own lecture had been.
"Is it the garlic?
Madam Pomfrey mentioned that you survived a vampire attack."
"Er, right," said Harry, though he thought "survived" made it sound much worse than it actually had been.
"I don't think that's it, though.
It's not real garlic, is it?"
"It's a property of my turban, I'm afraid.
A spell, for repelling the undead."
"Oh," Harry murmured.
That made sense, or at least, explained why his headaches only happened in proximity to Professor Quirrell, and apparently only to him.
But he'd previously reacted to garlic by sneezing or asphyxiating—was this a new symptom?
He had a Defence Against the Dark Arts professor right in front of him, he reminded himself, and hadn't the nurse said herself that he would be the best one to consult on the matter?
"Garlic's never given me headaches before," he said.
"Do you know if it's changing or, er, progressing?
Can the curse do that?"
"Progress?
Yes it can, if exposed to the right sort of magic," said Professor Quirrell, which was not at all reassuring.
"Is there a way to see if, er..." "Yes.
I can take a look, if you don't mind showing me the scar," Professor Quirrell said.
For a confused moment, Harry thought he was talking about the scar on his forehead, the one which hurt and which nobody should be able to properly notice—it didn't help that Professor Quirrell seemed to be looking right at it—but of course the professor meant the bite scar, and he was just making eye contact, like a normal person.
Harry nodded, undoing the first two buttons on his shirt and tugging his collar to the side.
As Silviu had suggested was normal, the bite mark had healed almost entirely, but the pinprick scars were still visible to anybody who was looking for them.
The professor raised his wand and sketched repeated figure eights in the air, in the vicinity of Harry's nose, muttering something unintelligible under his breath repeatedly.
Harry felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up, and a shiver overcame him.
Then Professor Quirrell's eyes narrowed, and Harry was hit with an almost blinding stab of pain in his forehead.
He reached up to slap his scar, almost knocking his glasses askew, before coming to his senses and removing his hand quickly, hoping he had not interrupted the spellwork.
But Professor Quirrell's wand was still, and he seemed to be lost in thought.
"P-P-Potter," he said suddenly, and then his expression went slack, and his eyes developed the glazed confusion that was more familiar to Harry when it came to the matter of his name.
Then Professor Quirrell's gaze refocused and he brought up his wand hand again, slightly jittery, and continued the same wand motion and muttering as before.
The eerie, cold sensation returned.
Harry looked up at him expectantly when he finally stopped.
"Sir?"
"The results are c-complex," said Professor Quirrell.
"I, I need some time.
See me after, ah, the lesson tomorrow."
"What spell was that, sir?"
Harry asked.
"A mantra?"
"That's right," said Professor Quirrell, surprised.
"It's called the Evil Eye.
Ah, a bit of a misleading name.
No, no evil involved."
He chuckled, a little self-deprecatingly.
"D-don't forget.
Tomorrow, after the lesson."
Harry nodded, pleased he'd guessed correctly, and turned to leave.
Countless attempts to read Waffling's Chant and Cadence had to have been good for something, and anyway, the spell had reminded him of the mantra Petri used to summon spirits.
Professor Quirrell did not seem inclined to elaborate more, so Harry resolved to look it up himself.
There was a library, wasn't there?
"W-wait," said Professor Quirrell, and to Harry's surprise, he turned to his desk, picked up the book Nic had sent, and held it out.
"Your book."
"Er, but," Harry began, but then thought better of it.
"Er, thank you sir."
He supposed it must be all right, then, dark magic or not.
Nonetheless, he was careful to turn the spine down and press the title to his chest, and it was with some furtiveness that he made his way up to Ravenclaw Tower.
A couple of unfamiliar girls, perhaps second or third years, were standing outside, scowling.
They perked up when they heard him approaching, and stared at him expectantly.
Harry paused, not eager to insert himself between them, but one of them finally gestured impatiently.
"Try the knocker," she said.
"We got it wrong, and it won't let us in or even talk to us anymore."
With some trepidation, he stepped up, and the bronze eagle asked, "Where do monsters live?"
Harry blinked, and the girl on the left nodded in commiseration.
"Yeah.
And the answer isn't 'in the Forbidden Forest,'" she advised.
"It's not 'in nightmares' or 'under the bed,' either," said the other girl.
Harry frowned.
What exactly did it mean by "monster," anyway?
Earlier, the eagle knocker had opened up the door after enough people had answered in contradicting ways to start a discussion.
Perhaps the trick to opening it while alone was not to answer too confidently, but consider multiple perspectives.
"It depends on what a 'monster' is," he began.
"If it's just anything that does awful things, or is scary, well, anything can be scary, so monsters live everywhere, everywhere where anything lives."
Harry thought of Silviu, and of Nalrod.
"But sometimes, no, most of the time, nobody thinks they themselves are a monster, they just call other people, other creatures, monsters.
So monsters don't live anywhere but in peoples' heads."
Harry thought he was really only rambling, but the knocker seemed satisfied and the door clicked and swung open.
"Nice one," said the first girl.
"I'm Marietta, by the way.
What's your name?"
"I'm Harry," said Harry, and shook Marietta's hand.
"I'm Cho," said the other girl, extending her hand as well.
"Thanks for helping.
That knocker is so annoying.
I thought I figured it out after last year, but I suppose I got rusty over the summer."
"I don't think I've seen you around before," said Marietta.
"Are you a first year?"
"Yeah," said Harry.
"What year are you?"
"We're second years," said Marietta.
"Well, talk to you later.
Homework time.
It's the first day and McGonagall's already laying it on us."
With that, she and Cho went off to claim a study space in the corner.
Harry decided against reading the book where anybody could see it and ascended the stairs to the dormitory.
Terry and Anthony were there, playing Wizard's Chess over a repurposed nightstand, and so intently that neither looked up as he entered.
Harry sat down on his bed, drew the curtains, and cast lumos.
The light was a little too bright at the source but dispersed quickly, and he spent a minute casting and recasting it until it suited his purposes, before leaning his wand awkwardly against his foot so that the quilt did not swallow the light.
He wished he had a jar for bluebell flames.
Cracking open the book, he saw that Nic's letter had merged into the flyleaf, inclusive of the inscription.
Harry wondered if tracing the inscription again would transform the book back into a piece of parchment, but decided not to try it just now.
There was more at the bottom the letter now, he noticed.
Page references.
The first one directed him to page one hundred sixty-eight.
He followed it.
The chapter heading said, "Green: The Vegetable Soul."
Harry blinked down at the strange phrase.
He wasn't about to discover that spinach had a soul, was he?
There were notes scrawled in the margin in the same cramped handwriting as in the letter.
The first one said: "Crucial step.
Most fail here."
A squiggly line led to the edge of a paragraph and inserted itself underneath the word, "sympathy."
"Growth can only be achieved with magical sympathy.
Once the stone exhibits the colour of a vegetable soul, then it will have the power to multiply like a tree, branching infinitely.
Therefore it can reach for infinitely small, infinitely precise places, and know the shape of any object."
These sentences made approximately zero sense to Harry, but fortunately there was another line in the margins that trailed down to the bottom of half of the page and a circled section.
"Sympathetic magic is magic that is done by magic.
Just as moving your own body requires no deep understanding of the body, so does moving the properties of existence, that is, moving magic, require no deep understanding for a being of magic.
But what of the wielder of magic, who is not himself a part of magic?
"This is the fate of the wizard, who has magic but never is, himself, magic.
He must rely instead on his willpower, his ordinary way of understanding the world.
His desires and his beliefs come together to shape his will.
In order to grasp the will of magic, the wizard must desire nothing but reality, and believe nothing but the truth.
But these two things are against his nature.
His nature, therefore, is what he must overcome in order to succeed at this task."
Harry frowned.
Sympathetic magic, according to this description, made sense, for example, in the context of vampires.
If vampirism was a curse, then the way its magic worked was not really subject to the will of the vampire, but simply the operation of the curse.
But what about other magical creatures, like goblins or hags?
They were born just like humans, not made from magic.
The next page veered away from any further explication of sympathetic magic, and instead had instructions for drinking some potion and achieving the goals of "desiring reality" and "believing truth."
Harry flipped back to the beginning of the book and discovered from the introduction that it contained the instructions for making something called the Philosopher's Stone, which was apparently the pinnacle of alchemical creation, and could make the user live forever.
A wizard named Abramelin, whom Professor Quirrell had mentioned, was indeed credited with the origin of this recipe, which the book claimed to be the only true recipe.
At the end of the introduction there were about three pages of warnings about how botching any step of the process, which took six years, if all went well, could result in a gruesome death, and that only an alchemist who had dedicated his life to his work should proceed.
If quality duplication was supposed to be nearly impossible, Harry did not really want to know how much harder attaining eternal life would be.
He remembered, uncomfortably, the matter of the horcrux.
But a horcrux didn't make somebody live forever.
At best it offered two lifetimes worth of living, barring unforeseen accidents.
This Philosopher's Stone was something else.
Nic obviously hadn't sent him the book so that he could try out an absurdly deadly alchemy recipe, anyway.
Harry turned back to the flyleaf where the letter had been written, and checked the next page reference.
It pointed him to a ten-page section that appeared to explain the sympathetic properties of what looked like every kind of metal, and how one could go about transfiguring them.
Unfortunately, Harry didn't know the first thing about transfiguration, and so most of it went right over his head.
He sighed and shut the book, deciding to wait until he'd at least had his first Transfiguration lesson, which would be tomorrow morning.
Instead, he wandered over to the other side of the room to watch chessmen bash each other to pieces for the remainder of the evening.
A/N: As usual I take an eternity to update.
You may be annoyed to note that I spent some of the time drawing a less cryptic cover art instead of actually writing.
Thanks to Botulinum for beta reading this chapte.
s it transpired, the first Transfiguration lesson was not the next morning, despite what it said on the timetable.
Apparently, for this first week only, they would not have it until Thursday morning.
Instead, their first class was History of Magic, in the afternoon.
Harry decided to put his free morning to use by exploring the castle.
It was an impossibly bewildering maze.
Despite the variety of portraits and tapestries hanging at intervals in every corridor and the eclectic collection of empty suits of armour that stood guard at the corners, there was something awfully uniform about the place, so that there was no telling whether he was on the second or fifth floor, or the east or west side.
The moving staircases and dimension-defying passageways did nothing to help.
After an hour or so of aimless wandering of the upper floors, he happened upon the library, and decided that it was a good place to stop.
He needed to look up the "Evil Eye" spell that Professor Quirrell had cast on him.
Whatever the man had claimed, Harry did not trust anything that literally had "evil" in its name.
The library was a gargantuan oval chamber with a vaulted ceiling.
Coloured sunlight streamed in through prismatic panes and blended with the candlelight from a dozen massive chandeliers, bathing rows of mahogany shelves in a warm gradient.
The librarian's counter was directly to the left of the entrance, and behind it, towards the back, a thick rope had been drawn across the breadth of the room at waist height.
Harry wandered closer to it, curious, and read the placard that hung from it: "Restricted Section."
He veered away quickly when he felt the librarian's hawk-like gaze burning into his side, and did not dare glance back at her until he had made it into the shadow of a tall shelf.
She had returned to sneering at nothing in particular by then, and Harry stared at her for another few moments, marvelling at the permanently disgusted expression she wore.
It looked like something had crawled up her nose and died there.
He decided not to interact with her unless absolutely necessary.
It quickly became evident, anyway, that the shelves outside the mysterious Restricted Section were organised by school subject, and within each subject by the author's surname.
Harry made for the Defence Against the Dark Arts section, and considered how he was supposed to look for a particular spell whose use he only had the faintest idea of.
Then it occurred to him that the spell was obviously not a transfiguration, so it had to be a charm.
And the best place to start looking for a charm was, of course, the Complete Compendium.
Unless it was an obscure, illegal curse, but Harry could not imagine that a Hogwarts professor would actually go about casting curses on students.
He identified the Complete Compendium as the thickest book at the beginning of the Charms section.
Hefting the tome from its place with a little help from the levitation charm, he ferried it to the nearest table unoccupied by older students and tapped the first page, murmuring the name of the spell.
Nothing happened, and he wondered hesitantly if the Evil Eye was perhaps a curse after all, but then he flipped to the next page and saw a table of contents.
Most likely, this copy of the book was not enchanted.
It was not really too much more effort to find the spell manually, but accustomed to Petri's version as he was, he still felt some childish resentment at the necessity.
The Evil Eye (incantion invideo, as a mantra) was a jinx that was cast using the eyes, and which required unblinking eye-contact with the target, explaining part of the name.
It could be cast with the wand simply held loosely, but there was an optional double-looping wand movement, which Professor Quirrell had used.
The purpose of the jinx was to disrupt enchantments and durative curses and gain temporary control over them.
While the jinx was in effect, the caster would receive impressions of the purpose of the targeted enchantments.
That explained why Professor Quirrell had chosen this particular spell for examining the vampire curse, but Harry thought he had been skirting a rather fine line.
A note at the end of the entry read that the Evil Eye could be considered a curse when used on a human, as it was a vehicle for indirectly laying other curses.
A telltale sign of being targeted with the Evil Eye was a sudden urge to shiver, and the spell could be thwarted by wearing a charm that was aggressively enchanted to do absolutely nothing.
Harry tried and failed to get his head around the concept of such an enchantment.
He couldn't believe he was missing Petri already for the second time in as many days away from home.
A week ago, he would have been vehemently delighted to get as far away from that man and their bloody casket as possible.
Finally, he pulled a somewhat rumpled bit of parchment from his pocket to write it down.
He got as far as "Dear," and then wondered what he was supposed to put.
"Master Joachim" sounded like what Ulrich would say, which was perhaps the right idea.
But what if somebody intercepted the letter?
It sounded completely ridiculous and paranoid, but now that the thought had occurred to him, he could not let it go.
"Dear Uncle Jochen," was the final verdict.
"How can you enchant something to do nothing?
I read that it's the counter to the Evil Eye jinx."
Harry frowned at the note.
Perhaps it was too brusque.
Should he write about what had happened so far at school?
Would Petri even care to read it?
"Hogwarts is good.
The library is huge, but their copy of the Complete Compendium of Charms is not enchanted.
Charms class is very basic so far and I haven't had all my subjects yet, but I don't think I much like Herbology."
He hesitated, wondering if he should mention the matter of the vampire curse.
Finally, he settled on, "My allergies are getting worse.
There's a professor who has a turban that's enchanted to ward off vampires and it makes my head hurt."
The letter was no literary masterpiece, so Harry decided to give up coherency altogether.
"I was sorted into Ravenclaw House.
It's the one for bookworms.
Hope you've been well.
Yours, Harry" Then Harry returned the Complete Compendium to the conspicuous gap in the shelf and spent the rest of his free time before lunch searching for the Owlry so he could post his letter.
He came upon it at the top of one of the corner towers, a narrow, cacophonous cylinder crammed full of wooden perches and carpeted with smelly owl pellets.
He covered his nose with the front of his robe and sent his letter off one-handed with a moon-faced barn owl that was tagged with the Hogwarts crest on its leg.
After lunch was their first History of Magic lesson.
Some of the students shrieked in fear or perhaps excitement at the sight of the professor floating casually in through the blackboard.
Harry immediately decided that no good could come out of a teacher who arguably did not even have free will.
He was right.
The lesson was quite possibly the most boring hour he had ever had the misfortune to suffer, and the knowledge that there were seven years of the same in store soured the experience even further.
Harry wondered if he could exorcise the professor, or perhaps torture him secretly until he gave up his afterlife, or at least reconsidered his teaching style, which could outperform the stunning spell any day at facilitating mass unconsciousness.
Unfortunately, Harry had enough sense to guess that if Hogwarts was still employing a clearly unfit ghost after all these years, then either nobody more competent was interested in the position, or there was not enough money to go around.
He couldn't imagine that they were actually paying Professor Binns, so he was probably good for the budget.
It was the sort of thing Petri might do.
Actually, it was exactly the sort of thing Petri did do, Harry thought, remembering the free labour provided by the departed apprentices.
Harry resolved to bring something to do next time, if only to avoid having to stare into space.
He glanced around every ten seconds, wishing that he had at least brought the textbook; many of the other students who had not outright fallen asleep were reading it instead of paying attention to the professor.
Literally only Hermione appeared to actually be engaged with the lesson.
She was scribbling notes furiously, as she had during all the lessons the day previous.
It was superhuman.
Herbology and Defence Against the Dark Arts were exactly as disappointing as they had been the first time, except that there was no free period after Herbology, so they all had to sit, stewing in their own stink and the pungent garlic odour of Professor Quirrell's classroom, for a full hour while he failed to deliver a coherent lesson, and jumped erratically from topic to topic.
This time, there was homework to read about the charm to shoot red sparks out of one's wand, because they would be practising it the next day.
"My ap-pologies, Mr P-Potter," said Professor Quirrell, when Harry stayed behind to see him afterwards.
"I'm still not f-finished analysing the results.
P-Perhaps tomorrow?"
Harry agreed, eager to leave the vicinity of the man, though he could not fathom why the Evil Eye impressions might take multiple days to assess.
The headache had not returned at all during the lesson, but that did not make the cocktail of sweat and garlic smell any more tolerable.
Professor Quirrell did not have any answers the next day, either, but at least the lesson had been a practical one.
Harry had imagined that they would have some sort of red spark-duel, but in reality they had done a far more bloodless exercise in shooting them at the ceiling.
The spell was easy, and Harry had got it on the third try, but a surprising number of other students had had serious problems making anything happen.
It was the first time many of them had ever used their wands, he realised.
Harry was seriously beginning to grow tired of Hogwarts and its apparently lacklustre teachers and subjects when at last, after a thoroughly uninteresting Charms practical involving the wand-lighting charm, which he could cast in his sleep, Transfiguration came around.
The Transfiguration classroom itself was a great novelty.
It was a large, circular lecture hall on the first floor of the castle, just off a side corridor from the Grand Staircase.
In the back, beside the massive, colourful windows, myriad silver cages full of strangely silent animals of all shapes and sizes were stacked or hung from hooks above a raised stage.
Beneath them the student desks fanned out on a terrace in pairs.
Professor McGonagall, as tall and stern as on the first evening, stood stiffly at the lectern and waited for everyone to arrive, shutting the door with a precise snap of her wand after the last student.
She began the lesson by changing her desk into a pig and back, and gave the serious declaration that Transfiguration was the most complicated subject at Hogwarts.
This was the sort of magic that Harry had come to learn.
Her lecture was interesting, for a change.
The no-nonsense way in which she spoke reminded Harry somewhat of Petri.
"Transfiguration is the branch of magic dedicated to changing the property of Form.
Form may commonly be thought of as an object's shape, but may also encompass its identity and even its existence.
We will begin with, and spend the next few years solely on transformation, the changing of one thing into another thing..." Professor McGonagall told them that the key to a successful transformation was an understanding of the initial form, final form, and the process of transformation.
This last point was especially important.
A faulty conception of the process doomed the spell to failure.
Then she wrote what looked like an equation on the board, but with all letters.
The difficulty of a transfiguration depended on five factors, assuming the caster's understanding of the spell was correct.
The size, in absolute terms, of the initial and final forms was the main contributor to the difficulty.
Then there was a factor, viciousness, which applied only in transfigurations involving living creatures.
Viciousness approximately corresponded to the willpower of the target.
The willpower of the caster, commonly called "concentration," was also integral to the success of the spell.
Then there was "wand power," which was the efficiency of a particular wand for casting Transfiguration.
Professor McGonagall assured them sternly that this factor only became noticeably important at a level beyond the scope of what was taught at Hogwarts, and that everybody's wand would serve them perfectly well in her class.
Finally, the most important factor was the similarity between the initial and final forms.
Similarity, Professor McGonagall explained, was not at all as simple as it sounded.
There was not only similarity of appearance, but also similarity of use and, more interestingly, semantic similarity.
It was easier to transfigure things that began with the same letter of the alphabet, for example.
Professor McGonagall stressed that this ease came of a purely psychological reason, and was not an indication of any mystical correspondence of names.
In order to exploit this phenomenon, Transfigurers had developed their own alphabet for naming objects, so that the factor of similarity could be raised artificially for any arbitrary pair of initial and final forms.
Actively increasing similarity through renaming, the professor informed them, was a very advanced application of Transfiguration, but they would be learning the alphabet this lesson and were expected to be able to read transliterated English fluently in it by the end of term.
She proceeded to write it out on the blackboard.
There was a flurry of activity as everybody made to copy it down.
Unlike enchanter's shorthand, which was full of arrows and slashes, the transfiguration alphabet consisted of circles and rectangles broken up by dots.
The reason for this relatively uniform appearance, Professor McGonagall explained, was to heighten the similarity between any two given letters, without compromising their distinctness.
Words were also not written left to right, but in clusters, and often outlined by regular polygons in order to give them more visual symmetry.
Symmetric things were easier to remember.
She proceeded to give some examples.
The word "cat" was written vertically, in a rectangle, while "hag" was written in a triangle.
She tapped the board, and a list of a dozen simple English words appeared in the top left corner.
"Your homework, to be handed in the next lesson, will include writing these words in the Transfiguration alphabet," she said, to a chorus of groans from the predominantly Gryffindor side of the room.
The professor shot them a truly withering look that shut everyone up with alacrity.
"I would like to draw your attention now to the letters 'N' and 'M,'" said Professor McGonagall after everyone had noted the homework.
"Notice how they are each a bent staff, reflections of each other."
The letter "N" looked like an upside-down Latin 'L,' and as the professor had pointed out, "M" was its horizontal reflection.
"A mnemonic for thinking of these two letters is 'M and N, Match and Needle.'
You see that they resemble a match and needle.
Repeat after me, please."
The class rumbled quietly as students murmured the phrase under their breaths.
Professor McGonagall nodded, apparently finding the half-hearted attempt sufficient, and did not call on them to say it again.
She waved her wand in a sweeping motion.
A drawer in her desk opened with a bang, and flurry of matches leapt out and distributed themselves among the students.
McGonagall held up one match for demonstration.
"As you may have guessed, you will be practising the transformation from match to needle.
The incantation for general transformation is 'Muto.'
The wand movement follows the alphabet."
She flicked her wand up, to the side, and then down, as if joining the two letters, and the match grew silvery and pointed in her hand.
She set down her needle and nodded for everyone to begin.
The classroom erupted into motion as students reached for their wands and began wave them fervently over their matches.
Harry considered his match for a moment, practised the square wand movement several times—it felt stiff and unnatural to somebody accustomed to the generous, diagonal flicks and slashes characteristic of charms—and then tried the spell.
Absolutely nothing happened, but he had hardly expected otherwise.
He tried twice more before pausing to consider what he was doing wrong.
Next to him, Hermione had not yet picked up her wand, but appeared to be observing everyone else.
A clever tactic.
Harry copied her.
Nobody had yet made any indication of success, but most people seemed to have gone with the strategy of trying the spell repeatedly.
Harry spotted Terry sketching squares in the air like a maniac.
Some students were using grotesquely incorrect wand motions, and Professor McGonagall was making her way around the classroom, correcting the most egregious cases.
Finally, Hermione tried the spell.
For a moment, the match seemed to shudder, before settling firmly back into its original shape.
This effect was still more than anybody else had managed.
"How did you do that?"
Harry asked.
"It's what Professor McGonagall said," she said.
"You have to understand the initial and final forms, and the process.
Well the match is right in front of us and everybody knows what a needle looks like, so those can't be the problem.
It's the process, of course.
How is the match really becoming the needle?"
"Right, how?"
Harry prompted, when Hermione paused.
She seemed more than pleased to tell him.
"There's no logical in-between state.
The match is wood and phosphorus and the needle is steel.
You'll confuse yourself if you think of it like that.
The trick is to rely completely on the shape of the letters.
It's explained in chapter two of the textbook," she said.
Harry frowned.
If it was in the textbook and directly relevant to the lesson, why had Professor McGonagall failed to mention it?
Well, he supposed she had alluded to the idea, but not made it explicitly clear.
He tried the spell again, and to his gratification, the match was replaced by a needle for a split second before it returned to being a match.
"How did you do that?"
Hermione demanded.
"I did what you said," he said, a little bemused.
The trouble, he reckoned, was that he had spent too much effort thinking about the process this time, and not enough about the result.
Putting in the right amount of concentration turned out to be more difficult than it sounded, however, because by the end of the lesson, he had still not made it past the flickering stage.
On the other hand, Morag's match, fortunately on the other side of the room, had caught fire.
Twice.
Hermione's match had turned silver and pointed, and remained that way.
There was no eyehole, Harry noted pettily, but Professor McGonagall gave five points to Gryffindor and exempted her from the homework that everybody else got.
"Twelve inches!
It's not fair," Terry said when they had passed well out of earshot of the Gryffindors.
"I almost got mine to work.
McGonagall just wasn't looking.
You saw it, right?"
"Oh stuff it.
It's totally fair," said Anthony.
"Yours barely went silver, for one second."
"I don't like it," Terry stressed.
Anthony crossed his arms.
"I don't like it either, but that doesn't mean it's not fair.
They're not related things at all," he said.
"They are," said Terry.
"How are we supposed to judge fairness if it isn't about who likes what?
There's not some objective kind of goodness.
If I managed one second of the transformation, I ought to get an inch off the requirement."
Anthony snorted in disgust.
"Homework's good for you," said Stephen as he strode ahead of the bickering pair.
The Ravenclaw knocker was apparently so pleased by their discussion that it let them in without asking them a question.
Actually, the door to the common room had been opened from the inside by an exiting student.
It was Cho, laden with a heavy bookbag and clearly on the way to class.
She waved at Harry as he passed, and he waved back, but she had already looked away.
Harry brought his Transfiguration textbook to History of Magic, and wrote his homework instead of listening to Professor Binns' impossibly soporific rambling on goblins.
Hermione, who again sat at the edge of the unofficial divide between Ravenclaw and Gryffindor, actually had the gall to glare disapprovingly at him.
On her other side, the rude redhead who had ridden on the train with them, Ron, was fast asleep and drooling onto his desk, and most of the other Gryffindors appeared to be faring no better.
Harry wondered how on earth Hermione had not ended up in Ravenclaw.
In the second chapter of the Transfiguration text, Harry found the passage she had mentioned during the lesson that morning, on visualising the transformation process using the alphabet.
He determined that his problem with the spell was at the point of moving from the letter "N" to the actual concept of a needle.
He just was not sufficiently accustomed to the transfiguration alphabet.
Writing down his understanding of the spell fortunately made just twelve inches, measured approximately by his wand, which he knew was eleven inches.
He glanced up at Professor Binns and noted that he was still talking about goblins, and did not look anywhere on the verge of wrapping up the lesson.
Begrudgingly, he started writing out the list of words Professor McGonagall had also assigned them.
It was slow going, and he had to reference the book for every other letter.
Still, if Hermione, a mudblood—"muggle-born," he reminded himself—had managed to learn it so quickly, then surely he could as well.
He could just imagine Petri making a scornful comparison over his shoulder.
He finished just as the period ended, and decided to spend the remainder of the afternoon in the library.
Half his Ravenclaw compatriots, along with Hermione, apparently had the same idea.
"Did you finish the Transfiguration homework already?"
Harry asked Hermione.
"I mean, you still had to do the alphabet part, right?"
Hermione nodded.
"I had a free period right after the lesson."
So had Harry, but he had spent it in the much more enjoyable pursuit of singeing his eyebrows with Exploding Snap.
Oliver had conveniently interrogated Terry in detail about the rules beforehand, saving Harry the embarrassment of revealing his ignorance about wizarding games.
"Can we compare answers?"
Harry asked.
"I wasn't sure about the shape for 'button.'"
Hermione looked conflicted for a moment, glancing back and forth, but then nodded slightly.
Harry supposed she was trying to be discreet, and didn't want everybody else to copy their answers.
He could relate to that feeling; Dudley had gone through a phase of rampant copying before he had devolved to ignoring homework entirely.
The librarian stared their group down as they entered, and Lisa steered them out of her sight, to a table behind the Divination shelves, where everyone pulled up chairs and let their bookbags fall.
Nobody else had done their Transfiguration homework yet, so Harry and Hermione huddled in a corner and compared papers.
Harry had written "button" in a rectangle, while Hermione had used a hexagon.
After some debating Harry changed his answer.
Then they were done.
Harry wondered if it would be rude to return to the common room without the others.
Hermione made no indication that she was about to leave, and instead selected what appeared to be a random book off a nearby shelf to read.
Harry supposed that since he was in the library already he might as well see what was available.
Ninety percent of Petri's books were far beyond his comprehension, not that that stopped Petri from making him read them, but the Hogwarts library was intended for students, so he expected to have better luck.
Most of the shelf at eye level was dominated by copies of the same book: Unfogging the Future, Vol.
1, by Cassandra Vablatsky.
Harry supposed it must be a popular text, or required reading.
He extracted a copy of the heavy, leather-bound tome and settled down across from Hermione.
The table of contents named what appeared to be every sort of "-mancy" that could be conceived of.
Harry even saw "Necromancy" towards the end.
He flipped to the indicated page, curious.
"Necromancy is the art of divining the future through the artifacts of the dead.
The practice of necromancy dates back millennia, perhaps as far as the beginning of wizard-kind, and exists in every wizarding society.
The earliest concrete description of the art mentioned in written record is found in the scrolls of the Han Court Augurs, who outline the methods of practitioners from the Shang Dynasty, thousands of years before them.
"In modern times, necromancy is a highly restricted art in most jurisdictions, due to the sensitive nature of the required materials.
There is nonetheless ample opportunity and reason to practice it within these restrictions.
Necromancy has long been known as as one of the most accurate forms of divination in certain contexts, outperforming even Arithmancy, for example, in the prediction of cataclysmic events surrounding single persons (for a discussion of Arithmantic accuracy in predicting mass phenomena, see Vol.
2, Chapter 8 of this series)."
Harry flipped through the next several pages and found some suggested exercises with different mediums, such as fire-reading of burning hair, or water-reading involving a treasured piece of jewellery.
There was no mention of anything involving blood, bone, more substantial parts of the corpse, or even ashes.
He supposed that these were considered dark magic.
He had not actually realised until now that it was even possible to do necromancy with things as innocuous as hair or personal belongings, and resolved to try it.
Except, now that he thought about it, getting a dead person's hair was perhaps not as easy as it sounded at first.
It was not as if there were a Rosenkol here to rob graves at will.
And getting a specific dead person's hair would be even more difficult.
And anyway, what he really ought to be trying, at the moment, was the match to needle transfiguration.
He eyed the other Ravenclaws and Hermione, but they were all still engrossed in their assignments and reading.
Finally, he decided to stand casually and, while returning his book to the shelf, surreptitiously slip away.
Lisa noticed, but she only looked up to wave at him, and Harry waved awkwardly back.
He hurried to get out from under the librarian's gaze and made for the Transfiguration classroom to find a match.
The door was locked, which Harry supposed made sense, and when he gave it an experimental tug, the rattling thud confirmed that it was bolted and barred, which prevented the use of the unlocking charm.
Just as he was considering his other options, however, the door clicked and swung open, and a stream of students began to pour out.
Of course, Harry thought, feeling rather stupid; there were other Transfiguration lessons besides his own, seven years worth.
Though it looked like these were the other first years: the Hufflepuffs and Slytherins.
Harry spotted Draco and his bookends stalking out towards the end.
He looked quite smug, and Harry saw him twirling a little needle in his fingers.
"You got the transfiguration?"
Harry blurted as they passed, and Draco paused to nod magnanimously, showing only a brief moment of surprise.
"I did," he said, and then his gaze travelled down to Harry's tie.
He took another moment to glance around, before remarking "You're not in this class, are you?"
"No," said Harry.
"I had it earlier.
I just wanted to see if I could get a match to practise on."
To his surprise, Draco's arm shot out, offering him the transfigured needle.
"Here.
I expect it will wear off any minute now."
Just as Harry's fingers closed around the needle and he stammered his thanks, Vince said, "But Draco, you said..." "Right, right.
You and..." Draco gave Harry a long moment of blank consideration before managing, "Harry, here, can practise together.
We'll see you at dinner."
Then he turned on his heel and walked off without another word, his other friend lumbering after him with a confused backwards glance.
Harry had the distinct feeling that Draco had just purposefully taken the opportunity to offload his friend onto him.
"Vince, right?"
Harry tried.
"I'm Harry."
Vince nodded.
They shook, and his gigantic, meaty paw enveloped Harry's hand entirely.
Harry pulled back as soon as he could and wiped his sweaty fingers gingerly on his robes.
"Let's find an empty classroom," he suggested.
The needle was still very much a needle in his hand, and felt solidly metallic.
Envy of Draco Malfoy tasted rank, and he tried to swallow it down.
If he was leagues ahead in Charms, it stood to reason that others could have had a head start in another subject.
Vince followed two paces behind him as if he were Draco Malfoy, and did not speak.
Finding an empty classroom was harder than it sounded, since it seemed everybody had had the idea already.
They stumbled across a dozen older students brandishing their wands, studying in solitary corners, and even playing Gobstones, before a moving staircase finally deposited them in a lesser-frequented part of the castle, in front of a doorway with no door, and only a frilly curtain of moth-eaten, burgundy lace.
The unoccupied little room behind it was panelled in a light wood, and offered a collection of chairs, but no desks.
A single-paned, rectangular window at the far end let in just enough light to obviate the need for a lamp.
Harry tugged a chair to the centre of the room, wincing as it screeched against the uneven floor, and set the needle down.
He knew finite did not work on transfigured objects, and that there was a separate counter-spell, but he had not encountered it in his reading yet.
When he turned his attention to the needle again, however, it was no needle, but a match.
Shrugging, he pointed his wand at it and cast the transfiguration.
The match flickered, and then it was a needle flickering, and Harry's brow furrowed deeply with effort, but at last he could not hold the thought into his head and it slipped back into the form of a match.
"It doesn't work for me," said Vince, and he tried the spell with impeccable pronunciation and crisp wand movements and nothing happened whatsoever.
"You probably need to focus more on the process of transformation," Harry suggested.
Vince gave him a blank stare.
Harry wracked his brains for a better way to explain it.
"Remember the transfiguration alphabet?
How M goes to N like it's flipping over?"
"Alphabet?"
asked Vincent, "Is that like, for reading?"
And the way he said "reading" was awfully familiar in the worst way.
Harry hurried to preempt any philosophical trouble and said, firmly, "No.
It's the alphabet like for spells.
Magic.
You know, just imagine how the match turns into a needle by flipping over."
It sounded sort of like nonsense even to himself, so he tried to demonstrate.
Moving his wand in a square, he thought of the flip and the needle, N, but not N, but the hook, and a shiny silver needle complete with an eye.
He looked down and was a little astonished to see a needle, after all, lying there on the chair, bright and sharp.
Vince looked as lost as ever.
"You try," said Harry, before he remembered that of course there was currently nothing to try on.
He wondered if he could transfigure the needle right back, reverse the spell, by reversing the wand movement.
Before he could think too hard about why it might be dangerous to attempt, he went ahead and did it.
It worked, and the transition was again a sort of seamless flicker, so that it looked as if his eyes were playing tricks on him.
Harry stepped back and gestured for Vince to have a go.
The heavyset boy sketched the wand movement precisely, and without enthusiasm.
Nothing happened.
"I can't do it," he repeated.
"Nonsense," said Harry, "Don't say that.
You're foiling yourself.
Most of my class couldn't get anything either.
Only one girl managed it."
Vince still looked unconvinced, so Harry tried another angle.
"Writing McGonagall's essay helped, at least for me.
You could try doing that first."
"I can't write," said Vince.
And despite having somewhat expected to hear that, Harry still found himself appalled, and lost for words.
Vince seemed to catch on to the problem, because he added, "It didn't come natural to me."
"It doesn't come naturally to anybody," said Harry.
"You've got to learn it."
"It came natural to Draco," said Vince, with such conviction that Harry was a little afraid to contradict him.
But of course Draco had learned to read and write like everybody else.
Or not everybody else, as was quickly becoming apparent.
Were people who thought like Annette's father common?
It couldn't be the case—Hogwarts professors assigned essays for homework, and there were textbooks, so literacy was obviously assumed.
"Maybe you just need to try again," Harry said, a little lamely.
"Trying something over and over again and expecting something different is mad," said Vince very sagely.
That was true, Harry supposed, but in another way it also wasn't true at all and completely missed the point.
"It's not all or nothing," Harry said.
"Each time you get a little bit better.
It's what practice is for."
But Vince's lips had curled into a stubborn grimace, and Harry knew he did not believe a word he'd said.
The boy's declaration echoed in his head.
Trying to continue the argument like this would help nobody.
Harry decided to let the matter drop and practised some more on the match.
Just like with charms, or perhaps even more so, his ability to complete the transfiguration dramatically spiked after his first success.
Vince said and did nothing, but continued to watch him.
Harry felt very self-conscious, like he was showing off.
"So," he said, to fill the silence and take a break from the needle-match.
"What sorts of things, er, do come naturally to you?"
"Eating," said Vince, very wistfully.
Harry opened his mouth, and then closed it, and then opened it again.
"Er, right.
Everyone—I mean, me too," he said.
"What about, er, spells?"
Vince brightened up.
"I know," he began, and then he deflated and said, "I don't know any.
I can't do that spell, and I can't do the wand-lighting charm."
He was absolutely lying, and Harry guessed that he only knew the dark arts.
Well, it was fair enough, he supposed.
If Petri hadn't thought it worthwhile to teach him charms, all Harry would know was dark arts too, or worse, nothing at all.
But the wand-lighting charm, surely, was too simple just to be given up on?
"You can," Harry murmured.
Harry thought about magic, and necessity, and the wand-lighting charm.
Then he raised his wand and said, "Nox!"
and the room dimmed, as if some sourceless darkness were pressing upon it and draining the sunlight.
According to their Defence textbook, this charm was the "wand-extinguishing charm," but Harry knew from seeing Petri use it on rooms lit by bluebell flame that it just as well extinguished any illumination, in the most peculiar fashion.
It did not put out fires, but just temporarily stopped any light from escaping them.
Preventing the sunlight from showing through the window took more iterations of the spell than he had ever needed to counter lumos, but eventually he managed to plunge them into darkness.
"What are you doing?"
Vince demanded.
"Cast the spell," Harry said.
"What spell?"
Vince sounded nervous, and Harry heard the scraping and knocking of chairs.
He scrambled backwards in order to avoid being in the heavyset boy's way.
"Cast lumos," he insisted.
"I know you can do it."
"I can't," Vince protested.
"I told you."
"Just try it!"
Harry cajoled.
"Lumos," muttered Vince, and there was the faintest sputter of light, which then disappeared.
"Come on, even a squib could do that," Harry said, and perhaps it was mean, but it was what Rosenkol had said, and enmity had ignited Harry's spellcasting as much as encouragement ever had.
"Lumos," Vince said again, and the room lightened considerably until it was back to normal, and finally a faint beam of light shot out of the end of his wand.
"Nice," said Harry, grinning with distraction.
He noticed that Vince had actually begun by countering Harry's spell, rather than simply lighting his own wand, and wondered why that had happened.
He was about to ask, but figured that Vince most likely didn't know either.
"Thanks," said Vince, glancing down nervously.
He seemed to need a moment to compose himself, but then he looked up and smiled shyly.
"It didn't make sense to me until then, but then it was just, obvious.
Light in the dark.
That was… it was scary, but clever of you, Harry."
He said "Harry," very naturally, Harry noticed, without skipping a beat the way Draco and Terry and very nearly everybody else did.
Harry tugged at his tie and twirled the end around his fingers.
"I am a Ravenclaw," he said, and they chuckled with something that was almost camaraderie.
"It's nearly dinnertime," said Vince, and even though "nearly" was stretching it, Harry decided he had accomplished what he had set out to do, and agreed to leave for the Great Hall.
There was no food yet when they arrived, but the places had been set and there were some students there already, including Draco Malfoy and his other friend.
Harry handed Draco his match back, currently in the form a needle.
"You did it, then?"
Draco asked, and he looked back and forth between Harry and Vince, before finally settling on Harry, who nodded.
"Not me," said Vince a little glumly, "but look.
Lumos."
A weak but steady light filtered out of the end of his wand.
Draco did not look remotely impressed, but he said anyway, "Good," and then, "Sit down."
And Vince sat.
Harry stood awkwardly for several more seconds before he decided to slink away to the Ravenclaw table, where some older students were studying with their books stacked high between the plates.
Before he could find a suitable place to sit down, he was accosted by a very pale and garlicky Professor Quirrell, who said, "Mr P-p-p," gave up on the name and slid into, "please come see me after, after dinner.
My office.
You, you re-remember where it is?"
"Yes, sir," said Harry, supposing that Professor Quirrell had finally come up with the results of his analysis.
It was about time.
Harry watched him throughout dinner while shoveling potatoes impatiently into his mouth, and at the first sign of Professor Quirrell slipping delicately from his place at the high table, he vacated his seat as well and hurried to intercept the man outside.
"Let's go together, sir," he said as he caught up, and Professor Quirrell nodded jerkily, looking rather surprised.
Harry was not sure why—it had been a common-sense idea.
Perhaps the professor had wanted to do something beforehand?
Well, he ought not to have said "after dinner," if that was the case.
"I read about the spell you used, sir," said Harry.
"Is it really hard to understand the impressions?
But then how does it help you control enchantments?"
He had more to say, but remembered to hold his stream of questions and give Professor Quirrell some time to answer.
"It isn't, isn't hard, ordinarily," said Professor Quirrell.
"But the, the vampire's c-curse is very c-complicated."
Harry nodded.
He supposed something that could slowly warp a person into a magical creature with all manner of odd properties would hardly be simple.
"I see.
So there isn't a better way to measure how far along the curse has got?
I thought, maybe, it's a common medical thing."
"Not c-common," said Professor Quirrell.
"Most p-people don't survive an enc-counter with a vampire."
This entirely contradicted Harry's knowledge of vampires, and he had to protest.
"I thought vampires don't kill someone on the first go.
They visit a few times."
"Repeat visits that end in d-death," Quirrell averred.
"C-consec-consecutive nights."
Wouldn't somebody notice by the first night that they had been attacked and take preventive measures?
But then Harry remembered the memory charm, and whatever sympathetic variant wandless vampires employed, and supposed not.
"H-here we are," said Professor Quirrell as they rounded the bend of the Charm's corridor.
He pulled open his office door and held it.
Harry preceded him and took one of the visitor's chairs as Professor Quirrell edged his way around his desk.
The décor on the wall immediately behind the man was different from the last time he had seen it; some of the aeroplane photographs had been replaced by other clippings, these ones from some coloured wizarding magazine, judging by the prominent moving picture.
It depicted what looked like a long tree branch that had a golden, obviously enchanted snake coiled around it, slithering continuously but somehow never moving an inch up the branch.
Below the picture, bold text read, "ROD OF AESCULAPIUS?
Curse breakers in the Balkans discovered an artefact that resembles..." Professor Quirrell followed the direction of his gaze and said, still staring at the picture, "They found it several days ago, and think it might have been created by Herpo the Foul."
"Sorry sir, who's that?"
Harry asked.
Oddly enough, Professor Quirrell's head whipped in the wrong direction at this, so that he was facing away from Harry, but not looking directly at the picture either.
"An ancient dark wizard, known for his affinity with snakes," the professor answered with his back still turned.
He did not seem inclined to give any further details.
"Oh," Harry said, losing interest.
It was high time Professor Quirrell reveal what he had learned from the Evil Eye spell.
That was what he had come for.
"So, about the vampire curse, what's the verdict, sir?"
he asked.
It was bad news; he would bet his Gringotts key on it, or there was no way it would have taken so long.
"Not g-good, I'm afraid," said Professor Quirrell, finally turning around to face him.
"Very, very severe.
Y-you could be on the v-verge of losing your humanity.
The best solution would be to, to, defeat the vampire and end the curse."
"Defeat?"
Harry repeated, putting aside for a moment the matter of imminent transformation into a dark creature in favour of an even less credible prospect.
"You mean kill?"
Laughable.
His beating Silviu in a fight was unimaginable.
But then again, Silviu seemed to have some sort of misguided soft spot for him.
What if Harry caught him off guard?
It was still a stretch.
"Yes, kill," Professor Quirrell agreed, so obliviously serious that Harry had to at least entertain the notion.
"Does the killing curse work on vampires?"
he wondered aloud.
That he certainly could not and would not cast that curse was beside the point.
"A sufficiently powerful killing curse will work on anything," said Professor Quirrell, but he frowned as he said it, and stared darkly at at Harry, almost as if saying to himself, "anything but you."
But of course, Harry knew that Professor Quirrell couldn't possibly notice that Harry had survived the killing curse without concluding something about his identity.
More likely he was alarmed at Harry's mention of the curse at all.
"Oh, er, well but it's illegal.
I mean, unforgivable," he said quickly.
But Professor Quirrell corrected him.
"The killing curse is only unforgivable when cast on a human," "Oh."
The world and everything in it except Harry seemed to take a twisting step to the left.
He hadn't once considered that the curse could be permissible, in any context.
Of course he had seen Petri cast it unflinchingly on animals before, but he'd automatically attributed it to the man's general disregard for the law.
"N-not that I'm suggesting that you learn the k-killing curse," Professor Quirrell added hastily.
"B-but there are other effective curses as well."
"Like what, sir?"
asked Harry, sceptical.
Petri had implied that there was very little even a grown wizard could do, legally, to get out of a sticky situation with a vampire.
He had not mentioned the killing curse, but Harry supposed it was a hard curse that not many people knew and that was certainly beyond Harry's ability.
They had been looking for practical solutions at the time.
Also, Harry remembered, Silviu had a wand, and that changed things, but he was hardly going to mention that to the professor.
"There's the Enemy's Curse," said Professor Quirrell.
"Isn't that illegal?"
Harry asked, and then considered for another moment, "or is it like the killing curse?"
"Right, exactly," Professor Quirrell confirmed, though he looked a little surprised, perhaps, that Harry had heard of it.
"Only illegal on humans."
Petri had not mentioned this fact, for obvious reasons, given his stance on using curses like that, and Harry remembered that the first time he had seen it was when Annette used it on Silviu in his memory.
"Is it a standard defence against vampires, or something, sir?"
he asked.
"No, not, not exactly, but it's a good opening spell, for anything," said Quirrell.
"A beam spell, impossible to dodge if properly aimed."
"Beam spell?"
Harry repeated.
"You mean a projection spell, sir?"
"A specific sort of projection spell," said Professor Quirrell.
"Perhaps a demonstration would be best.
Consider the stunning spell."
He stood and stepped back, drew his wand from his sleeve with a flick of his hand, and pointed it at the wall.
Harry got to his feet as well and watched with interest as the professor incanted, "Stupefy!"
and a bright red bolt shot out and struck the stone in between a pair of newspaper clippings, splashing against it and leaving behind a small scorch mark.
"It can be dodged," said Professor Quirrell.
"It is projected, but it is not light.
The spell is much slower, and glows because it is hot.
Contrast to the Enemy's Curse.
Inimico!"
His imperative was reserved, almost clinical, and a flash of radiant blue escaped the end of his wand.
This time Harry bore the watering of his eyes and observed, with some wonder and horror, what the professor had been trying to explain.
The spell took no time at all to reach the wall—it had simply come into existence and then faded just as instantaneously a moment later.
Suddenly, it made sense, how it had "pierced" Silviu's shield charm in his memory.
Any attempt to counter the curse after it had already been cast was futile, because it would already be too late.
Preempting it must be the only effective measure.
Harry squinted at the scorch mark made by the stunning spell and his vision zoomed in alarmingly, his enchanted spectacles a little too eager to assist.
He nearly fell over but managed to catch himself on the edge of Professor Quirrell's desk and take a proper look.
Just one mark.
Either the man had impeccable aim, or the Enemy's Curse had had no effect whatsoever on the wall.
"What does that curse actually do?"
Harry asked, now finding it a little absurd that he had been able to cast it without even knowing any basic facts about it.
He supposed he could see where Petri was coming from, just a little, on the topic of instinctive spellcasting.
"It depends," said Professor Quirrell, "on many factors.
The caster's aggression, and desperation, and the target's aggression.
As the name suggests, it is most effective on enemies, and simply causes indiscriminate damage throughout the body.
Burst blood vessels are a common effect."
"And that affects vampires?"
Harry asked, because now that he thought of it, he had no idea how vampires worked, either.
Where did the blood they drank go?
Was it like food for humans, or did it literally become their blood?
He needed to consult the library.
Or Professor Quirrell, but he didn't want to annoy the man with too many tangential questions.
"Yes," said Professor Quirrell.
"As I said, the curse causes damage to the enemy, whatever it might be."
"I see, sir," said Harry.
"Good.
Well then, Mr Potter, give it a try," said Professor Quirrell.
"It's not difficult."
"I already know it," said Harry, after a moment's pause.
There was no reason to hide the fact now.
"Then show me," the professor amended.
Harry hesitated.
He wasn't sure exactly how to articulate why he did not want to cast the spell without sounding like he had been lying, somehow.
"Are you sure?"
he asked instead, to buy some thinking time.
But Professor Quirrell was very sure, and only nodded sternly.
It was fine to cast it for an academic purpose, was it not?
It apparently wasn't illegal after all.
And it wasn't like just using it was going to turn Harry into a vegetable, or—his mind flashed to Crabbe, and he winced at the uncharitable thought, but it was true.
He knew not to rely on the curse in real situations.
Steeling himself, he drew his wand and pointed it in the approximate direction of the mark left by the professor's stunning spell.
He breathed in, and focused on the spell.
"Inimico!"
He felt his stomach drop like a large stone had fell into it as nothing happened.
"Er..." Harry peered up at Professor Quirrell through his fringe and noticed with surprise that the man's eyes were wide and unfocused, and that a sheen of sweat had appeared across his narrow forehead.
He looked like he was about to be ill. "Ah, Mr P-p-potter," the professor stammered, not just normally, but like he was very nervous.
Harry blinked, because he couldn't remember Professor Quirrell stuttering just a minute ago.
He had spoken quite confidently, then.
"Think, think of s-someone you d-don't like."
Right, of course.
That was the point, he understood, with sudden clarity.
The Enemy's Curse was for enemies.
It wasn't like the mending charm or the fire-making charm or even the killing curse.
All those were defined by their effects.
This curse was defined by its target.
He thought of Petri, but with the man so far away, he couldn't muster up even resentment.
Actually, he had a thousand questions for the man, questions he could have asked with impunity had he been there instead of here.
His mind flashed to Silviu next.
Silviu had just about turned him into a vampire, and he was supposed to be practicing this spell to kill him, as stupid as it sounded even in Harry's head.
But something about Silviu made it impossible to hate him too, even if Harry trusted him about as far as he could throw him.
Maybe it was his sheer earnestness, which made him seem almost simple.
It was like trying to hate a cat for biting your hand.
What was hatred, or even dislike?
Funny.
The spell had come so easily to him the first time, erupted so smoothly from his wand that he had been confident that he'd all but mastered it.
He passed his wand to his other hand so he could wipe his sweaty palm on his robes.
Now he was left bereft of the faintest idea of how to summon the requisite magic.
Professor Quirrell still looked as nervous as Harry felt, which paradoxically served to calm him.
"I don't think I can, er, with no target," he admitted, rolling his wand slowly between his palms.
"I've only done it once before and it was, er, different."
The imminent threat of the cruciatus curse had probably been a key motivator, now that he thought on it.
"Im-imagination," Professor Quirrell stammered, almost at a whisper.
Harry blinked at the cryptic comment.
Was he saying that Harry needed more imagination?
Meanwhile, Professor Quirrell stopped looking quite as ill and had begun, instead, to stare off into space in the vague direction of the back corner.
Before Harry could think of how to articulate that imagination was not the issue here, the professor nodded to himself and said, "Perhaps that's enough.
We c-can continue a-another time.
It's nearly c-curfew."
Startled, Harry flicked his wand and confirmed that the time was indeed quarter to curfew.
"Er, right, sir," he said.
"Thanks for, er, thanks."
Since Professor Quirrell did not seem to paying all that much attention, he shoved his wand in his robe pocket, backed up to the door, and leaned his weight against it so that he rotated along with it out of the office.
He felt suddenly drained, and his feet dragged despite his need to make it back to the Ravenclaw common room before curfew.
Why hadn't he been able to cast the spell?
He twirled his wand absently between his fingers, as if he might divine the answer in its striated surface, but it felt like only so much dead wood in his hands.
A/N: Thanks to Botulinum for beta reading.
Thanks to everybody else for reading, readin.
riday they only had potions, in the afternoon.
Accordingly, Harry spent the morning holed up behind his bed curtains, consulting Nic's book and trying to apply his newly acquired knowledge of Transfiguration to understanding the passages on sympathetic magic.
He couldn't help thinking that, short of killing Silviu as Professor Quirrell had unrealistically suggested, the best first step in dealing with the vampire's curse was to get a better understanding of how it worked.
Not that the book on the Philosopher's Stone was much help on that front.
Even with Nic's directions and notes, it was unclear how a wizard was actually supposed to understand sympathetic magic.
Believing in reality and desiring the truth was all good—too good.
Harry didn't see why anybody would willingly believe in falsities, or desire lies.
Yet it was clear that he was not currently in the state described in the book, because otherwise he would not be having these troubles with sympathetic magic in the first place.
He was disturbed from his agonizing and contemplation by a disturbance in his curtains.
The dark blue material suddenly jumped at him, billowing with a dull sound.
Somebody was… knocking.
Harry ripped the hangings to the side, and for his trouble nearly got a fist to his face.
"Oi, watch it."
"You're awake!"
Terry exclaimed.
Harry scowled.
"Of course I'm awake.
It's bloody," he paused, checked the time with his wand, and continued, "eleven o'clock.
I was reading."
As surreptitiously as he could, he shoved his book closed and laid his hand over the front to obscure the title.
"Sorry," said Terry.
"You didn't come to breakfast so me and Anthony thought you were having a lie-in.
Wanted to make sure you didn't miss Potions."
"Thanks," said Harry, charitably not pointing out that they did not have Potions until after lunch, and as such he still had over an hour to spare.
He understood the origin of the sentiment.
Upon hearing that their first contact with the man was to be postponed the better part of a week, Robert had wasted no time regaling any firstie he stumbled across with horror stories about Professor Snape, the Potions Master.
A good two-thirds of these tales seemed to be second-hand accounts involving Gryffindors, but they were worrying all the same.
Professor Snape was known for calling on students at will during his lecture, whether or not they raised a hand to volunteer, and belittling anybody who failed to deliver a correct and concise response.
He also blatantly favoured his own house with points, and seemed to take the Slytherin-Gryffindor rivalry more seriously than even the students.
Once, a disastrous review session had ended with only a single ruby left in the towering Gryffindor hourglass, all without any potions even being brewed.
As it transpired, it was not possible for a house to have negative points.
Fortunately, Ravenclaws were not Gryffindors, but the point still stood.
Practicals were supposedly even worse.
Professor Snape had the eyes and ears of a hawk; nothing escaped him in his classroom.
He also believed in truly practical learning, and rarely intervened in potions accidents unless they appeared imminently life-threatening.
Potions lessons were by far at the top of the list of reasons for visiting the hospital wing.
It was with all this in mind that a subdued group of Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs waited with bated breath in the chilly dungeon classroom for the arrival of their professor.
It was still five minutes to the lesson, but all the students were already present.
Harry had somehow managed to be the odd one out again, and had been relegated to a seat adjacent to a Hufflepuff girl who looked like she was about to be sick at any moment.
At precisely twelve thirty, the door to the classroom burst open and Professor Snape stalked in, black robes billowing behind him.
He strode with single-minded purpose to his desk, stepped up behind the raised lectern, and pivoted crisply.
"We shall make this quick," he began, unfurling the scroll of names.
"A raised hand will suffice to note your presence.
Abbott, Hannah."
The girl beside him squeaked at her name being called, as if she hadn't had her whole life to become accustomed to alphabetical order, and raised a shy hand.
Professor Snape's eyes flickered briefly upward before he continued.
When he got to "Potter, Harry," some intense emotion flashed across the Professor's face, only to be replaced the next moment by apparent bewilderment, and then a sneer of consternation.
He paused a little longer than he had after the other names, before proceeding.
As soon as he finished taking the register, his dark gaze swept over entire class, searching.
They made a full circuit around the room and seemed still to be left wanting.
Then he spoke: "Potion-making is the most versatile and exact practice that you all will encounter in your lives.
There is little fanciful incanting or foolish wand-waving to be found here.
As such, many of you will hardly comprehend the magic that lies within the softly simmering cauldron, the subtle and beautiful power that can bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses.
But you will learn.
I shall teach you to capture the most ephemeral forces in a bottle—fame, fortune, even life and death—unless you prove yourselves to be another bunch of lazy, disgraceful dunderheads."
He stopped for a moment, and there was a rustling across the classroom from the flattening of unruly parchment rolls.
Harry gripped his quill tightly and readied himself to make notes.
"Potter!"
Professor Snape said suddenly, and Harry jumped.
The Professor was glaring intently at the register that still rested on his lectern.
"Tell me.
What would I get if I added armadillo bile and ground scarab beetles to a tincture of ginger?"
Harry, accustomed to being forced to answer barked questions on the spot, wasted no more time with surprise and instead spent a moment to contemplate.
The word "tincture" rang a bell.
For each common type of potion base, the Potions text, which he had pored over during lunch, had given an example of something that used it.
Harry wasn't sure he remembered the particular ingredients, but he couldn't imagine that Professor Snape would expect them to know some random potion, otherwise.
So he said, confidently, "Wit-Sharpening Potion."
Professor Snape's head snapped up and he looked wildly around the classroom.
Frustration curled his lip, before his expression blanked.
"Correct," he said.
"MacMillan!
What is the difference between an elixir and a liqueur?"
"Er," said a sandy-haired Hufflepuff boy two desks down from Harry, presumably MacMillan.
"One of them has alcohol, sir?"
Harry winced a little on the boy's behalf as Professor Snape sneered darkly.
"One of them?
Which one?"
"The-the liqueur?"
MacMillan attempted most courageously.
Professor Snape smiled, not showing his teeth.
It was the same sort of schadenfreude-filled curl of the lip that Petri favoured.
"Yes, how very astute.
A liqueur contains alcohol," he said slowly.
MacMillan cringed backward, sinking in his seat until his chin was near level with his stone desk.
Professor Snape continued.
"More precisely, it is an alcohol base featuring extracts of fruits or nuts.
An elixir is also an alcohol base, in which a powdered ingredient has been dissolved, commonly cane sugar or quartz."
Harry scribbled down "elixir, sugar or quartz."
He vaguely recalled reading something about quartz in the book about duplication that Petri had showed him, but he didn't think it had been mentioned in his school text.
"Let's try again," said Professor Snape.
"MacMillan, how many times should snake fangs be folded into a potion for a salutary effect?"
MacMillan didn't know this one either.
He also didn't look like he knew what "salutary" even meant—neither did Harry, who wrote it down for later.
Mercifully, Professor Snape looked to the rest of the students and said, "Well?"
Hesitantly, Terry raised his hand.
"Boot," said Professor Snape promptly.
"Sir, an odd number of times," said Terry.
Professor Snape gave a curt nod.
"Mr Boot is correct.
Any odd number of foldings is beneficial, while an even number is deleterious.
You'd do best to remember that, as you will be working with snake fangs shortly."
He waved his wand, and chalk writing appeared on the blackboard in a slanted scrawl.
It appeared to be a recipe.
"You will be preparing a cure for boils today.
Each of you will be brewing your own potion.
The special ingredients are in the storage cabinets to my right."
Professor Snape gestured to the cabinets, before letting his arm fall limply to his side.
There was a moment of stillness, and then at once all the students seemed to surge to their feet and make a mad rush for the ingredients.
Harry saw the professor rub tiredly at his temples.
"In an orderly fashion, if you would," said Professor Snape stonily.
Miraculously, his low voice cut through the din and everyone slowed and shuffled into a haphazard queue.
Harry found himself towards the back, but this gave him the leisure to watch the first students as they began their potions.
There was some confusion over the heating element—apparently, a disc of stone at the top corners of each of their desks would make a flame when prodded with a wand, and could be adjusted to three different settings with further wand taps.
There was a plethora of other tools as well.
A round jug with a thin spout, shared between each pair of students, could produce arbitrary amounts of pure water, and in the drawers of each desk were a large assortment of stirring rods, scoops, and ladles in varying sizes.
The cauldrons, scales, and certain common ingredients, as had been detailed on the list that came with the Hogwarts acceptance letter, were to be supplied by the student.
Harry finally came to the front of the queue and, having seen a dozen others before him, was able to gather his snake fangs, horned slugs, and porcupine quills with alacrity and return to his place.
He ducked under the table to retrieve his cauldron, dumping out the books and parchments he had carried inside.
Then he placed it on the heating disc and proceeded to fill halfway with water and set it to boil.
There was a charm to boil water almost instantly, he knew, that Petri used all the time for his tea, but he couldn't yet cast it and wasn't sure if it was safe to use while making potions, anyway.
Surely there was some magical reason behind the need to heat, measure, and stir manually, rather than with "foolish wand-waving."
Harry proceeded to rummage about in the drawer to produce a stirring rod, a small stone spoon, and a mortar and pestle.
Spying Hannah approaching, he charitably withdrew a second set of implements and set them on her side of the table.
"Thanks," she said, smiling at him wanly with her face half-hidden behind a curtain of hair.
"No problem," said Harry.
He squinted at the instructions on the board to make sure he had got everything right, his spectacles helpfully magnifying everything he concentrated on, and then set to work.
It really was not particularly complicated, which was reassuring, given that it was their first-ever potion.
The base was pure water, boiling, and the first ingredient was crushed snake fangs.
Four measures were required, but they were added all at once.
Harry supposed adding them separately would count as an even folding, and result in some bad effect.
The mortar and pestle took some getting used to.
Harry took his time crushing the fangs to a fine powder.
He glanced at Hannah and saw that she was preparing to scoop hers into her cauldron.
"You have to add it all at once," he whispered urgently.
Hannah glanced over to him in bewilderment.
"The snake fangs," he said.
"All four measures at the same time or it would be even, not odd, like the professor said."
Harry measured the powder carefully, using a stirring rod to level it off, and held it in a second bowl.
Then he dumped all of it into the cauldron and waited for it to settle, as he noticed no instruction for stirring.
He turned the fire up to the maximum setting and counted ten seconds with his wand, waiting for the water to turn clear and reddish.
Then he lowered the heat again and waved his wand at the cauldron, feeling rather foolish as nothing appeared to happen.
Somewhat frantically, he picked up his potions text from where it lay beside his feet and flipped it to the index, and then to the instructions for the Boil Cure.
The entry was absolutely no help, and had even less detail than what Professor Snape had written on the board.
He bit his lip, considered raising his hand, and then thought better of it and looked around at the other students for inspiration.
Most were at a similar stage to him, though some were still crushing their fangs.
His eyes wandered to the left and settled on Stephen, who looked like he knew what he was doing.
He had sat back and was staring absently into space, his cauldron already at a low simmer and emitting the proper red fumes.
Harry's steam was still clear.
Suddenly inspired by the thought, he extended his arm and waved his wand in the midst of the steam cloud, just above the cauldron's surface.
It darkened instantly, and Harry grinned to himself, setting his wand down.
The next thing was to wait for at least thirty minutes, which did not seem very exciting.
After about five minutes, Professor Snape finished making a circuit of the classroom and returned to his desk.
He cleared his throat.
"Has anybody yet to reach the simmering stage?"
he asked.
Nobody spoke up, even as his tunnel-like eyes bored through the rising steam and scrutinised each and every cauldron.
There were definitely some plumes of clear, or even green smoke mingling with the red.
"Some of you may be wondering how you could have already gone wrong adding a single ingredient to water.
Rest assured that I am wondering the same thing," he murmured.
"MacMillan!"
The unfortunate MacMillan jumped guiltily amid a cloud of green.
"Tell me.
What potion are you brewing?"
asked Professor Snape.
"Er, Boil Cure, sir," said MacMillan haplessly.
Harry could feel the miasma of the professor's sneer from across the classroom.
"No, Mr MacMillan, try again.
What colour is it supposed it be?"
Professor Snape indicated the blackboard with a jerk of his head.
"Red, sir," said MacMillan.
"Mine is green," he added, before he was inevitably prompted and made a fool of.
"How many times," said Professor Snape, "should snake fangs be folded into this potion?"
To his credit, MacMillan was relatively quick on the uptake here.
"Once, sir.
An odd number."
With that, Professor Snape ceased to acknowledge him and turned back to the class at large.
"When exposed to high heat, crushed snake fangs will fuse into a syrup that serves as this potion's base.
An odd folding of snake fangs will result in a curative potion, while an even number results in the opposite—a boil inducer.
Why should the parity of the folding matter?"
Professor Snape waited, but did not address his question to any particular student.
After a few moments, Stephen raised his hand.
"Mr Cornfoot."
"Snake fangs have a cancelling effect.
When you add them twice you sort of, cancel the cancelling," said Stephen.
"That is correct," said Professor Snape.
"A point to Ravenclaw.
You will encounter a variety of ingredients that function in a similar way.
These ingredients are known as reverse amplifiers.
It is vital to understand the difference between an amplifier and a reverse amplifier, as an error could result in poison rather than cure, or any manner of explosive or transformative results."
Professor Snape spent the rest of the thirty minute wait time lecturing about just that topic.
Harry started out taking some notes, but quickly gave up in favour of simply paying attention.
He wished he had his remembrall, and resolved to bring it to all his lessons in the future.
It was apparently difficult to tell just by looking whether a given ingredient was a regular or reverse amplifier, but in the context of an existing recipe, the preparation method was a good hint.
Reverse amplifiers were almost always powdered, juiced, or crushed, and never added whole, in order to prevent a disastrous time delay between some portion of the ingredient and the rest taking effect.
Amplifiers, on the other hand, were usually expected to continue acting in the potion for the duration of the brewing process.
Professor Snape made a list of common amplifiers and reverse amplifiers, implied that they would need to have it memorised post haste, and assigned them ten inches on a reverse amplifier of their choice.
Then it was time for the second stage of the potion.
"Your potion should now resemble a light-coloured treacle.
If it appears too watery, you may add a dash of flobberworm mucus to thicken it," said Professor Snape.
Harry wasn't sure what the likes of MacMillan, who had completely botched the first part, were meant to do, as Snape did not provide any additional instruction, and he was glad that he had managed everything successfully so far.
The concoction in his cauldron had condensed into a translucent, reddish syrup.
Harry grasped the cauldron by its handle and tilted it left and right.
The potion slid reluctantly along, clinging to the sides, and seemed more or less the correct consistency.
He added four horned slugs, whole, grimacing at the slime they left behind on his hands, and prodded gently at the potion with his stirring rod until their jelly-like bodies dissolved into the goop.
"REMOVE CAULDRON FROM FIRE," said the next line, in blocky capital letters, noticeably larger text than the rest of the instructions.
Harry duly removed his cauldron from the fire, and waited a minute for it to cool, for good measure, before he added two porcupine quills.
They remained floating at the top, suspended, and did not appear to have any effect.
Harry took a stirring rod and prodded them doubtfully, sinking them slightly deeper.
Glancing up at the instructions, he traded out the stirring stick for his wand.
The potion turned opaque and lightened to pink, but he could still see part of a porcupine quill sticking out.
He glanced over to Stephen, who was predictably finished and had scooped his potion into a glass jar.
Harry copied him, leaving out the whole quills.
There was still enough in the cauldron to fill at least another jar, so he did so, figuring that a boil curing paste could come in handy.
Five minutes later, Professor Snape told everyone to bottle what they had and place it on his desk, labelled with their names.
Harry set his down in the middle of the collection, and paused to eye the rest.
Most were similarly creamy and opaque, but in various shades of pink.
There were a couple dark sludges, and some distinctly soupy specimens.
Harry decided that he had probably done all right.
"It's officially the weekend!"
Terry declared cheerily as they poured out of the Potions classroom.
"Yeah, and Snape wasn't even that bad," said Harry.
He had been a bit intimidating, but certainly not to the level of Robert's tall tales.
Terry groaned.
"Says you.
My potion turned into a rock and he called me a nitwit," he complained.
"How'd that happen?"
asked Lisa.
Terry just groaned again.
"Academic curiosity, come on," Lisa cajoled.
"Too much flobberworm mucus," Terry finally admitted.
"Really?"
Academic curiosity or not, Lisa laughed at him and he scowled deeply.
"Whatever.
What are you guys planning to do?"
he asked.
"Homework," said Stephen.
"You know, like the homework Professor Snape's just assigned."
Before Terry could get properly outraged, Harry held up his cauldron full of books, ingredients, and extra boil-cure and said, "I'm going back to the common room to drop off my stuff."
"Good idea," said Lisa, charging ahead to lead the way.
When they arrived at the dormitories, Harry shoved his cauldron underneath his bed and reached behind the hangings to slide the philosopher's stone book after it.
The book was just beyond him, at least for now.
Maybe there were books in the library that could explain sympathetic magic in a less cryptic way.
There would certainly be books on vampires, at least.
"I'm heading to the library," said Stephen to the room at large, true to his word.
"Wait for me," said Harry.
He reached into his pockets to make sure that his note parchment and quills were still there before hurrying to the door, which Stephen was propping open with his foot.
"I don't think anybody else is coming," Stephen said.
Harry glanced behind him and came to the same conclusion.
Terry and Anthony had set up for wizard's chess again, while Oliver was sitting on his bed, already engrossed in a book.
"Right, let's go then," Harry agreed.
They walked in silence for some time, stepping carefully down the cramped tower staircase, before Harry's curiosity got the better him.
"So have you brewed a potion before?
I mean, before today.
You seemed to, er, know what you were doing," he asked.
Stephen nodded up ahead.
"Yes, loads of times.
My mother does potions research and she lets me help sometimes, you know.
There's this book she has, about ingredients.
Not like our Herbology text—it's organised by type, like amplifiers and disrupters, and balancers and whatnot.
That's what I'm going to the library for.
I mean I'm sure they have it.
I'll show you."
"Sounds brilliant," said Harry.
"I don't really know much about potions.
Just what we've done so far.
Professor Snape seems to know his stuff."
"Professor Snape's a genius.
He's the youngest MESP member ever, you know.
That's the official potioneers' guild.
We're really lucky to get to learn from him.
Did you know he doesn't take apprentices, and a lot of people are annoyed at that, but I mean he teaches all us Hogwarts students so that's even better, I think."
Harry hadn't known all of that, but he just nodded, and then remembered that Stephen couldn't see him and hurried to catch up as they finally emerged into the common room proper.
"I suppose," said Harry.
"I wish he'd explained a bit more before we started the potion.
There's still some things I'm not sure about.
Everyone's potions, I mean, everyone who got all the instructions right, were still different shades of pink.
Does that matter?"
"Yes," said Stephen.
"The lighter the colour, the stronger the boil cure is, but it also doesn't last as long.
I mean it goes bad faster, so you have to balance it.
The trick is with the porcupine quills.
It's best to break them up and sort of distribute them a bit, before accelerating the potion.
Not exactly sure why, but I think it's got to do with how long their effect lasts."
"Accelerating?"
Harry asked.
"Like when you wave your wand at the end?"
"Yes, that's to make the non-magical ingredients combine.
I mean in theory if you waited, like, forever, I suppose things would combine on their own, but I bet all the magic in the potion would be gone by then anyway.
So you need to add more magic to speed it up," Stephen explained.
"Really?
Does it say that in the textbook?
I don't remember reading that anywhere," said Harry.
"It's true," said Stephen, a little defensively.
"Yeah, but why doesn't the book just say so?"
was what Harry wanted to know.
"My sister says the texts for the first few years just talk about what you need to do, and not really how it works.
Otherwise they'd be like, huge tomes.
I mean, not everybody's a Ravenclaw and wants to spend all eternity reading, you know?"
said Stephen.
"That's what the library is for."
"I suppose," said Harry.
"Wait, I thought the library was upstairs?"
They had been moving steadily downward for far longer than seemed right, and Harry had been too focused on the conversation to pay much attention to where Stephen had been leading them.
"It's better to go in the entrance down there," Stephen said, pointing down to the left, past a gap in their landing that was waiting for a moving stair to come by.
Harry thought he recognised the Transfiguration corridor just below that, so they must have been on the second floor.
"That way Madam Pince doesn't stare you down as soon as you walk in."
Madam Pince, Harry supposed, was the unpleasant-looking librarian.
"I might need to talk to her," Harry admitted.
"I'm looking for some books and I have no idea where they'd be."
"She's totally unhelpful," said Stephen.
"She'll probably just yell at you.
What books are you looking for?"
"Er, something on sympathetic magic," said Harry.
"Like magic with emotions?"
asked Stephen.
"Love potions?"
"Er, no, not like that," said Harry hurriedly.
"It's just called sympathetic magic.
I don't really know what it is; I just heard it somewhere.
So that's why I'm looking for a book on it."
Stephen shrugged.
"Never heard of it.
Maybe you can just look around the shelves.
I still wouldn't try your luck with Pince."
"She can't be that bad," said Harry, but Stephen only gave him a measured look, so he said, "Is there some kind of card catalogue?"
"Card what?"
asked Stephen.
"Like something that says where each book is," Harry said.
"Oh, a book of books," said Stephen.
"I don't know.
If there is, Madam Pince probably has it."
Harry sighed.
The correct moving staircase finally deigned to grind to a shuddering stop before their position, and they hurried down it, over a trick stair that Stephen helpfully pointed out ("My sister's got this list of all the trick stairs in Hogwarts.
She wrote a poem to help remember.
I'll show you.
"), and turned the corner to find themselves in front of a small stone archway with a portcullis-like metal grille raised above it.
There was no sign, but it was pretty obvious by the view beyond that they had indeed reached the library.
Stephen made a beeline for the Potions section, and Harry hesitantly ascended the right staircase to the second level, where Madam Pince's desk was located.
"Excuse me," he said, approaching the counter.
Madam Pince adjusted her ridiculous hat, which looked like a half-plucked bird carcass, and peered at him suspiciously from beneath its dark green brim.
"Yes, what are you looking for, boy?"
she asked.
"Er, a book," Harry said, most redundantly, "something on, er, sympathetic magic."
"And you have a note from a teacher?"
she pressed.
Harry, who had no such thing, said, "Oh, er, I didn't know you needed a note."
"Students aren't to get anything out of the Restricted Section without a note," said Madam Pince accusingly, her eyes narrowing to slits.
"Restricted Section?"
Harry repeated.
"I didn't..." he wisely stopped before he could talk himself into further trouble.
Hadn't Professor Quirrell mentioned that the book from Nic was on dark magic?
He should have known.
"That's right you didn't.
Well, what are you still doing here?"
Madam Pince demanded after a few seconds of silence.
"I, er, do you have books on vampires?"
Harry tried instead, hoping that this wasn't something else restricted, though he couldn't imagine why it would be.
"Defence Against the Dark Arts and Magical Creatures sections," said Madam Pince.
Harry could have guessed this for himself.
"Where exactly..." "There and there."
Madam Pince indicated the direction with a sharp jab of her wand, and Harry flinched back on reflex.
"Thanks," he said, declining to ask for further detail.
He saw exactly now what Stephen had meant by, "unhelpful."
Madam Pince had pointed in the general direction of the opposite side of the library on the same floor, and at the first floor.
Harry elected to return downstairs and perhaps find Stephen again.
His housemate was nowhere in sight when he reached the bottom, but the shelves on magical creatures were indeed directly across the room.
Unfortunately, the section spanned at least a dozen shelves, and Harry couldn't begin to guess which author he might be looking for.
As it turned out, however, the books were clearly not organised by author, but continued to be grouped by subject, so Harry supposed he could browse along the spines until he saw the word "vampire" somewhere.
He went through four rows of shelves and was considering doubling back in case he had missed something, when he finally found what he was looking for—titles like Notable Vampires of the Sixteenth Century, Visiting with Vampires, and Vampire Vision were suddenly popping up everywhere he could see.
He tugged the sizable volume that was Vampire Vision, from its place, and skimmed the contents.
It looked like it explained everything there was to know about vampiric, vision-based magic, which was far more detail than he had time for.
Reluctantly, he put it back and searched for a thinner book.
A bright red volume caught his eye.
Along the spine in narrow, stamped letters read, Blood Brothers: My Life Amongst the Vampires.
It seemed more along the lines of what he was looking for anyway—a broad treatise on how vampires thought and behaved rather than simply their physical properties.
He took the book and flipped to the preface.
"I choose the title of this book very deliberately.
It is about my life amongst the vampires, and make no mistake.
I was perfectly alive and well while I stayed with them, and remain so after my return.
Common perception of vampires as lawless or monstrous are severely misguided, and I found myself compelled to pen this account in response to these attitudes.
I hope it will serve as a counterexample, and correct many prevalent misconceptions about these marvelous beings."
Harry scanned the text, finding it a little dubious.
"Marvelous" really wasn't an adjective that he would readily connect to the likes of Silviu.
Still, he tucked the book under his arm and left the shelves to look for somewhere to sit.
He emerged in the centre of the library, directly beneath the column of chandeliers, and spotted Stephen sitting at a round wooden table that looked like a thin slice straight out of a gigantic tree.
"There you are," the other boy whispered as he came near.
"Did you find what you were looking for?"
Stephen had staked clear claim of the table, having spread several rolls of parchment, his inkwell and blotter, and a pile of books all around.
Harry took a seat across from him, rolling the end of some parchment away to free some space.
Despite its grainy appearance, the surface of the table was perfectly smooth under his hand.
"Sort of," he whispered back.
"You were right.
Madam Pince wasn't much help."
"Told you.
Here, have a look at this," said Stephen, pushing the bottom book of his stack towards Harry, heedless of the books that cascaded down his arm with a dull thud.
Harry spun the offered book around with his fingers.
Ingrid's Ingredient Index, it was called.
Stephen reached over and opened the book for him, navigating it with much familiarity despite that it was upside-down.
"Brilliant," said Harry, when he stopped at the heading, "Reverse Amplifiers (Self-Cancellers, Multiplicative Reducers)," beneath which was simply a list of ingredients and page numbers.
"Right?
And then you can go to the entry when you find the one you want, and it even references other books about it, and the potions that it's used in," Stephen explained.
"Which one are you writing about?"
Harry asked.
"Sopophorous bean," said Stephen.
"Its juice affects memory and consciousness and the like so it's in all sorts of potions."
"Nice," said Harry, as he glanced down the list.
The "Poisons/Antidotes" section caught his eye, and he picked graphorn horn on a whim and made a note to look it up.
He wasn't Stephen, however, and wasn't about to complete his homework a whole week before it was due.
Flipping past the preface of his vampire book, Harry discovered that it was a sort of memoir, rather than a monograph, and not the sort of book that could be read out of order.
On the other hand it was not very long, a mere hundred fifty pages, and written in vivacious prose, so it seemed, so Harry set himself to it.
Eldred Worple, the author of the book, had apparently first made his way into an Italian vampire company as dinner.
Despite this less than illustrious beginning, his quick wit and his transfiguration skill allowed him to talk his way into their good graces, after vanishing all the vampires' teeth (he restored them later).
Harry thought this was a pretty creative defence, except that it was unfortunately easily countered by any vampire with a wand.
Curiously, Worple mentioned being bitten multiple times, and explained that with blood-replenishing potion on hand, it was perfectly safe.
It was a misconception that the vampire bite could cause a transformation on a living person.
At most, repeated exposure and the imbibing of the vampire's blood could create a sort of mental link, and induce irritability in the face of garlic and sunlight.
Harry frowned.
That couldn't be right.
The school healer and Professor Quirrell had implied that there were stages of the curse, and that it could become more severe.
On the other hand, this was a published book.
"Hey Stephen," Harry whispered.
Stephen ignored him for a few moments in favour of rolling his blotting paper all over his essay.
Then he finally looked up.
"What?"
"Do you know anything about vampires?"
That was perhaps too general.
"Like how people become vampires?"
"If they get bitten," said Stephen.
"I think it's kind of like with werewolves too."
Harry didn't know much about werewolves, except that being bitten by one was very bad, so that was hardly any help.
"Why?"
Stephen wanted to know.
"Er, this book is saying that being bitten by a vampire won't transform you and that it's totally safe," Harry said.
Stephen shook his head.
"Really?"
he said.
"That doesn't sound right to me.
Everyone knows vampire bites are infectious.
Why are you reading that anyway?
Blood Brothers?
Is it fiction?"
"I'm pretty sure it's not fiction," said Harry.
"Then why are you reading it?
It's not like Professor Quirrell is going to give you extra points for it."
In a way, Harry thought, this sort of was extra reading for Professor Quirrell.
But he only said, "It's just for fun."
In the end, Harry decided not to check the book out, and followed Stephen down to dinner, empty-handed.
Afterwards they were roped into several rounds of exploding snap, which led to a singed Oliver extolling the virtues of muggle games that did not explode, and introducing all the first years to a board game called "Monopoly."
Terry spent most of the rest of the evening alternating between marvelling that the pieces did not move on their own and exclaiming over the flimsy paper money.
Harry forgot all about the workings of the vampire curse until the next morning, when an owl swooped low overhead and dropped a paper-wrapped parcel into his porridge, which splattered all over his robes.
He looked all around in vain for a serviette or something to wipe himself with, finally remembered that he was a wizard, and tried to cast the scouring charm on himself—tried being the operative word, as he only barely managed to remove the worst of the grains and still left a dark stain, along with a copious amount of magical soap residue.
It was a textbook case of when the siphoning charm was more appropriate for cleaning than the scouring charm, but unfortunately Harry was even less passable at the former than the latter.
Giving up, he turned to the offending package instead, and fished it gingerly out of the bowl.
It was a little sodden, but as he extracted it it magically dried and straightened itself out.
By this, Harry knew immediately that it was from Petri.
This was the sort of packaging he would use to send owl orders for his shop.
He tugged at the end of the white bow and watched the parcel unwrap itself.
The thick brown paper danced to the side, rolled itself up, and fell onto the ribbon, which twisted into a neat knot around the scroll before going limp.
The wooden box within clattered to a stop on the table and a parchment note slid off it.
Harry picked the letter up first: Dear Harry, Enclosed is an amulet which has been enchanted to 'do nothing,' as you put it.
Certainly, you already should know the theory behind this enchantment, if you only think a little.
What spell is required for every enchantment?
What else should you add, if you want nothing, null?
In practice it is harder to cast, because you need also null intent.
We may discuss it later when you return.
The Evil Eye is not a very common charm in modern day.
I am very surprised that it is still taught.
For charm analysis, the Structure Sight spell (Comp.
p. 2658) is much simpler, and less disruptive.
For charm replacement, the Holdfast variant of the cancellation charm (Comp.
p. 542) is almost always the preferred method.
The only cases where Evil Eye may be better is for a moving object, .
., replacement of an active flight charm, or unwilling living creature.
There is no enchantment that protects against vampires, specifically.
If there were, many problems could be solved.
Your professor must be using a more ordinary defence; perhaps garlic or rose, although I do not recall headaches as a possible result of exposure to either of these.
Your symptoms should not be progressing, as you are now far from our friend.
If anything, I expect them to improve and disappear by the end of this year.
Harry paused and reread the previous line.
His symptoms were supposed to be going away?
Petri was no expert on vampires, so perhaps he was mistaken.
If he were here, he could do his own examination.
But what about the suggestion that the Evil Eye wasn't a great spell, with references included?
Harry did not doubt that Petri knew what he was about on the charms front.
Perhaps it was Professor Quirrell who had made a mistake.
Harry had to admit that the man did not seem overly competent in lessons.
Hadn't he used to be the Muggle Studies professor?
Harry remembered Penelope mentioning something like that.
Or maybe, Harry thought with sudden coldness, Professor Quirrell had placed some other kind of curse on him, under the flimsy guise of examining him.
That was what the Evil Eye was really for, wasn't it, according to the Compendium?
Petri, who apparently was under the misconception that first years were being taught advanced, obscure charms in class, had even listed unwilling creatures as a use case.
No doubt that was the legally acceptable euphemism for cursing people.
Hastily, Harry set down the letter and slid the wooden cover off his box.
Inside was a flat, dark blue glass pendant in the abstract shape of a soaring bird.
Harry snatched it up and tugged the chain over his head.
He paused, concentrating, but he felt no different.
Of course he felt nothing—the amulet was only supposed to stop the Evil Eye from working in the first place.
It didn't end curses.
"Ooh, who's that from?"
Lisa asked, and Harry finally recalled his surroundings.
All his nearby housemates were looking at him, some more surreptitiously than others, but they were still clearly curious about his mail.
"Er, my uncle," said Harry.
"Sorting present, eh?"
said Anthony.
"Nice."
Harry supposed it could be construed as a Ravenclaw eagle, if one squinted.
He wondered if Petri had done it on purpose, or if it was a coincidence.
"It's kind of girly," said Terry.
"It is not!"
Lisa said loudly, rounding on him.
Terry shrank back slightly.
"It's actually a rather masculine piece.
Don't you know anything about jewellery?
Look at the chain..." Harry suspected Terry, like him, did not in fact know anything about jewellery.
Privately, he also thought it seemed a little girly to wear a necklace, but it was that or remain vulnerable to the Evil Eye.
After all, maybe he had been cursed with something that needed to be applied repeatedly.
Weren't there a lot of curses that were like that?
While Lisa tried to educate everybody about fashion, predictably getting into an argument with Sue and Mandy two seconds later, Harry tucked the pendant under his shirt and returned to his letter: I hope you have been keeping up with your exercises.
As you are attending school, I have less time to teach you in person, but that means you must practise all the more diligently.
I expect you to be ready to proceed to the next step of study by summer next year, so you will first need to master your animation charms.
Of course, do not neglect your school subjects either.
Take care.
Yours, JP Harry wasn't sure what to think.
By "next step," did Petri mean spirit conjuration?
Thoughts of dementors and disembodiment flashed unbidden through his mind.
Or was it going to be some other kind of necromantic enchantment?
And where was he supposed to get convenient dead animals to animate?
He must have looked consternated, because Anthony leaned over and said, "What?
What's it say?"
Harry tugged the letter back and folded it up for good measure.
"He's just telling me to study a lot," he said, which was true.
"That's criminal," said Terry.
"How are you even in Ravenclaw?"
Anthony muttered, though he hardly sounded surprised.
"I like learning," said Terry.
"Doesn't mean I like studying.
Come on.
Nobody likes studying."
Fortunately for Terry, Lisa was still embroiled in debate with Sue, and could do no more than glare at him from across the table.
He seemed to recognise that he had only narrowly escaped danger, and stood up the next moment.
"I'm off exploring," he said, glancing up at the cloudless ceiling of the Great Hall.
"It's a nice day.
Want to come?"
Anthony joined him, but Harry declined, not yet through with his breakfast.
The porridge was possibly ruined, so he grabbed a bit of toast and marmalade instead.
After breakfast, he returned to the common room with some of the other first years, unsure what he was going to do with the rest of his day.
An off day, spent by himself rather than supervised, was something of a novelty to him.
On the other hand, he still had unfinished homework, namely Professor Snape's essay and some reading for Defence Against the Dark Arts.
As they gained entry to the common room after some bickering with the knocker about what constituted the property of "roundness," Sue stopped by the bulletin board and waved everyone over to join her.
"Look, all the clubs are recruiting," she said.
"Ooh, there's a Gobstones club!"
Harry wrinkled his nose.
"What's that?"
Oliver asked.
"It's like marbles, but they squirt disgusting stuff in your face," Harry explained.
"Don't listen to him," said Sue.
"It's a high-stakes game of skill and strategy.
You'd love it."
"Hey look, chess club," said Stephen.
"I expect Terry and Anthony will want to join that."
"What about you?"
Harry asked.
Stephen shrugged.
"Chess is all right, but I don't want to do tournaments or anything," he said.
"Yeah," Harry agreed.
His own experience with chess amounted to vaguely knowing what the pieces were called and how they moved.
His eyes wandered sceptically over the other eye-wateringly colourful, animated club fliers that papered the board.
There was choir, broom racing, astronomy, runes, magizoology, and to his surprise, charms: CHARMS CLUB Ever wondered at a practical use for a dancing pineapple?
Wished you could make your books read themselves out loud, or have your poetry come alive?
Join us in CHARMS CLUB on Saturdays at 7PM, North Rotunda (near the Astronomy Tower).
We discuss a new charm each week.
All experience levels welcome.
Below the text was a graphic of a tap-dancing pineapple wearing sunglasses.
As he watched, the pineapple developed stubby stick arms and began executing some rather risque moves.
Harry figured he knew now what he would be doing this evening.
It would be remiss not to visit this club at least once.
For the moment, he decided to take Petri's reminder to heart and dig out the exercise book from his trunk.
The first thing on there, he was reminded, was permanent animation, of the dancing pineapple sort.
After that was the sequel to both this exercise and levitation, which was something that moved while levitating, and so simulated flight.
Harry sighed and made a mental note to save an apple or pear at lunch, and use it to start practising animation afterwards.
To make sure he didn't forget, he rummaged around in his trunk until he produced his remembrall.
The swirling smoke inside promptly turned an unpleasant maroon that indicated he should get his priorities straight.
He gave it an impatient shake to clear it.
He knew that he was putting off thinking about Professor Quirrell's possible curse—there wasn't anything he could realistically do about it for the moment.
The best person to consult would have been the Defence professor, after all, but alas that happened to be Quirrell himself.
The smoke swirled and then settled into a reddish-orange cloud.
Harry scowled.
He was about to forget things if he didn't review them, but he'd learned so many things under the influence of this remembrall that the reminder feature was basically useless.
He didn't have the time or the energy to run through all the properties of blood from every species of creature.
Pixie blood crystallized and turned to dust when exposed to silver.
Dragon was especially finicky and there were a dozen uses… He shoved the remembrall into his pocket, and his thoughts calmed somewhat.
Did he really still need to know how to prepare every sort of inferius?
Though they lived in a graveyard, Petri had not touched a human corpse (that Harry knew of) since they moved to England.
It almost seemed like he was trying to be sort of law-abiding.
Considering they weren't allowed to live in a graveyard in the first place he was still doing a piss-poor job of it, but it was a relative improvement.
Regretting that he had checked out neither the vampire book nor something relevant to his Potions essay, Harry reached under his bed and extracted the only non-textbook he owned—namely Secrets of the Hieroglyphical Figures.
Idly, he took a quill and traced over the inscription in the flyleaf.
As he had suspected, this caused the book to transform back into its original letter form.
"Neat," he murmured to himself, and put the letter back under the bed, into his cauldron.
Then he returned downstairs to see if anybody was doing anything fun.
He needed a hobby.
The common room was mostly empty, with only some upper years occupying this or that corner.
Harry couldn't spot any of his year-mates anywhere.
Perhaps Terry and Anthony had had the right idea to go exploring, after all.
Once outside, Harry arbitrarily decided to go upstairs.
As soon as he stepped onto the staircase, however, it trembled and then gave a great grinding lurch, throwing him to the side as it swiveled about.
Harry clung to the handrail for dear life.
The stair had done a sort of steepening move, and now connected two floors up from where Harry had started.
As he made it to the landing, he saw with some wonder that the rafters were actually visible, so he must be on the top floor.
He tried to find some kind of window to look out, wondering how high up he was, but there was none.
The landing was thickly carpeted in burgundy and lit by wall-mounted torches.
Between each pair hung a portrait or tapestry.
They seemed primarily to feature landscapes, and Harry couldn't spot any sign of movement.
There were two open archways on either side of the room, both leading into darkness.
Harry cautiously peered into one, jumping back as torches suddenly flared to life down its length.
They only illuminated more carpeted stone, so Harry ventured forwards.
As he turned the corner he nearly collided with the hulking form of Vince Crabbe.
Draco Malfoy and Goyle were close behind.
"Oh, sorry, hey," Harry mumbled as he stepped back.
"Alright Harry," said Vince with a lopsided smile.
"Hello, er, Harry," said Draco.
"What are you doing up here?"
"Just exploring," Harry said, and was about to return the question when Draco started talking again.
"They say the Gryffindor common room is somewhere around here," he murmured conspiratorially.
"It's supposed to be guarded by a portrait."
Harry cast his gaze down the long hall, which was completely lined with a variety of paintings—landscapes as before, but also, indeed, portraits.
"That's helpful," he said dubiously.
"What does the portrait do?
Dare you to do something stupid?"
The other boys chuckled, though Harry had meant it seriously.
"Probably needs a password," Draco said.
"How are you going to find that out?"
Harry asked.
A password?
That seemed much more secure than the Ravenclaw knocker.
Then again, the knocker was very particular about the sort of answers it would accept, and he doubted a non-Ravenclaw, unfamiliar with its workings, would be able to get past it easily.
Even older students often had trouble.
Draco shrugged elegantly.
"Subterfuge skills," he said.
"If we find the portrait," said Vince, "we'll just wait for some Gryffindor to walk up and say it."
This idea was not half bad, except for one glaring problem.
"And hide where?"
Harry pointed out.
The corridor was bereft of furniture, statues, or even the clunky suits of armour that seemed to populate most of the castle.
"And why are you trying to get into the Gryffindor common room anyway?"
"We're not," said Draco.
"You just assumed."
"Oh, sorry," said Harry, as he tried to think back on the conversation.
He found himself drawing a blank.
The remembrall trembled in his pocket, tickling his leg, and he patted it with more force than perhaps was necessary.
"What?"
Draco asked, following his hand.
Harry sighed and extracted the remembrall, which had thankfully cleared to white.
"It's a remembrall," he explained.
"It helps you remember things, sort of.
Really it tells you when you've forgotten something.
Though it doesn't actually tell you what you forgot."
"I've heard of them, but I've never seen one before," said Draco.
"I thought only old people used them."
Harry frowned.
"No, it's pretty useful for revising," he said, though he wasn't sure reciting necromancy procedures to oneself really counted as revising, exactly.
Draco looked sceptical.
"Where can you get one?"
Vince asked.
"A shop?"
Harry said rather unhelpfully.
"I dunno.
My uncle makes these."
Unbidden, the image of Uncle Vernon crafting remembralls with his meaty muggle hands popped up in his mind, and he had to suppress a snort.
Moments later, a scowling Petri appeared with the killing curse on his lips and Uncle Vernon keeled over like a sack of potatoes.
Harry blinked rapidly to clear the strange fantasy from his mind—he still wasn't fully used to thinking of Petri as "Uncle Jochen."
"Are you a pureblood then?"
Draco asked, in a totally irrelevant way.
Harry blinked again.
"By the way, what's your surname again?"
"Half-blood," Harry said, after a beat, wondering if the Malfoys were the sort of purebloods who looked down on everybody else of lesser blood.
Probably.
He was half-tempted to tell Draco that he didn't have a surname at all.
See what the rather pompous boy made of that.
Instead, he simply said, "My name's Potter," and watched with some schadenfreude as Draco failed to understand him, and had to suffer in ignorance on account of etiquette.
"Oh," said Draco.
"Well, I suppose that's alright then.
Say, do you want to come with us, then?"
"To look for the Gryffindor common room?"
Harry asked.
But Draco shook his head.
"No, actually," and here, Draco paused to look around, as if afraid there would be somebody lurking in the shadows to overhear, "my father told me about this room where there are all sorts of things left over from previous students.
Mostly rubbish, I expect, but there could be something interesting.
It's supposed to be on this floor, near a tapestry with some trolls in it, but the entrance is hidden."
"Is there a password to this one too?"
Harry asked.
"No, you just really have to want to door to appear," Draco said.
Harry was a little sceptical of this, but saw no reason not to help search for this room.
It wasn't as if he were doing anything more than wandering aimlessly before.
"Okay," he agreed.
"Let's look around.
Or should we split up?"
"You and I can look together," said Vince.
"Split up to where?
We've just come straight from the grand stair and there haven't been forks," Draco pointed out.
That said, he forged ahead, going the way Harry had come.
When they returned to the landing at the end of the next corridor, Harry blinked in surprise.
"There was a stair there," he said, pointing to a dark archway.
"I came up this way."
"You and Vince go there, then," said Draco.
"Okay," said Harry.
As they passed beneath the arch, torches again lit up along the entire corridor, revealing much of the same décor as they had seen already.
It would be all too easy to get lost in this place, especially with all the moving about the castle seemed to favour.
"What do trolls even look like?"
Vince wondered aloud.
"I'm not sure," Harry admitted.
"Big, I suppose, and sort of like people."
All he knew about trolls was that they were large, stupid, and comparable to hags in magical resistance.
Portraits and landscapes were all instantly ruled out, but there were several tapestries featuring rather ugly or heavily stylised subjects that required some consideration before being rejected.
"What about this one?"
Vince asked.
Harry scrutinised the large, garishly golden work.
It depicted some humanoid figures with square faces and bulbous noses fighting some kind of winged, multi-headed beast.
The figures moved in organised ranks and sported long spears and tall, rectangular shields.
As they watched, one of the creature's heads spat out a flaming green glob and the flank of the formation went down in a sickly cloud of smoke.
Pandemonium reigned.
A nearby plaque read, unhelpfully, "Golden Hydra."
"I think those are humans," Harry determined at length.
"Just weird-looking."
Fortunately, they had yet to encounter any woven art that paid them any attention or talked, so Harry felt no compunctions in making rude comments.
In the end, they ran into Draco and Goyle again as they emerged from the other end of the corridor.
The two had stopped in front of a very odd tapestry featuring a wizard unsuccessfully herding a horde of giant, hairy people in pink tutus.
"I think this is the one," said Draco as they approached.
Harry spotted a plaque beside the work.
"Barnabas the Barmy," it read.
Harry wondered whether that was the name of the artist or subject.
"Probably," Harry agreed.
It was a distinctly ridiculous piece, and eye-catching.
They stood in front of the tapestry and thought very hard about wanting to find some old rubbish.
It didn't work.
"Is it lunchtime yet?"
Vince asked, after a minute.
"Quiet, I'm focusing," said Draco, his pointed face all scrunched up in concentration.
Harry wondered if maybe Draco's father had just been having him on.
But no, it didn't seem like the sort of thing an uptight Lucius Malfoy would do.
Harry idly flicked his wand to check the time.
It was, in fact, lunchtime.
Vince saw him and copied him.
"Draco, I'm hungry.
Let's come back later," Vince whinged.
"You go then," said Draco, waving his hand dismissively.
Vince looked a little torn.
Goyle, on the other hand, had already turned to leave.
"Okay, bye," he mumbled, and started down the hall.
Since Draco was still staring intently at the trolls, who had produced clubs and begun beating up the wizard, Harry nodded to Vince and hurried after Goyle.
"Aren't the stairs over there?"
he asked, after a beat, glancing back the way they'd come.
Goyle shrugged and kept walking.
They made a circuit around nearly the entire floor before reaching the grand stair.
Harry sighed and decided not to comment.
"Vince," he said instead, "are you going to join any clubs?"
"Clubs?"
Vince asked, looking perplexed.
Harry remembered belatedly that Vince was illiterate.
He wondered what the boy was doing about his essays.
"You know, where people get together to do things.
Like chess, or charms.
I'm thinking of going to the charms club," Harry said.
"They do magic there?"
Vince asked.
"I think so," said Harry.
"Do you want to come?
The first meeting is supposed to be later today, after dinner."
"Okay," said Vince.
"We can go together," said Harry.
"What about you, Goyle?"
Goyle shrugged.
"Maybe," he said.
They lapsed into silence.
Wizards, Harry thought, could really benefit from more widespread use of lifts.
Seven flights and some cramped legs later, they finally arrived at the Great Hall, which was already merry with the roar of conversation and clinking of silverware.
A heavy, savoury smell wafted out the open double doors.
Vince livened up instantly and he and Goyle hurried inside, where they split off towards the Slytherin table.
Harry spotted a bowl of pears and filched a couple for later, dropping them into his expanded robe pockets, where they disappeared without the slightest bulge.
Then he set into an excellent chicken pie.
He was nearly done by the time any other first years appeared in the hall.
Stephen went to sit somewhere on the other side of the table, perhaps with his sister, while Oliver, Michael, and Lisa joined Harry at the end.
"Did you see?"
Oliver said as he scooted onto the bench.
"First flying lessons next Wednesday."
Harry nodded, vaguely remembering something like that from his timetable.
"Flying!"
Oliver repeated.
"Isn't that wicked?
On brooms, even."
"I don't see why we need lessons," said Lisa.
"It's easy.
You sit on the broom and point it where you want to go."
Michael frowned like he disagreed vehemently, but he did not say anything.
Perhaps he was chary of getting into an argument with Lisa.
"I've never even seen a real-life flying broom before," Oliver pointed out.
"Well, yes," said Lisa, a little chagrined.
"I meant, maybe the lessons should be optional."
"By that logic," Harry could not resist saying, "all the lessons should be optional in case we already know what they're teaching."
Heavens knew he could stand to skip Charms, at least for the moment, and he was sure they could just cut History of Magic out of the curriculum entirely if it weren't mandatory.
For once, Lisa had nothing to the contrary to say.
Harry left soon after that to find some empty room to practise his animation enchantment.
Like the levitation enchantment, it was simply a combination of the animation and nullity charms.
Unlike the levitation enchantment, the intent was much more finicky.
Harry cast the regular animation charm a few times to decide on the sort of movement he wanted his pear to execute before focusing on only that movement.
Some hours into his practice, during which he had made what felt like no progress whatsoever, Vince's bulky form appeared in the doorway.
Given that Harry had come to the same room they'd used to practice the match to needle transfiguration, he supposed it wasn't too surprising that Vince had had the same idea.
"Oh," said Vince upon seeing him already inside, and turned as if to leave.
"Come in," said Harry.
"Were you going to practise something?"
He looked Vince up and down and spotted, to his surprise, a thin paperback clasped in his hands.
"Er, no, nothing," said Vince.
"Come on," said Harry more forcefully this time, waving his hand.
"I'm just working on some charms."
With some hesitation, Vince finally entered, ducking under the waterfall of burgundy lace that half-obscured the entrance.
Shooting Harry another uncertain look, he sat down gingerly on a chair and set his book on his lap.
Harry glanced at it from the corner of his eye.
From this distance it looked to be a periodical of some sort, and there was a subtly shifting illustration of a man in a droopy beret on the front.
Harry tried "Locomotor deleo" again, and the pear started dancing before immediately falling still as soon as Harry lowered his wand.
He sighed.
Vince had opened his magazine and appeared to be reading it.
Perhaps he was literate after all?
Harry felt silly for assuming otherwise—it was probably a misunderstanding.
Several more failed enchantment attempts later, Harry's curiosity had overcome any pretence of focus, and he finally said, "What are you reading?"
Vince glanced up and held the magazine to his chest, as if embarrassed.
Harry stared at him, and he finally mumbled, "Martin Miggs."
"What's that?"
said Harry.
Instead of explaining, Vince handed the magazine to him, and Harry glanced over it curiously.
"The Adventures of Martin Miggs: Mad Muggle," it said on the cover in bold red letters.
The image of what was presumably Martin Miggs on the front could have been mistaken for a muggle drawing, if it weren't for the fact that he blinked every once in awhile, and his clothing rustled with the rise and fall of his chest.
He flipped through the pages and saw more of the same sort of thing.
It was a comic magazine, Harry supposed.
Dudley had once gone through a phase of obsessing over the things.
"Neat," said Harry, handing it back.
"You really don't know about it?"
Vince asked.
Harry shook his head.
"It's about this muggle, Miggs.
He does all sorts of jobs for people.
And thing is, he doesn't even have magic!"
"Well, yes, muggles tend not to," Harry said, a little confused.
"But they don't realise it, see," said Vince.
"They think he's a normal guy.
Like in this one, he gets switched out with the Quidditch referee at the World Cup and has to make all the right calls without blowing his cover and getting obliviated."
"So he's like a spy?"
Harry asked.
Vince nodded.
"An agent of the Muggle Ministry!
I can't believe you haven't heard of him," Vince said.
"Even Draco-" He suddenly broke off, his face falling rapidly into uncertainty, and then near panic.
"What?"
Harry prompted.
"Nothing," said Vince very unconvincingly.
Harry stared at him, and after a few long, awkward moments, the other boy folded.
"It's just, you don't mind that I'm reading it, right?
Some people-" He stopped again.
"Er, no," said Harry, thrown by Vince's strange concerns.
"Of course I don't mind."
Why would he?
Was Vince afraid of getting teased?
Perhaps the comic was considered childish or something.
He supposed there must be a reason why Vince had come to such an out of the way place, by himself, just to read it.
Vince seemed to take his word for it, and gave a hesitant smile.
"A lot of people love Miggs," he said, almost to himself, and then sat down to continue reading.
Harry blinked in confusion and made an effort to return to his practice.
A few minutes later, Vince pitched forward in his seat with an excited, "Ha!"
"What?"
Harry had to ask.
"Belgium cheated!"
Vince jeered.
"Look, they all thought Miggs was barmy but the Belgians are bloody cheaters.
Knew it."
Harry had no idea what Vince was talking about, but found the comic magazine forcibly thrust under his nose.
He obligingly looked.
There were several panels featuring people zooming about on broomsticks and throwing a large red ball through a hoop.
Martin Miggs, who looked very confused, was shouting "Foul!"
The audience was booing.
These were the only text bubbles on the page.
Harry flipped to the previous page in search of more context, but found little of use.
"Er, how do you know all that?"
Harry asked.
"It doesn't say it anywhere."
Vince looked at him oddly, and put a beefy finger on one of the panels.
"Look, here are the chasers, and they're flying next to each other.
Laurent is telling Piette he's pocked the quaffle to bounce.
Now he's passing it.
Piette scores.
The crowd is screaming 'Piette, Piette!'
but look, Miggs totally misses it because he's been trying to use his tacky-tone—kind of like a muggle version of floo call—but it won't work.
It never works.
Then he's calling foul and nobody believes him yet but he's right."
Harry wasn't sure he understood all the words coming out of Vince's mouth.
More importantly, there was no transcript of what the two people on brooms, apparently Laurent and Piette, were saying to each other at all.
"But how do you know what they're saying?"
Harry asked, pointing to the first panel again.
"Can't you tell?"
Vince asked, looking honestly perplexed.
"Er, no," said Harry.
"But I don't know that much about Quidditch.
I mean I don't even know what poking the, er, coffle-" "Pocking the quaffle," Vince corrected.
"It's where you mess with it so it's heavier or lighter, or the like.
But you don't need to know that.
The point is they're cheating."
"Okay," said a nonplussed Harry, pushing the comic magazine back.
But Vince did not take it.
"I'm done," he said.
"You can look at the rest.
They usually just talk about what happened at the end, like we didn't already see it.
It's boring."
Harry wasn't all that interested, but he was curious to see if Vince had been making things up or not, so he paged through the remainder of the story.
The Belgians had been cheating, sure enough, and Miggs had accidentally made the right call.
There was no mention of "pocking the quaffle" anywhere.
"You haven't read this before?"
Harry asked, looking up suddenly.
"The end?"
Vince shook his head.
But then how had he known?
"And you just know what happens?"
Harry pressed.
Vince nodded.
"Well, of course.
It already happened," Vince said.
Harry was sure that that was not how it worked.
Was there some kind of spell on the comic magazine that he had failed to activate?
"Hey, I think it's dinnertime," said Vince, interrupting his bewilderment.
Harry tried to give Vince the comic back but he refused again.
"Just keep it," he said.
"Are you sure?"
Harry asked, and Vince nodded firmly, so he rolled it up and shoved it in his pocket.
As promised, they headed to charms club together after dinner.
To Harry's great surprise, none of the other Ravenclaw first years came along.
Nobody seemed much interested.
As Lisa put it, Charms was "curricular," not "extracurricular."
Vince and Harry made their way towards the astronomy tower, where they had had lessons on constellations at midnight the previous Wednesday.
The tower was almost a straight shot from the Ravenclaw common room and so easy enough to find for Harry.
Just short of the steep spiral staircase up to the parapets, a fiery message spelled itself out repeatedly in the air: "Charms Club" it said, and an artistic tail below trailed off into an arrow to the left.
Harry wondered if this was some sort of animation enchantment, and whether that meant someone might be able to give him a few pointers.
Taking a left brought them to a smaller spiral staircase, this one carpeted in white rather than bare stone.
They soon emerged into the rotunda, an octagonal room whose wood-paneled walls were beset with what appeared to be hundreds of sparkling crystals.
The floor was silvered and gleamed with mirror-like intensity, and all the furniture in the room appeared to be made of glass.
An older girl in Gryffindor red and gold who had been reclining on a translucent bench stood to greet them, grinning at their gaping faces.
"Neat spot, innit?"
she said, sticking out a hand.
"Hope you're here for charms club.
I'm Elaine Frobisher, president."
"Harry," said Harry, shaking Elaine's hand, and Vince followed suit.
"You firsties?"
she asked.
Harry nodded, and her grin widened.
"Capital!
Fresh meat.
Just kidding.
A little.
Not really.
Hey, Vicky!
Come make friends."
Vicky, a girl closer to Harry's age who had the same lank, chestnut-brown hair and flat lips as Elaine, introduced herself with rather little pleasure as, "Vicky Frobisher, pleased to meet'cha."
The other occupants of the room were both older Hufflepuffs, but with nothing else in common: one a tall and well-built boy in prim, pressed school robes and the other a rail-thin girl wearing her tie around her neck, a T-shirt featuring a cello and some illegible words emblazoned on the front in flashing letters, and faded muggle jeans and combat boots.
Her hair was also bright pink.
"Wotcher," she greeted with a friendly wave.
"I'm Tonks and this is Gabe.
Say hi, Gabe."
"Yes, hello.
I'm Gabriel.
Nice to meet you all," said Gabe (or perhaps he preferred Gabriel) rather stiffly.
"Nice to meet you.
So that fire outside," Harry said, "did one of you do that?"
"That'd be me," said Elaine.
"Flame-drawing charm.
Learned that one, hm, a couple years ago, now.
Incantation flagrate, and you've got to trace the whole word with your wand.
Want to try?"
"Er," said Harry, feeling a little put upon the spot.
He drew his wand.
"Flagrate," he said, supposing the end of his wand should light up, and wrote "HELLO" in the air.
As he finished the last letter, the first had already begun to dissolve away, but he counted it as decent for a first try.
Elaine was clapping her hands.
"Brilliant," she said, "You'll have that one down in no time.
What about you, want to give it a go?"
she asked Vince.
A great gout of fire shot out of the end of Vince's wand when he attempted the spell, not unlike the result of a strong incendio.
Everybody jumped back.
"Whoa there," said Elaine, chuckling a little nervously.
"Maybe a little less enthusiasm."
Vince ducked his head and muttered, "Sorry."
At this point, they were interrupted by several new arrivals to the rotunda.
First was an imposing Slytherin boy who had a good foot on Vince and looked like he could effortlessly tie Harry into a knot, with arms as thick as his head and hands the size of dinner plates.
After him were more familiar faces—Cho and Marietta, from Ravenclaw, the Hufflepuff girl who had sat beside him in Potions, Hannah, and finally, Neville from the train.
"Cassius, Cho, Marietta, hey," Elaine greeted.
Vicky perked up and immediately dragged Cho and Marietta to a far corner.
The large boy, Cassius, nodded and sat down on the nearest glass bench while Elaine acquainted herself with Hannah and Neville.
"Okay, it's seven ten so I reckon it's about time we get started," said Elaine, clapping her hands and moving to stand in the centre of the rotunda, behind a half-moon glass table.
Her voice boomed across the room, obviously amplified by the sonorus charm.
Given the small size of the gathering, it seemed rather unnecessary, but Harry supposed it was for effect.
Indeed, she removed it a moment later.
"Alright.
You've all met me now I think, but anyway I'm Elaine, and I'm president of this club, which is charms club.
We're not the biggest club, I know, but we do good stuff.
Namely, charms.
Charms are pretty much anything that's not transfiguration, really, so basically, everything useful.
You may be thinking, well, stuff we learn in class is totally useless.
You're probably right.
So that's why we have this club.
For the good stuff."
"I dunno, cheering charm's pretty good stuff," said Cassius.
Elaine shrugged.
"Yeah.
Cheering charm's good.
So we learned it as firsties, didn't we?
We'll teach all you youngsters that one, too, but don't let us catch you abusing it.
Or Professor Flitwick.
Anyway, today's charm, by popular vote—sorry firsties, you'll get to vote next time—is the knitting charm!
Also sorry Tonks."
Tonks made a show of groaning loudly and sinking her face into her hands, which seemed to have lengthened impossibly to cover it.
Marietta giggled.
"The knitting charm's not just for your mum, anyway," said Elaine.
"It's not even really specifically a knitting charm, especially if you don't know how to knit.
It's a variant of locomotor-" "Everything's a variant of locomotor," said Tonks, who had recovered from her faux hysterics.
"Even locomotor's a variant of locomotor."
"'Cause locomotor's bloody useful innit?"
said Elaine.
"So like I was saying, and stop interrupting me Tonks, it's a spell that animates needles and threads.
So actually you can use it for sewing too, or stabbing and strangling people, which I'm sure is more up your alley."
She leered at Tonks.
"We'll start with the needle part so it's less complicated.
The incantation is just acu texis, and it's supposed to help if you do the wand movement like you want the needle to move.
I've tried it out a couple times myself though it's still a bit iffy.
Look."
She pulled a pair of needles out of a small leather bag that hung at her hip, and set them on the table in front of her.
Then she said the incantation and did a complicated push and pull motion, and the needles rose into the air and began clicking rather erratically together.
"If I try to add the yarn it fails catastrophically," she commented.
Then she reached into her bag again, her arm disappearing implausibly up to the shoulder, and extracted a whole handful of needles, which she scattered all over the table.
"Now you lot try it.
I brought needles for everyone."
Tonks, despite her groaning, was very good at the charm, at least when it came to directing the needle exactly where she wanted it to go.
Harry watched it stab itself repeatedly into the glass until it had scratched out an obscene graphic.
When the older students had got set up with their needles, Elaine herded Harry, Vince, and Hannah around one of the glass benches off to the side.
"So I know it's your first week at Hogwarts and you've probably only cast lumos and periculum, well, I suppose you've done flagrate now, Harry, but anyway I just want to let you know that there's a lot you can do even with charms that you haven't mastered, and let me and Tonks know if you ever need any pointers.
I mean you can ask anybody, but we're in NEWT Charms, so."
"Newt charms?"
Harry asked.
"NEWTs, you know?
Those nasty Ministry exams you have to pass in seventh year.
Before you all get started though I wanted to give you these," said Elaine, pulling out a stack of parchment from her bag.
They were membership sheets for the charms club, and Elaine explained that she had enchanted them with the protean charm, which meant that anything she wrote on the master copy would appear on their copies.
She could see as well if one of them wrote something back, and that was how she collected their suggestions and votes every week for which charm to discuss at the meeting.
Then she gave them some more detailed instructions about the knitting charm.
Since it was a variant of the animation charm, she suggested they practise that first, and showed them the wand movement and incantation.
"So is the knitting charm an animation enchantment?"
Harry wanted to know.
"Well no, not technically," said Elaine.
"You actually have to tell the needles exactly what you want them to do.
And if you move them it'll disrupt the spell."
Harry nodded.
An enchantment was different from an ordinary charm in that was no longer dependent on the caster after casting, and the effect was more or less permanent.
The permanence aspect, of course, was the hardest part.
The knitting charm turned out not to be all that difficult.
In fact, it felt basically like the animation charm to Harry, just with an alternate incantation, and he charmed his needle to lift into the air and twirl around on his first try.
If anything, it was even easier than the animation charm.
The only issue was that he did not actually know the first thing about how to knit.
"Wow!"
Hannah said upon seeing his needle.
Neville stopped waving his wand to listen.
"How did you do that?
Nothing's happening with mine."
Harry tried to think back on how he had originally learned the animation charm.
"You really have to focus on exactly what you want to happen.
It's like if you used your hand to move it."
Hannah was able to get her needle moving, if inelegantly, soon enough, and began trying the knitting charm proper, but Neville and Vince had both yet to produce any effect.
Harry observed them, a little perplexed.
As far as he could tell, both were managing the correct pronunciation and wand movement.
They looked focused enough too, and the intent behind the animation charm was not exactly complicated.
Harry wondered if it was another case like lumos had been.
Perhaps the goal of the charm was too abstract or distant.
"Hey, let's try to charm the needles to sword fight," Harry said.
"I want to try with the second needle though," Hannah said, but Vince seemed interested enough.
Harry animated his needle to prod at Vince's prone one.
"En garde!"
he called, and his needle tapped threateningly over the other one.
Vince was staring at it.
"Hey," Harry said, waving his free hand, "aren't you going to fight back?"
Vince fumbled with his wand and then started frantically swishing and twirling it.
Harry's needle abandoned its still opponent and advanced towards Vince's other arm, which lay exposed on the table, before giving it a solid prod.
"Ow!"
Harry pulled back and got ready to stab a second time.
But this time there was a little "ping!"
as Vince's needle shot up to parry.
"I did it!"
Vince yelled, and promptly dropped his wand and the needle with it.
Harry laughed.
"I dunno what I'm doing wrong," Neville said morosely.
Harry had to agree – his form was impeccable, but the spell was not working at all.
Beside him, Hannah had managed to get two needles clicking together in jerky motions, and was busy trying to feed them a bit of yarn.
At the sound of a collective shout, Harry glanced across the room to find that Tonks was levitating what looked like all of Elaine's spare needles at once.
With a grand motion of her arm, she sent them careening into the wall in a shower of metallic death.
A good portion of them stuck in the wood.
"Mental!"
Cassius cried, inspecting one of the bent needles that had clattered to the floor.
"Totally wicked, you mean," said Tonks, smirking.
"Mate, you're gonna be paying the damages," said Elaine.
Tonks scoffed and did a sweeping reparo.
Impressively, the needles extracted themselves, gathered in the air, and rolled lifelessly onto the table, while the pockmarked wall paneling sealed up and glistened as if newly varnished.
"It's a good thing she's a Hufflepuff," Vince whispered.
"What's that supposed to mean?"
Hannah demanded.
He raised his hands in a placating gesture.
"Nice, you know, friendly," he said hurriedly.
"Wouldn't stab people for no reason."
Hannah shrugged.
"I suppose," she said, and started fiddling with her needles and yarn again.
After a minute or so she threw her wand aside in frustration and simply grabbed a needle and the yarn in her hands.
She tied a loop and, with some mesmerising, rapid twisting of her fingers, populated the length of the needle with more yarn loops.
Then she took her wand, did the charm again, and slowly but surely, the needles began to knit.
"Wow," said Harry.
"How does that work?"
Even examining Hannah's knitting from all angles, he couldn't quite seem to figure out what the needles were doing so that the loops of yarn formed into a fabric rather than simply slipping away.
"How's what work?
Knitting?"
Hannah asked.
Harry nodded.
"Well it's kind of complicated to cast on.
That's what it's called when you're starting.
I couldn't get the charm to do it, but it's easy enough by hand.
Once you've cast on you just stick your needle in the stitch here and loop the yarn over the back.
That's called a knit by the way.
To purl, you have to stick it in the back and put the yarn over the front."
She helpfully slowed her charm even more as she explained, and Harry thought he might have finally understood what was going on.
"I knit way faster by hand, but I can see how the charm could be useful," Hannah said.
"I mean it knits even when I'm not paying attention.
That's pretty brilliant."
Neville sighed forlornly at his unmoved needle.
"I'm no good at charms," he muttered.
"You're doing it all the right way, you know," Harry said.
"Wand movement, incantation, everything.
Maybe just focus on making it move forward."
"Really?"
Neville said, sounding doubtful.
Harry nodded in what he hoped was an encouraging way.
While the others practiced the charm, Harry worked on learning how to knit, for lack of anything better to do.
It was harder than it looked, and even though he could get the needles and yarn doing exactly what he wanted, what he wanted was continuously in question.
Hannah giggled at him when he managed to tie several knots at the end of the row of stitches that she had helpfully "cast on" for him.
At length, somehow, Neville finally got his needle to leap into the air and off the edge of the bench.
"Nice job!"
said Hannah.
After this breakthrough, as was usually the case with charms, he began making significantly more progress, and soon he and Vince were engaged in a mock-fencing match.
Or rather, Vince had charmed his needle to stab insistently at Neville, who had been forced to fight back, as there was nowhere to run.
"Where can I get yarn?
And needles?"
Harry asked Hannah.
"You're actually going to learn to knit?"
"Why not?"
said Harry, shrugging.
He could use some winter clothing, like a scarf or a hat.
Merlin knew Petri was never going to buy him "unnecessary" new clothes, though he supposed that since he had his own money, he could owl order something.
Some strange, irrational reluctance churned deep inside him at the thought.
He felt suddenly uneasy—had Petri's stinginess rubbed off on him irreparably?
"There's a shop called Wilma's Wools in Carkitt Market," Hannah told him.
"I get their catalogue.
I can show you.
Maybe next week?
Are you going to be here again?"
Harry assured her that he would indeed be back for charms club the following week.
At the end of the hour, Elaine told them that they could, with the exception of Tonks who was expressly prohibited, keep their needles and practice yarn for a sickle a set—she wasn't made of gold, thank you very much.
Harry did not make a habit of carrying money around, so he asked Elaine if she would accept an IOU.
"Sure, but I'll hex you if you try to cheat me," she said cheerfully.
Harry palmed his remembrall and gave a jerky nod, murmuring, "Bring a sickle, bring a sickle," to himself.
He returned to his dormitory in high spirits but also a bit enervated, now that he found himself suddenly alone.
He rolled onto his bed and enjoyed the softness of the blanket for a moment before getting back to his feet so he could properly undress.
As he emptied out his pockets, he found the rolled-up Martin Miggs comic that Vince had gifted him.
He pulled out his wand and pointed it at the magazine.
"Specialis revelio," he said, but nothing happened except that Martin Miggs on the cover shuffled away slightly from the tip of the wand.
There probably wasn't any enchantment on the comic, then, or it should have been evident to the revealing spell, unless the author was trying to do something illegal and so hid it very well.
Harry dropped it abruptly on his bed at that thought, and cast a few cancellation charms at it instead.
He'd ask Vince about it again, later, perhaps at next week's charms club.
The other boy seemed to have enjoyed it well enough.
Harry extracted his remembrall, which turned a cloudy maroon once more, as he set it gingerly on his side table.
Right.
Quirrell.
Suddenly struck with an idea, Harry reached back to the pile of things that had come out of his pocket and snatched up Petri's letter from that morning, scanning it quickly.
Then he grabbed a quill and the charms club membership parchment.
In the "suggestions for charms" box, he scribbled, "Structure Sight."
If Petri mistook it as the sort of thing he was learning at Hogwarts, then what was to say that he couldn't learn it?
He would read up on it in the Compendium tomorrow, and then if he was unable to get it on his own, he could ask Elaine or Tonks at the club.
Then he would get a definitive answer on just what Professor Quirrell had done to him.
A/N: Happy Yuletide everyone.
I should've updated ages ago, but I'm so lazy at editing.
Thanks to Botulinum for beta reading.
"W-would you like to c-continue where we left off last, last time?"
Professor Quirrell asked Harry after the Defence Against the Dark Arts lesson on Wednesday.
Harry was perplexed until he added, "After dinner, p-perhaps."
As a matter of fact, Harry did not at all want to continue the impromptu dark arts tutoring from the previous week, especially not if it gave Professor Quirrell ample opportunity to curse him again.
However, it occurred to him immediately that if he refused outright, Professor Quirrell might get suspicious that he had caught on, and do something more drastic.
So Harry said, "Er, sorry sir, I'm busy after dinner today."
He cast around for a plausible excuse and gratefully seized on an event that all Ravenclaw House had been in an excited uproar about for the past few days, namely, "Quidditch tryouts!
They're from seven to curfew.
Maybe, er, next week?"
Professor Quirrell agreed about next week easily enough.
Harry's gut churned.
Perhaps the curse was more of a long-term sort, and Professor Quirrell only wanted to monitor the progress?
He had to figure it out, and soon, which meant practice.
He had looked up the structure sight spell that Petri had mentioned, but was so far unable to get it to work.
Except now he had to go to Quidditch tryouts.
Harry wouldn't think to be concerned that a professor would actually check up on whether he had been honest, but this was Quirrell, who clearly had some nefarious motivations involving him.
He supposed he could just go watch the tryouts, along with probably two-thirds of the house.
Nobody said he had to participate.
Of course, he changed his mind that afternoon.
It was just past three, half an hour before their flying lesson was set to begin, but a spirited mass of Ravenclaw first years were already marching intently across the grounds towards the Quidditch pitch, having abandoned their free period early.
Nobody said anything, for they were all busy mentally preparing themselves.
The time for empty boasting was over.
Even Lisa, who had spent what felt like every waking moment of the past few days emphasising her aerial prowess, and how beneath her the lesson was going to be, looked a little pale now that it was actually about to happen.
They arrived in the middle of the flying instructor's preparations.
She shot them a good-natured but exasperated smile before shooing them off to the side.
Terry sprawled out on the verdant grass, eyes shut against the glare of the sun, and was soon joined by Anthony, Lisa, and Oliver.
Stephen sat daintily, folding the back of his robe carefully under him, probably in fear of wrinkles or grass stains.
"Those brooms look a thousand years old," said Morag with a sniff.
Harry's gaze snapped to where the flying instructor was laying out broomsticks.
He didn't know the first thing about brooms of the flying type, but he had to agree with Morag's assessment.
Some of them would hardly pass sweeping standards with their bent twigs and prickly-looking handles.
Michael made a sort of abject moaning sound.
Just then, the Hufflepuffs arrived, chattering noisily, and made a beeline for their group.
"Hi Harry," said Hannah, giving him a small wave and coming near, followed closely by a sallow-faced girl and the plump boy with the green potion who had been the unfortunate recipient of Professor Snape's ire.
"This is Susan and this is Ernie."
"Nice to meet you," said Harry.
"I'm Harry."
Susan and Ernie sat down, but Hannah remained standing.
She clutched her hands close to her chest and twisted back and forth.
"Oh I'm so nervous," she muttered, though she was grinning.
"We won't have to go high up," said Susan.
"Just keep calm and hold the broom steady."
"I know, I know," said Hannah, her voice getting more high-pitched, "But it's just it's not the same when you're actually up there, you know.
Hah.
I just need to stop thinking about it.
What about you Harry, do you like flying?"
Harry shrugged.
"Never tried it," he said.
The Hufflepuffs looked astonished, as if he had just admitted to never having ridden a bicycle.
Well he really had never ridden a bicycle, either.
"Well I suppose that's why they have the lesson," said Susan.
Soon they heard the high screech of a whistle, and everybody scrambled to their feet to go line up.
The flying instructor introduced herself as Madam Hooch, and told them each to stand by a broom.
Harry ran ahead, hoping to be able to select a slightly less beaten-up specimen, but all the options were about equally dismal.
He finally settled beside a broom whose handle, at least, did not look like it would instantly give him a thousand splinters on contact.
"Don't pick them up yet!"
Madam Hooch said sharply, and a few students dropped brooms guiltily back in the grass.
"Put your hand over the broom, and say 'Up!'
You need to be firm," she told them.
Harry wondered what the advantage of this was to simply bending down and taking the broom, as a cacophonous chorus of "Up!"
echoed around the field and most peoples' brooms only twitched or rolled over.
His broom, unlike the others, leapt into his hand immediately with a heavy thwack that stung his palm.
"Mount your brooms," Madam Hooch said, when everybody had finally managed to grab theirs.
Harry had definitely seen some surreptitious bending down when Madam Hooch's back had been turned.
"On my whistle, kick off the ground gently, and hover at chest height.
Do not go higher!"
Harry gripped the handle tightly and waited.
The broom thrummed slightly beneath him, as if eager to get off the ground.
At the whistle, he barely bent his knees and straightened out when it began to rise into the air.
How was he supposed to stop?
Even at the thought, however, he found himself leaning back and pulling on the handle, which brought the broom to a gentle halt.
Occasionally the broom would twitch slightly, as if trying to wander off, but it was easy enough to correct for the motion.
Once everyone had managed to hover and remain there, Madam Hooch set them to flying in straight lines, and then took them on a low-elevation circuit of the Quidditch pitch, which was an oblong, rounded rectangle surrounded by a raised terrace of stands for spectators.
As they picked up some speed and skimmed above the first row of stands, Harry could not help reaching out with one hand to feel the breeze rushing through his fingers.
He was trailing behind a little, distracted.
How to go faster?
He tugged at the handle, and found himself drifting upwards, higher and higher, his classmates a river of black robes beneath him.
Almost on instinct, he hugged the broom, pulling up his legs and bracing his trainers against the bristles.
He shot down like a rocket, whooping with exhilaration as he easily overtook the others, zooming past a blur of yellow and blue, and finally past Madam Hooch herself.
He didn't care if she yelled at him.
Nothing could stop him right now.
She didn't yell.
Harry relaxed marginally and gained more elevation, before falling forwards again.
Up and down, up and down, and soon he had made an art of it, pulling up again before he quite lost his forward momentum each time, so that he picked up continuous speed.
Feeling daring, he rolled upside down on the broom, and for a heart-stopping moment, almost lost his grip on the handle, before gravity re-asserted itself and forced him back against it.
He caught back up to the rest of his classmates as they were coming back down, having lapped them completely, and it was with great reluctance that he brought himself back to land.
He had hardly managed to dismount when he was accosted by a mob, with Terry in the lead.
"Never ridden a broom before my arse!"
he shouted.
"It's true, I never," Harry began, but was soon drowned out by various other exclamations.
"How did you do that?"
"That was amazing, mate!"
"Show-off!"
said a surly Hufflepuff boy.
"Stuff it, Smith.
You're just saying that because you know you couldn't pull off anything that wicked," said Ernie.
Harry smiled sheepishly, feeling a little disconcerted by all the attention.
But he couldn't regret what he'd done.
It might have just been the best five minutes of his life.
"So, Quidditch trials today," said Terry, clapping a hand on his shoulder.
"I'll be there," Harry told him, and grinned more genuinely.
Then his face fell.
"Er, I don't know all the rules of Quidditch, exactly."
Lisa and Terry spent what felt like the better part of the afternoon educating him on the positions, the plays, and his likelihood of making it onto the team.
"He's a shoo-in," said Terry.
"He's competing against older students," said Lisa.
"I think you should go for seeker.
You've got the perfect build for it."
"Are you joking?
Weren't you just talking about older students?
I heard Patil has been seeker since like, the dawn of time," Terry protested.
"But in this case it's a disadvantage for him that he's seventeen and tall," Lisa said.
Terry shook his head.
"Harry is obviously brilliant at flying and all, but experience is different.
Harry, you should definitely just go for one of the open positions.
They graduated out all the talent last year, I heard.
You could be beater or chaser.
Probably chaser.
I mean you need some serious arm strength for beater."
"Can I try out for more than one position?"
Harry asked.
"Good point," said Lisa.
"You might as well try out for them all."
There were, indeed, tryouts for all the positions.
The keeper and seeker, of course, being incumbent, were unlikely to be unseated, but the Ravenclaw captain, a tall, broad girl with a dark, intense gaze named Eliza, was firm about seeing what everyone had to offer.
Harry had been right in his expectation that pretty much all Ravenclaw House was gathered to see the tryouts.
He was simultaneously gratified and irritated to see that Professor Quirrell, too, had shown up.
Discreetly, Harry checked that he still had his amulet for protection against the Evil Eye.
The blue glass bird was reassuringly cool and smooth under his hand.
"I used to, to be a Ravenclaw, you remember," Professor Quirrell was saying to Professor Flitwick.
"Alright you lot, line up!"
Eliza shouted.
Her voice boomed across the pitch, cutting through the chatter easily—she must have used a sonorus.
Her wand tip lit up then, casting a huge beam of light that cut easily through the dim twilight, and she swept it across the mass of Quidditch hopefuls who had huddled around the goal posts.
Most people, Harry was a little bit intimidated to see, had their own brooms, which all looked a sight sleeker and more polished than the battered school brooms.
Still, that meant that, as he had arrived early, he had managed to borrow the newest of the lot from an enthusiastic Madam Hooch.
The silver lettering on the handle had not yet been worn away, and Harry could actually make out the outline of the brand: "Shooting Star."
"There are way too many of you here, as usual," said Eliza, extinguishing the tip of her wand and leaving everybody momentarily blinded in the dark.
"I want you all to fly three laps around the field.
It's not a race.
This isn't bloody broom racing club.
Let's just make sure you know what you're about.
There will be bludgers.
GO!"
There was a confused rumble from the crowd, and then everybody was scrambling to mount their brooms and take off.
A pair of bludgers, as promised, zoomed threateningly into the air and started to pelt those who lagged behind.
Harry had tugged sharply on his broom as soon as Eliza had given the go, and found himself instantly dragged high into the air with his legs still dangling freely.
Heart hammering in his throat, he made an awkward lunge and tried to roll his body up onto the broom.
Thankfully, it followed his intent and swept under his leg.
He hugged it securely and then he was off.
It wasn't a race, Eliza had said, but people certainly were doing their damned best to get to the front.
Some of the horde of people who had come to try out were obviously unfit, Harry noticed with some relief.
They could hardly keep their brooms straight at high speed, and some even fell off without any help from the bludgers.
The bludgers, head-sized black wrecking balls of destruction, were also executing swift and silent slaughter.
They were just short of impossible to see in the slightly misty darkness, and though they made a telltale rushing sound as they passed, it generally came too late to be anything more than a harbinger of regret.
Harry quickly racked up several close calls, and once even had to repeat the rolling move he had tried earlier, except this time under duress.
He actually let go of the handle entirely for a terrifying split-second this time, and only some miracle (or perhaps magic) had him flipping back on top of the broom the next moment, rather than in free fall.
The responsible bludger paused in the air, glinting subtly under the moonlight, as if perplexed at having missed its prey, and then zoomed back for a second round.
This time, Harry was ready, and pulled nimbly out of the way.
He'd noticed that as he sped up, the broom would begin to vibrate a little, and move more jerkily.
It wasn't all bad, though, because it made it easier to jump from side to side in the air, which made for a useful dodging manoeuvre.
When the bludger tried to go for yet another pass, Harry decided that he had had enough and dove sharply downwards, straight into the mass of remaining contenders.
Somebody yelped in the distance as he careened past, and then there was a satisfying crunch and accompanying scream as the pursuing bludger found a replacement target.
Eventually, after the loosely-defined "laps" had dissolved into sufficient all-out chaos for her taste, Eliza screamed a sonorus-enhanced, "STOP!
EVERYBODY COME BACK!"
and what was left of everybody, about a dozen contenders, landed with rather less energy than they had had at the start.
Some of them looked to have been smacked by a bludger or two, but managed to remain on their brooms.
"Okay, we'll start with the beater tryouts," Eliza said.
Harry decided to spare his strength in favour of the other positions.
He wasn't sure he would even be willing to play beater.
Dodging the bludgers was bad enough—having to constantly face them head-on seemed a bit much, even if he had a bat to help.
Also, the beater hopefuls were an intimidating lot, all tall and broad and built like bulls.
It turned out that Eliza herself was a beater, and she flew up with the rest and smacked bludgers viciously at them until they all dropped out of the sky.
Harry winced at each elimination and was glad he had abstained, even as he saw Professor Flitwick casting a slew of deceleration and cushioning charms at the falling students.
In the end, surprisingly, only the smallest of the lot, Inglebee or something like that, remained, and so he was made beater.
"He's got a head for strategy, obviously, unlike the other brutes," Harry heard Eliza saying to the others in the previous year's team.
"He'll grow into it."
Next was the seeker tryout, which, though Eliza announced it as a free-for-all race to catch the snitch as quickly as possible, was really everybody against Patil, the lithe incumbent seeker whom Terry had described as playing "since the dawn of time."
The seeker hopefuls were all noticeably younger and smaller than the others.
Lisa was trying out as well, and Harry recognised Cho Chang among several second-years.
It was almost pitch dark by now, with the moon having crept behind some thick cloud cover, so Harry really had no idea how they were supposed to find the snitch, golden or not.
Nonetheless, they all kicked off at Eliza's whistle and shot into the sky.
Most of the others followed after Patil like a comet's tail, so Harry decided to employ a different strategy and went in the opposite direction.
He had no idea what he was doing, however, and whatever his aerial prowess, he couldn't chase after something he couldn't find.
After about five minutes there was a loud cheer from the crowd, and Harry spun around to see Patil standing in the spotlight of Eliza's wand, arm raised and fluttering snitch in his grasp.
The next three rounds went about the same way.
Patil caught it every time, even the last round when Cho caught sight of the snitch first.
She had split off from his tail, but Patil had outstripped her despite her lead and swooped underneath her to snatch it away.
At this point, Eliza called an end and confirmed Patil's spot as seeker, while keeping an elated Cho on as reserve.
Finally were the keeper and chaser tryouts, and Harry supposed it was not in fact possible to try out for both positions.
Besides last year's keeper, Grant Page, there was one other sixth or seventh year trying out for keeper.
Harry decided to go for chaser.
Eliza split the chasers into two groups of three, one for each keeper, and assigned them each one side of the pitch.
Harry found himself paired up with Lisa and one of the incumbent chasers, Roger Davies.
They were up against Page.
"Eliza will be looking for team play," said Davies, drawing them into a huddle.
"Grant's got a long reach and has this double guarding trick with his broom.
The only way to get past him is with a really good feint."
That was all the time they got for advice before Eliza blew her whistle and launched two quaffles into the sky.
Harry flew up in the air, unsure of himself, but Davies obviously had no reservations zooming up and snatching the quaffle from where it had been levitating lethargically.
Lisa flew parallel to him, so Harry hurried to catch up.
Davies's broom was clearly better than the school brooms by some orders of magnitude.
He seemed to be coasting easily while Harry found his broom to be in the vibrating, jerky phase, and Lisa had fallen somewhat behind.
They made straight for the goalposts, and Davies let go of his broom to throw the quaffle.
Page had arranged himself sideways, so that he was halfway between two of the goalposts.
Instead of aiming for the unguarded hoop, Davies did a strange curving toss, and Harry was startled to see the quaffle flying right at him.
His hand darted out automatically to grab it, but it was a bit large and he fumbled slightly.
Seeing the goalposts approaching, he tried to go for the hoop behind Page, but the keeper punted the ball away and anyway, Harry suspected he would have missed even had he not been blocked.
The quaffle remained levitating some meters away from the goalposts, as if it had rolled away in midair.
Harry flew over to retrieve it and then went back to where Davies and Lisa had regrouped some distance out of Page's earshot.
"Sorry," he said as he approached, aware that he wasn't performing so well.
"No worries," said Davies, who, Harry supposed, really didn't have anything to worry about.
The rest of the tryout went about as well.
Davies attempted to assist Lisa and Harry in scoring a goal, but they were both unable to, and finally he just went on his own and managed to get past Page with some quick manoeuvring.
In the end Davies and the other original chaster, Stretton, both got their positions back, and a third year, Randolph Burrow, got the last position.
Page also remained keeper, to nobody's surprise.
Defeated, Harry and Lisa returned to join the other first years.
"Too bad, mate," said Terry.
"But good show.
I couldn't even make it past the bludgers."
"Are you okay?"
Lisa asked him.
Harry looked him up and down and didn't see any cantaloupe-sized bruises.
Terry laughed.
"Don't worry.
Professor Flitwick fixed us right back up.
Nobody even had to go to the hospital wing."
"You're all mental," said Michael.
"I can't believe you would volunteer to go near a big metal ball that's actively trying to put a dent in your head."
"You came to watch, didn't you?"
said Lisa.
"Watching is totally different," said Michael.
"Watching is great fun."
"I couldn't really see much," Oliver admitted.
"That's why you need these," said Stephen, tapping the bulging sky blue goggles on his head.
"Omnioculars."
"I've never seen omnioculars like that," Lisa said, bumping Harry aside to peer at Stephen's strange accessory.
"Well they're mini-omnioculars technically.
But the idea's the same.
You can't record much but you can zoom in on the action and everything's lit up for perfect visibility," Stephen explained.
Harry thought about his own spectacles, and wondered if they had a similar function.
He tried pushing them up his nose, as one usually did when hoping for better visibility.
He wasn't disappointed.
Though everything appeared sort of grainy, his field of vision increased drastically and where he could see only dim shadows before, he could make out the features of older students, and even see the distinct lines of the Quidditch pitch behind them now.
He wished he had discovered this feature ten minutes ago, though realistically it would not have made much of a difference in the tryout results.
"Being on the team would have been brill," Terry was saying, "but also a lot of work.
They practice every day at an ungodly time for hours, you know, and they still have to do schoolwork on top of it.
So I'm sort of glad we all failed."
"Looking on the bright side, huh?"
Lisa murmured.
But Terry had had a point.
The volume of homework picked up drastically after the first week.
If they thought McGonagall and Snape had been bad, now they had to contend with effectively self-studied essays for Binns, boring worksheets on wand movements for Flitwick, and frustratingly vague writing prompts from Quirrell.
Harry, having failed to make it onto the Quidditch team, ran out of ready excuses for Professor Quirrell soon enough, and had to accept another evening meeting with the man the next week.
He decided to try the Enemy's Curse on his own again, just in case.
Since it was not technically illegal, and didn't even cause damage to objects, he figured it would be fine to cast it in the usual empty classroom he used for practising.
Funnily enough, he had no problems casting it now.
All it took was the image of Professor Quirrell whispering the sinister mantra for the Evil Eye, sending a shiver down his back, and the blue beam erupted with alacrity from the end of his wand.
He cast it at the wall several times for good measure, just to make sure he could.
The sound of heavy footsteps reached his ears, and Harry quickly looked around for something else he could plausibly be doing instead of questionable and possibly dark magic.
He dug around in his pockets but found only his remembrall.
A moment later, Vince walked into the room.
Harry tried not to look guilty or anything, and acted as if he had just been, well, looking at his remembrall, which seemed a bit stupid.
"Oh hey, Harry," said Vince.
"Look, I have one of those too now."
He produced a remembrall that was slightly larger than Harry's, and which had a filigreed golden band around the equator.
"Where did you get it?"
Harry asked.
"Draco got it off that wimpy Gryffindor, Longbottom," said Vince.
Harry frowned.
"You mean he just, took it from him?"
Harry asked.
Vince nodded and shrugged.
"And now you have it?"
"Draco threw it away, but I went to go find it," Vince explained.
"Seemed useful."
Harry couldn't imagine why somebody would bother to steal something, and then just toss it.
Draco Malfoy made no sense.
"You don't think Neville might want it back?"
he asked.
"What's he gonna do about it?"
Vince said.
Well, that was a good point.
Harry couldn't imagine Neville Longbottom actually reporting Malfoy, or going up to him and settling it one-on-one.
Harry went for a different angle.
"If you give it back to him at charms club I bet he'd be grateful," he said.
"Oh, you mean, he'd owe me one," said Vince, looking thoughtful.
"I suppose so."
He put the remembrall away in his pocket and traded it for a familiar white magazine.
It was another issue of Martin Miggs.
"So what's this one about?"
Harry asked.
Vince squinted at the cover, which looked more or less the same as that of the previous week's issue, as if in deep concentration.
"Something about music, I think.
Cellos.
Ah, probably the Strange Sisters!"
he said.
"Strange Sisters?"
Harry asked.
"It's like the Weird Sisters, but they didn't want to use the real name I guess," Vince explained.
Harry didn't know who the Weird Sisters were either, but decided it wasn't important.
"Is there a plot summary or something?"
Harry asked, moving closer to see if there was something he'd missed.
But no, only Martin Miggs's awkward smile and slouchy beret greeted him.
"Have you read it before?"
Vince shook his head.
"It's new, just came out yesterday," he said.
"I don't get it," Harry finally said.
"How do you know what's going to happen, then?"
"I'm reading it," Vince said.
"Without opening it?"
"It doesn't work as well," said Vince, "but I can still tell the main points.
Can't you?
Here, get a better look at it."
He shoved the magazine into Harry's hands.
"I don't think looking at it is going to help," Harry said.
"Can you do that with all books?
Just, er, read them without opening them?"
"Not all books," said Vince.
"Some are easier than others.
Our textbooks are pretty hard."
"Let's go to the library," Harry said, eager to test out Vince's perplexing talent.
Was it really what it seemed to be?
"What?"
Vince said, bemused.
"Why?"
Harry handed Martin Miggs back to him and steered him into a chair.
"After you finish this."
Vince shot him another confused glance before turning to the comic and quickly becoming engrossed.
Harry produced his remembrall again, some legitimate use for it having just occurred to him.
He set it down on a chair and pointed his wand at himself, sketching in a careful spiral, in and out.
"Structuram vedo," he intoned.
Nothing happened, which was better than what had occurred the first few times, when sparks had shot out of his wand towards his own eye.
The structure sight charm was supposed to allow the caster to see spell structures, as the name suggested.
According to the Compendium, an expert at the spell could eventually see each of the many hundreds of basic spell functions as different colours and shades, though the inexperienced caster was at first likely to see only a uniform, silver or white light.
Harry would be glad to see anything at all.
He guessed that his wand movement was still incorrect.
There had been a description and an animated diagram in the book, but it had been rather complicated.
"I'm done," said Vince, after far too short of a time.
Harry shoved his uncooperative wand and remembrall into his pockets.
"Library then," he said.
"You take this," said Vince, giving him the magazine, as he had the previous week.
"Why?"
Harry asked.
"Don't you want it?"
"No, it's yours," said Vince.
"I never had it, okay?"
"Okay," Harry agreed, bemused by Vince's insistence on not being associated with the comic.
It wasn't as if it were some sort of contraband, or embarrassing to be seen with.
Actually it seemed quite popular.
Now that he knew what it was, Harry had begun to notice it everywhere.
There were often various issues lying around in the Ravenclaw common room, and he had seen a whole stack of the things on Terry's nightstand.
"That's a lot of books," Vince said as they arrived at the library.
Harry tried not to look at him too incredulously.
"It's the library," he said.
"What did you expect?"
Vince shrugged, looking away.
"Dunno."
"Wait, you haven't been here before?"
Harry deduced suddenly.
He counted on his other hand the number of times he had already had to come here for some assignment or other, and ran out of fingers before he got past the tally for Professor McGonagall.
"How did you do your homework?"
"Homework?"
Vince asked, and Harry almost gaped.
"You know, those essays we had to write?
For classes?"
And he remembered, distinctly, he thought, Vince claiming that he couldn't write.
But that just could not be right.
Vince shrugged again.
"Draco helped," he said.
By helped, Harry wondered if Vince meant that Draco had completed it all for him.
However, he just couldn't imagine why the other boy would bother doing something like that.
"What was in it for him?"
Harry asked.
"I owe him one," said Vince.
"I owe him lots of ones."
Harry was still unsure what Draco could possibly be getting from the arrangement, but there were more important matters at stake.
He walked up to the Divination shelf and picked a book titled Xylomancy, which was something he had never heard of and was fairly confident Vince had never heard of either.
"Here, what's this book about?"
Harry asked.
He half hoped that Vince was just going to flip the book over or look inside for some kind of summary or preface, but instead he just stared intently at the utterly unfathomable title and matte green cover.
"Er, looking at the future with sticks.
Dropping some sticks on the ground is supposed to make special patterns or something.
I dunno, seems stupid," Vince said.
"Let me see that," Harry said, grabbing the book back.
He opened it up and read the first few passages of the introduction, which was more than enough to convince him that Vince had adequately summarised the contents, if clumsily.
Harry was startled to find that his fingertips were sweating a little where they pressed against the parchment pages, and that his heart had raced up into his throat some time ago without his notice.
This was incredible.
This was impossible.
He shoved the book back into its place and grabbed another one.
The Fateful Word: Grammatica in the Past.
He had literally no guesses on what the book was even about, other than, well, divination.
"What about this one?"
"Why are you making me read random books?"
Vince asked.
Harry did not understand how Vince did not recognise his own amazing talent.
"I just want to see how you read.
It's, er, different from how I, how everyone else I've met reads," Harry said.
"Er, okay.
This one is about how words can change what happens in the future.
I think, depending on how you say something, people will act different," Vince told him.
"What do you mean I read different from you?"
he asked, looking on in confusion as Harry flipped through the tome in an attempt to verify his words.
"You're reading the same way."
"I'm skimming," said Harry.
"If I read the book it'd have to be like, well, this."
He shut the book with a rather heavy thud and then opened it up to the first page.
"Preface.
As I write this book, the Fateful Word Effect is the most hotly debated topic in the entire field of Grammatology, and perhaps even all of Divination.
Though in recent years its existence has, I should think, been established beyond a reasonable doubt…" Harry paused and looked up expectantly at Vince.
"Oh," said the large boy, blinking slowly, before he looked down at his feet.
"You can get all that?
I'm not, er, not that good yet."
"What do you mean?"
Harry demanded with some exasperation.
"Quiet in the library!"
Madam Pince whispered very loudly, from across the room.
Harry froze and quickly replaced the book on the shelves.
"Let's get out of here," he muttered, and ushered Vince down the aisle and nearest staircase.
"Let's go to lunch," said Vince.
It wasn't lunch yet, Harry was sure, but he figured the Great Hall was as good a place as any to continue their conversation.
There was already a smattering of students in the hall despite the lack of even any silverware set up.
Harry checked the time and discovered that they were an hour early.
"Look it's Draco and Goyle," said Vince, pointing to the Slytherin table.
Harry, seeing little other alternative, followed him.
"Where have you been all morning?"
Draco demanded, upon seeing Vince.
His gaze shifted doubtfully over to Harry's face, and then slid down to somewhere in the vicinity of his chest.
"Oh, you.
You know we don't have to wear the uniform on weekends, don't you?"
"I know," said Harry, who had not really given it much thought.
His casual wear consisted of even more black robes.
It hardly seemed worth even taking it out of his trunk.
Draco, on the other hand, was clearly endowed with a more exciting wardrobe, and wore a light grey robe embroidered with shimmering vines.
Vince, who was also black-clad, though not in school robes, sat down, and Harry joined him.
Draco had not stopped staring at him.
"What are you doing?
This is the Slytherin table," he said.
"Is there a rule against that?"
Harry asked.
It would be a right stupid rule, if there was.
"Well," Draco began, and then paused.
"I suppose not."
He finally turned back to Vince.
"Have you seen the Gryffindor point glass?
Or better yet, Weasley?"
Vince shook his head.
"Oh it was glorious," Draco crowed.
"Remember that supposed duel that I challenged him to?
Dunce didn't even realise dueling is against the school rules.
Walked right into Filch in the middle of the night.
You should've seen his face!
Looked like his whole family had died, all dozen of them, and he had to sit alone at the end of the table.
Didn't stop him from stuffing his face like a boor though.
Speaking of which, where were you?
I cannot believe you missed breakfast."
"Didn't miss breakfast," said Vince.
"Was early."
"Early?"
Draco repeated.
He glanced over to Goyle.
"We went at what, eight?
What did you get up so early on a Saturday for?"
Vince looked oddly uncomfortable, and the silence dragged, so Harry said, "We were studying."
"Studying?
Early morning on a Saturday?"
Draco said again.
"Are you seriously converting Vince into a Ravenclaw?
That's—I cannot even begin..." "Well he reads in an, er, interesting way," Harry said.
"He can read?"
Draco said, looking a little astonished.
Vince looked abashedly at his lap and Harry frowned.
"Of course he can," he said, "look," and he pulled out the only reading material he had on him, which was the Martin Miggs comic.
Vince looked up very suddenly and all the blood seemed to drain from his face.
His mouth formed into a panicked "No!"
but no sound came out at all.
Harry held up the magazine awkwardly, seeing as it was obviously too late to put it back.
"You read that mud—muggleborn rubbish?"
Draco demanded immediately.
Oh.
Harry felt a little relieved that it was just this.
"Not really," he said coolly.
"Terry loves it so I nicked one to see what it was about.
Why, is it really bad or something?"
"It's written by a muggleborn," Draco explained, as if that were the most relevant thing upon which to judge a periodical.
"Also the drawings are almost muggle—they barely move, and it's sub, er, subversive."
Harry wasn't sure either he or Draco knew what "subversive" meant, but he nodded anyway.
"Oh.
Too bad then," he said.
"But anyway, Vince can read you know?
I bet he's never seen this comic in his life and he could tell you what it was about."
"That's hardly reading," said Draco dismissively.
"It's just a comic.
An infant could do that."
He turned to Vince.
"Last time I checked, you still cannot even get paragraphs."
"Can't," Vince mumbled, looking away.
Harry wondered what Draco was even talking about, and had to concluded that he must also have this same ability that Vince had, or perhaps a better one.
However, he wasn't sure it was safe to ask about it.
His bemusement must have shown on his face, because Draco sneered suddenly.
"What is it?
Don't tell me you read like a mu—muggleborn."
Reading like a mudblood?
Reading and writing making somebody a mudblood—it sounded awfully familiar.
"Maybe I do," Harry said, trying to sound casual and not at all defensive.
"You mean you had to memorise every single word, and read them one at a time?
That must take an eternity," Draco said.
Harry blinked.
He supposed that that was sort of how one began to read, but sooner or later it became possible to skim texts or read whole sentences or even paragraphs at a time.
"Not exactly," he said.
"Nobody literally reads the words one at a time.
Not even muggles."
"And you write all your essays that way too?"
"Well how do you write essays?"
Harry demanded.
"There's a spell," said Draco.
"Like the professors use for the board."
"What's the spell?
Can you show me?"
Harry asked, and Draco flushed slightly.
"I er, I can't do it that well yet," he admitted.
"I use a dicta-quill."
"Are those even allowed in exams?"
asked Harry.
He remembered exams from primary involving complete silence.
"Well, no," said Draco.
"So what do you do then?"
Harry pressed.
Draco frowned for some time before answering.
"I suppose then I'd have to write like, like a muggle."
"So you can write.
Like that," said Harry.
Draco's face lost its strange, uncertain look and he broke out into another sneer.
"Well of course I can."
But Harry noticed that Vince and Goyle seemed rather surprised.
"But you," Draco said to Harry, "ought to learn to read and write like a proper wizard."
"How exactly is that, anyway?"
Harry asked.
"Writing is like casting half a spell actually, and when you read it it's the other half of the spell.
Magic is the purest kind of communication.
If you're a true wizard you should understand everything the writer meant to say," Draco explained.
Later in the library, Harry tried very hard to find some kind of magical understanding in books, but was met with no success.
He'd think Draco had been having him on, but for the fact that it had all started with Vince.
There was definitely something to the idea of reading like a wizard, something different.
"How do you learn to read?"
Harry asked Vince as they walked up to charms club together.
"Dunno," said Vince.
"You just know, if it comes natural to you, or it doesn't."
He said it like reading was a sort of innate talent.
Harry mulled over the unsatisfying thought until they made it to the crystalline rotunda and were promptly set upon by Elaine, who leapt up from her seat by her sister and practically sprinted across the room to meet them.
"You came!
I mean, welcome back," she said with a beaming smile.
"Harry!
I saw your suggestion.
That charm looks brilliant.
It didn't win this week but I'm definitely gonna learn it so you lemme know if you need help, okay?"
"I'll definitely take you up on that," said Harry, somewhat disappointed but not surprised that others had not voted for the charm.
"So what charm are we learning today then?"
"The human-revealing spell!
Or well, just the revealing spell too, if you don't know that one yet," said Elaine.
A whoop sounded from behind them, and they turned to see the pink-haired Tonks strolling into the room.
"Who picks the most wicked spells every time?
That's right, me," she said.
"All your spells are straight off the Auror Academy list," said Elaine.
"They're totally useless for normal people."
"Defence is dead useful," Tonks argued.
"What if you get mugged by dark wizards?"
"I'll be sure to use the human-revealing spell while being mugged by dark wizards," said Elaine dryly.
"They'll be so revealed that they run away screaming.
Actually, regular revealing spell would probably be more useful there."
Tonks sighed theatrically and slumped down on a nearby bench.
Elaine sniffed.
"Where's Gabriel?"
she asked.
"Dating," said Tonks, rolling her eyes and making air quotes.
"More like snogging."
"He picked a girl over charms?
Traitor.
Whatever.
We'll wait a few more minutes for everyone to show up."
Cassius arrived just then, followed by Hannah and Neville.
Then came Penelope and a tall, ginger boy in Gryffindor robes, who also had a prefect badge pinned to his chest.
Close behind them was yet another prefect, this one a girl from Slytherin.
"Hey Penny, Percy.
Hey Gemma," said Elaine.
"Where's Gabriel?"
asked Gemma, upon giving the room a once-over.
"Snogging Dawlish in a broom closet," said Tonks.
"Shame, thought we might get the full set," Gemma said with a sigh.
"Can't be too predictable," Tonks told her, "or all the troublemakers will know to come out when it's charms club time."
"I still can't believe we all made prefect," said Gemma.
"I still can't believe Gabe made prefect," said Tonks.
Gemma made a face and turned to Elaine.
"What charm are we doing?"
Elaine told her, and then decided they might as well officially start.
"So this is a variant of the revealing charm, only instead of revealing disguises on one target it just shows if there are any humans in a certain radius, and you can even figure out how many," she said.
"The incantation is homenum revelio, and you have to sweep your wand like this."
She held out her wand at arm's length and turned about, tracing an arc.
"How does that have anything to do with the revealing spell?"
Gemma demanded.
"They don't have remotely the same properties!"
"They both reveal, don't they?"
said Tonks.
"I think it's syntactical similarity," said Penelope.
"Sort of like in Transfiguration."
"This is charms," Gemma protested.
"Who cares?"
said Elaine.
"According to my charm family book it's a variant, so that's that.
So who doesn't know the revealing spell?
I'll show you real quick."
All the first years raised their hands, and she herded them into a corner.
Harry supposed that the revealing spell was probably related to the charm-revealing spell as well, but he'd never had occasion to learn it.
"Okay, so this spell is actually pretty rubbish.
I mean, in real life.
You can't tell if you got it right, or if there's just nothing to reveal.
It's really easy, in principle, but could also be really hard.
Depends on how hard the target is trying to hide, I suppose.
Works on stuff that resists finite though.
Incantation is just revelio, and you kind of flick your wand."
Elaine flicked her wand, pointing it at Harry.
"Revelio!"
She lowered her wand and stared in surprise, and Harry automatically reached up to touch his face.
That wasn't it, though—it was his hair, he realised.
He rolled his eyes up to see that his fringe was black, rather than the blond that he had almost got used to.
"Er, sorry," said Elaine.
"I didn't think—" "It's fine," said Harry.
It wasn't as if anybody could recognise him.
He had no idea why Petri had even bothered with renewing the charm on his hair after they had finished settling in Knockturn.
Perhaps it had just been to avoid awkward questions from the likes of Silviu.
"That's perfect, though," said Elaine.
"Maybe you can use the hair colour charm to test the revealing charm."
Harry did not actually know how to cast a hair colour charm, but he supposed it must be a variant of the colour-changing charm.
Once Elaine had left them to their practice, he tried to cast it on himself.
Hannah immediately covered her mouth to stifle a giggle, and Vince and Neville broke out into grins.
Harry tugged a bit of his fringe down to get a good look at it.
It was canary yellow.
"It's hard without a mirror," he said.
"Why don't you all try too?"
They hadn't learned the colour-changing charm in class yet, but Harry knew that it was an easy spell to get working, if difficult to master entirely.
Even Neville managed to turn his sandy hair pitch black on the third try.
The revealing spell was also surprisingly easy.
Harry wondered what good disguises were, if first years could cancel them with so little effort.
He considered what Elaine had said about how hard the target was trying to hide.
"Wait, try it again," he told Hannah, who was practising on him.
He charmed his hair yellow again, managing to get the shade somewhat more realistic, and concentrated on not being found out.
This appeared to have no effect, because Hannah managed to rid him of the disguise instantly.
"Again," he said, this time thinking about permanence while casting the colour-changing charm itself.
This time, it worked, and the charm resisted Hannah's attempt to reveal it.
"I thought I had it," she said.
"I tried to make my disguise more powerful," Harry told her.
The relationship between a disguise spell and the revealing spell reminded him somewhat of the severing and mending charms, where the severing intent behind the severing charm could be strong enough to overpower an attempt at the mending charm.
Meanwhile Neville and Vince were taking a break, and Vince returned Neville's remembrall, which the Gryffindor took ecstatically.
Immediately as he touched it, the smoke turned bright red.
"Oh no," he mumbled.
"What did I forget now?"
"Your homework?"
Harry suggested.
Neville stared at the orb blankly.
"Can't remember," he finally said.
"Where did you get your remembrall?"
Harry asked.
"My gran sent it as a gift," Neville said.
"Is your gran an enchanter?"
Harry asked.
Neville shook his head.
"I reckon she bought it somewhere," he said.
"Oh!
That's right," said Hannah suddenly.
She rummaged about in the rucksack she had brought and produced a roll of thin parchment.
"Here, Harry, this is the catalogue for Wilma's Wools.
They've got everything, not just wool, and they deliver owl orders within two days."
"Thanks," said Harry, having forgotten all about last week's knitting adventures.
His needles were still under his bed in his cauldron.
His needles!
He owed Elaine a sickle, or else.
He patted his robe pockets hurriedly, and to his relief discovered that he had outsmarted himself, and placed a sickle there the previous week.
"Oh, thanks," said Elaine when he handed it to her.
"How's the revealing spell going?
You lot ready to move on to revealing humans?"
"Yeah," said Hannah, and nobody protested.
The human-revealing spell was a sight more difficult than the revealing spell.
In particular, it was exceedingly odd in that it gave both false positives and false negatives.
Casting it while the humans it was meant to be revealing were in sight was completely trivial—Harry felt like he had a long feather duster that swooped over all the people in the room, and rustled whenever it passed over somebody's head.
Casting it with his eyes closed was another matter.
Elaine recommended that they walk around a bit while the others were casting, to put up more of a challenge.
Harry found frustratingly that if he thought that Hannah, for example, was in front of him, that the spell would find her there even when she was actually behind him.
Or if he did focus on finding her, it would fail to detect anybody at all.
"I think the trick is to want to find people without guessing that they're there, or where they are," Hannah said.
"If you already think that they're in a certain spot, and they're not, then it doesn't work."
This was all well and likely, but not so easy to achieve.
Still, at least they had all managed to get some reaction from the spell by the end of the hour.
Harry wasn't sure what he would ever need the spell for, anyway.
It seemed far less useful than structure sight.
"Hey, Elaine, I really am interested in learning structure sight.
Do you think we could meet up to practise it?"
Harry asked.
"Oh sure.
How about after lunch tomorrow?
I usually go to eat around noon," Elaine said.
"Sounds good," Harry agreed.
"It's a date!"
said Tonks, while Gemma and Penelope snickered.
"Don't say things like that!"
cried Percy, looking scandalised.
"Don't be such an uptight arse," Tonks suggested.
"Club's over, go home," said Elaine, shooing them out the door, where they all made their way down the narrow spiral staircase in an awkward queue, before splitting to return to their respective house common rooms.
True to her word, Elaine stopped by the Ravenclaw table after lunch the next day and gestured for Harry to join her.
"Come on, I've got a great spot we can practise at," she said.
"Not the rotunda?"
Harry asked.
"Rotunda's always booked," she said.
"I think choir is in there most Sundays."
They went up the grand stair, and then up some more, and some more.
"Sorry, it's a bit of a walk, but it's worth it," Elaine said, as Harry huffed and struggled to catch up to her longer stride.
"Anyway, where did you even find this spell?
I'd never heard of it before you mentioned it and I'm in NEWT Charms."
Trust Petri to have dropped the name of a spell that was probably light-years above his level.
Then again, he was normally good about only teaching Harry spells he could actually cast.
"My uncle," Harry said, finally getting somewhat more used to this response.
"He's an enchanter."
"Really?
Wicked!
My mum's a charms mistress.
She works for Cleansweep," Elaine told him.
"I s'pose it makes sense we're both charms enthusiasts, huh?
Phew.
We're almost there; just a little farther."
They went up a steep staircase and emerged in a familiar burgundy hallway.
Surely Elaine was not going to take him to the Gryffindor common room?
Maybe it was different with other houses, but Harry had never seen a non-Ravenclaw in Ravenclaw Tower.
But no; instead, she took them two feet down the hallway, spun right back around, and led them back out onto the landing, where the staircase had transformed mysteriously into another corridor.
This too was familiar.
Were they going to the rubbish room that Draco Malfoy had been so intent on finding the other day?
Indeed, they stopped right in front of the tapestry with the dancing (or rather, not dancing) trolls.
Instead of just staring at the wall intently or saying some sort of password, however, Elaine turned on the spot three times.
A door poofed into existence.
"There's a wicked study room here," she said.
"It has literally everything you'd ever need.
You can even use it to conveniently borrow library books."
Harry waited with some scepticism as she pulled open the door, half-expecting to see the shambling piles of other students' discarded rubbish that Draco had implied were here.
Then Elaine stepped through to reveal a small, tidy classroom, reminiscent of Professor Flitwick's, which was lined on all sides with ceiling-high wooden shelves that seemed largely empty.
There was no lectern, only a neat assortment of desks and chairs.
All in all, it seemed fairly ordinary for how out of their way they had gone to come here.
"Come on," said Elaine, ushering him inside and then shutting the door.
"Take a look at this.
The room's already prepared with what we need," she said, making for the shelf directly across from them.
Harry hurried after her.
She reached her hands into a shelf that was rather taller than Harry could see over and resurfaced with several books, which she slammed onto a nearby desk.
"Refining the Structure Sight," was the top one.
"There's a whole book on this spell?"
Harry demanded, a little daunted.
"There's a whole three books on this spell," Elaine corrected, pushing the pile over in a way that would have made Madam Pince wince, or perhaps scream at her.
Indeed, the other two books looked also largely to be about the structure sight.
"Isn't this place brilliant?
A thousand times better than trying to find a book you don't even know exists in the library, and Pince-free."
"Yeah it's neat," Harry agreed, a little preoccupied by how much studying this single spell might take him.
Did he really have the time for that?
Even those books would take him a while to read.
Well, if he read the muggle way.
"Hey, Elaine," he began, "is there some way to read books faster than word for word?
Like one of my friends, he can just look at a book without even opening it and know what it's about.
Said it was wizard reading."
"You're such a Ravenclaw," said Elaine with a bark of laughter.
"Sometimes it does just happen that you can sort of, get what a book is about before even properly picking it up, but it's kind of tricky.
Dunno if it's even really possible with printed or auto-quill books.
It's the old handwritten first editions that the writers really put their ideas into, you know?
But we don't have to read all these books.
They're just here for reference.
Dunno 'bout you but I like to learn by doing."
And with that, she pointed her wand at Harry and said, "Structuram vedo!"
Harry reeled as his vision lit up silvery white.
It wasn't painfully blinding like he had half-expected from reading the description of the spell, but it was hard to make anything out in any case.
He couldn't even see the desk or the books that he knew were in front of him—everything was a nearly uniform grey, with no indications of depth.
"Er, I didn't realise we were casting it on each other," he said.
"I read that it helps to have somebody else cast it at first," said Elaine.
"Well, do you see anything?"
"Everything's grey," he informed her.
She sighed.
"Yeah, that's what I thought.
No idea how to make all the magic look different, or not block out your regular sight yet."
Harry frowned.
"Wait, you're actually just casting this on me so you don't blind yourself, aren't you?"
Elaine laughed sheepishly.
"Well, maybe.
Don't worry, you can cancel the spell with finite.
But you know, it's really hard to get the right wand movements when you can't see.
Finite."
Harry blinked rapidly as his regular vision returned.
He rubbed at his eyes with the back of his hand.
"That was odd," he muttered.
"I can't even get that much to happen, though.
Mine just doesn't work."
"Can I see your wand movement?"
Elaine asked.
Harry demonstrated.
"Looks good enough, though I think the last swirl can be a bit tighter.
The focus behind the charm's a bit tricky, though.
It's sort of like with the human-revealing charm we did yesterday.
You need to focus on seeing your surroundings."
Perhaps that was the problem Harry had been having before.
He had always been focusing on some enchanted object whose structure he wanted to see.
He pointed his wand at Elaine.
"So can I cast it on you?"
She chuckled nervously.
"Well, I s'pose that'd be fair," she agreed.
"Structuram vedo!"
Elaine recoiled a bit, suggesting that something, at least, had happened.
She straightened out a moment later and gave a thumbs up.
"It worked.
Well, about the same as mine.
Can't really see much," she said.
"What now?"
Harry asked.
"So according to this book," said Elaine, tapping the first book on the desk, "you can practise refining the spell by tuning out certain sorts of magic, like by trying to ignore weak or short-term spells."
"I don't think that's going to work here.
I bet Hogwarts is long-term spells all over, and that's why we can't see anything," Harry pointed out.
Also, he realised somewhat belatedly, his own spectacles were probably heavily charmed, and were in effect blocking his vision.
He quickly removed them and set them on a nearby desk.
"That's a good point," Elaine muttered.
"So let's just do the reverse.
Tune out long-term magic."
Doing that was more difficult than it seemed, as Harry found it unnatural to think of less-powerful magic as brighter than more-powerful magic.
If one tried to think of it purely in terms of duration, all magic, however, long-term, had some sort of expiration date, so without preexisting knowledge of how long this or that spell ought to last, the tuning was very inexact.
"I still don't see anything," Harry said after the tenth or so time Elaine had attempted to block out everything except a simple colour-changing charm on one of the desks.
"Maybe it'll be easier if we cast it on ourselves?"
"Maybe," she said.
Harry tried the spell on himself and was again plunged into a sea of silvery light.
An idea suddenly came to him—why couldn't he cast the spell again while it was already active?
That would at least cut down on the cancellation spells needed between attempts.
Then again, casting it on himself a second time, he could hardly tell if it had worked or not.
Everything still looked the same, namely uniformly bright.
He attempted to turn and look around, but found his balance precariously compromised, and so elected only to move his head.
Something in a different shade of grey caught his eye.
It was somewhere to his right, he thought, but otherwise it was impossible to place the location without any kind of depth perception.
There was a lumpy, dark oval, which presently lightened until it became rather invisible again, though Harry thought he could see flickers of tone or even colour there every few seconds.
Now that he tried it, in fact, he thought he could see flickering in the corner of his eye whenever he focused on a single spot.
Perhaps if he focused there, and cast the charm again...
The ordinary, if blurry world of colours and objects came back into view and Harry sighed, rubbing at his temples.
"This is tricky," Elaine said.
She was flipping through one of the books.
"Not helpful.
Everything after the first chapter assumes you're able to do this tuning out thing.
I'm getting a headache from looking at all this magic."
Seeing that Elaine was clearly ready to call it a day, Harry said, "Thanks for your help.
I'll stay here a bit longer."
"Good luck," Elaine said before slipping out the door.
Harry thought he had an idea as to what he had seen earlier.
He cast the spell again and then immediately looked down at his wand.
Indeed, there was a dark spot in the grey, which lightened and then disappeared within a moment.
Wands had all sorts of long-term, complex enchantments on them.
If he could distinguish his wand from the surroundings, that would be a good start.
Unfortunately, he couldn't seem to get past the phenomenon where his wand vanished moments after he cast the spell, and eventually gave up as the irritation in his eyes escalated to a stabbing pain.
He collected his glasses and one of the books and made for the exit.
Before he reached the door, however, the book wrenched itself out of his hands and flapped through the air like a bird until it reached its original shelf, where it landed with a thump.
Harry took that to mean that he was not permitted to remove it from the room.
He resolved to come back later, as there was no way he would be reading anything right now with his headache.
As he left, the door vanished behind him.
Suddenly struck by a thought, he spun around three times, thinking about the room with other people's rubbish that Draco had been searching for.
The door reappeared, and Harry pulled it open, grinning as he was met with an entirely new room, this one gargantuan, with a vaulted ceiling like a cathedral.
As promised, it was full of precarious towers of stuff.
He saw countless dusty cloaks, books, bits of parchment, broken toys, hats of every description, and even jewellery strewn about atop piles of cracked and rusted furniture.
Harry didn't think he'd seen ever seen so many broken things in one room, and, given that he'd regularly seen inside Dudley's second bedroom at 4 Privet Drive, that was saying something.
He glanced around for some non-dysfunctional souvenir that he might bring back, and his eye caught on something shiny in the corner.
It was underneath a large, raised armoire with one of its legs broken off.
He shuffled over to it and saw that it was a round, handheld mirror.
Casting a quick spell-revealing charm, which told him that it was heavily enchanted, but not cursed, he deemed it safe enough and picked it up.
Catching a glimpse of Professor Quirrell's pale, turbaned visage, he dropped it almost immediately and whirled around, but of course there was nobody there.
A moment later rational thought reasserted itself and he figured that the mirror was a foe glass, like the one Petri kept in what passed for the parlour of their coffin.
He took another look.
As with Petri's foe glass, this one did not reflect him at all, and showed only his enemies.
Professor Quirrell, while a little blurry, was in full colour, which meant that he was nearby and threatening.
There were some other indistinct shadows in the background.
Petri seemed to have faded from Harry's list of enemies, he noted dubiously, and also Silviu was distinctly absent.
Perhaps the glass was faulty.
It had after all been lying in a pile of rubbish.
He pocketed it anyway and returned to the Ravenclaw common room to finish up some homework.
Tomorrow, he reflected glumly, was Monday again and that meant new homework, most likely, and worse, much more of Professor Quirrell than he cared to see.
It was bad enough that they had Defence nearly every day; the after-hours meeting, or lesson, or whatever it was, that Harry had been coerced into attending made it positively dreadful.
Defence Against the Dark Arts wasn't so bad, if one discounted the part where Professor Quirrell managed to make no sense whatsoever and contradict himself multiple times while lecturing on how curses differed from other spells.
Harry thought the single-page treatment in the textbook was more informative, which was just depressing.
At least the professor had no opportunity to pay Harry any extra attention during the lesson.
That evening was another story.
Professor Quirrell missed dinner entirely, so Harry had some reprieve with his roast chicken and potatoes before he had to trudge up to the third floor.
When he knocked on Professor Quirrell's office door, there was no response.
Just as he was wondering if it would be acceptable for him to consider it a no-show and leave, he was suddenly assaulted by a pungent garlic odour and with it, the sight of the professor coming around the corner.
It was the wrong corner, Harry thought.
He must have come from beyond the door that was mysteriously out of bounds.
Harry had asked around, but even the prefects did not know why the left-hand side of the corridor had been decreed forbidden.
Apparently, it had happened suddenly after the winter holidays last year, with no accompanying explanation.
"Mr P-Potter, g-good evening," said Professor Quirrell, and Harry immediately felt the onset of a headache.
There was no way at this point that it was a coincidence that his head hurt in the man's presence, but according to Petri it had nothing to do with vampirism.
He wondered for a paranoid moment whether Professor Quirrell had somehow managed to curse him already on his very first day at Hogwarts, but then dismissed the idea.
What reason could he have had to do such a thing?
What reason did he have now to do whatever it was that he was doing?
Harry stepped back to allow Professor Quirrell to pass him and unlock the office door.
"Good evening, sir," he mumbled.
Professor Quirrell held open the door and waved him inside.
"I was, I was thinking," the professor began, "Y-you might want to learn some stronger spells.
Say, dueling spells, maybe, so you can hunt down that vampire."
Harry frowned, something having just occurred to him.
"But sir, why can't I just report it to the aurors?"
Professor Quirrell looked quite surprised.
"Why, why didn't you report it to the aurors?
I assumed you did, and, and they did nothing."
It was awkward to have that escape strategy turned around on him, and Harry wasn't sure how to respond for a moment.
He finally went with the truth.
"I er, didn't think of it until just now."
"It's probably too late now," Professor Quirrell said.
Somehow, even though he spoke very solemnly, Harry got the impression that he was actually rather amused.
"Even if you don't end up seeing that v-vampire ever again, you c-could have some, some peace of mind if you knew how to d-defend yourself."
Unfortunately, Professor Quirrell did have a good point.
Hadn't Harry already found himself in multiple situations where it would have been nice to know some more offensive spells than the fire-making or severing charms, which literally did not even count as jinxes?
He knew the Enemy's Curse, he supposed, but he still wasn't confident he could trust it to work without an actual enemy in mind.
"Like what kind of spells?"
he asked.
"Did you practise the Enemy's Curse?"
Professor Quirrell asked.
"I couldn't think of an enemy," Harry lied.
"Oh, of course," said Professor Quirrell, though he sounded rather surprised.
"But, that's easily remedied.
Have you, have you heard of a foe glass?"
In fact, Harry had the one from the rubbish room in his pocket, and he supposed it would have worked to identify his enemy for him, had he had doubts.
He remembered that he had a question about it, and so he took it out and showed it to Professor Quirrell, carefully not looking into it.
He had no desire to see how terrifying the professor's face would look up close in its twisted, high-definition mirror world.
"I have one right here.
I think it's broken, though.
I can't see anything in it," he said.
"Not even the vampire."
"Vampires aren't visible in silvered mirrors," Professor Quirrell said, immediately diagnosing the problem.
He took the offered glass and peered into it.
Then he glanced quickly at Harry, as if startled, before his expression smoothed out again.
"P-perhaps this one really is broken, though."
"You don't see anything either, sir?"
Harry asked, the gears in his mind already whirring as the professor shook his head.
The foe glass probably was functional, after all, if Silviu was meant to be absent.
That meant that Professor Quirrell was lying.
It didn't take much of a leap of logic to suspect that Professor Quirrell had seen Harry in the mirror.
The man obviously had it out for him for some reason.
But it was impossible to "eavesdrop" and find out another person's enemies by looking into the mirror at the same time, so why had Professor Quirrell bothered to lie?
It didn't make any sense.
"Perhaps we should try a different c-curse," the professor said, returning the foe glass, which Harry pocketed again.
Harry nodded and waited, all ears for this new curse.
"It's c-called the c-conjunctivitis curse.
It makes the target's eyes swell swell painfully so they c-cannot open them.
G-good on vampires since they use their eyes to cast magic.
And there's no c-counter-c-curse.
You have to drink a p-potion," Professor Quirrell explained.
Actually, that did sound very useful, and the lack of countercurse meant it might actually be effective against the likes of Silviu.
"The incantation is oculi tumescunt.
I will c-conjure something and show you.
Serpensortia."
Professor Quirrell twirled his wand and a garden snake flopped out of the tip and landed on his desk.
He promptly cast the curse at it—evidently the wand movement was a very simple forward jab.
Harry did not see anything happen, exactly—the snake's eyes were rather small—but a few moments after the curse hit the reptile raised its head slightly flicked its fork tongue in agitation.
"Dark," said small voice, "Can't see.
Pain!
Danger!"
"Is it talking?"
Harry blurted.
"If it didn't talk, how would you know if the curse worked?"
said Professor Quirrell sensibly.
"It's not sentient is it?"
Harry asked, just in case.
"It's conjured," said Professor Quirrell simply, and Harry nodded.
Magic could not create will, only an approximation of it.
As the curse could not be easily cancelled, Professor Quirrell had to vanish the snake a moment later and conjure a new one for Harry to practise on.
Harry was not exactly sure what he should be imagining, as he was not well-acquainted with the anatomy of snake eyes, but he supposed "can't see" and "pain" were probably in the right direction.
"Oculi tumescunt!"
he cried, trying to make a controlled jab.
Nothing happened.
He tried a few more times with a similar lack of results.
"You need intent," said Professor Quirrell.
"Perhaps..." He banished the garden snake and conjured a rather more threatening cobra to replace it.
"Attack him," Professor Quirrell suggested to the snake, and suddenly it shot off the table right at Harry, who stumbled backwards and found the small office now dangerously confining as his back hit the wall and crunched against some newspaper clippings.
Was this secretly some plot to "accidentally" kill him with a snake?
Harry tried to run at an oblique angle to avoid the bright ribbon of colour on the floor.
How was he supposed to aim?
"Oculi tumescunt!
Oculi tumescunt!"
At least now, there was definitely some kind of magic coming out of his wand, but he kept missing the snake as it came at him.
After another circuit around the office he finally wised up and aimed a foot ahead of it, striking true as it slithered up to meet the curse.
The snake continued to pursue him, apparently not much hindered.
"Stop," Professor Quirrell said, and the snake obligingly stopped.
Harry moved as far away as he could get from it and then paused as well to catch his breath and calm his thudding heart.
"It seems to have worked."
Harry had some choice words pent up for the professor, but decided to keep them to himself.
That hadn't been much worse than anything Petri might have done to motivate him, he supposed.
Instead, he said, "It worked?
How?
I wasn't really thinking about anything."
"Curses are different from ordinary charms," Professor Quirrell said, and Harry hoped this wasn't going to be a repeat of the disorganised morning lesson.
"The key distinction is the importance of willpower.
A curse brings the caster in direct conflict with the target, so it will only work if the will to inflict the curse is more forceful than the target's will to resist.
Put simply, you must mean it."
That made sense, Harry supposed.
It was also nothing like what he had heard earlier that day from the same man.
"That's not exactly what you said in class, sir," he said, feeling a little petulant.
"It's not the most standard view," said Professor Quirrell, "but I personally think it is the correct one."
"I see, sir," said Harry.
"Can I try again, er, without the attacking snake?"
"Of course," said Professor Quirrell, and obligingly conjured a less-threatening specimen.
Later, walking back to Ravenclaw Tower just before curfew, new curse under his belt and an agreement to meet every Monday evening, Harry realised suddenly that Professor Quirrell had made it through his entire explanation without stuttering once.
A/N: Uh, hi.
Sorry for not updating for ages, but here's a chapter.
I have no work ethic apparentl.
ach time they met, Professor Quirrell would start Harry on another useful curse or hex, and they all seemed to come to him quite naturally.
At least, he could make more progress on them in an evening than he'd made on his transfiguration spells all term.
Perhaps it was just the nature of personal instruction that facilitated learning.
In Charms class, they had already spent an untold number of weeks studying the swish and flick wand movement and breaking down the incantation of the levitation charm.
It wasn't the easiest charm ever, but Harry hardly remembered doing much more than reading its compendium entry and then practising it repeatedly in order to learn it.
Harry wasn't sure anymore that Professor Quirrell had put any sort of curse on him, after so long without incident.
He had jumped to that conclusion at first because it was the only reason he could think of for why the man had used the Evil Eye spell.
But after finally asking him for some help with the structure sight charm, which he and Elaine had still made little progress on after so much time, Harry discovered that Professor Quirrell had never even heard of it.
Before Harry knew it, October was coming to a close, and he was finding out first-hand the downside of learning so many spells in so short a time.
Namely, he was already forgetting the older ones.
"Look, I'm going to make house scarves for all my friends, and it won't be boring because I've got friends in all the houses so I can alternate," Hannah was saying as they lounged about in Harry and Vince's favourite empty classroom, which had become a common practice space for the first years in charms club.
Hannah had even decorated it with all the cross-stitch art she had made in the process of mastering the knitting charm and its alternative uses.
Presently she had set up a pair of knitting needles in a complicated arrangement of six spools of cycling yarn, and was directing them imperiously with her wand like the conductor of an orchestra.
Slowly but surely, the lower paws of what would presumably be a rearing golden lion appeared against a backdrop of maroon.
Harry had somehow still not managed to get around to owl ordering himself any yarn, and he hadn't touched his needles since the first week.
"I need to practise that," he muttered to himself.
"And the revealing charm, and sonorus..." Not to mention that he still had the exercises Petri had assigned him.
He still hadn't finished even the first one.
"I honestly don't remember most of the spells we talk about," said Hannah.
"There's just too many and we don't spend all that much time on them.
You just have to stick to the ones that you think are useful."
Harry knew intellectually that that made sense, but he didn't want to give up on any of his hard-earned knowledge.
Was this the reason why adult wizards often seemed to use only a few spells in their day to day lives?
It was disappointing and he refused to become like that.
"Maybe if I assign a day for practising each one every week, that'll work," he mumbled, and took out a piece of parchment to write down all the spells he he had already learned or begun working on in his first two months at Hogwarts.
The list was long, simultaneously depressingly and impressively so.
Only three of the spells on the list had come from class—the rest had been acquired through his extracurricular pursuits.
"Ravenclaws," said Neville, shaking his head.
"I can barely remember how to do the levitation charm."
"You're joking, right?"
Harry said, looking up.
"I swear I can recite the entry in the Standard Book of Spells by now, we've gone through it so many times.
I dunno why Professor Flitwick still hasn't had us cast it in class yet so we can finally move on.
It's criminal."
"Remember what he said about that Barrufio wizard getting a buffalo on his chest?"
Neville asked.
"Something like that's probably going to happen to me."
"He's only told the story a thousand times," Harry muttered.
"You'd have to be pretty distracted to get such an unrelated result, though, even if you said the incantation wrong.
It probably just won't work as well.
Maybe it would work anyway.
You know adults sometimes don't even say the incantation at all, right?"
Harry didn't think Petri had ever vocalised a single "accio" in his presence, despite his propensity for using the spell every ten seconds.
"Really?"
asked Neville.
"Isn't your gran a witch?"
"Well, she doesn't use magic much around the house," said Neville.
"You mean she actually uses her hands to get things?"
Harry asked, as if mystified.
Neville gave him a funny look, and Harry gathered that maybe there were witches and wizards who did not use their wands as a portable tractor beam.
"My uncle," he explained, "he summons things even when they're two feet away."
"Seems like a lot of effort for nothing," said Neville.
Harry frowned, having never really thought of it that way.
At what point did using magic become more difficult than doing something physically?
He had always considered magic to be a sort of panacea for mundane worries, which was rather silly actually, because he knew from first-hand experience how it could cause its own suite of problems.
But obviously, casting the summoning charm was for Petri at least as instinctive as moving his limbs.
Neville had a real point, however, that it wasn't exactly an easy charm.
Harry could still barely get it to work at the best of times.
He wondered how many years it would take before he got that proficient at it.
"My dad does that too," said Hannah.
"Drives my mum up the wall.
Oh no, no, bugger!"
She waved her wand frantically and her knitting clattered onto the chair she had been using as a makeshift workbench.
Putting her wand to the side, she went to untangle the mass of threads manually.
"Are those going to be Christmas presents?"
Neville asked her.
"Christmas isn't for months," said Vince.
"Yeah they are," Hannah confirmed.
"I'm starting now because they take a long time even with magic.
You should all expect one."
"I thought Christmas presents were supposed to be a surprise," said Neville.
"I hate surprises," said Hannah.
"Better to know so you can plan ahead.
I mean, what if someone already has a dozen scarves and doesn't want another one?
I need to know these things."
"I don't have any scarves," said Harry.
Instead, he had the hot-air charm, and whatever atmospheric charms Petri used to keep their coffin at a comfortable temperature all year round.
"You're weird," said Hannah, and nobody disagreed.
"You're weird," Vince told Hannah.
"Forget Christmas.
Halloween is tomorrow."
"Who cares about Halloween?"
Hannah said.
"It's a horrible holiday.
Ghosts come out everywhere and do creepy things."
"There's going to be a feast," Vince said firmly.
"A special feast with extra sweets."
"Maybe Professor Binns will take the day off," Harry said hopefully.
"Maybe he'll be extra boring to torment us more," Neville suggested.
Professor Binns, unfortunately, did not take Halloween off, nor did he give any indication that it was anything more than another ordinary Thursday.
On a positive note, Professor Flitwick finally decreed them ready to attempt the levitation charm.
Harry took advantage of the chaotic practical to work in some long-overdue practice at the animation enchantment.
He decided that the animation in question would be to float up and stay in place, exactly as if it were the levitation charm.
It was a sort of movement, and Harry saw no reason why he couldn't choose that movement instead of some other one.
So, ignoring the swish and flick that Professor Flitwick had spent a ridiculous amount of time drilling into their heads, Harry executed a by-now automatic swish-twirl and murmured, "Locomotor deleo."
His feather floated up into the air and stayed there, right up until Hermione said, at the top of her lungs, "Hey, how did you do that?
That wasn't even the right wand movement!"
Harry cringed and the feather drifted lifelessly back onto the desk.
It was too late.
Professor Flitwick was already coming their way.
"Oh, look!"
the diminutive professor cried excitedly.
"Good work.
Look here, someone's got it already.
Five points to Ravenclaw!
Could you demonstrate again?"
Harry thought Professor Flitwick had done an admirable job of not mentioning his name, which he had probably forgotten again.
Now that everybody's eyes were on him, Harry elected to cast the actual levitation charm.
"Wingardium leviosa!"
His feather floated up and Professor Flitwick clapped his hands together.
"Excellent!"
he said.
"That's not what you did before," Hermione whispered, though still rather loudly.
"I was practising something else," he told her.
"I already know the levitation charm.
Obviously."
Hermione huffed for no apparent reason and turned to focus intently on her own feather.
She executed a precise swish and flick and managed the charm perfectly, earning Gryffindor five points as well.
Harry blinked bemusedly and then returned to his animation enchantment.
Hopefully now he could practise in peace.
No such luck.
Now that Hermione had proven her own mastery of the charm, she began watching him again.
"Is that a variant of the animation charm?"
she asked.
"Not exactly.
It's an enchantment.
It's supposed to," he paused and turned back to his feather, almost surprised to see that it was still floating even though he had lost concentration.
"Well, it's supposed to do that.
Move on its own.
Wait, let me try again."
He cancelled his charm before reapplying it.
It failed twice more before he managed to get it to stick again.
"I think I'm getting it.
Finally."
"Enchantments, I've read about those," said Hermione.
"They last indefinitely.
But they're supposed to be super advanced.
Where did you learn it?"
"My uncle," Harry said.
"He's an enchanter."
"Oh.
Does that mean you learned spells before Hogwarts?"
She looked rather worried, and Harry guessed that she might think she was behind, which was ridiculous.
"A few," he said.
"Mostly theory."
Professor Flitwick, as it turned out, was sharper than he seemed, and stopped Harry on the way out, waving him over to his desk.
"Marvellous animation enchantment there," he said, grinning shrewdly in a way that reminded Harry uncomfortably of Nalrod Snipseed.
"I see you've been doing some extracurricular studying."
"Er, a bit sir," Harry said.
"Not to worry," said Professor Flitwick.
"I'm always thrilled to see my students developing a deeper interest in charms.
I just wanted to let you know that my door is always open if you run into any questions."
Of course, Harry thought.
Professor Flitwick was his head of house, and also a master of charms.
Somehow, that fact had wandered off and got lost in the back of his mind over the course of the past few weeks.
"Actually, I was having some trouble with something, sir," he said.
"It's the structure sight charm.
It just makes everything grey.
Would you have any advice about that?"
"Oh, structure sight?
As a matter of fact, I have just the thing.
My next class will be starting soon but why don't you come see me at my office hours later today?"
said Professor Flitwick.
"I will, sir, if I can.
Thanks.
I need to be getting to Transfiguration anyway."
After Transfiguration, Harry checked the Ravenclaw notice board and saw that Professor Flitwick's office hours this week were right after History of Magic.
He practically ran out of Binns's classroom the moment the lecture ended, darting past a confused Terry and an indignant Hermione, and barrelled down the nearest moving staircase before it had a chance to split from the landing.
He needn't have been in such a rush—Professor Flitwick was not even in his office when he arrived.
Harry stood in front of the door feeling a little foolish and catching his breath.
"Oh hello there," said Professor Flitwick as he came around the corner a minute later.
"Sorry I'm late.
Come in.
What was it, you said you needed help with the structure sight charm, correct?"
"Yes sir," said Harry, following him into his office.
It was larger than Professor Quirrell's, but felt twice as cramped, with the majority of the space occupied by a wide oak desk, and tall bookshelves and filing cabinets lining the walls.
There was a narrow gap between the shelves on the far wall that revealed a partially-blocked window, on the sill of which sat a somewhat wilted potted plant.
"It's a rather unintuitive charm, but the wandwork is simple enough.
The easiest way to learn it is really just to have somebody else cast it on you, and try to emulate them," Professor Flitwick said, pulling up one of the cushioned chairs in front of his desk and gesturing for Harry to take the other.
Harry remembered that Elaine had mentioned much the same thing, but it somehow had not occurred to either of them that that meant the person doing the casting ought to have already mastered the charm.
In retrospect, that should have been obvious.
"Ready?"
said Professor Flitwick, and Harry nodded.
"Structuram vedi!"
He watched with surprise as the professor waved his wand in a rather different and more complicated way than what he and Elaine had been doing.
Had their wand movement been off the entire time?
Harry thought the incantation sounded a little different as well.
Then he couldn't see anything but a kaleidoscope of colours.
As he made an effort to focus, however, objects, if stretched and warped in a strange way, began to emerge from the mess and gain some coherency.
He was fairly sure that Professor Flitwick was the gigantic bright splotch of oranges and golds that pulsated and swirled dizzyingly at the forefront of his vision.
He still had no depth perception.
"How do you figure out what everything is?"
Harry asked.
Professor Flitwick chuckled.
"That's the hard part," he said.
"Trial and error, mostly.
In my spell I use yellow for static magic, red for kinetic, and blue for alteration, broadly.
You can choose whatever colours and be as specific as you like.
Are you familiar with spell classifications?"
"Sort of," said Harry.
"I think I know the charms one you're using, sir."
"Oh, very good.
Once you've got a good look at what everything ought to be like, you can try to cast the spell yourself and see if you can distinguish some of the magic," said Professor Flitwick.
Harry stared at the colourful vision for another minute before he decided that there was nothing more to gain from looking, and cast the cancellation charm on himself.
"Oh, finite, excellent," said Professor Flitwick.
"My, you do seem to know quite a few charms.
May I ask if you've had a tutor?"
"Er, my uncle, sir.
He's an enchanter."
"And you're following in his footsteps already, I see."
"I suppose," said Harry.
"Sir, I was wondering, I noticed your wand movement isn't like the description in the Complete Compendium of Charms.
And the incantation you used, too."
"Don't worry about that," said Professor Flitwick.
"It was because I was casting the spell on you rather than myself.
The extra wand movements help with focus."
"But I've cast it on someone else before with the normal incantation and movement," Harry said.
"Ah so you've got a partner in crime!
And yes, that does work, but the alternate version is better suited to it."
"Yeah, I was practising with Elaine Frobisher.
She's in Gryffindor," Harry said.
"The president of charms club, isn't she?"
Professor Flitwick said, beaming.
"One of my best NEWT students too.
You're a member of charms club then?"
Harry nodded.
"Marvellous," said Professor Flitwick.
"Well, go on, try the spell."
Harry pointed his wand at himself and tried the charm.
Everything went grey and yellow, which was a huge improvement over just grey.
"I got yellow!"
he said.
"I mean, I see some yellow now too."
It was a far cry from the level of detail that Professor Flitwick's charm had shown him, but he felt like he finally knew what he was doing.
"Thank you, professor."
There was a knock on the office door then.
Harry cancelled his charm.
"Oh, I'll get going then," he said.
"Did you have any other questions?"
asked Professor Flitwick.
"No, that was all, thanks again, sir."
"You're welcome any time.
Even if it isn't my office hours—just send me a note!"
Harry nodded and made for the door, holding it open to allow the older Ravenclaw student on the other side to enter.
He headed to the usual practice room and found Vince already there, playing some card game with Draco and Goyle.
Given that they were all Slytherins, it was odd that they were here rather than in their common room.
As he entered, Vince glanced up and waved.
"Harry, I was looking for you," he said.
His entire hand of cards promptly exploded on him and singed one of his eyebrows off.
Goyle guffawed and threw down his cards on the chair they had been using as a table, apparently having won.
"Good job at looking," Harry said, giving their game setup a sceptical once-over.
Judging by the amount of soot on the floor, they had been at it for a while.
"Waiting," Vince amended.
"Figured you'd come up here sooner or later.
My mates need some help and I told them you'd be the one."
"Help with what?"
asked Harry, glancing over to Draco.
Draco was a hundred percent the brains of any operation involving this particular trio.
"We need a charm to unlock things," said Draco.
"Things?"
Harry repeated.
"Such as doors," Draco clarified.
"So you need the unlocking charm," said Harry, laughing internally at the rather constipated expression on Draco's thin face.
"You could ask Professor Flitwick," he could not resist adding.
"He's always happy when students show extra interest in Charms."
"But you know the charm, don't you?"
Draco said insistently.
Harry nodded.
"What door do you need me to unlock?"
Whatever it was, it sounded illicit.
"Er, could you just show me the charm?"
Draco asked.
"Sure," said Harry, "but you'd owe me one, and I want to know what you're going to use it for.
That's fair, isn't it?"
"You can't tell anybody else," said Draco, after a moment of consideration.
"Of course I won't," Harry agreed.
"The forbidden door, that one on the third floor," Draco told him.
"Alright, and you've got to tell me what you find," Harry said instantly, curiosity kindled.
It hadn't occurred to him before to bother seeing behind the door for himself.
Things were usually forbidden for a reason.
But if Draco wanted to stick his neck out to find out, well, that was an entirely different matter.
"Fine," said Draco.
He hesitated a moment, and then said, "My father says the headmaster might be hiding something really dangerous behind there."
"Dangerous?"
said Harry sceptically.
"In a school?"
"Remember, he said at the start of term that it's forbidden if we didn't want to die a horrible death.
That sounds pretty dangerous to me," Draco argued.
Harry remembered no such thing, but he supposed he had missed most of the announcements that evening on account of his trip to the hospital wing.
"And you want to go in there?"
"We're not going in," Draco said quickly.
"Just looking.
I was thinking, with the Halloween feast, all the teachers will be distracted."
Harry shrugged.
"Whatever.
So the unlocking charm goes like this.
The incantation is alohamora."
He demonstrated the charm on the window latch, and to Draco's credit, he was a quick study and picked it up reliably after a few tries.
"You lot are really going to go to look behind a door instead of the feast?"
Harry muttered to Vince, who shared a commiserating look with Goyle and then turned back to nod.
"Draco says we'll be done quick and have plenty of time to make it to the feast after," he explained, but didn't sound very convinced.
Harry, for his part, went down to the feast with the rest of the Ravenclaw first years, who claimed the far end of the table as usual.
The Great Hall was decorated quite festively with black streamers, live (or at least animated) bats, and pumpkin and turnip lanterns with suitably demonic visages in place of the usual floating candles.
The golden plates and platters had been replaced with polished silver.
For some reason, there were no ghosts present, not even the house ghosts that usually skulked about, despite Hannah's claim that they featured prominently during this holiday.
"I can see my face in this," Terry said, peering at his plate.
"How long do you reckon it took the house elves to get them this shiny?"
Harry looked into his own plate, but all he saw was the bright glare of reflected candlelight.
"Seems like a waste when we're just going to get it dirty again," said Anthony.
"By that logic you'd never clean anything," Lisa said.
Anthony shrugged, wisely electing not to take the bait.
Lisa looked a bit disappointed at the lack of ensuing debate, but cheered up quickly enough when all the food spontaneously appeared.
A delectable, buttery aroma wafted immediately through the hall.
Harry reached eagerly for a meat pie and some bread, after confirming that they were uninterested in escaping his grasp.
Out of habit, he glanced up at the head table, which was fuller than he had seen it since the first night.
There was even a professor he'd never seen before, a skeletally thin woman draped in multiple semi-transparent shawls and wearing absurdly gigantic spectacles.
Professor Quirrell, Harry noticed, was conspicuously absent.
Harry was mentally calculating whether he had enough stomach room for another roll before dessert when the doors to the Great Hall flew open with a bang and the previously missing Professor Quirrell barrelled inside, panting like he'd run a marathon.
He sprinted up to Professor Dumbledore on wobbly legs.
"Troll!
In the dungeons!
Thought you ought to know," he cried, before slumping forward against the table and then collapsing to the floor.
The hall erupted into pandemonium.
Professor Dumbledore stood up and raised his wand, shooting sparks out of it with a bang.
"Prefects, lead your houses to their common rooms.
Professors, with me," he said gravely.
Harry glanced towards the Slytherin table and confirmed that he did not see Vince, Draco, or Goyle anywhere.
He looked around helplessly.
The prefects had moved to the front of the Ravenclaw table and were ushering everybody into a single queue so they could evacuate the Great Hall in an orderly fashion.
Professor Dumbledore and his entourage of teachers had left already, leaving only a still-insensate Professor Quirrell who had been propped up against the head table.
Harry shook his head.
He had no choice.
In the chaos of students streaming up the grand stair, he broke away from the rest of the Ravenclaws and ducked behind the bend as they reached the third floor.
There was suddenly silence, as if he had stepped into a different world.
The corridor was well-lit, threateningly so, and Harry's gaze darted around in agitation as he skulked down it, moving ever closer to the forbidden door.
His heart skipped a beat as voices reached his ears.
The arc of the corridor saved him.
He ducked into the side hall that led to Professor Quirrell's office, out of sight behind a suit of armour, just as an irate Professor Snape stalked past with three pale and chastised Slytherins in tow.
"You're lucky that it was me who found you," Professor Snape hissed darkly.
"Anybody else and you'd be on your way to being expelled.
Your parents will be hearing about this."
Harry held his breath, his heart threatening to explode, when Professor Snape paused for a moment and glanced suspiciously down the corridor.
Then the man sneered and continued onward.
Harry did not dare move from his hiding place for a full minute.
Stupid, stupid, he thought to himself.
Why had he run off so foolishly on his own?
What if the troll had found him?
Harry shook his head.
It was supposed to be in the dungeons and he was all the way up on the third floor.
By that logic, though, there was no reason for him to try to alert Vince and his friends at all.
They had got into trouble anyway, and almost dragged Harry down with them.
Just as he finally felt safe enough to stand up, the sound of more footsteps sent him right back into a crouch.
He peered between the armour's metallic legs and saw Professor Quirrell coming around the bend.
Was he returning to his office?
That would take him right past the suit of armour where Harry would stick out of its shadow like a sore thumb.
But no, it was even worse.
Professor Quirrell paused at the edge of the corridor, glanced around nervously, and then took out his wand and waved it in a very familiar way.
"Homenum revelio," he muttered firmly.
Figuring that he was done for anyway, Harry stepped out from behind the armour, cursing internally.
Why hadn't they learned the counter to this charm, rather than the charm itself?
Professor Quirrell whipped around with shocking alacrity to point his wand at Harry's chest, but slowly lowered it when he saw who it was.
"Mr P-Potter.
What are you doing here?
You should be with the rest of your house in your c-common room," he said.
Harry could not think of a plausible enough lie, and anyway Vince and his friends had got caught already, so he said, "My friends weren't at the feast, so I came to look for them."
"B-behind a suit of armour?"
Professor Quirrell asked wryly, though rather than amused, Harry sensed the man seemed quite consternated, for whatever reason.
"Er, Professor Snape already found them," Harry said.
Since Professor Quirrell had not instantly taken points or assigned detention, he went for a distraction.
"Sir, are you all right?
I mean, after, er, fainting."
"I'm q-quite all right.
My c-constitution just isn't so g-good.
Thank you for your c-concern.
I still have to assign you detention, but let's make it Monday evening.
The usual.
How about that?
You just return to your c-common room now," said Professor Quirrell.
Understanding the leniency he had been granted, Harry nodded, but then hesitated.
"Sir, the troll is still out there.
Maybe I can stay in your office with you until they catch it?
I won't get in the way."
Harry flinched slightly as a flash of rage passed inexplicably across the professor's face, but it was gone a moment later and he looked thoughtful instead.
Finally, he nodded.
"Yes, yes, of c-course you're right.
C-come with me."
To Harry's surprise, Professor Quirrell did not move towards his office, but instead continued to the end of the corridor, where the forbidden door was.
"I'm, I'm just securing the forbidden corridor," Professor Quirrell told him.
"Wouldn't want the troll to g-get in here."
Harry nodded.
Perhaps Professor Snape had run into Professor Quirrell on the way to the Slytherin common room and traded tasks with him.
Professor Quirrell was casting a variety of nonverbal spells at the door with complicated wand movements.
Harry wondered how Draco had even thought it was plausible that a single unlocking charm was going to get him past real protective enchantments.
Harry frowned.
Professor Quirrell was looking increasingly frustrated.
Was there something wrong?
Finally, the professor lowered his wand and simply reached out to open the door.
It swung out with a loud creak, and he peered behind it, before very quickly slamming it shut, looking even paler than he had before.
"What?"
Harry blurted, rubbing absently at his forehead where he had felt a sudden stab of pain.
"It was unlocked," said Professor Quirrell in horrified wonder.
Harry blinked.
Had Draco actually managed to unlock the door before Professor Snape had come around?
"Colloportus," said Professor Quirrell, and "Protego horribilis."
"Did somebody go inside?"
Harry asked.
"No, no, it doesn't seem like it," said Professor Quirrell.
"Let's go to my office."
"Alright," Harry agreed, somewhat confused.
He was sure that Professor Quirrell was lying, somehow.
Why had he been so shaken up by whatever was behind that door?
It wasn't against the rules to ask, was it?
"Why is that corridor forbidden, anyway, sir?"
Professor Quirrell looked at him thoughtfully as he held open the door to his office, still shaking a little.
Finally he said, "The headmaster is storing something valuable there, and he has placed protections to keep out thieves."
"Why not store it in Gringotts?"
Harry asked.
The goblins obviously had a tough enough stance on thieves, and goblin magic was indecipherable to wizards.
"He trusts himself above anything else," said Professor Quirrell, which Harry supposed made sense, given how formidable of a wizard Professor Dumbledore was said to be.
"I see," said Harry.
"How long do you think it will take them to find the troll, sir?"
"I don't know," said Professor Quirrell, sitting down behind his desk heavily.
They remained in somewhat tense silence for a few minutes before the professor suddenly looked up.
"Mr P-Potter, if I may ask, do you still have that, that book?"
What book?
Well, he supposed that was easy—besides his textbooks, he had only one other book of his own at Hogwarts, namely the arcane book on sympathetic magic that Nic had sent him.
"The Hieroglyphical Figures one?
Yes, sir," he said a little cautiously.
"Would you bring it t-to our session on Monday?"
asked Professor Quirrell, providing no context.
Harry supposed it would be rather awkward to refuse.
"Er, sure, sir," he agreed.
"What for?"
"I wanted to show you a new c-curse that's more, more challenging.
Th-there are some useful passages in that book that might, might help you with it," said the professor.
Harry nodded.
"What curse is it, sir?
Maybe I can read up on it beforehand," Harry said.
"Y-you won't find this c-curse in the library.
V-vampires have a special type of magic, and this c-curse disables it for a moment," Professor Quirrell told him.
"Sympathetic magic?"
Harry demanded, and Professor Quirrell nodded, looking surprised.
That was right.
He hadn't been able to find anything on sympathetic magic in the library.
"Why aren't there other books on it?"
"Research on sympathetic magic is highly restricted," said Professor Quirrell.
"It's g-generally considered dark magic."
"Oh," Harry murmured.
That explained some things, but opened up even more questions.
Wasn't goblin metalwork also sympathetic magic?
"Why?"
"G-good question.
Why indeed?"
said Professor Quirrell, but did not elaborate.
The hour grew late, and there was still no word on the troll.
Eventually, Professor Quirrell concluded that the danger must be long past, and graciously walked Harry back to his common room, where they found Professor Flitwick, the prefects, and the Head Girl in wait, all half-furious and half-relieved to find that he was all right, and had been with Professor Quirrell the entire time.
A/N: Oof, long update wait again.
Thank you guys for putting up with my laziness.
