Part 1 of the "Here We Go" Series Hi and welcome to the prologue to "Where Do We Go From Here?" (the full-length story). The prologue and subsequent story are both inspired by the one-shot of the same title (currently available on AO3). Reading the one-shot is unnecessary, but you might find it a fun read. I hope you enjoy this slice of life, slow-build of friends to lovers story. Week 48 Hermione stared at the neatly written note: Sorry, can't make it. Reschedule for next week? She scrunched up the parchment and tossed it into the bin. Was it so hard to get her boyfriend to meet up with her parents for dinner? She played with the ends of her braid. Was he purposely avoiding this meeting? This was the third time he's had to cancel dinner plans with her parents. They've been dating for five months. It seemed like a reasonable time to introduce Ryan to them. Wasn't it? She crossed her arms over her chest. Maybe it was too soon. "Knock, knock." Timothy Ainsworth, the Goblin Office Liaison and Hermione's coworker, knocked on the open door of her office. "The meeting is going to start. Mr. Sterling won't be happy if you're late." She pushed herself away from her desk and grabbed the folder containing the latest statistics coming from the House-Elf Liaison office. "What's got you in a mood?" Ainsworth gave her a sideways glance. She sighed. "Nothing." He scoffed. "Sure, nothing." He leaned toward her. "Just a warning, Mr. Sterling looks a little restless, so no wise remarks." She smirked. "Me, wise remarks? I don't think so." Hermione and Ainsworth walked into the meeting room. Hermione took her seat beside Daphne Greengrass, the only employee in the Office of Misinformation. "I like the color you have on your nails today, Granger," Daphne commented. Hermione glanced at the pink coloring of her nails. "Thank you." A tall, dark-haired man stormed into the meeting room. His brown eyes roamed around the room. Mr. Sterling had arrived and looking paler than usual. "Good, everyone is here. Madam Kane and I have an announcement to make." He settled himself at the end of the table. "The Minister for Magic has agreed to our request to write an improved legislation regarding werewolves." Hermione perked up in her seat. The Minister had finally listened to their petition? "Granger, Ainsworth, Hayashi, you three will be working along with me in writing the initial draft. We'll have another meeting to go over the details. Next item of business," he pivoted to the next point on the agenda, "a new round of applications for those wishing to join the department have been submitted. Madam Kane, Mrs. Fawley and I will be going over prospective prospects. So, you'll be seeing people shuffle through the department." Mr. Sterling moved to another topic and another. He adjourned the meeting by asking for their reports and bidding them a good morning. Hermione returned to her office after that whirlwind of a meeting. At her desk, she scribbled out some notes to her friends. She didn't want to spend the night alone. Harry scanned over the note. Hermione's familiar script stretched across the parchment. "Ron did you -" Ron held up a similar note. "You reckon something happened?" Harry shrugged, pushing his glasses up the bridge of his nose. "Nothing bad, I hope." He stuffed Hermione's note into his inner cloak pocket. "I'm heading out with Castle. You'll be alright here?" Ron waved him off. "I'll see you later at Hermione's place." Harry slipped out of the office he shared with Ron and Neville and headed toward the lifts. Danielle Castle, senior Auror, was waiting beside one of the lifts. Tonks stood beside her, her hair taking on a lilac color today. "Ready, Potter?" He nodded. As if anyone could be ready when going to Azkaban Prison was on their list of things to do. Tonks gripped his shoulder and offered him a small smile. "You want to come over for dinner today? Teddy's been asking for you." He shook his head. "Love too but I'm heading to Hermione's place later." She quirked an eyebrow. "Oh?" He rolled his eyes and shoved her shoulder softly. "It's not like that." "Mmhmm. Sometime soon then. I'll make Sirius drag you to the house. Bring Hermione too." Tonks waved them goodbye. Harry followed Castle into the designated lift and took a deep breath. "Don't worry yourself too much, Potter," Castle attempted to appease him. "We should be in and out. We won't linger." Harry stuffed his hands in his cloak pocket. He hated his work cloak. The black color suited him well but more often than not he felt like he was wearing a costume. He gave Castle a curt nod. "It's never easy heading to Azkaban." She shook her head. "It never is." The lift stopped in a dimly lit alcove far from the atrium. They stepped into a tall fireplace and flooed out of the ministry of magic. Moments later, they stepped out of the fireplace in the small cottage that worked as Azkaban Prison's security checkpoint. "Darrow," Castle greeted the wizard behind the desk, who was writing furiously across a paper with a dull pencil. He sat up in his seat. "Auror Castle, Auror Potter, I'll inform the guards of your arrival." "Thank you, Mr. Darrow." Harry and Castle stepped out of the cottage and into the ever-present mist that hovered over the island that housed the prison. Upon entering the prison, they were greeted by another guard, Logan McArthur, who Harry was sure fancied the Auror standing beside him. Castle flashed him a grin and McArthur visibly gulped. "Gorecki has been placed in room 103 for questioning." "Thank you, Mr. McArthur." Castle strode past him. They reached the room and switched places with the guards inside. The scruffy haired man sitting in the chair looked at them with disdain. His cuffs were attached to the table but Harry was sure if he had more leeway, Gorecki would be leaning back in his chair with his feet up on the table. "Auror Castle, Auror Potter," he sneered. "What a nice surprise." Harry took a deep breath and closed his eyes. Visualizing the space he wanted to disapparate too. Hermione's sitting room came to mind. The brown sofa, the blue rug in front of the front door. He suddenly felt grateful for the invitation to come over. He needed his friend's company after a tough day. He took another breath and disapparated. The sound of apparition was drowned out by the music blaring from Hermione's stereo. "A whole new world! A new fantastic point of view!" Harry looked around and found her lying on the floor in front of the telly, her arms, and legs spread wide. She sat up and turned down the stereo. "Glad you could come over. Is Ron coming?" "Yes." Harry slid his jacket off and tossed it over the armchair, walking around the sofa and laying down on the floor beside her. "What's this song?" She laid back down. "A Whole New World from Aladdin." He kicked his shoes off and pushed them away. "Never heard of it." She whipped her head to the side. "You've never seen Aladdin?" He shook his head. She groaned. "We'll watch it later." Harry stared at the ceiling. "So, weren't you supposed to have that big dinner tonight? You, your parents and what's-his-name?" Hermione didn't answer. She kept singing under her breath. Did she hear him? "Hermione?" "Ryan canceled," she said softly. "Again." Harry reached out and squeezed her hand. "I'm sorry, Hermione." She sighed and moved slightly closer, nudging her head into his shoulder. "I don't know how I'm supposed to think or feel about this." "How you're supposed to - well, what do you think or feel?" "I'm mad," she spat out. "I'm sad that he keeps doing this. It makes me wonder if he has any desire to meet them. Is he nervous? I've told him all about them. My parents are friendly!" Harry nodded in agreement. Howard and Nicole Granger always welcomed him into their home with warm hugs and good food. Howard was the one he liked to talk football with and listened with a kind smile whenever Harry spouted off about Quidditch. Nicole always made his favorite food and always seemed to have a new shirt for him whenever he came by - because she thought he'd like it. "They're not complicated," Hermione continued, "they like going on walks and museums as much as they like going to symphonies and rock concerts or camping." Ron appeared by the front of the door. Harry waved at him and pointed at the space beside Hermione. Ron's brows rose in concern. He stepped around the couch and laid down on Hermione's other side. "Like, I understand getting nervous. I was nervous whenever someone introduced me to their parents, but it didn't stop me from meeting them." She turned toward Ron. "What do you do when someone asks you to meet their parents?" "Freak out a little bit," Ron answered. Hermione glowered. Ron chuckled. "Come on, Hermione." He patted her thigh. "It's a big step, meeting someone's parents. It means they're interested in making the relationship work long-term." "So, if someone keeps pushing off the 'meet the parents' does that mean they're not interested in a long-term relationship?" Ron stiffened. "Well, not necessarily, but sometimes." "It's not like I'm asking him to marry me," she grumbled. "Is Ryan a pureblood?" Harry asked. "No, he's a half-blood, but his family sticks mainly to the wizarding world." "Maybe that's it," Harry traced the inside of her forearm, "he could be feeling nervous about meeting muggles." "But, I'm not throwing him out into the middle of the muggle world. It's just a quiet dinner with my parents. All three meetings were going to happen here." "This isn't fair," she said after a few moments of silence. "I'm sorry, Hermione," Harry whispered. Ron leaned his head on her shoulder. "Sorry, Mione." Thanks for reading! This story is also available on AO3.
Week 47 Hermione sat at her small kitchen table and applied her makeup. Harry and Ron sat in her living room, playing on her Nintendo Gamecube. "So, you're meeting the parents!" Ron called out. He moved side to side, attempting to control his race car even though the control was in his hands. "His parents," she emphasized as she finished applying mascara. She made no comment about the canceled dinner the week before. "You nervous?" Harry asked, leaning forward slightly, his eyes trained on the telly. "Yes." She carefully put on her lipstick and then stuffed her makeup away and taking it back to her bedroom. She picked up her perfume and spritzed it over herself. She walked back right as Harry jumped to his feet with a triumphant yell. "How do I look?" Hermione stood behind the couch. Her navy blue dress stopped mid-calf and pinched slightly at the waist. Ron kicked Harry and then turned, leaning over the back of the couch. "You look beautiful, Hermione." He made a circle in the air with his finger. "Alright, make a turn." She turned, her heels sounding softly against the wood floor. Harry smiled. His eyes fall on her bare collar bone and the silver chain necklace he remembered her parents gifting her at her last birthday. "Ron's right, you look beautiful." She smiled brilliantly and squeezed Harry's arm. "You two are the best. Alright, I'm heading out. Stay as long as you want. Just make sure everything is off and locked when you leave and don't mind Crookshanks." "We know the drill, Hermione," Harry watched her walk around the room. "Have a good night," she called out before she disapparated. Harry stared at the empty space for a few moments before sitting back down. "Bloody hell," Ron muttered, "her boyfriend is a lucky bloke." Harry picked out a new racing course. "You had your chance, Ron." "I know and I don't regret it. Ending it and I don't regret being her boyfriend. It was good for both of us, I think." "But," Harry sensed his friend wasn't finished. "But," Ron picked up, "I can't help wondering, every now and then, what could have been. Don't you wonder?" "What could have been between you and Hermione? No." He picked the next cup on their racing game. Well, perhaps he did at some point. He thought they were a done deal, but apparently, he was wrong. "Not me and Hermione." Ron rolled his eyes. "You and Hermione." He choked. "Me? What about me?" Ron groaned. "Don't you ever wonder what could happen between you and Hermione? You know, if you ever got together." "No," Harry snapped. "She's my friend." "She's my friend too." Ron jabbed at the control. Then he began to laugh. "Don't lie. I know you have. I think everyone does at some point or another, think about what it would be like to date a friend. It's just a few of us who go through with it." Harry didn't answer him. They played a few more cups on Mario Kart before they called it a night. Ron headed home while Harry made sure everything was put back in place, turning off the telly and lights. He gave Crookshanks a quick goodbye, checked the locks, and disapparated. He arrived outside his girlfriend's door. It was late, but he knew Carlie would be up. So, he knocked and within moments the door opened. Black smudged blue eyes peeked around the doorframe. "Hey, Harry!" She pulled the door open and planted a firm kiss on his mouth. Her dirty blonde hair was pulled into a high pony-tail and she looked dressed to go out. "I thought you weren't going to make it." She stepped into the flat before he could question her. "Are you heading to the pub like that?" She swiped on some lip gloss. "You know, if you'd kept some clothes here we wouldn't have to worry about how you look when we go out." He rubbed the back of his neck. He'd forgotten Carlie had planned on going out for drinks. He glanced down at his black slacks and a navy blue work shirt. "This will work." She looked over her shoulders. Her eyes roamed over his figure. "Yeah, it'll work." This wasn't really how he wanted to start his day. Harry cringed as he held back Carlie's hair and looked away as she puked into the toilet. He scrunched his nose at the sight and sound. He was constantly telling her she shouldn't drink so much, downing drink after drink until she was completely pissed and blacking out. And here they were again - with her head glued to the toilet. Another morning. Same old routine. She finally stopped and pushed his hands away, staggering to the sink to clean herself up. He left the bathroom without a word. He grabbed his jacket from the back of her sofa, making sure he had his wand, wallet, and cellphone still in place. "What time are you coming by later?" Carlie strolled into the living room like she didn't just spend the last ten minutes throwing up her insides. "For what?" He slipped his jacket on. "For John's birthday. It's at the pub." He sighed. "The pub again? Are you going to drink again?" "Well, yeah," she looked at him like he just said something stupid. She grabbed a honey-colored potion from her cupboard. She shook it and drank it swiftly. "See, all better." He shook his head and made his way to the door. "Doesn't change what it does to your body. Don't you get tired of binge drinking?" She rolled her eyes. "Come on, Harry. It's nothing. We're just having fun." "I don't think it's fun." He grabbed the doorknob. "Where are you going?" "Home." He pulled the door open. "What? Wait. What about tonight?" "I'm not going." He stood in the doorway. He spent so many weekends hanging out with people he didn't particularly like and watching them drink endlessly - it was tiring and grating on his nerves to see so many people under the influence like that. Talking nonsense or making complete fools of themselves. "What am I supposed to tell my friends when I arrive with no boyfriend?" He shrugged. "Tell them you don't have one." "What?" "Bye, Carlie." "Harry!" He disapparated and appeared on the front stoop of Dogwood Garden, the home he shared with Sirius. He entered the house and went straight to the kitchen. "Harry, you're here!" Sirius sat up at the kitchen counter. Harry blinked. "Well, yeah, I live here." Sirius smirked. "Sure, but you didn't sleep here last night. I figured you'd be late coming home this morning." Harry turned away, feeling his cheeks heat up. He poured himself some coffee. "Hermione said she'll be coming around in a little bit." His mug clattered against the counter. "Hermione?" Sirius quirked an eyebrow. "Yes. She's coming over to spend time with Teddy. We have him this weekend remember?" Harry added some sugar to his coffee. "I remember Teddy is coming over, but I didn't know Hermione was coming." Sirius shrugged. "I invited her." "When?" "Today. I called her about half an hour ago." "One, two, three." Hermione tapped her game piece along the board. " I suspect Prof. Plum, with the candlestick, in the kitchen. Sirius?" Sirius hid a grin behind his play cards. He flipped through them and showed her the kitchen card. She sighed and crossed it off her clue list. Sirius picked up the dice and rolled. He moved his piece into the dining room. "I suspect Prof. Plum, in the dining room, with the rope. Harry?" Harry blinked and shuffled through his cards. He presented one to his godfather. "Damn it!" Sirius scratched his pencil harshly against his clue list. Hermione giggled. She pushed her hair over her shoulder and waited for Harry to take his turn. He rolled the dice and moved his piece into the ballroom. "Prof. Plum, with the candlestick, in the ballroom. Hermione?" She bit her lip. She didn't have the ballroom card. She turned to Harry and shook her head. "Sirius?" He shuffled through his cards quickly. "Ballroom. Plum. Candlestick? Harry, what the hell?" Harry leaned back and grinned. "Neither of you have any cards?" Hermione shook her head. Sirius slammed his cards against the table and grabbed the small envelope. He opened the envelope and threw down the cards: Prof. Plum. Candlestick. Ballroom. "Harry, how do you do that?" He threw his hands in the air. Harry shot him a triumphant smile. "Intuition." Hermione laughed out loud. "You're ridiculous." His smile widened. "You're just jealous of my skills." She scoffed. "Yeah, right. Mr. Potter, Clue extraordinaire." Tonks burst into the living room. "Alright you two, enough flirting. Teddy is here." "We're not flirting," Hermione and Harry said at the same time. Teddy hopped around his mother and threw himself against Sirius. "What's flirting?" Sirius wagged his eyebrows at the boy in his arms. "It's the way people talk or act when two people like each other." Teddy stuck out his bottom lip. "Of course Harry and Mai are flirting, they're best friends." He brought his hands together. "That means me and Mai flirt too, right? Because we like each other." Sirius blanched, but Hermione chuckled. She got to her feet and pulled Teddy out of Sirius's arms. "Not quite, but that's the idea. Let's go find something to play with in the playroom." Hand in hand, Hermione and Teddy walked out of the living room. Tonks whacked Sirius in the shoulder. "What the hell, Sirius?" He shrugged. "What? You're the one who brought up flirting. Take your husband and get out of here. We don't need your romantic nonsense here." Harry stretched to his feet. "Well, that's what you two get for jumping to conclusions. Hermione and I are just friends." "Harry!" Teddy's yelled. "Come make a puzzle with me!" Sirius and Tonks shared a glance.
Week 46 Hermione carefully held the box filled with snacks up the stairs, watching the (almost) six-year-old boy walking up in front of her. She initially grimaced at the sight of the sugar-infused and greasy food, but the chocolate covered pretzels were looking good right about now. Teddy burst into their private box, greeting the friends already there. "I got cotton candy!" Ron stood from his seat and ruffled Teddy's turquoise hair. "What else did you get, Teddy?" Ron took the box from Hermione's hands and led her to the seats he set aside for her and Teddy. Teddy had bounded toward Fred and George and began chattering about what he did in school. "And I'm completely ignored," Ron pouted. Hermione squeezed his hand and sat down in her seat, sighing. She'd been on her feet all day and she just wanted to rest. "He doesn't mean anything by it," she tried to reassure him, "he just gets really excited." Ron shrugged. "I've come to terms with the fact that Fred and George are his favorite." She giggled at that, watching said Weasley men show Teddy their new bubble wand product. "How's Fred doing?" She murmured. Ron grabbed the basket of fried chicken from the snack box. "He got outfitted with a new leg last week. I told you about that, right? Well, it seems to be working better than the last one. Hopefully, this will be the one he uses long term." "That's good to hear." Hermione glanced to the front row, settling on Fred's profile. He didn't look like he was in pain, not like he did before. They didn't come out of the Battle of Hogwarts completely unscathed. Fred had lost a leg. Ron had to heal two broken arms and battled through extensive therapy. Charlie, the foolish man he is, broke his back. Even Neville received severe burns. He still had scars of them on his shoulders and back. She was sure Harry and Sirius had come out with some form of Post-Traumatic Stress, but Harry was less inclined to admit it. They were all physically better now, but some wounds can take longer to heal. Ron swallowed a bite of chicken. "You have Teddy for tonight?" She nodded, munching on a pretzel. "Oh. Fred and George are having a get together at their place after the match." Her eyes widened. "What if the match runs a few hours?" Ron scoffed. "Please, this is Ginny and the Hollyhead Harpies. Their matches don't run longer than two hours. Ever." Hermione laughed too. "That's true." Soon enough, the match began. Teddy cycled between his seat beside Hermione and sitting with the twins. Eating cotton candy, little chicken sandwiches, and eating his ice cream. An hour into the match, Harry arrived with Carlie, taking the pair of seats beside Ron, sandwiching their tall friend in the middle of the row. Carlie said a quick hello before sitting down and garnering all of Harry's attention. Her arm wrapped around his and her leg over his thigh. Ron gave Hermione a wide-eyed look and gestured his head to the side. He grimaced and stuck his tongue out. Hermione giggled under breath, but secretly hoped Teddy wasn't paying attention to his godfather and his girlfriend's actions. Half an hour later, Teddy sat down on Hermione's lap and placed his hand on her cheek. "I'm tired, Mai." "Time to go home, Teddy-bear?" He nodded against her collar bone. Hermione set the empty snack box on Ron's lap. "We're going home now." "Right now? The match is almost over. I can feel it." She shook her head. "Teddy's falling asleep." "Alright." Ron stood up and helped Hermione get to her feet, making sure she didn't drop the boy. Hermione expertly moved Teddy so he could lay against her more comfortably. His head resting on her shoulder and his arms wrapped around her neck. Ron followed her to the door to their private suite. "Ginny will understand when I tell her you had Teddy tonight." "I hope so. But, let her know I'm still up for brunch tomorrow." "I will." "Hermione?" Harry stumbled to his feet, hurrying to the door. "You're leaving?" She adjusted her hold on Teddy. "I have to take him home." "I'll walk you down." She looked around his shoulder. Carlie sat relaxed in her seat. Harry followed her gaze. "We'll walk you down. We were going to head out anyway. Carlie," he called out. The blonde stood up with a sigh and joined them at the door. Her eyes brightened at the sight of Hermione. "Oh, your son is so cute. How old is he?" Hermione blinked. She glanced at Harry who looked resigned and tired. She gave Carlie a small smile. "He's five." Unwilling to spare Carlie details of her life, she began walking down the steps toward the public floo. Ron handed Harry a bottle of butterbeer. "Did your girlfriend honestly ask Hermione about her 'son'?" Harry rolled his eyes. He sipped on his butterbeer and looked around the room for said girlfriend. Carlie was standing beside Ginny and Fred, drinking what was probably her fourth or fifth bottle of Molten Vanilla Ale. "I thought you two broke up," Ron muttered under his breath. Harry shrugged. "We did, but we decided to give it another try." "You broke up like a week ago though." Ron downed the rest of his butterbeer. Harry squeezed the neck of his bottle. "We're just trying again, alright?" Ron held his hand up. "Alright, alright." Harry sipped on his butterbeer and watched his girlfriend interact with his friends, one of which was his ex-girlfriend. Carlie didn't seem to have an issue with it. He thought back to an ex-girlfriend of his who didn't like the fact that he still talked and hung out with Ginny. Which he didn't understand at first. There was nothing between them, but Hermione had sat him down and tried to make him understand what his girlfriend was feeling. While he understood now, at the time, he didn't want to force one of his oldest friends out of his life for a woman he didn't envision staying with for a long time. So, they broke up. Carlie was a whole different person. She didn't mind Ginny. She didn't mind anyone really. She didn't seem to care about the people he introduced her too. More often than not, she'd forget their names or what they did and when he slipped similarly with her friends and family, it irked her. She only remembered Ginny because she's a big Quidditch fan herself. He set his empty butterbeer bottle aside. What was he doing? Carlie was pretty and funny, but he didn't want to bring her home to Sirius, Remus, and Tonks. He wasn't looking forward to introducing her to them. George joined them on the couch. "Did you too take a look at some of the new products?" He handed Harry a faux-wand. "It makes bubbles when you say certain incantations or wand movements. Teddy liked it a lot." Harry smiled at that. He had watched his godson playing with the wand earlier. "When are they on sale?" "In time for summer," George said. "We're already giving one of the demos to Teddy for his birthday." "Damn," Harry hissed under his breath. George chuckled. "Did you forget about the little guy's birthday?" Harry wiped his hands over his face. Was it going to be April already?
Before we head into chapter 4, I want to say thanks to all those who have reviewed, favorited, and followed this story. I appreciate it so much! I hope you continue to enjoy. Week 45 "I'm so glad you're doing okay," Hermione grabbed Ginny's arm and rested it in the crook of her's. "Oh, Hermione, there wasn't anything to be afraid of." Ginny gazed around their surroundings, taking in the sights of the shopping mall. "It was only a few dozen feet." Hermione groaned under her breath. "Sure, but when Ron wrote this morning and said you had fallen last night and went home like it was nothing. It worried me." "Don't." Ginny stopped and took Hermione's hands in hers. "I'm perfectly fine and I'm even cleared to play this coming weekend." Hermione sighed but nodded anyway. Ginny smiled. "Let's go to this store." She pulled Hermione into a women's clothing store and immediately began browsing. "So, how are you and Ryan doing?" Ginny asked, picking up a green blouse. Hermione shifted through the shirts. "Good, I think," she mumbled. "You think?" Ginny caught her words. "What's going on?" She hadn't spoken her thoughts aloud yet and she didn't know how to express what she was feeling or thinking. "Ryan is nice, you know that." "Right," Ginny looked at her skeptically, "and handsome to boot." Hermione's cheeks pinkened. "Yes, but he feels distant. I know his week is busy, with cases and meeting clients. I try to get us together when our schedules allow, but we hardly get together. I mean, when we do, we spend a long time together. But they're so few and far between." She sighed. "And when I do try to get together," she continued, "he hardly ever wants to do what I suggest. Movies, plays, museums, or just walking around the shopping center. A lot of times it's me reaching out." "It sounds like you're putting up all the effort in this relationship," Ginny said softly. "Have you two had sex yet?" Hermione flushed completely, biting her lip. Ginny giggled. "So, you've had sex. Listen, here's something one of my teammates told us when they were having second thoughts about their relationship." She straightened up. "Give him three days. Don't call," Ginny shook her head at Hermione's exasperated look. Ginny knew for a fact that Hermione's boyfriend wasn't muggle savvy, especially for a self-proclaimed half-blood. She didn't know why she brought that up. "Don't write. Just don't contact him. Three days. If he doesn't reach out then it's not worth the effort you're putting in. He'll make his feelings clear." Hermione's shoulders drooped. "And what if he doesn't write? What do I do?" Ginny placed her hand on Hermione's arm and rubbed her lovingly. "Do you love him?" Hermione grimaced and immediately stilled. Did she love Ryan? They've been dating for six months. She didn't necessarily love him, but she enjoyed her time with him. She liked his sense of humor (it wasn't too caustic or mean), he's handsome, and he had a good head on his shoulders. But whenever they got together, it looked like he was putting in a lot of effort to just be with her. He wasn't the type of guy who would casually come over to just be together. Ginny wrapped an arm around Hermione's shoulders. "I don't think you have anything to worry about." She placed a quick kiss on her temple. "Let's walk some more. I ate a lot at brunch." It didn't feel like a typical Wednesday morning for Hermione. She had already rushed through the ministry archives, picked up past legislation regarding werewolves from the Wizengamot administration office, and was now on her way to meet the deputy head for the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. She greeted the DMLE secretaries and mentioned her meeting with the deputy head. "Good morning, Ms. Granger. Head Auror Robards and Madam Abbott are currently in meeting room four and have informed us to let you through." "Thank you." Hermione strolled through the large room, past the various cubicles that were settled in the middle of the room. Meeting room four was at the other end of the larger room. "Wotcher, Hermione!" Tonks bounded toward her. "What brings you by?" "I have a meeting with Robards and Madam Abbott." Tonks perked an eyebrow at this. "Oh? Top-secret work?" Hermione grinned. "For now." Just then, three familiar men walked through an open door on the left. Harry stopped short, making Ron bump into him and Neville stop in the doorway. All three look disheveled and winded and even sweaty. Hermione cringed at the sight of them. "What were you three doing?" Ron began to whine. "Harry made us do a three-mile run." Hermione laughed aloud. "Really? Well, that's good, isn't it? You need to be in top physical form." Ron threw his hands in the air. "Not you too." He pushed past Harry and Hermione and grumbled to their shared office. Neville laughed and brought Hermione into a hug. She squealed and pushed him away. "No, you're all sweaty." He grinned. "Don't worry about it, you still look as pretty as ever." He joined Ron in the office leaving Hermione with Harry and Tonks. Tonks ruffled Harry's hair and walked off. "Ew, you are sweaty," they heard her say. "Hey," he said under his breath, "have you gotten Teddy a birthday gift?" She shook her head. "I know what I want to get him though." "What are you going to get him?" They walked together toward meeting room four. "Well, Sirius told me he was getting him a Gamecube and I thought about getting him a game for it." "Why didn't I think of that?" He examined her face. "Are you free later? Do you want to get something to eat and go look for his gift together?" She was silent for a moment before nodding. "I'll meet you at my place, around six?" Harry and Hermione examined the Nintendo Gamecube games displayed on the wall. "Well, he likes Mario Kart." Hermione grabbed the game from the wall. "There's a new Mario Party game." Harry grabbed it. "These two?" They purchased Teddy's gifts and left the video game store, walking in pleasant silence. Harry led the way to the Thai restaurant Hermione wanted to try. They picked up take out and headed back to Hermione's flat. They settled on her sofa, turned on the telly, and dug into their food. "I broke up with Carlie," he announced. She sputtered over the rim of her wine glass. "You did? Are you okay?" He played with his fork, stabbing it into his food. "Of course I'm okay. Why wouldn't I be?" "I thought you liked her." She set her glass aside. He shrugged. "Sure, but not enough to deal with her." "Deal with her? What do you mean?" "Hermione, she thought Teddy was your son," he said, exasperated. He held the side of his head. "She always gets Ron's name wrong and all she wants to do is head to the pub come home and have sex. I broke up with her before but we got together again to give it another try, but I couldn't do it." "Oh." Hermione leaned back. "Well, I'm sorry to hear that. She seemed nice." "She's nice and all, but I don't want to go to the pub every weekend and talk about nothing. We've never had a real conversation. I was tired of faking it." She understood. She scooped some food into her mouth and contemplated over her own relationship. Ryan hadn't contacted her in four days. A soft knock sounded at her front door. Hermione groaned and lifted herself off the floor. Who the hell was at her door? She pulled her hair out of her eyes. Was it Ryan? She scrambled to her feet and flung the front door open. "Oh." Harry's eyebrows rose. "Yeah, hello. Nice to see you too. I brought food." He held up a plastic bag and a pink pastry box. She stepped back and allowed him inside. "You just drop by? What if I was busy?" Harry shrugged. "I took my chances." He set the food down on the table. "So, what are you busy doing?" She glared at his grinning face. "Wallowing in self-pity. You?" Harry's eyes skimmed over her figure. Long thick hair up in a bun. Dark-colored sweatpants and a loose-fitting shirt. "Trying to hang out with my friend." Hermione reached into the plastic bag and moaned in delight at the sight of Chinese take out. "You want to play Mario Kart?" Despite his worry over her disheveled appearance and red-rimmed eyes, he smiled at her. "I'd love to." They plopped down on her sofa and set up the game. They raced and ate. Raced and ate. After two cup races, Harry set his controller down. "Do you want to talk about it?" She pushed her food around the container. "Or not, that's okay. Maybe you'd rather talk to Ginny." She shrugged. She took another bite of her food. "Is it PMS stuff?" Harry flushed. Merlin, he's been friends with Hermione for over ten years, it shouldn't be that embarrassing to talk about. She chuckled. "No, it's not. Thanks for asking though." He shrugged sheepishly. "Sure." She set her food container on the coffee table before her. She turned in her seat to face him. "Ryan hasn't contacted me for five days." He turned toward her. "Okay?" "Why hasn't he contacted me? Written a letter? Dropped by my office?" Harry gripped his knee. "I don't know. Is he busy?" "His hours are nine to four. An hour for lunch. It doesn't take that much time to write a little note. Right?" Harry shook his head, wondering if that was the right answer. Her eyes watered and she sniffed loudly. She let herself fall onto the back of the sofa. "He doesn't like me." "What? How could you say that? Of course, he likes you." "Then why hasn't he reached out to me? Harry, it's been almost a week and I haven't heard a word from him. Who does that?" She fingered the end of her t-shirt. Harry leaned his head back. He frowned. He'd done that before - to other girls. But he's an Auror, he was legitimately busy. Did solicitors have to work overtime? Stress over life and death situations? He'd admit, sometimes he did use work as an excuse. He pulled at his jeans, suddenly feeling guilty. "Ginny told me to give him three days, but what if he's not interested in me as much as I thought?" Harry set his arm along the backside of the couch. "Hermione, look -" he paused when her watery eyes met his. "Oh, come here." She scrambled across the couch and wrapped her arms around his torso. He held his arms around her tightly. He'd save his horrible advice for another day. For now, he'll hold his sobbing friend until she was done crying over her boyfriend. Harry watched Hermione move through the sitting room. Her hair up in a bun. Sunny yellow blouse tucked into high-waisted jeans and white trainers. Her face was smooth, with no hints of puffiness or red eyes. It was as if she hadn't cried her eyes out the night before. "Everything okay?" Sirius handed him a soda. Harry popped it open and took a long sip of the orange-flavored drink. Sirius glanced between Harry and the subject he was following around the room. "Is Hermione alright?" Harry shrugged. "I don't know." "Did you two get in a fight?" "No," Harry said quickly. "Hermione!" Sirius belted and waved his hand over his head. Harry stiffened beside him. Hermione slowly walked past the horde of children running and playing through the sitting room. Teddy's neighborhood friends and classmates had descended on the Lupin home for his sixth birthday party. They were all now running on the sugar high from the birthday cake. She finally made it to the loveseat and squeezed in between Sirius and the arm of the loveseat. Sirius casually rested his arm along the back of the loveseat, his fingers just centimeters away from her shoulder. "You look very pretty today, Hermione." She smiled. "Thanks, Sirius." He tapped her shoulder gently, making her giggle. She leaned into his side, resting her head on his shoulder. "Hermione," he kissed the top of her head, "you're taking care of yourself, right?" "Of course I am." He squeezed her arm. "That boyfriend is treating you well?" She hummed under her breath. "Oh, shit, the pygmy puffs got out. I'll be right back." Sirius jumped to his feet and raced outside. Hermione and Harry tried to lean forward to get a look but were soon tackled by a brown-haired six-year-old. Teddy wrapped his arms around Hermione's neck and placed a wet kiss on Hermione's cheek. "Thank you for my present, Mai." She hugged him hard. "You're very welcome, Teddy. Love you." He climbed off her lap and gave Harry the same treatment. He lowered his voice, "Uncle Sirius said that we can race with my new broom when my friends go home." Harry tickled his stomach, making Teddy erupt in a fit of giggles. "Does that mean you're coming over to Dogwood Garden?" Teddy nodded, "if mama says yes." "Teddy!" Andromeda yelled from the garden. Teddy bounced away and ran outside, his little friends running after him. Harry wiped his hands on the top of his jeans. He'd never been so conscious of Hermione's presence before but right now it seemed like he could feel every time she breathed. He felt her shift and from his peripheral vision knew she was facing him with one leg propped on the sofa. "Harry?" Her voice was low. He crossed his arms over his chest. "Did I make things awkward last night?" He turned abruptly. "What? No." Her eyes were downcast, concentrating on her shoe. "Are you feeling better?" She shrugged. "For the most part. I guess I just needed a good cry." He ran his fingers through his hair. "It was hard seeing you breakdown like that," he admitted, "especially over some bloke." "Oh." She slowly got to her feet and stepped in front of him, the tips of their shoes touching. He looked up and she was smiling gently at him. "I'm going to go help Sirius with the pygmy puffs. It's not looking so good." She leaned down and kissed his forehead. "Thanks for being there for me, Harry." She stepped away from the loveseat and out to the garden. Harry sighed deeply. "Anytime."
Week 44 Neither Harry nor Ron spoke to Hermione much the whole week, but they still descended upon her flat. It was Friday night and time for Harry and Ron's usual get together which included playing on Hermione's GameCube. Harry stood in Hermione's kitchen and watched her bustle back and forth, cleaning up and putting things away. "Hermione, you're a witch," he announced. She threw her hands in the air. "Right." She waved her wand and the objects in disarray put themselves in their rightful place. "Why are you cleaning up for me and Ron? We're just going to play video games." "Ryan is coming to pick me up." She grabbed her phone and checked for any messages. "Alright, I'm going to take a shower. Don't touch anything." Harry watched her head off to the bathroom. He turned his attention to Crookshanks who had sauntered in from the bedroom down the hall. "Your witch doesn't trust me," he commented. A pop sounded by the door. "I'm going to beat you this time, Harry!" Harry and Ron hurried over to the sofa and turned on the Nintendo. Another night of racing. Another night of winning. Almost an hour later, Hermione walked back into the living room, dressed for a formal night out. "Wow, Hermione! You look wonderful," Ron turned in his seat, ignoring his car driving off the edge of the track. Harry had to agree. She looked stunning in a deep purple off-the-shoulder dress. "Where is Ryan taking you?" She finished clipping her earnings. "I don't know. It's a surprise." "Are you coming back home?" Harry asked. She shrugged, biting her lip. "Who knows." She grabbed her small black purse and secured her wand. "He should be here soon. You two really think I look okay?" "Hermione, you look gorgeous," Ron called out, turning his attention back to the screen. Harry only nodded and returned his attention to the race as well. A knock came at the door. Hermione rushed to open it. "Ryan!" Ron grimaced at the sound of kissing. "Who else was it going to be?" he mumbled under his breath. "You ready to go?" Ryan asked, his deep timbre flowing into the living room. "Yes, let's go!" Hermione closed the door behind her. Harry and Ron had played for three hours before Ron headed home for the night. He had plans with his father and brother the next morning and needed to sleep or he'd be grumpy - his words. Harry laid on Hermione's sofa, flipping through the channels on the telly. There was nothing on this late at night. He honestly didn't know why he was still here. He should've gone home ages ago. He groaned. What if Hermione and Ryan came back here to have sex? He actually shivered at the thought. A loud popping sound startled him off the couch. "What the bloody hell?" "Harry?" Hermione's voice wavered. "What the hell are you still doing here?" She walked past the sofa and into the kitchen. "I was bored." He got to his feet and followed Hermione into the kitchen. He noticed her shoulders shake. "Are you crying?" "No." She gripped the counter. Her arms were shaking and he thought he heard her taking deep breaths. "Hermione, you're clearly upset. What's wrong?" "Do you know what he said?" Her voice rose. She turned to face him, fumbling with her earrings. "Let's get married? I don't know." Harry pulled out a chair and sat down, looking her over. Her hair fell limp around her shoulders and down her back. Some mascara and eyeliner were smeared around her eyes. "Although, I'd advise you to say no. You've only been dating, what, six months?" She squeezed her earrings in her hand. "He said we should take a break!" He reached out and tugged on her wrist. Her knees knocked into his and he moved his feet so he could situate her between his legs. Her eyes were glassy and her voice shook, "can you believe that?" He squeezed her hand and unfurled her fingers, taking the diamond-studded earrings and placing them gently on the table. "No." Fresh tears made their way down her cheeks. He pushed his chair back and stood. "Hermione, come here." He opened his arms and let her launch herself into his chest. He closed his eyes at the sound of her muffled cries. Week 43 Harry wrapped his hands around his ice cream bowl. "I saw Ryan the other day," Hermione said softly, "at The British Museum." Harry's eyebrows rose. "I thought he didn't like going to museums." Hermione twirled her spoon around her bowl of ice cream. "He was there with some other girl." "Oh." Harry concentrated on Hermione, looking for any signs of sadness or anger. She puffed out her cheeks but kept her eyes on the table. "Well, he did say you two should take a break, maybe that person wasn't -" "They were kissing," she interrupted. "Oh." She scooped some ice cream into her mouth and stared at her bowl. "He should have just broken up with me. He didn't need to prolong this," she said after a moment of silence. "He should have." She rested her chin in her hand. "You know what I've realized, Harry?" He shook his head and stuffed more ice cream in his mouth. "I haven't taken a holiday in ages. I should take a holiday." "Now?" He mouthed around his too-large scoop of ice cream. "Yeah, why not? There are a ton of places I've been wanting to go too. I have some days saved up. I should just go." A loud pop came from the front door. Ron suddenly appeared and stumbled toward them. "Awe, have you two eaten already?" "Nope. We're having dessert first," Hermione announced, she pointed to the ice cream carton on the table. "Nice!" Ron plopped down beside Harry and served himself some ice cream from the carton. "What are you two talking about?" "I'm going on holiday!" Ron dropped his spoon. "What?" "Holiday, Ronald, keep up," Hermione huffed. She stared at the space over his shoulder. "I don't have any major obligations holding me back, no boyfriend," she grumbled the last part. "Well," Ron scooped up some ice cream and took a good look at Hermione. She was well dressed and her eyes were no longer puffy. From what Harry told him, he assumed Hermione would still be heartbroken. Apparently, she had cried into his shoulder for over an hour. "It sounds like a great idea. Where do you want to go? France? Egypt?" She shrugged. "I've always wanted to go to Greece or Italy. Walkthrough the historical sights and the magical communities of each place. I've never visited the magical communities in either country." Ron swallowed a mouthful of ice cream. "You should write Bill or Fleur, they might have some contacts for you to help set up your travel and stay." "That's a great idea, Ron. Thanks." He smiled. "I'll write to Charlie too. See if he might be able to help with your travel plans." Hermione hopped out of her chair and rounded the table, wrapping her arms around his shoulders. "Thanks so much, Ron. Alright, who's ready for dinner? I made roast chicken." Week 42 "You're doing what and you're going where?" Ginny set down her copy of Quidditch Monthly magazine. "I'm going to Greece for ten days." Hermione flipped through a travel guide. "I'm doing something for myself, you know. Giving myself some quality time. I don't want to think about boyfriends or love. I mean, I'm fine on my own." "Damn right you are." Ginny stared at the side of her friend's head and hoped Hermione was right. She was tired of seeing one of the best people she knew being dragged through the dirt by worthless so-called boyfriends. Hermione scribbled something in her notebook. "I'm really excited. The last time I took a real holiday was with my parents when I was still in school. This will be good for me." Ginny grinned. "I'm excited for you too. I hope you have a lot of fun and don't even think about running off with some Greek hunk. We need our Hermione back." Hermione scoffed and rolled her eyes. "As if." "You're sure you can manage?" Hermione placed Crookshanks onto Harry's lap. He grabbed her wrist. "Hermione, I can watch your cat for ten days. Besides, he'll love Dogwood Gardens. He can hang out with Sirius. Teddy will be there too. Remus and Tonks are going out for a 'romantic' weekend." The Lupins were celebrating Tonks' birthday early by leaving for a romantic weekend the same weekend Hermione was heading to Greece. She nodded. "Okay. You know, I can always leave him at the Burrow." Harry rubbed his thumb over the veins at the juncture of her wrist. "We'll be fine." She slowly pulled her hand out of his hold. Harry watched her make one final run-through of her apartment. She returned to the living room and rolled her suitcase to the door. Harry pushed Crookshanks onto the couch and stood. He met her by the door and pulled her into a hug. She responded with a tight squeeze. "Have a safe trip," he whispered into her hair, "and have fun." She nodded against his chest. He kissed her forehead and gently nudged her to the door. "I'll check on your apartment every night. So, don't worry." "I'm not worried, Harry." She smiled. "I'll let you know when I get there and will you call my parents? Letting them know I got there alright?" "Of course." She smiled again and disapparated with a muted pop.
Week 42 Hermione had been gone for two days and Crookshanks was looking at Harry forlornly. Teddy clambered over the couch and laid on top of his godfather's chest. "Where's Mai?" "She's on holiday," Harry answered. Teddy's arm dangled over the side of the couch. "Without us?" Harry scoffed. "Well, Hermione doesn't have to do everything with us." "I miss her," Teddy whined. He ruffled the boy's hair. "I miss her too, buddy." "I want to make her a picture." Teddy sat up, pressing into Harry's stomach. He slid off Harry's torso and ran off to the playroom. Sirius walked into the room, greeting Crookshanks happily. He leaned over the couch and pressed a hand into Harry's chest. "What are you doing slumming about?" Harry shrugged. "Don't you have a girlfriend or something?" Sirius noted Harry's disheveled appearance. He didn't look dressed to go out. "Not really," Harry said with another shrug. Sirius leaned on the couch. "It's the weekend. Don't you want to hang out with your friends or something?" "I guess I should." Harry sat up. "Is everything okay?" Sirius looked over Harry's disinterested expression. Did he even want to leave the house? "Have you ever been to Greece?" Harry asked suddenly. Sirius quirked an eyebrow. "No. That's where Hermione is, right?" "Yeah. I wonder what she's doing." He leaned back against the couch, crossing his arms over his chest. "I don't know." Harry was acting strange. "Probably touring the ruins, seeing museums, going to the beach." "The beach?" Harry looked over his shoulder. Sirius couldn't help grinning. "Yeah. Greece is well known for its beach and ocean life. I'm sure Hermione will be well taken care of down there." He strolled out of the room. "What do you mean?" Harry called after him. "You know what I mean!" Sirius yelled back. "No!" Harry jumped over the back of the couch and raced after his godfather. "What do you mean?" "Why is everyone yelling!" Teddy called from the playroom. Their weekend with Teddy soon came to an end. Remus and Tonks arrived looking refreshed and content. Remus ruffled his son's hair. "Did he behave?" "Of course, he did." Sirius rummaged through Remus's rucksack. "Did I get anything?" Remus snatched his bag out of his hold. "No, don't be a child." Sirius pouted. "Harry?" Tonks exclaimed in surprise. Harry had walked out of the kitchen with a mug of hot chocolate. His gaze shifted between them. "What?" She shook her head. "Nothing, I'm just a little surprised to see you here." Harry frowned. "Why? I live here." Tonks shrugged. "I figured you'd be out with friends or something." She patted his shoulder. "Thanks for watching Teddy for us." "It's no problem, Tonks." Harry moved past them and joined Teddy in the playroom where the boy had set out his new toys. "And Hermione?" Remus aimed his question to Sirius. "Is she alright?" Sirius nodded, leaning against the doorframe. "She sent a letter this morning telling us she was okay and to expect another letter on Thursday to go over how she's coming home. She won't be home until next week, but she'll be back in time for Bill's daughter's birthday." Sirius looked toward the playroom. "Those two have missed her." "Any word from Hermione?" Ron slid into his seat and spread out his paperwork on his desk. Harry held up a letter. "This arrived this morning. She says she's alive, doing well and she's extending her stay a few more days and will be returning with Charlie when he comes to England for Victoire's birthday." Ron let out a small groan. "Does that mean she won't be back for another week? Charlie isn't planning on coming until next Thursday or Friday." Harry shrugged. "I suppose." "Well, that messes with my plans." Harry looked up at this. "What plans?" Ron's cheeks flushed. "I kind of have a date and I wanted to get her advice." "You have a date?" Harry yelled. Ron sputtered. "Yeah, why are you so surprised?" Harry held up his hands. "I'm not. It's just you hardly ever go on dates." Ron slumped. "It's just hard, you know." He rolled his eyes. "Well, you might not know." Harry leaned back into his seat. "Well, what did you want to ask Hermione? Maybe I could help?" Ron stared at him for a few moments before speaking. "I wanted her to tell me what I should wear and what to talk about." "Oh, well shit."
Week 41 Hermione stumbled through the floo of the Weasley residence. She looked around briefly to see if anyone saw and spotted Charlie standing just outside the kitchen, a playful smirk on his face. "Ms. Granger, less graceful than usual," he quipped. He walked up and brushed off some soot from her shoulders. She couldn't help the blush coming to her cheeks. "That's what I get for rushing." He wrapped his arm around her shoulders and led her out into the garden where Victoire's second birthday party was being held. "Don't worry about it, Hermione." He led her to where Harry and Ron were huddled together. "I'd like to be the first to tell you, you look great today, Hermione, and you smell amazing." "Charlie!" She smacked him in the stomach. "It's the truth!" "Hermione!" Sirius bounded toward her out of nowhere. "I heard the good news!" Hermione braced herself. The news of the new werewolf legislation was released just that morning. She was glad her friends finally knew. Charlie stepped away and allowed Sirius to crash into her and lift her up in his arms. "You're writing a new werewolf law, Hermione, I'm so happy. I know Remus won't show it in any way that he should so I took it upon myself to show you our gratitude." Across the garden, Harry took a sip of his beer and watched his godfather spin Hermione around in his arms. She hung onto his shoulders tightly, her fingers gripping the back of his shirt. Once she was back on her feet, Fred and George rushed over and began bombarding her with questions. Her hair looked longer, he noted to himself. Sunkissed skin and brightened eyes. "They're ridiculous," Ron scoffed. He took a long sip of his beer. "You know, they like her." "What?" Harry's beer burned down his throat. Ron shrugged. "Fred or George. Or maybe both of them. I think they like her. Don't know if they'll ever do anything about it." "How do you know they like her?" Harry looked between the twins and Hermione. She stood comfortably beside Fred, her attention set on whatever he was saying. Fred's own body was turned to her, his eyes wide with mirth. He reached out and set his hand on her waist. George tugged on her hair, before kissing her cheek and walking off in the direction of the food. Ron set his now empty bottle down on the ground. "Look at the way they look at her. It's hard to miss. I don't even think she realizes though." A snort from behind made them jump. Ginny sat on the arm of Harry's chair. "She definitely doesn't realize. Besides, it's not like you knew either, Ron. I'm the one who told you." Ron blushed. Harry pulled on his jeans. "So, do you think either of them will ask her out?" Ginny crossed her arms over her chest. "No idea. I think they should though. What do they have to lose?" Harry saw George return with a plate of food for Hermione. As he watched the twins and Hermione talk, he tried to relax his hands and shoulders, which were unconsciously tensing every few seconds. Hermione finally parted from Fred and George, with a kiss on both their cheeks and walked over to where He and Ron were sitting. She gave them both bright smiles. "It's so good to see you both." Ron leaped to his feet and hugged her tightly. "I'm glad you're back home safe. Did you have fun in Greece?" Harry took to his feet. He wrapped one arm around her waist and kissed her cheek. "You look great, Hermione." "Thanks, Harry. I had so much fun." She took Ron's offered seat and set her plate of food on her lap. "It was incredible." Ron, Harry, and Ginny gathered around her. Ginny leaned forward. "So, what did you do first?" "Well, my first day was just getting there. Portkeys and waiting for the portkeys. I arrived in Athens first. I went to the Acropolis, where I toured the Parthenon. I went to the Archaeological Museum and I ran into a witch!" Ron slapped his leg. "Really? How did that go about?" "Well," Hermione went on to explain how she met Zenovia Demetriou, a local teacher at a magical day school. Zenovia, showed her the easier locations to enter the magical community, the magical counterpart to the archaeological museum and much to Harry's chagrin, her own brother, who led Hermione through Delphi, Knossos, and the beach. "Then I met up with Charlie in Romania in Bucharest and he showed me around the dragon preserve and we came back to England." Ginny leaned over and gave her friend a tight side-hug. "I'm glad you had a great time, Hermione. You're glowing." Hermione's cheeks pinkened. "Thanks, Ginny." Ron squeezed her thigh. "It's good to have you back though. We missed you." "Yeah," Harry croaked. He cleared his throat. "Teddy missed you a ton." "Awe. I'll make sure to give him twice the amount of hugs and kisses." She finished off the food on her plate and set it aside. "So, what's this about a double date?" Ron smacked his hands over his face. "Merlin, no." Hermione giggled. "No, tell me!" "I dragged Harry along," Ron began, "he hit it off fine with his date, but I kept mucking it up with Nolene." "How did you meet her?" "She's Hannah Abbott's cousin." Hermione contemplated. "Aren't you worried you two might be related?" The air around them stilled. "Bloody hell, I didn't think of that!" While Ginny burst into laughter and hit Ron on the back, Hermione turned and aimed her next question to Harry. "So, what did you think of Astrid?" Astrid Gaubert, the girl he went along the double date with, was leggy and blonde, but he didn't think that was the kind of answer Hermione was looking for. "She's nice," he answered. "She works at Obscurus Books." Hermione's jaw dropped. "You're kidding? That's brilliant. What does she do? Is she an editor?" Harry shrugged. "Not sure." "Will you go out with her again?" Harry's eyes searched hers, deep brown which seemed to glow with the setting sun. He licked his lips. "I don't know. I might."
