Unable to muster the energy to get out of my hospital bed, tears began leaking from my eyes. As my eyes roamed the sterile room, I thought to myself, I must have the worse luck imaginable, what god did I piss off and why was he was making it his life's mission, to screw up my life as much as possible. As I laid there, I began reviewing the many tragedies that had happened to me, over the past 15 years, beginning with my parents dying in a car accident when I was 2, leaving me all alone in this world. If that wasn't bad enough, I developed leukemia at the tender age of 4; if regular kids have a hard time being adopted, they don't have anything on sick kids, no one wants to adopt a child who may be dead soon. As time went on, I spent more time in the hospital than I did at the orphanage; it wasn't all bad; many of the doctors and nurses became my surrogate family. When I was seven, I overheard the doctor telling my caretaker that I had less than a year to live. However, I always had been a stubborn child, and I manage to eke out eight more years of life, but by the time I was 15, I had given up. I was exhausted; every day that I still lived seemed to be a fight, if it wasn't leukemia, it was the brain tumors, it seemed that this body of mine was defective somehow. I managed by losing myself in fantasy books, often imagining what I would do if I could only visit these magical worlds. The last book I read was The Half-Blood Prince, written by J.K Rowling, and I hoped to stay alive long enough to finish the series. Praying to every god out there, I pleaded for a do-over, when that didn't work, I started to get angry. It wasn't fair that this was my life; I wanted to live, to explore and have fun. Exhausted, I fell asleep, later that night, my body shut down for good, and I felt myself slip away. In another world, On September 2, 1977, at exactly 4 in the afternoon, deep within the heart of St. Mungo, the wizarding hospital. In the paternity ward, a young woman with golden hair gave birth to a son. Curiously, immediately after being born, the babe was silent and refused to make a sound, after the healer gave the child to his mother all swaddled up, she asked what the child's name was. After naming her son, the healer left, and a young man entered the room and asked to see the baby, after giving the baby to the young man, he spun the baby around in excitement. In response, the babe began wailing, and as he did so, the glass in the nearby windows shattered. Hundreds of miles away, high within a magical castle, there was a room that has not seen many visitors, an enormous leather-bound book lied upon a pedestal next to a heavily feathered quill. Moments after the glass shattered in the maternity ward at St. Mungo's, the feather rose up and dipped itself into the inkwell. Afterwards, the book opened, and the quill wrote the name, Alexander Nicola Fawley. When the quill was finished writing, the book snapped shut, and the feather floated back down to the pedestal, and the room was still once more. Five years later Today marks five years since my rebirth, as traumatizing as it was reborn as a baby fully aware, I am happy to be alive. I still don't understand how this happened; I don't even remember dying, and as more time goes on, the more my previous life seems like a dream that I can barely remember, which I suppose is a blessing. Still, if someone is going to be reincarnated, being reincarnated into as a wizard, in a world full of magic, makes me believe I hit the jackpot, I had so much bad luck in my previous life that the universe decided to compensate me for it. However, this brings about a very important question, is J.K. Rowling, a god… did she somehow create this world, or did she have visions of this world and write what she saw, and if she did write what she saw. How accurate was she? Did she embellish to write a good story, or did she record the events as they unfolded? I wondered to myself. While pondering over these deep philosophical questions, a booming sound shook me from my thoughts, "ALEXANDER FAWLEY… DOWNSTAIRS, NOW!" I jumped and felt a sinking feeling well up inside of my stomach, which only happens when a child hears their mother speak in that tone of voice. After exiting my room, which was on the top floor of a three-story house, I started descending the steps at the end of the hallway. While descending the stairs, the paintings that hung on the wall started snickering and hooting that I was in trouble now. As I approached the ground floor, an encouraging voice rang out from the final painting along the wall "Courage, my boy." I turned to the painting to see an encouraging smile coming from an old balding wizard. Cracking my knuckles, I responded with a confident grin, "No worries, I believe I know what this is about, and I have mentally prepared myself for what's coming." After reaching the ground floor, I began making my way through the family room, heading towards the dining room, where I would do battle with the monster known as mother. Before I entered the dining hall, I took a deep breath as to reassure myself of victory, as I entered the dining room, I paused in the doorway to take a good look at what awaited me. I saw my mother sitting around the round dinner table, her long golden blond hair hanging over her shoulders. Next, to her, my father, whose face was hidden by a magazine, whose cover had several brooms. I entered the dining area, and my mother's blue eyes immediately shot up and made contact with me. She said in a surprisingly sweet soft voice, "Please sit down, Alex." Not for the first time, I tried to compare my mothers' current soft-spoken voice to the booming one that called for me earlier. I had trouble reconciling the two manners in which my mother spoke in. The first manner was carefully spoken, with a slight French accent accompanying her words; the other, was not spoken so much as screamed, and when her voice rose to that level, her French accent came across more severely. After I pulled out the heavy wooden chair and climbed into the seat, I brushed my long dirty blond hair from my eyes and smiled as widely as I could to bring out my dimples. Knowing that they were a weakness of hers. "Yes, mother," I said with all the innocence of a five-year-old. As my mother's eyes narrowed, informing me that my ploy to appear adorable while normally effective would not deter this upcoming battle. "Do you have anything you would like to tell me." my mother said to me. I thought to myself, ha, not falling for that trap, rule #11, never admit to any crime without overwhelming evidence. As several responses occurred to me, I selected one that I hoped would distract her. I said in a bright voice, "It's my birthday, I'm five today." As my mother acknowledge my opening statement with a nod, I started a mental scoreboard, Alex 1- Mom -0. However, after I studied the slight smirk appeared on mother's face, I felt a sinking feeling develop in my stomach. After what seemed like an unusually long silence, mother set out a glass jar half full with a label that identified the contents as mandrake leaves. She asked, "Are you sure?" I acknowledge my mother's parry to my opening thrust. The current score flashed into my head, Alex -1 Mother -1, While most children would inevitably crack at this point, rule #15 dashed across my thoughts, when confronted with vague evidence about your supposed crime, double down in your denial. Several avenues of attack appeared in my thoughts after selecting the most appropriate one. I responded, "Presents!" and reached across the table to grab the 'evidence.' My mother's eyes widen, clearly not expecting that particular response from me. Alex -2 Mom 1, I thought. After mom held eye contact with me for a moment, she pulled out a small white crystal and set it on the table and murmured, "Reveilo." After speaking the spell, the dining room seemed to disappear, and a room I was all too aware that I was not allowed into without supervision appeared. After a moment, the wooden door slowly creaked open, and I watched myself carefully sneak into the room carrying an old tattered book. After shutting the door behind me, a wide smile appeared on my face as I looked about the circular room that was lined with shelves that wrapped all around the room and stretched to the ceiling, full of ingredients. In the center of the room was a table in the shape of a crescent moon with a cauldron in the middle of it. I set the book down on the table, and the book seemingly opened of its own accord. The book opened to the page containing the instructions on how to brew a pepperup potion. One of the easiest potions to create that was designed to cure someone of the flu and other common illnesses, it only needed three ingredients added to water to make and could be made in under thirty minutes. After memorizing the list, I went to the shelves and climbed upon the first step of what looked a double-sided rolling ladder, after speaking the first name of the ingredient that I needed, the ladder began rolling around the shelves until it reached a particular spot. The step I was on began to rise, and the steps on the back half of the ladder began to sink. After rising to a particular point, I found the ingredients that I was looking for, after grabbing all the ingredients, I made my way back to the table to begin brewing the potion. Suddenly the scene disappeared, and I focused back on my mother face and noticed a shark-like smile had appeared on her face. I thought to myself. Alex-2 Mom -2. "Anything you want to say," mom said I couldn't help but compare those words to when a judge asks if the accused has any final words and is about to pronounce a prisoner's guilt along with a harsh sentence. After thinking furiously for a moment, I thought to myself, sorry dad, but rule #21 clearly states, that when confronted with overwhelming evidence of your crime, the next step is to shift blame. As I looked into my mom's eyes that were shining with the knowledge that she had me, and there was no escaping her justice. I responded, "It was dad's idea." As the word left my mouth and resonated throughout the room, My father violently spat out the coffee he was drinking and lowered his magazine. "WHAT! HENRY EXPLAIN," my mother, shrieked and turned her wrathful eyes upon her brown-haired husband who was currently suffering from a bad case of bed head. After meeting his wife angry gaze, he turned his dark eyes towards me, with the burning unspoken question appearing in his eyes, why would you do that to me, haven't I been a good dad? After meeting my dad's reproachful eyes, I felt a flash of guilt but consoled myself with the common knowledge that when meeting an angry momma bear, you don't have to outrun her, you only have to outrun the person next to you. Waving his arms about, trying to convince my mom not to rush to judgment, "I said no such thing Camille" Henry quickly defended. Knowing that my mom needed a final push, I sealed my father fate with the final nail in the coffin. With the most innocent voice, I could manage, I asked, "But dad, didn't you say that the pepperup potion was so easy to make that a five-year-old could brew it." After hearing those words, Camille's blond hair began slowly rising on its own, seemingly alive, "Interesting." She said. "Now Camille, it was just an expression" Henry stuttered. Satisfied that my mom had found herself a new target, I thought to myself Alex -3 Mom -2 Dad -0, I quietly snuck out of the dining room; however, before I could make the final getaway, I gave the condemned a final glance to remember his brave sacrifice. As I met my father gaze, I noticed a crafty smile appear on his face, and I couldn't help but think DANGER WILL ROBINSON… DANGER. "Its true dear, I did say that," Henry said to Camille, "I told Alex that a five-year-old could brew that potion, However at the time of the alleged brewing he was not five, as he just turned five today." As Camille heard these words, she murmured, "That's true." I couldn't help but think, Well played father Alex -3 Mom -2 Dad -1 I blanched at my mother expression after seeing her face once it turned towards me and I thought, Rule #35 in the event you ever see that mom make that face, RUN! I raced through the living room trying to make a getaway. Camille shouted, "OH NO YOU DON'T." and whipped out a wand and flicked it towards the heavy drapes covering the windows. As I ran the drapes came alive and began reaching out towards me, when they were unable to reach me, they began magically growing and were able to catch me. After wrapping me up so that I couldn't escape, the drapes lifted me into the air and presented me as a gift on a silver platter before my mother. "Does the condemned have any final words?" Camille said with a shark-like smile on her face. Rule #99 popped into my head, if punishment is unavoidable, respond by being too adorable to punish harshly. "But mommy, you were sick, and I knew that the pepperup potion makes people feel better, and I just wanted you to feel better," I said in a small voice. Seeing my mom's expression soften, and she responded, "The potion that Henry gave me the other day was the one you brewed." I slowly nodded and thought Alex-4, Mom -3, Dad -1. Camille's heart melted a little inside, but she steeled herself and said, "Alex potions are incredibly dangerous, if brewed incorrectly you could hurt yourself. How do you think that would have made me feel." After hearing these words, my eyes shifted down guiltily, unable to meet my mother's gaze. She continued, "As for your punishment, we will decide that tomorrow, as today is your birthday, now go to your room and get dressed for the day, your uncle and his wife are coming in a bit along with your grandparents to visit." After being released by the drapes and set down, I trudged up the stairs towards my room, All of the painting on the wall made clear that they agreed with my mother that what I had done was indeed foolish. After getting into my room, I threw myself on my four-poster bed. I tallied up the points, and I thoughtfully considered that what ended up being the best defense to the situation ended up being the truth. I truly did want my mom to feel better, so I made the potion, the fact I also really wanted to make a magic potion was simply killing two birds with one stone.
After Alex had trudged up the stairs, Camille turned to Henry and said, "Can you believe your son did that." Henry replied with a cheeky grin, "Why is it when Alex does something naughty, all of a sudden, Alex is my child, but whenever he does something impressive, he is your child." Camille flipped her hair around and said, "Hmph…, after over ten years of marriage, sometimes it's like you don't even know me at all." Henry grumbled under his breath, "there no knowing crazy." Right as Camille was getting ready to respond a small elf-like creature with large green eyes and drooping ears suddenly appeared with a resounding crack. It was wearing a white toga, stamped with the Falwley family crest, a hawk surrounded by stars. In a high pitch tone, the elf squeaked, "Master Henry's mother has arrived and is waiting in the foyer." Henry responded, "Thank you, Lola, for letting us know." The elf disappeared with a crack, and Camille complained to Henry's "Your mother wasn't supposed to be here until noon." "I know," Henry responded, "But she was probably eager to see Alex on his birthday. Lately, she has been hinting that she would like to spend more time with him and begin teaching him his letters and numbers, in case you're to busy with your potion making. Ever since the death eaters killed my father in the war, she has been getting kind of lonely in her house, and it doesn't help that my brother rarely visits, being so busy with his ship." "I know, I know, I will cut her some slack, but if she thinks that she will need to spend a lot of time teaching Alex then she has underestimated his intelligence, he picks things up so quickly it almost unnatural." Camille responded. Henry replied, "Even if she doesn't have to teach him very much, it will be good for Alex to spend some more time with her." Upstairs in his room, Alex had no idea that his parents were deciding how he would be spending the next few months. Sometime later, I descended the stairs into the living room, where I found my grandmother sitting with my parents drinking tea. It was hard for me to keep my eyes off of grandmother's enormous burgundy hat, for woven into the hat, was a hawk that seemed to be glaring at me. Don't you look at me like that you dumb bird, I didn't weave you into that hat. I complained to myself. After I greeted my grandmother, my parents waved for me to sit next to them while they discussed recent events. Just as the boredom got to be too much to bear, a loud thump could be heard coming from the solid black cabinet that was over 9 feet tall. After a moment the cabinet suddenly opened, and the salty smell of the ocean filled the room while a tall raven haired pale man stepped inside wearing long black duster along with an Egyptian woman with long flowing dark hair wearing a brightly black sleeveless dress with a twin golden snake armband adorning her arms. "Are we too late for the party." The man spoke in a booming voice. Camille rose with a smile on her face and said, "John, Nefret, I'm so glad you could make it, and where is little Omar." Nefret responded while shaking her head. " Omar couldn't come, my father took him on a trip to South America, and he hasn't returned home yet." "Now, where is the little wizard, I recently learned about a fascinating custom in the states. It has to do with hexing the birthday boy" John interrupted and made a show of looking around the room. I jumped up with a smile on my face, and dashed out of the room while shouting, "you'll never catch me alive you old pirate." John looked at his brother with an incredulous look, "did he just call me old." John pulled out his wand and gave chase while shouting, "this will not stand, calling a dashing young pirate wizard, an old man." As I ran out of the living room and past the dining room into the kitchen, my uncle caught up with me, so I dove for the stairs leading to the basement. "Oh no, you don't you little brat," my uncle shouted. He flicked his wand at me and all of a sudden I was floating in midair. With a satisfied look on his face, he returned to the family room with me floating behind him. After being brought back to the family room, I shot a pleading look at my father for him to intervene. The gleam in his eye told me in no uncertain term that this was payback for trying to throw him under the bus and he would not be intervening. As I floated helplessly before the rest of my family, my uncle mused, "now what spell would be most appropriate for the birthday boy." My father weighed in with a malicious gleam in his eyes, "There is always the tickling charm, and I know for a fact that Alex is extremely ticklish." I glared at my father with death in my eyes and promised retribution for this harsh betrayal. Sensing my uncle getting ready to make his move, I made a last-ditch effort by pleading for mercy with my mother. With a smile appearing on her face, she whispered "Well it is a foreign tradition and you know I love learning about other cultures." My uncle pointed his wand at me with a cheshire cat grin and chanted, "Rictusempra." A silver burst of light erupted from his wand and hit me. Unable to move in the air, I laughed uncontrollably as the spell tickled my entire body. After several minutes of this, with tears streaming down my face, and kicking the air uncontrollably. A well of energy swelled up inside of me and burst out as I screamed, "enough." Abruptly, the tickling spell ended, as well as whatever spell was keeping me suspended in the air, and I collapsed to the ground with a thud. After catching my breath, I dusted my self off with as much dignity I could manage. I glanced around the room and went to the only remaining safe-haven in the room, grandma. I climbed into her lap, and her arms wrapped protectively around me, I glanced at my speechless family and stuck my tongue out. John smiled and admiringly said, "That was an impressive display of underage magic, I sense another strong Fawley wizard in the making." Mother preened at my uncle's praise, attributing my burst of magic as her accomplishment. "That's nothing, why just the other day my son brewed a potion without any help from anyone." she bragged. "I do believe that Alex is our son," Henry interjected, trying to remind Camille to share my deeds with him as well. "Hmph," Camille tossed her hair with a quick turn and challenged, "Oh and who is the master potioneer in this house. The second he begins enchanting objects and blowing stuff up is when you can take responsibility." My father visibly deflated at her words, conceding the battle. I watched the unfolding drama, and a smile tugged at my lips, while I thought, who needs a tv when one's family is this entertaining. After my mom stopped teasing dad, Nefret spoke out in carefully worded English, rang out asked, "When will Alex begin school?" I perked up and chimed in with an unmistakable eagerness in my voice, "hopefully soon." My dad shook his head and replied, "Not for a while, Hogwarts doesn't allow students to attend until they are 11. He should be going in 1989; had he been born three days earlier he would be able to start in 88." After I heard that it would be almost seven years until I could attend Hogwarts, I glared at my mother to let her know that I blamed her. My mom saw my expression and laughed, "Don't look at me like that; you were supposed to be born on Aug 25. It was you who decide to take your sweet time, so you only have yourself to blame." After seeing my indignant expression, uncle John stood up and said, "Don't worry little guy, time will pass faster than you think. I might have brought a little something to keep your mind off school." I watched my uncle open his leather duster and made a show of sticking his arm into the inside pocket; a laugh escaped me when I saw how his arm magically sank up to his shoulder while he was digging around in his small pocket. "I know I put it around here somewhere," he stated, "ah, here it is," and pulled out what looked like a black rock half the size of a football. John tossed the rock towards me and said, "Think fast." The first thing I noticed after I caught the rock was the heat rising from it. I studied the rock a little closer and noticed strange geometric patterns randomly placed on the rock "What does the rock do," I asked. Nefret interjected, "It's not a rock; it's a Lamassu egg." She handed me a book and said, "I think you will find this useful." I glanced at the cover and saw the title Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them. Underneath the title were many different images of magical creatures that randomly moved around the book as they pleased. My mom asked in a worried tone, "is it safe." Uncle John responded, "of course, a Lamassu will bond with the first thing it sees and consider it a family. It only becomes dangerous if something threatens its family." After hearing my uncle reply, my dad narrowed his eyes and pointedly asked, "is it legal." Uncle John innocently pointed his hand towards himself and protested, "Of course, would I ever break any of the increasingly stringent and unnecessary laws the ministry has been foisting on the wizarding world." I heard my father respond in a tone that would accept no-nonsense, "John." John pulled out a document and waived it like a white flag and said, "Ok I give, here is the necessary immigration form approving the Lamassu entry into the country. It wasn't easy, but Amos Diggory is an old friend and he works in the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Beasts." I smiled and asked, "does this mean I get to keep it." I saw my parents look at each other and have a silent conversation with their eyes. With resignation in her voice, my mother responded, "yes, but it's your responsibility to take care of it; we won't be doing a thing." With a wide smile on my face, I hurriedly assured them, "Don't worry; you won't have to do a single thing." I silently watched the egg, expecting it to hatch at any moment, after a few moments, I shot my uncle looked and questioned, "Is it broken." He replied, "They only can only hatch on a night with no moonlight." It was times like these that made me miss having all the information on the internet at my fingertips. How did people handle random questions that they needed an answer too before the internet? I felt a pat on my head as my grandmother said, "Lucky you, I do believe that there will be a new moon tonight." "Why don't you go put that up into your room for safekeeping," my father said. I got up and rushed upstairs, after entering my room, I set the egg carefully on my pillow and after making sure that the egg was secure and not in danger if rolling off the bed. I returned downstairs to find several more presents awaiting me. I looked at my parents for permission, after receiving the nod, I tore into the presents in a manner that is only cute in a child. Deciding to work from smaller to the large packages, I grabbed the smallest present. After I tore the wrapping, I saw a small blue leather journal with my name etched in the top of the cover. As I looked up, my dad said, "It's enchanted to hide its contents, so no one can read what you write." I ran over and hugged him and whispered loudly, "Thanks dad; this will be handy to keep secrets from a certain nosy nelly," I pointedly didn't look in my mother's direction. "Hmph, I would ever do anything so deceitful." my mom replied indignantly. "Go on, open mine next," my mom quickly changed the conversation and pointed her wand at a book-sized present and flicked it towards me. The red-wrapped present launched itself at my face, I quickly reached up and caught it before it could take my head off, the present seemed to shake in my hand as if it couldn't wait to for me to unwrap it. I threw a disgruntled look towards my mom for nearly taking my head off and tore the wrapping off and I found a book with the title The Fundamentals of Potion Making, "It's a handwritten book," my mother explained in a fond voice "I was able to someone special to write it, Nicholas Flamel." After I hearing that the author was Nicholas Flamel, I looked at my mother unable to articulate how much it meant to me. I reverently held the book, within these pages was information written by one of the most famous wizards in the world. Flamel was over six hundred years old, and the only publicly acknowledged immortal wizard of our time, due the creation of the philosopher stone. A loud whistle shook me from my thoughts; my uncle exclaimed: "how did you get him to write that book for Alex." My mother replied with a huff, "I've been telling people that we are related, but no ever seems to believe me." Everyone laughed at her indignant expression I set the book down and reached for the last remaining present; it was a long rectangular box. My grandmother spoke, as I removed the lid and found a long broomstick inside. "It's a Fawley family tradition to get a broomstick for your 5th birthday." I only vaguely remember a few of the different models from the harry potter books; I asked eagerly, "Is it a nimbus." "NO!" my dad and uncle's voice angrily rang out at the same time. "You didn't tell him," my uncle accused my father with a betrayed look. My father retorted, "He is only five, he doesn't need to know." I interjected, "know what?" My uncle and father seemed to have a wordless argument, before uncle John threw up his hands and shouted, "fine, keep him ignorant." After a few awkward moments of silence, my grandmother broke the ice, "No, honey, it's a bluebottle." She turned to mother to reassure her, "It's the safest broomstick available." She continued, "It's nowhere near as fast as a racing broom, and has dozens of spells to ensure safety." I jumped up and hugged my grandmother, "Thank you so much." I turned and ran to my dad and pleaded with big eyes, "Can we please, please, please go outside and fly." He replied with a smirk, "I don't know, more guest should be coming for your party in a few hours." I mustered up all the adorableness I could manage and pleaded with puppy dog eyes "Please, I'll be good, it won't take very long please." "Fine," he relented, "grab your broomstick, and we can go outside and have your first lesson." I jumped up and ran outside, eager for my first lesson. Unfortunately, I've learned things rarely go as well as you plan.
As I ran out of the house into the back yard, eagerly imagining how I was going to soar through the air and conquer gravity. I swung my leg over the broomstick and shot an impatient look towards the house. A few moments later, my uncle swaggered into the backyard with a broomstick slung over his shoulder. My father followed closely behind. Uncle John said, "Not so fast if we're gonna do this we do this the proper way." I raised my left eyebrow in response and replied, "Is there a wrong way to get onto a broom." He laughed and said, "put it on the ground, stand next to it and command it to your hand." I vaguely remember this tradition from the books, but I always thought it was rather stupid, why would you set a broom on the ground only to tell it to right back to your hand in the first place. I shot my uncle an unpressed look and replied, "that doesn't seem necessary; I already have the broom in my hand." Father, interjected, "There is a good reason for this, broomsticks have many different charms and spell layered into them, one of the simplest is rising to the owner's hand when called." His face brightened as he continued in what I called dad's lecture mode, "As a broomstick get older, there is a chance that some of the charms and spells wear off. A good rule of thumb is calling the broomstick to your hand. If it works, then the broom is most likely fine. There have been plenty of wizards who hopped on an old broomstick and climbed into the sky only to fall when the charm stops working. That's why you always should use the command before getting on a broom." I gulped and thought to myself, wtf, what do you mean 'most likely', if I'm going to hop on a wooden stick I would like a little bit more of a guarantee than "most likely." I set the broomstick on the ground, and said, "but this is a new broom so it should be fine right." Uncle John chuckled, and claimed, "not being 100 percent sure it's gonna work is half of the fun of flying." "It'll be fine," my father soothed, "now reach out with your hand and tell it to come up." A picture formed in my mind, I imagined the broom rising on my first command, just like Harry did, then I would soar through the air like a bird, the skies would be mine to command. I reached out and said, "up." The broomstick did a very convincing job of playing dead. After carefully nudging the broom with my foot, I looked at my dad and said, "you were right, someone should always test a new broom before trying to find out if it's defective, this broom is broken, I want a refund." Uncle John collapsed and began laughing at me. "What," I defended, "it's clearly broken." Dad walked over and put his hand on my shoulder to comfort me, "It can take a while to get the hang of this, let's try again. I decided to give it another try and said, "Up?" "You're asking the broom, when what you need to be doing is telling the broom what to do," my father explained. "Maybe he just doesn't have what it takes to be a wizard," uncle John mocked. Closing my eyes, I reached out and commanded, "UP." Instantly, the broom rose up and smacked my hand, with a grin on my face, I shot a victorious look at my uncle. Dad smiled at my expression and said, "Now hop on the broom, but don't kick off the ground yet." I carefully followed my dad's instructions, determined not to have the same type of flying experience as Neville did." "Good," dad intoned, coming up next to me with his broom, he continued, "Now what I want you to do is gently kick off with your feet. The broom rose into the air after I made a small motion with my feet, I shot him a nervous look as I hovered a few feet off the ground. Dad shot me an encouraging look and said, "Very good; now I want you just to get used to being off the ground." After a few minutes, I questioned, "I thought that this would be more uncomfortable, I can't really feel the broomstick, it feels like I'm sitting on a cushion of air." John replied, "That would be the cushioning charm coming into effect, many wizards use brooms to travel long distances. Putting all of your weight onto a stick for a few hours would be extremely uncomfortable." My mother poked her head out the window and shouted, "Henry, I need you inside for a moment." Before heading inside, my dad turned and said, "Don't do anything until I get back." I thought to myself gleefully, watch out world, now that I conquered gravity, there is no stopping me now. In response to my lofty thoughts, the universe decided that I was getting a big head, so it decided to play with me for a bit, and I began slowly rising into the air. I yelled towards my uncle, "WHY AM I GOING UP." As I made a hopping motion trying to force it back down to the ground, but was unsuccessful in doing, if anything that made it worse. Uncle John sarcastically answered, "You're going upward because brooms are designed to fly in an upward fashion." Keeping a death grip on the broom, I retorted, "That isn't very helpful." Who said I was trying to be helpful," Uncle John replied with a Cheshire cat smile. After I got the broom to stop rising around 20 feet off the ground, I shouted, "How am I supposed to get down from here." "You know how birds push their babies off trees to teach them to fly." "FLY BABY FLY." Uncle John mockingly yelled. It had never occurred to me before this moment, that my uncle was crazy, hell maybe my whole family is crazy. I mean who thought that giving me a broomstick when I was five and leaving me to the tender mercy of a crazy uncle was good parenting. I decided to pull out the big guns, "I tell my mom," I threatened. For some reason, my threat only made him laugh harder. Unknown to me, inside the attic, the rest of my family watched me flail about in the air. "I feel like we should have told him that the bluebottle broom has an anti-falling charm put on it," Camille whispered to her husband while watching from the attic window. "He'll be fine, once he gets over his initial fear, and starts controlling the broom" Henry comforted, "Besides, this is how our dad taught us how to fly, and everything worked out just fine." Camille tore her eyes off of her son floating in the sky and challenged, "Then why aren't you out there doing it." Henry smirked and replied, "Because while I'm sure Alex will one day look back at this fondly, he has an incredible memory, and he sure knows how to hold a grudge." In the sky, after a few minutes of panic, the initial fear began to leave me, and I began to appreciate the view. This isn't so bad, I thought to myself. Seeing that I had somewhat calmed down uncle John shot up next to me and said, "That wasn't so bad now was it." On the inside, I swore that one day I would have my revenge, and replied with clenched teeth "Ya, it's not so bad." "Alright, alright, I'll show you how to control it. Broomsticks are controlled in two different ways. First, is direction, you use your hands and push the end of the handle where you want to go. To go up, pull back, to go down, push down, and to go left or right pull in the direction you want to go." Uncle John explained. "What if I just want to stay level" I quickly said. He replied, "That's the easy part, just let go, your not gonna fall off if you do. The cushioning charm supports your entire lower body, so balance isn't an issue." I had to send multiple commands to my fingers before they would loosen, it was like they didn't believe my uncle words After I removed the pressure on the broom, and it immediately stabilized. "Like this," I clarified. He continued, "Good, now speed is even easier to control. If you want to go faster lean forward, the lower you lean, the faster you go and to slow down, all you have to do is sit back up. Now, let's take it slow and do a few laps." I learned an important lesson while flying. If you fly around with your mouth open, be prepared to swallow a bunch of bugs. After the flying lesson, I stopped and hovered around 100 feet off of the ground and admired the bird's eye view of the house grounds. The red three-story brick estate was an impressive sight. In the back was a large glass greenhouse that I knew better to enter, inside were many of the plants mom used in her potion making. Some were relatively harmless, others were aggressive and could do a lot of damage if given a chance. In the front was a rarely used dirt road that leads to a paved road. A large iron gate prevented muggled from entering our property uninvited. On both sides of the gate was a large stone wall that stretched off in the distance. "Enjoying the view," John called out to me. I nodded and pointed to the sea of trees and asked, "How big is the Fawley property?" "Around a thousand acres or so, your grandmother's house is on the other side of the forest. This land has been our families land for over a thousand years." He continued, "One of our ancestors was paranoid about a raid from the newly established ministry of magic, and so he made the whole property unplottable and set all sorts of concealment spells on the walls. Supposedly he built himself a vanishing tower where he could bunker down out there somewhere. When your dad and I were younger, we spent many hours looking for it, but couldn't find it; maybe you will have better luck." I swore to myself, one day that magic tower will be mine. I could already picture myself in the tower doing powerful magic and cackling madly. "All right, that's enough for today; you still have a party to look forward to." Uncle John informed me. After heading inside, mother told me, "Go upstairs and get ready for your party, I invited many of our friends over and they will be bringing kids your age to play." "But I don't want to hang out with other kids, they are so annoying." I responded. Mom and Dad looked at each other concern in there eyes and had another wordless conversation. "It will be good for you, its time you met kids your own age who aren't family. We are concerned that you don't have any friends your age to play with, this will be a good chance to meet some of your fellow wizards that you may end up at Hogwarts with." Dad replied. "Fine" I gave in, not wanting my parents to continue worry about my lack of interest in hanging out with children my age.
As the day wore on, more wizard and witches arrived at our house, some arrived on brooms, while most came through the floo network. Among their number, were my three aunts from my mom's side of the family. As they arrived within the fireplace, I noticed that they brought with them their gaggle of kids consisting of entirely of girls, nine of them to be exact. Decided that discretion was the better part of valor I left the room in a hasty retreat, determined not to get volunteered to entertain my cousins. In my defense, I learned my lesson last summer, when we all went to France, where I was forced to be a makeup model for the girls. I retreated to my Father's study, where he and my uncle were debating with some old friends of theirs from Hogwarts. The subject was whether the Appleby Arrows or the Winbourn Wasps were the better quidditch team. I'm telling you the Arrows have got this next match in the bag, they have three good chasers, and their keeper is one of the best there is; the Wasps have no chance at all." Dad argued. "Rubbish," snorted a brown haired wizard, "The wasps have two world-class beaters who will prevent the Arrows chasers from scoring, and they have the better seeker." "Come off it Amos, I wouldn't call their seeker better, at most they are about even," dad retorted. Uncle John shot a smile my way and interjected, "Alright, let's ask the little guy who's better." Everyone in the room turned in my direction. Without saying a word, I pointed at my blue shirt with silver arrows that were constantly moving. "Of course he sides with the arrows, the poor boy has had them shoved down his throat his whole life," Amos scoffed. Uncle John winked at me and asked, "what are you doing in here with all these stuffy wizards? Go have fun with some other kids; I'm sure some are running around here that are your age. Just don't burn the place down." Amos moved a young boy with dark hair into view and piped up, "Speaking of which, this is my son, Cedric. He is about your age, why don't you boys run along and see what sort of trouble you can find." I froze once I heard the name, I was not prepared to come face to face with someone from the books. I didn't know how to respond. What do you say to someone who has been marked for death? Eventually, I stammered, "Nice to meet you. I'm Alex." Cedric gave a hesitant smile and replied, "Cedric." Not knowing what to say, I blurted out, "want to go see my egg." He raised an eyebrow in response and replied, "sure, why not." I motioned him to follow as I headed upstairs, carefully avoiding the attention of my French cousins who were running and driving the adults nuts. After making our way through the house and up the stairs to my room, I closed my wooden door behind me with a sigh of relief. I walked over to my bed and grabbed the big black egg and turned to Cedric and said, "Check this out." Cedric came over, and I handed the egg to him, he ran his fingers over there strange patterns. He asked curiously, "What is it." "It's a Lamussa," I gleefully responded. "Cool," responded Cedic. While studying the egg, my door burst open. Cedric and I jumped and nearly dropped the egg. Angered that I nearly dropped the egg, I carefully set it back on the bed, and I turned on the intruder and yelled, "Get out." Breathing heavily by the door was a blond hair girl who turned and said, "Shhh, they may hear you." Cedric asked "who." "The French monsters of mayhem," she retorted, "now be quiet." I felt conflicting emotions within me, on the one hand, I wanted her gone, on the other, I had the feeling she would not go quietly, which may attract the attention of the monsters. Deciding that one more addition to the room was better than the rest of my cousins finding us, I sighed, "Fine; you can stay, lock the door behind you, and don't touch anything." "Ooh, what is that," she said, looking at my bed. "It's my Lamassu," I proudly said. "And that is," She questioned. Annoyed that she was not responded the way Cedric did and too embarrassed to admit I hadn't the faintest clue what a Lamassu was, I dramatically said, "It a magical beast of great power." She smirked and asked sweetly, "what does it look like." Glaring balefully at her, I mentally added her to my list of nemesis. "Its kinda hard to describe their species," I said through gritted teeth. Meeting my eyes, she countered with a knowing grin, "You know, there is nothing wrong with not knowing everything." Somehow we ended up in a staring contest, Glaring at her strange purple eyes vowing to myself that I would die before I would let this little girl get the best of me. Interrupting our strange staring contest, Cedric, holding my book on fantastic beast said, "This book states that everyone is unique, they take many different forms, cats and bulls like creatures are most common. They also have wings, and sometimes they can even develop horns." After hearing about the strange species, I gave Cedric thumps up for coming to my rescue. I shot a triumphant look towards the girl, and haughtily said, "I told you it was hard to describe their species, I don't know what it looks like until it hatches." She looked at the pair of us suspiciously and huffed, "Fine, I was just saying." "So what's your name?" Cedric asked. "Anna Lancaster, Whats yours." She replied. Not quite ready to forgive being challenged, I grunted, "Alex." "Cedric Diggory," Cedric responded with an easy smile. "Wait, you said Lancaster, you wouldn't happen to be related to Taylor Lancaster who plays keeper for the Appleby Arrows would you," I questioned. With a proud nod, she replied, "That's my dad." I mentally erased her from my list of nemesis, and nonchalantly asked, "Is your dad here today." "No, my mom brought me, right now, dad is practicing for his next match." Mentally disappointed that I wouldn't be meeting my favorite quidditch player, I asked, "Who is your mom." Anna face fell and quietly said, "Barbra is my mom. I think she is friends with your mom." "Does she have anything to do with potion making," I queried. Anna carefully nodded "I thought her name sounded familiar; I heard my mom talking to my dad about her the other day." Anna narrowed her eyes and sneered at me, "Oh ya, and what did your mom say about my mom." Confused by her words, I replied, "Only out of all the master potion masters in England; she was one of the best. Why? What were you expecting." Not expecting my response, "oh," she responded in a small voice, "Ya, she is good at making potions." After a moment of uncomfortable silence, I changed the subject. "So is there any possibility of getting tickets to see the Appleby Arrows, they are my favorite quidditch team. "Maybe, I can always ask," Anna replied. All of a sudden, my mom banged on my door and raged, "What do you think you're doing hiding in your room, I thought we had discussed you are getting to know some kids your age." Shooting an embarrassed look towards Cedric and Anna, I retorted, "I am hanging out with some friends." Not believing me, she tried to enter my room but wasn't able to get past the locked door. After a moment of silence, the door was thrown open with a bang, she entered wand out and hair whipping about madly. Seeing that I did have company, her hair settled and said righteously "Well, it's nice that you're up here with friends, but everyone else is wondering where the man of the hour is, so get your butt downstairs or else." "Fine," I gloomily responded. Turning to Ceric and Anna, "Let's go." Surprisingly the rest of the party wasn't terrible, having Cedric and Anna by my side made the rest of the party go by in a flash. As people began to leave, a tall woman with blond hair came over and said, "Come on, Anna time to go." As she and her mother headed toward the fireplace, I called out, "Maybe sometime, Ced and I can come and meet your Dad." Seeing her mom's nod of approval, she said, "Sure, it be fun." Then she shot me a sarcastic look and mockingly said "Maybe you can bring your magical beast of great power along" and then she disappeared in a green flash of fire. Annoyed that she got the last word in I turned to Cedric and sighed "Girls," "Girls," He agreed. Luckily, Cedric and his father were among the last to leave, as they were on their way out. I thanked Amos, "Thanks for getting my Lamassu approved." Winking at me, Amos replied, "whatever do you mean." And then he grabbed Cedric and disappeared with a crack. Later that night, I lied in bed, thinking over the day's event. I had met people from the books, but instead of characters, they were real people. What was I supposed to do, should I tell them about their future and risk sounding like a crackpot. Hell maybe me being here alters the future, maybe this universe is only similar to the book and not 100 percent accurate. Deciding I would need more information before acting; I put it out of mind. Opening Fantastic Beast and Where They Come From, I turned to the sections on Lamassu's. Lamassu's are protectors and guardians. Upon birth, they will create a lifetime bond with the first creature or person that they see. They are highly territorial and protective of what they consider family. It's has been confirmed that they can see through most disguises such as invisibility cloaks and polygraph potions. They also seemingly can sense when another is directing hostile thought towards them; it is unknown how they can do so. The ability to sense danger makes them effective protectors and guardians; it is currently unknown how they can detect danger. Absorbed with reading the book, I didn't notice the red glow emanating from the patterns on the egg, what I did notice it when it rolled into me as if it was annoying that I wasn't paying attention to it. The egg seemed to settle after I gave it my full attention. A long two hours later, and I was barely able to keep my eyes open when I heard the egg begin to crack. My sleepiness vanished into thin air, and it was all I could do to keep still. A small piece of the egg broke off, and a paw emerged. From there, the Lamassu sensed freedom was within its grasp, and it increased its struggle, which broke the egg into many pieces. A small dark bundle rolled out and landed in my hands. I brought the fur ball closer to get a better look; it was catlike with black fur and tiger stripes made of gold, it's wings were covered with dark midnight blue feathers tipped with silver upon them. Small little black nubs adorned its head, and it let out an adorable cry and bit me on the hand. "Och," not expecting to be bitten, I dropped the Lamassu on the bed and felt a wave of energy passed through me along with the knowledge that it was a female. Seemingly upset that I was no longer holding her, she mewled like a kitten. Realizing that she was most likely hungry, I called out,"Lola." With a loud crack, our house elf appeared next to the bed and bowed, "Yes, Master Alex." I hurriedly asked, "Do you have any food; I think she hungry." She smiled wildly, happy to be of service and snapped her fingers. and a plate full of fish appeared on my bed, "Here you are master Alex." The furry creature launched itself off my hands onto the plate and began devouring the fish and an incredible pace. When all the fish was gone, she rambled back over to my hands and curled up in my hands and began purring contentedly. Rubbing its head, I asked, "Now what should we call you little one." She cocked her head and looked up at me with surprisingly intelligent green eyes. "Athena," I whispered, "You look like an Athena to me." Athena nodded contentedly indicating her approval and promptly fell asleep. The next day I couldn't wait to show my parents how awesome Athena was. It was then that I discovered if I so much as set her down Athena began wailing at the top of her surprisingly loud lungs. On day one it was adorable, but as time went on I found it increasingly annoying.
The following week while sitting around our dinner table eating breakfast and playing with Athena, my mother declared, "It's time for you to begin your basic schooling so you'll be spending your mornings at your grandmothers." I protested, "But, I can already read and write, what more do I need to learn." Mother rolled her eyes, "There is always more you can learn, and it will be good for you to spend some time with her and out of this house." That's a low blow, mom, I thought to myself. Deciding that I needed a new strategy, I countered, "But you said that I could start helping you with your potion making." She shook her head and responded, "I am about to begin brewing one of the most complicated potions there is, it takes over six months to brew, one mistake or slip up and the whole thing would be worthless. So I can't afford any distractions whatsoever." Unable to help myself, I curiously replied, "What potion," She smiled, sensing that she had successfully distracted me, "Felix Felicis, otherwise known as liquid luck. If I can pull this off, it will bring in so many galleons that I relax over the next few years." My jaw dropped, I remember that potion from the Half-Blood Prince, I didn't expect that I would come into contact with one of the most incredible potions from the series. "Why don't more wizards make the Felix potion. Having a bottle of luck in your pocket seems like a useful thing to have." I questioned. She replied with a proud look on her face, "Of course, everyone would like to have some, but I bet there are less than fifty potions masters in The United Kingdom who could brew the potion. Another consideration is the cost of ingredients, only wizards and witches who are very sure of their skill would try to make it, failure is too expensive. Not to mention if you want to be able to sell your potion, you have to have your master potions license from the Ministry of Magic." Confused about why someone would need a license, I asked, "Why would you need a license to make the potion." "Not to make, to sell," my mother corrected. Sensing the question I was about to ask she continued, "Every potion that is sold is required to have a magical mark on it that is registered to the potion maker by the Ministry. When a potion maker registers with the ministry, they receive the mark. Officially, it guarantees that the potion maker is a qualified potions master, and the potion is safe for consumption." "I am sensing a but coming," I replied She smiled and tossed my hair, "Yes, registered potion makers have to re-register every five years to continue selling their potions, the fee 100 galleons." An outraged expression appeared on my face; I demanded, "Why is it the Ministry's concern if someone is selling potions. I thought that their sole purpose is to make sure that wizards obey the statue of secrecy. The license sounds like the government invented to make money." She smirked at my outrage and replied, "You are a Fawley through and through, your father and uncle sometime go on and on about how the ministry is constantly expanding their authority. Officially, It falls under their purview because if an incorrect brewed potion could theoretically break the statue of secrecy. All I will say on the subject is, would you want to drink a potion from someone you don't know. At least with the license, you are somewhat secure in the knowledge that whoever made the potion knows what they are doing." After mulling over her word for a few minutes, I pointed out a flaw in that logic, "Couldn't a potion master create his brand, and over time build trust with his customer base." Her eyes dancing with mirth, she smirked and responded, "Wouldn't that be a good idea, but then the ministry would be out all of those hard-earned galleons." Deciding to shift the subject, I nonchalantly said, "Speaking of master potioneers; I met Anna Lancaster the other day, I think you are friends with her mom." "Yes, she is a very successful potion master." Mom replied. I continued, "She had a strange reaction when I talked about her mom. I think she assumed people didn't like her mother for some reason." Mom sighed and said, "That's because she is a squib. Most witches and wizards don't like talking about squibs. One of the biggest fears in a wizards family is your child being a squib. Magic is such an everyday part of our lives; it can be difficult for squibs to remain in wizard society. Well, Barb wasn't going to let the fact she had almost no magic stop her. She was able to convince her grandmother to teach her how to make potions. She has dedicated her whole life to be a potions master; it is what has made her one of the best potion masters in Europe. Anyways she had some trouble getting her license from the ministry, some of the people who worked there had a problem with her being a better potion maker than they are. Not to mention, a successful potion master is a very lucrative career." "That couldn't have been easy," I replied, not knowing what else to say, and glad that I didn't mention that I thought that Anna was ashamed of her mom. "Now stop trying to delay your schooling and head over to your grandmother." Mother shooed me out of the dining room towards the fireplace. Grabbing Athena off the table, I made my way to the fireplace in the family room, while grumbling, "Fine, I'm going." After I made my way to the fireplace, my mother held out the glass bowl full of floo powder. Grabbing a handful and throwing towards the ground, I shouted, "Fawley cottage." A green fire containing no heat erupted from the ground surrounding me, which yanked me from my house's fireplace and belched me out at my grandmother's fireplace. Coughing from inhaling all the surrounding ash and smoke, I stumbled out of the brick fireplace thinking, Whoever invented the floo network is seven parts crazy and three parts genius. I mean what kind of wizard looks around and says oh well no one uses the fireplace for it's intended purpose, I know let's use it for transportation, so it doesn't go to waste. As cool as it is, I swear, when I come of age, I will learn to apparate, so I don't have to deal with all this ash and smoke. A few minutes later, I heard my grandmother's voice, "head on back, dearie." As I made my way through the wooden cottage, I noticed all the pictures that covered the grey colored walls waving at me as I passed. Some were of my grandparents when they were young; others had my dad and uncle running around in them. I even saw one of myself; let me tell you there is nothing weirder than finding a picture of yourself as a baby waving to you. Finding my grandma in the back room, I noticed she had set up a two old desk sitting next to her with a pile of parchment and several books. She looked up and greeted me with a smile that all grandmother develop. "Have a seat, and we'll get started." Not wanting to sit through lessons about stuff I already know. So I bragged, "I have a near perfect memory, it has helped me learn how to read and write, and even my numbers." Without missing a beat, she smiled, pointed towards the quill, and said, "Show me." I grabbed the feathered quill, dipped into the ink and quickly wrote, Alexander Fawley, son of Henry and Camille Fawley, then I signed it and slid it over to her with a smug grin. "Tsk. Tsk" came sounded from my grandmother as she looked over my parchment. Grabbing a quill, she quickly wrote something and slid the parchment back towards me with a smile, "Now try again." Confused, grabbing the parchment I looked at what she had written and saw in flawless calligraphy, Dolores Fawley, wife of George Fawley, and mother to Henry and John Fawley. Comparing the two styles was like comparing night to day, her's looked like it belonged on an invitation from royalty, whereas mine looked like chicken scratch. After trying again, I slid the parchment across the table quickly trying to showcase my annoyance, Without so much as looking at it, she said, "When your words resemble mine perfectly, we can move forward." She looked me in my eyes and sweetly smiled "I'm sure a bright young man such as yourself will pick it up in no time." My, what big eyes you have grandma, I bitterly thought. Somehow grandmother's smile had morphed into something much more sinister. After wincing at the hand cramps to come, I began writing. A few hours later, my grandmother, peaked her head back into the room and decided to take pity on me, "That's enough for today." Standing up quickly, not wanting to give her a chance to change her mind, I bolted from the back room. She followed and made a peace offering as we made our way to the living room, "Come on, it's time for lunch. Afterward, we can talk about anything you want." Later, as we sat around the living room with the grandmother sitting in her favorite yellow chair and drinking her tea, I blurted out, "So why do my dad and uncle hate the Nimbus Racing Broom Company?" A large sigh escaped her, setting her tea down, she responded, "That is a long and complicated story. Your grandfather was a brilliant wizard. Against his father's wishes, he started Fawley's Wonderous Enchantments. One of his biggest dreams was to design the fastest racing broom in the world. He dedicated his life to the project; then he met a fellow wizard by the name of Devin Whithorn. I gulped after feeling the room chill after she spoke his name, her eyes flashing dangerously. She continued, "Devin wasn't a very talented wizard, but he had a good head for business and was able to get Fawley to bring him on as a partner. Jack would handle all the enchanting and designing, and Devin would manage the business. For several years the business flourished, not only in Diagon Alley, but Devin was able to take the business to greater heights, at one point orders were coming in from all over Europe for their products." Taking a deep breath, grandmother closed her eyes, and with a bitter look on her face, she continued. "Then, one night, everything changed. When death-eaters killed Jack, in 1967, the whole business slid to a grinding halt. Suspiciously, the warehouse where Jack did most of the work burned down a few nights later. Then six month later, Delvin Whithorn opened a new company and released the Nimbus 1000 and advertised that he created the fastest racing broom in the world." Hearing the story aroused my suspicion, "Did Devin have anything to do with the death eaters killing grandfather?" I questioned. "Not that I could ever prove, his uncle had thrown a dinner party for some of the most influential members of the ministry, and Devin was in attendance." She responded bitterly. "How convenient for him," I sneered and continued. "But why was he able to get away with passing grandfathers work off as his own, shouldn't you have been able to go to the Ministry of Magic." She replied, "I don't know how, but he had somehow gotten Jack to sign over everything in a magical contract. Everything concerning the racing broom was compensation for making the business more successful. It was an overnight success, every professional quidditch team wanted the Nimbus series, and it quickly became the most in-demand brooms in the world. Nobody was interested in Jack's story, and that is why we do not fly any Nimbus products in our family." She finished. Seeing tears form in my grandmother's eyes, I decided right then and there, that Whithorn hadn't heard the last from my family, they would pay dearly for every one of my grandma's tears. I went over and gave her the biggest hug to comfort her, and so she couldn't see the anger in my eyes.
The days began to blur, and before I knew it, I was eight years old and no longer an only child, my mother had given birth to adorable twin girls with black hair and blue eyes. Sitting at the dining room table, I watched my mother battle with the twins, they had just turned two and were being a textbook case on why two-year old's, are known as the terrible twos. The twins seated and locked into their highchairs, were putting my mother through hell. Towering over the girls, mother commanded, wearing her grey stained potions robe "Girls, eat your oatmeal." Sasha, the twin on the right side, responded with an eloquent, "No." Not to be outdone by her sister, Rebecca put her two cents in by sticking her tongue out and spitting. A smile strained my mother's face, and she promised, "Not only are you going to eat it, but you are going to like it." Rebecca's blue eyes widen as she couldn't believe her mother said that. Deciding that mother needed a wake-up call, she locked eyes with Sasha, and they both grinned and pushed their bowls in opposite directions off the high tables. Mother's smile froze in shock, and when then bowls hit the ground and cracked, her left eye started twitching. Blond hair erupting madly behind her, she pulled out her wand and angrily threatened, "You little brats, you're going to stay in those chairs, until you eat." She waved her wand, and the bowls flew back up to the table. She grabbed a chair and pulled it in front of the twin highchair, determined not to move until the girls ate their breakfast. By the time I finished eating, the standoff was still going strong with no end in sight. Deciding to help my mother, I walked over to the twins, giving my mom a sly look, I made a grabbing motion towards Rebecca's breakfast and said. "You know since you don't want this, I guess I want it." Before I could take it, she grabbed her bowl, "Mine," she said, with an offended look on her face. She grabbed her spoon and began shoveling the oatmeal into her mouth as if afraid I would try again. Turning my head towards Sasha was all it took to convince her she was next, so she too began to eat quickly. With a bewildered look on her face, mom glanced at the girls eating, and then back to me, then back to the girls. After a moment, her eyes shifted towards me suspiciously and accused me, "This is a conspiracy, and you are in on it." Snorting with laughter, I replied, "You just need to know how to speak their language." "I blame you; you never acted like this when you were little. If you had, I would be more prepared." She whined. Deciding to change the subject before it became my fault the twins were difficult, I asked "Where's dad, the match begins at noon, and we are supposed to meet up with Cedric and Anna before the game." "I'm here," Dad's voice rang out After turning, for the first time since being reborn, I was struck speechless. Dad was trying to win an award that declared that he was the Arrow's biggest fan. His long brown hair was pale blue with streaks of silver through it. His skin on his face was magically turned pale blue as well with two silver arrows on each cheek. Wearing a robe that had pictures of the entire team flying on brooms. He eagerly asked, "You ready for some quidditch." With a grin on my face knowing how much this was going to embarrass Anna, I eagerly begged, "Me too." With a knowing grin, he pulled out his wand, and began twirling and twisting it towards me, saying, "A little of this, and a lot of that, perfect." Grinning I turned to mom and asked, "How do I look," She summoned a mirror and pointed it my way, seeing my reflection I grinned. My face mirrored my dad's, I turned to the twins and asked, "What do you girls think?" Both of their eyes widen with fear as if realizing that their parents could turn them into different colors. Seeing their wide eyes, mother began cackling evilly and threatened, "Guess what happens the next time you don't want to eat?" Turning to my dad, I asked, "Can we go already." Not about to be left behind Athena climbed up the back of my clothes until she was perched on my shoulder as if to announce she would be coming as well. "Hold on, we're waiting on Cedric and Anna to get here," He patiently reminded me. When Cedric arrived, he took one look at me and doubled over with laughter, "Oh, Anna is going hate you so much," Smiling mischievously, I replied "Don't you mean she'll hate us," When Anna arrived, and she saw all of us decked out in blue and silver, she blanched and stammered when she saw our grinning faces, "Don't you dare." By the time we had all arrived at the stadium, all of us were covered in blue and silver. Glaring resentfully at me, Anna warned, "So help me, the instant I get my wand, your dead. Do you hear me, Alexander Fawley?" Wincing at her full use of my name, I knew I would need to watch my back in a few years. Trying to distract her from her anger, I consoled, "It's not so bad, your dad is playing. I bet he gets a kick out of seeing you like this." Before she could respond, the announcer interrupted in a magically enhanced voice, "Here come the Appleby Arrows," our section in the stadium went nuts. Shooting into the sky announcing their arrival were silver arrows that exploded into blue sparks. In response to the silver arrows erupting into the sky, a loud buzzing came from the sea of black and gold from the other side of the stadium. The announcer continued, "Here come their fated rivals The Wimbourne Wasps." Seeing her dad take up his post near the three goals, Anna personality changed from a well-behaved lady to a demon child, screaming at the top of her lungs, "DESTROY THEM ALL FATHER, MAKE THEM REGRET BEING BORN! MWAHAHAHA" Seeing her cackle madly, I shot Cedric a worried looked, remembering her early promise of vengeance. The game began with the arrow's chasers grabbing the quaffle and scoring within the first minute. Silver arrows followed our cheers; however, the wasps recovered and began beaming across the field to even the score. The arrow's chasers tried to intercept, but the wasp's beaters were able to break apart their formation by sending the bludgers to intercept them and made their way to the goal passing the Quaffle back and forth. But, just as they made the shot Anna's dad was able to block it. Anna, Cedric, and I cheered as loud as we could. The match ended abruptly, thirty minutes later the score was 80 to 10 with arrows in the lead, when the wasp's seeker dove towards the ground, with the arrow's seeker right on his trail. Luckily, a stray bludger caught the wasp's seeker on the leg, snapping it and he crashed towards the ground, and the arrow's seeker caught the snitch. The game came to an end with the announcer the arrow's victory at 230 to 10. Stunned that the match ended so soon, we looked at each other and started celebrating. While waiting for Anna's father outside the stadium, the four of us were discussing the match. When a mocking voice rang out, "Fawley, it's good to see you." My father hand that was on my shoulder tighten in response. Turning in the direction of the mocking voice, I saw an older man in his 40s approach our little group in a swagger. He was wearing an immaculate black suit with; golden broomstick cuff links adorned his sleeves. His black hair was slicked back into a ponytail, and his face a small goatee hid a weak chin. But his eyes were piercing black, full of intelligence and ruthlessness. I watched his eyes move from my father, over to my friends, and then come to rest on me. As his eyes met mine, my hair stood up, and Athena's tail wrapped protectively around my throat, and she hissed a warning. An oily smile appeared on his face as he turned his attention to my father and sneered. "So, John, how is the old business coming along?" In a tightly controlled voice, Dad responded, "Everything has been going well as could be expected, Whithorn." He nodded and replied condescendingly, "I am surprised that you were able to keep it afloat after I left, Old Jack was a great wizard, but a terrible businessman and shopkeeper. It didn't surprise anyone when the warehouse burned down. Nothing but sloppy management." After, hearing him insult my grandfather, my hands clenched in anger, turning white from the lack of blood. Sensing that something was wrong, Cedric and Anna closed in around me as if they would somehow shield me from this man words. I saw my father, who I had never seen once act in anger, twitched his hand towards the pocket that kept his wand. Knowing that he had struck a chord within my father, Whithorn smiled. Wanting to defend my family's honor, I replied scathingly, "I don't think he was a terrible businessman, just a bad judge of character. After all, he wasn't able to see you for the rat you are." Whithorn's eyes snapped to mine, seemingly looking for some knowledge within them, and after a moment. He smiled and replied, "What an accurate choice of words, young man. A bad judge of character is indeed a great way to describe old Jack." He paused dramatically and continued, "Why else would he have been running around with he-who-must-not-be-named." Shocked, and not knowing what to say about this bombshell, I turned to my father. Only to see his blue face beginning to turn red in anger. "HOW DARE YOU," my father bellowed pulling out his wand. Whithorn remained unmoved, by my father's actions, "Just try it, Fawley," he hissed, you know who my father is and what he is capable of doing. Before anyone could make a move, a voice rang out, "Now what seems to be the problem here." The tension seemed to break as everyone glanced towards the voice, everyone seeing Taylor Lancaster striding confidently in his pale blue quidditch robes. His dark brown hair sleeked with sweat from the match. Taking in the scene, he paused, his friendly brown eyes found his daughter. Suddenly remembering where we were, my father put away his wand swallowing his anger. Delvin Whithorn's expression turned on a dime, as he replied easily, " Mr. Lancaster, we're just having a bit of fun, no harm done. Congratulations on a match well done, if you ever need a new Nimbus, don't hesitate to look me up." Turning to leave, he shot us a smirk and swaggered off. Anna's father, watched him leave, a puzzled expression on his face. Turning his face back to his daughter only now did he seem to realize that her skin and hair were dyed blue and silver. His eyes dancing with mirth he chortled, and teased, "Anna, seeing that you are such a big fan. From now on before every match, I'll turn you blue and silver." Cedric and I began snorting in laughter; Anna shot me a vicious look while stamping on my foot. "Hey, why are you only attacking me," I grumbled. Seeing our antics, our parents began laughing. "Let's head home, so we can go give your mom the good news," Taylor interjected. By the time everyone had gotten home, it was late in the afternoon. Deciding that I need to organize my thoughts, not greeting anyone, I retreated to my room to think, before confronting dad about what Whithorn accused grandfather of doing. Upon entering my room, I sat at my desk, pondering everything I knew about my grandfather. Was he a death eater, why would he have been a supporter of Voldemort. No one else in our family seems to hate muggles, I mean the ministry isn't very popular with our family. But I have never seen any indication in our family that would explain him being a Voldemort supporter. However, we are an old pure-blood family; maybe he was a death eater. Unable to make heads or tails of the situation, I turned to Athena who was laying contentedly on my bed and asked, "What do you think, was grandfather a death eater?" Ignoring my question like it wasn't worth responded too, she closed her eyes and went to sleep. By the time night had fallen and no closer to an answer to when I started, I decided to confront dad about the truth. Knowing that I would probably find dad in his study, I headed in that direction. Pausing at the door, I got a good look at my father brooding in his favorite chair with a glass of brandy. Walking in, and sitting across from dad I softly questioned, "Is it true," With a heavy sigh, he responded, "Its not that simple," With a stubborn look on my face, I argued, "Yes it is, either he supported he-who-must-not-be-named or he didn't." Meeting my eyes, he replied, "When he-who-must-not-be-named first rose to power, do you think he went around holding a sign that said I'm a dark evil wizard. No, he was persuasive, he knew just the right things to say to bring him support. A lot of people like to forget, but at one time a lot of wizarding families supported him. He has a lot of supporters until he revealed his true colors." "So that makes it ok," I replied, feeling disgusted. "Let me finish," my father angrily interrupted. He continued, "To understand everything, you have to step back in time and look at what allowed he-who-must-not-be-named, rise to power. Most of what happened can be traced back to the signing of the International Statute of Secrecy. It was never popular among a lot of old pure wizard families, but after the families of Muggle-borns and half-bloods began getting attacked in religious fervor. Some wizards put their heads together to think of a solution. The solution was the Statute of Secrecy, and to enforce the Statute, the Ministry of Magic was formed. Every region created its version of a government, and all of a sudden, many wizards who previously answered to no one but themselves found themselves underneath a government they did not want." I interjected, "How did the wizards regulate themselves before the ministry was created? and how does the ministry being set up, lead to some wizards hating muggles and muggle-borns wizards." He replied, "Each region had a small wizard council, but mostly wizards governed themselves." He continued, "As to how the statute and the ministry led to some wizards hating muggles and Muggle-borns. There are several reasons, but it mostly has to do with the loss of power. Before the ministry old wizard families ruled like kings, they answered to no one. Then one day a group of half-blood wizards and muggles-borns got together with some pure-bloods and decided that all wizards everywhere will have to obey this new law that was passed and to enforce it they created the Ministry of Magic. Needless to say, not everyone was impressed. However they couldn't go against the majority, and every time the Ministry expands its power, adds a new tax, or make an obscure new law that prevents wizards from doing something that they previously were allowed to do, it only made things worse. This all lead to some wizards to disliking muggles, and some wizards hating them, after all, had it not been for all the muggle attacks, wizards wouldn't have to go into hiding, and the ministry wouldn't have been created." "But that still doesn't fully explain the hatred of Muggle-born wizards," I interjected not fully convinced. He thoughtfully considered my statement and replied, "Well muggle-born wizards often bring in new ideas to our society, and that isn't always popular. For instance, the idea of the Hogwarts train was the idea of a Muggle-born wizard, before then there was no set way for wizards to travel to Hogwarts, most either flew or traveled to Hogsmeade, via the floo network. After the train was made some of the Pure-bloods raised a fuss complaining, they didn't want their children on that muggle contraption. To these wizard families, the muggle-born wizards represent the muggles intrusion in our world." Seeing that I nodded my understanding, he continued, "Now when he-who-must-not-be-named first started gathering supporters, he wasn't disparaging the muggle-born wizards. He started off whispering that the ministry shouldn't have so much control over wizards, that it was time for wizards to return to the past. He was a very persuasive speaker and was able to gain a lot of support. Our family has never been huge admirers of the ministry, so my dad began attending some gatherings. Now what I do know is that at one meeting, he-who-must-not-be-named message shifted, no longer was it about wizard freedom, but instead about muggle suppression and casting muggle-born wizards down. According to what I found out, my father openly disagreed with he-who-must-not-be-named argument and stormed out with about ten other wizards. My father and the others were never seen again. In a small voice, I asked, "how do you know what happened at the meeting." With a heavy sigh, he replied, "We didn't know anything for the longest time, one day dad just didn't come home. It wasn't until three years later that we found out anything when my fathers best friend came to our house in tears. He was at the meeting as well, but he had been put under an unforgivable curse called the Imperius curse, it can completely control someone will. They had him ambush and assassinate his best friend. It was only after the death eater who had been controlling him was killed that he regained his freedom." "So why don't you use his testimony to clear grandfathers name," I challenged. Closing his eyes in resignation, my father responded, "He killed himself less than a week later, he couldn't take the guilt of everything he had done while being controlled." Not knowing how to handle all this information, I sat silently across from my father watching the logs in the fireplace burn down. Before I left for the night, my father reminded me, "Don't ever let anyone say that our father supported you know who. He was simply one of the first wizards to challenge him and was killed for it. You should be proud of him, for being able to stand up and speak out against him, many wizards were too afraid to do so." Before I left, I questioned, "If all that is true, then was Whithorn involved with the death eaters as well." "From everything, your uncle and I have learned he wasn't. We still don't know how he got our father to sign that magically binding contract. I believe the fire that burned down your grandfather's warehouse, was that bastards way of profiting from chaos of our father's disappearance." Dad responded. "Now get your butt to bed before your mom finds out your still up." As I returned to my room, my mind still going over everything I had learned. I made a vow to myself that no matter what I would get to the bottom of Whithorn's involvement, and once I found out the truth, he would pay dearly for everything he put my family through.
Over the next couple of years, I continued with my education, most of the time I spent at my grandmother's was in her library. While there, I focused on Reading her books on history and theories on basic magic. However, trying to learn magic from a book with no instruction is like trying to learn to play the piano listening to someone else play. You may get a few keys down, but mostly you're just fumbling in the dark. To really learn how to do magic, you need proper instruction. A book can't just give you the instruction you need. All the adults in my life refused to give me lessons on it, saying that I would have plenty of time to learn magic at Hogwarts. The one exception was potion-making; I would constantly bug my mom to let me watch her work. While she always acted exasperated, but I think she secretly loved that I took such an interest in potions. As I got older, she began letting me into her potion's room to watch her work. During which she began to trust me more, and she let me help her prepare the ingredients. It was then I learned why many wizards had trouble with potions, ingredients had to be prepared exactly, any deviation would lead to the potion not being made correctly. On top of that, being able to maintain focus and attention to detail, for extended periods, can be very mentally draining. Once or twice a week, I would head through the vanishing cabinet in our living room to my uncle's ship. I began learning Arabic from my aunt. It was always interesting on their boat; they traveled all over the place. Jealous that I started learning Arabic, my mother insisted I learn French as well. When I had free time, I began trying to experiment with underage magic or wandless magic; I found it about as easy as herding cats. Wandless or underage magic is unpredictable; sometimes something would happen, when I was least expecting it, other I would nearly pass out from trying to get my magic to activate. Persisting with my experiments, I discovered a few things that helped. For one thing, underage magic is not about doing spells; you can shout a spell until you are blue in the face, and nothing will happen. Underage magic or wandless magic is more about need and then letting magic fulfill that need. By the time I was 10, I had mixed results when experimenting, most of the time I could get something magical to happen when I wanted it to, but often the magic would do what I needed in unexpected and unpredictable ways. Deciding that being able to make magic happen at commanded at my age, even though it was unpredictable, should mean that I was rather talented at magic. However, it's difficult to judge my progress in magic without other examples to compare my control over underage magic. I remember from the books, that while Voldemort was able to use underage magic at will, around my age, but he also was only able to barely control it. Even at the height of their powers, Dumbledore and Voldemort both choose to continue using their wands for magic, only using wandless magic for small magics. From everything I read on wandless magic, the best analogy I can think to compare it to is to imagine magic being like a body of water. Next to the water is a large hole you want to fill, wandless magic is like trying to use a bucket to fill the hole with water, it can be done, but not very efficient. Whereas using a wand would be like sticking a firehose into the water and having it blast out the other side to fill the hole. Sitting on the edge of my bed, staring intently at a red quaffle resting on my desk. Arms stretched out before me, I commanded, "Come." Athena's head perked up, thinking I was speaking to her. After seeing my stare was directed towards the quaffle, she huffed her annoyance and sprawled out on the desk. In a louder voice, I demanded, "Get over here." The quaffle flew across the room towards my face, after catching it and raising it to the heavens, I declared to Athena in my best super trooper impersonation "I am all that is man." She gave me an unimpressed look and flicked her tail at me, as if to say, I bet you can't do it the same way again. Determined to repeat the experiment, so that I could try and attain the same results, I set the quaffle back on the desk and tried again. Focusing on my desire, in a dramatic voice, I whispered, "Come to me," the quaffle disappeared in a puff of smoke and reappeared in my hands. I sighed, "Not what I meant, but I'll take it." Trying once more, I said "Come to me," seeing the quaffle refuse to move, I forcefully commanded, "Get over here," this time the whole desk shot across the floor and after bumping into my bed the quaffle rolled off into my lap. Looking at Athena and said, "That's counts." Athena shot me a reproachful look, annoyed that I interrupted her nap. She got up, stretched her wings, and jumped off the desk, gliding out of the room, she shot me one final look before disappearing. Deciding I was done for the day, trying to force magic to conform to my wishes, Throwing on my coat and grabbing my broom, I headed downstairs planning on heading out to fly around our property, on my ongoing quest to discover our families mysterious lost tower. The instant my foot hit the ground floor; my mother's voice rang out from the basement, "Oh Alex, I need you." Inwardly complaining, I swear it's like she has a sixth sense about these things. Sneaking through the house, I made my way out the back. Hopping on my broom, I heard Athena bleat her annoyance, trying to stop me from leaving her behind. As I zoomed into the sky, she took off behind me; her silver tipped midnight blue wings flapping gracefully lifting her into the sky. Heading to my favorite rocky hill, I landed with Athena following closely. Pulling a rolled out map out of my coat and spreading it on the ground. The map showed the boundaries of our family land. When I decided to search for the tower several years ago, I drew a grid search pattern on the map. As I searched each section, I would cross them out, so I wouldn't keep searching in the same area. Glad that I had Athena with me since Lamassu's can see through magic, she should be able to give me a heads up if she sees the tower. Picking a new grid on the map, I grabbed my broom, turned to Athena patting my shoulder, and said, "Come on, girl, you know what to do." Bleating cheerfully, she launched her self towards my shoulder. Once she established herself there, I complained to her, "You know, for someone who has wings, you sure do love people carrying you." Deciding that my comment didn't merit a response, she chuffed and licked her paw pointedly ignoring me. "Alright, I'm sorry," I apologized. Choosing to ignore my apology, Athena turned her head, refusing to look at me. Knowing her weakness to flattery, I added slyly, "Obviously a creature as beautiful and magnificent as you deserves to be carried around." Reaching up, I scratched the base of her horns, knowing that was her weak spot. Decided to accept my statement magnanimously, she rubbed her head against my cheek and purred her approval. Now that Athena had forgiven me, I intoned, "All right, you know what to do, if you see any magic, give me a sign. Getting on my broom, and heading off to search the new area I choose, stayed about five feet off the ground and went at a pace only slightly faster than walking. Almost three hours later, exhausted and ready to call it a day. Athena let out a yowl, indicating she saw something. Adrenaline flooded my body, chasing away the exhausted and looking at Athena, staring off towards my right. After heading in the direction where she was staring; we came upon the entrance of a steep ravine. "You have got to be kidding me," I complained. Looking into the shadowy ravine that had fog so thick I couldn't see the ground. Looking at Athena, in a loud voice, I declared, "I'm not going in there, I've seen how this plays out. Going into a place like that is how characters die in the movies, a person sees a spooky place, and instead of running away, they ignore all common sense and head inside, where they are inevitably killed or eaten by something." Shooting me an unimpressed look at my rant, Athena scoffed, "Fine," I grumbled. "Just so you know, if I go down, you go down with me." We carefully inched our way into the ravine, a few feet off the ground. The further we went in, the walls became steeper, reducing the amount of light shining down. After a few twist and turns, I noticed out of the corner of my eye, our family coat of arms. Nudging Athena, I whispered, "That has to be it." Emerging slightly from the rock wall was a hawk with piercing eyes. Surrounding the hawk were glowing stars. After running my fingers over the stars admiring the spell work which created them, I reached for the hawk; it had so much detail to it, one could see individual feather strands on the feathers. As soon as my hand neared, The stone hawk seemed to come alive eyes glowing, and bit me, drawing blood. Shaking my hand, I cursed, "Merlin's beard, that hurt." Seemingly satisfied with the offering of blood, the hawk settled back down. Next, to the coat of arms, glowing light in the shape of a door appeared. Reaching out towards the light, my hand sank through the glowing stone like it wasn't there at all. Taking a deep breath, I went through the glowing door. Passing through felt like walking through a wall of water, but not getting wet. Darkness greeted me on the other side, I called out tentatively, "Hello, is anyone here" Responding to my voice, seven glass lamps bolted to the walls lit up. Looking around, I found myself in a large circular stone room, with dust covering the stone floor, I jumped as a booming voice rang out all around me, "INTRUDER, HOW DARE YOU BREACH THE INNER SANCTUM OF THE FAWLEY FAMILY. BEGONE, FROM THIS PLACE, OTHERWISE I SHALL DESTROY YOU." Defending myself, I called out, "How can I be an intruder, when I am a Fawley." The voice paused, considering my statement. Then rang out, "Come up here, boy, let me get a good look at you." Looking around and not seeing anyone, I questioned, "Where are you." Responding in a tone that seemed to question my intelligence, "At the top, of course, get on the platform." Seeing a raised platform, I went and stood on it. After a moment, the platform rose off the ground into the air. Passing through an opening in the ceiling, we began to rise. After going through the opening, another floor came into sight. Not stopping, it continued, keeping count of the floors we passed, I noticed we came to a stop on the seventh floor. Stepping off, the platform, the voice rang out again, "Good boy, now come over here and let me take a good look at you." Glancing in the direction of the voice, It was emanating from a painting on the wall, next to a large stone chair raised several feet off the ground. A suspicious person might even call the chair throne-like. On the top of the throne rested a hawks head, extending from the back of the throne were wings, and the armrest ended with hawks talons. It sat there, intent on intimidating all who came before it. Trying to draw my attention from the throne, "Ahem," the painting coughed. Turning my attention from the throne to the painting, and seeing a wild looking wizard wearing black robes on the wall, His long-dark hair streaked with silver was wild and untamed framing his hawkish face. Seeing that my steely grey eyes matched his own, he grinned and said, "I'm glad to see Fawley blood still runs true." After meeting his gaze for a moment, I questioned, "Who are you." Smirking and puffing up his shoulders, as if he couldn't wait to inform me, he proudly replied, "Anton Lambert Fawley, a former member of the high wizard council, creator of the tower." His voice trailed off after seeing that I didn't recognize the name. "How could you not know who I am, I built this tower," He complained. "Ya, but no one has ever actually found the tower." After seeing his downtrodden expression, I added, "If it makes you feel better the tower has always been a family legend. Kids in our family have been looking for this tower for hundreds of years." "So why didn't you tell anyone where it was," I inquired. "Hmph, I would have, unfortunately, I died soon after completing the tower in 1710. I still can't believe that it took so long for one of my descendants to find the entrance to the tower." He huffily replied. Waving my hand in front of the painting, I angrily asked, "What the hell was with that stupid bird biting me." His face brightening, "Ah, that was one of my better ideas, when the hawk detects Fawley blood through biting, the portal to the tower will open." Wagging his bushy eyebrows, and giving me a hopeful expression, that clearly wanted me to ask what would happen if someone who wasn't of our line got bit. Rolling my eyes at his expression, I asked, "And what would have happened if I wasn't a Fawley?" Beaming, he responded, "I'm so glad you asked, if someone not of the family line tries to enter, the portal opens to an enclosed room, around 500 feet below the solid rock." "Couldn't they just apparate out of the room," I questioned. Replying with a sinister grin, "Not with the enchantments I placed on the room. Mwahahaha." Hearing him cackle madly, I realized that this guy, had a few screws loose. Deciding to change the topic, I asked, "So how did you hide the tower so well. I can't even count how many hours I spent flying over our property looking for it." "One of the many enchantments I laid upon the tower made the tower look like a tree and what better way to hide a tree other than in a sea of trees." I conceded, "That is rather clever." Proud that I had admired his work, he eagerly continued, "That isn't even half of it, I spent over a decade, turning this tower into a fortress able to defend our land. Every floor has been specifically enchanted to make sure; our family could survive almost indefinitely in the tower." "Were you the one who wrapped our property in the stone wall," I questioned. "Yes, that is merely the first layer of defense, Pointing at a round table a few feet away, look there boy." Glancing at the table, I noticed that the surface of the table was a map that showed our entire property, interestingly there were even a few glowing dots shown on the map, As if sensing my question, he informed me, "The white lights represent people on our property, it makes it easy to see intruders." Rolling my eyes at his paranoia, "Just who were you expecting to assault you." Muttering to himself, he grumbled, "You can never be too prepared." Curious I asked him, "How am I supposed to get out of here," "That's easy all you have to do is become master of the tower; then you can easily come and go as you please." Pointing to a ring that was on the tip of one of the talons protruding from the armrest. "All you have to do to become the master, is put on the ring on and the tower will be yours to command, that is if you are worthy." With an apprehensive look at the ring, "What happened if I'm not worthy," I asked. Anton smirked, "Nothing permanent." Deciding that it was worth the risk, I reached out and pulled the ring off. The ring had a rectangular topaz stone on top, stamped into the stone was our families coat of arms. Taking a deep breath, I shut my eyes not knowing what to expect and slid it on to my right ring finger. After nothing happened, his voice rang out, "Mwahaha, you should have seen your face." Anton started laughing so hard he started rolling around on the ground within his painting. "So, how does this ring work," I asked, annoyed at his antics. After recovering, he replied, "With the ring, the tower will recognize you as the master, and you will have access to all of its functions." With a sinking feeling in my gut, I asked hopefully, "I don't suppose you have a book listing of all its functions." Offended at the question, he indigently replied, "Of course not, a book could be stolen and used against you. That's what I am here for, I left my painting to advise the master of the tower, I know everything about this place. I even stuck a permanent sticking charm to the painting to make sure no one can remove me." Grumbling to myself, Of course, the crazy wizard made sure no one could remove him. However, a thought occurred to me, so I clarified, "You said you advise only the tower master right." "Of course, I consider it my duty to help the master of the tower succeed in their plans." Sensing that I had finally found a willing teacher, I pulled out the enchanted journal I had gotten for my fifth birthday. After whispering the password, the pages began to fill with questions, thoughts, and ideas I had written over the past five years. With a wolfish grin on my face, I said, "I have so many ideas and plans, that I need to discuss with someone." With a knowing smile on his face, he said, "Well then, my young master, let's begin."
Relaxing on the hawk throne, I was grateful that Anton had added the cushioning charm to make the chair more comfortable. Tapping my fingers thoughtfully on the cover of my journal, starting with the question I considered most important, I questioned, "Is it possible to change the future?" Taken aback at the questions, Anton narrowed his eyes and studied the serious look on my face and carefully responded, "That depends on what type of knowledge of the future you have. For the most part, knowledge of the future comes in two different varieties, Prophecies and visions." Confused, I asked, "Aren't those the same thing." Shaking his head, he clarified, "There are huge differences between prophecies and visions. A vision is about a possible future, if you know what's coming, you can begin to make changes, but you have to remember, the more you change, the more the outcome is changed as well. It could even change to the point where you have no idea what is going to happen. On the other hand, a prophecy is different; it's impossible to change a prophecy." "But, if you know the future, shouldn't you be able to circumvent the prophecy." I stubbornly argued. Shaking his head, he responded, "That's not how it works, look a vision can be changed because it is only one possible future based on people's most likely actions, but there are still many different choices people could make that could lead to a different outcome. A prophecy is only issued when every possible future leads to a certain event. No matter what choice you make, the ending is always the same. That is why prophecies are rare. Think about how many different choices people make. Now imagine that every possible path leads to the same conclusion. That is why it's impossible to change prophecies." Nodding my understanding, I clarified, "So if I theoretically had knowledge of some deaths of people I wanted to save, I would need to wait till the last minute to save them. Otherwise, if I take action too early, the future could change in such a way that I would have no idea what was going to happen." He shrugged and replied, That would be your best bet, but trying to change the future can be frustrating at best, there has been plenty of wizards, who drove themselves mad trying to manage the future." Opening my journal to the first page, I found three names staring back at me, Cedric Diggory, Sirius Black, and Albus Dumbledore. I knew there were others in the sixth book that Voldemort and his followers killed, but for the life of me, I couldn't remember their names. While my memory of this life was nearly perfect, the memories of my previous life have been fading, it's like trying to remember a dream, its easy to remember the dream, but the details become fuzzy. The most important name on my list is Cedric's name, if I can't save my best friend, then what the hell is the point of knowing about the future. As much as I would like to help Sirius get out of prison, I can't risk changing anything that will put the knowledge of the future at risk. Otherwise, Wormtail will kill Cedric in our sixth year during the Triwizard tournament. Burying my guilt towards Sirius, I consoled myself that I would take action to make sure he didn't die early. Realizing that I hadn't spoken anything for several minutes, I moved on to other topics that I needed to be clarified. Deciding to tackle a problem that I had been trying to think of a solution for, I asked, "Do you know anything about the magical trace that gets put on underage wizards when they start school? Stroking his beard eyes twinkling, he replied, "Ah, the trace, it was a controversial topic in my day, the trace was why I resigned from the council. That's when I saw the writing on the wall; the council was changing from almost no interference in wizarding lives to hexing and tracking our children. A few years after I resigned, the council was dissolved, and the Ministry took its place, and I'll bet it's only gotten worse. Although even I have to admit, they figured out a clever way to implement to hex." Wanting to avoid the trace if possible, I asked eagerly, "How does it get put on?" Smirking at me, he taunted, "I'll give you a hint; it's something that every underage wizard goes through. Let's see if you can guess what it is." Running over everything, I've learned about this world, both from the books and over everything I've learned over the last ten years. I guessed, "Does it happen when you buy your first wand." Grinning at me, he replied, "Not a bad guess, but no, it has to do with your invitation to Hogwarts. The invitation is a magically binding agreement when you send the reply that you will be attending, you must sign your name. That is how the trace gets attached. Every wizard must be very careful when signing magical documents; if a hex or a curse is attached, it is exceedingly difficult to break. The reason why it's so difficult is that if someone willingly signs their name to something, it allows the magic to sink deep within them. Besides, I imagine that if you can break the trace, the Ministry would find out almost immediately, the better way would be to trick it somehow temporarily." Seeing my disgruntled stare, he consoled me, "But I don't think you need to worry about the trace too much, It is mainly used to track magic out in the muggle world. As long as you are on our property, they wouldn't be able to tell it was you that cast the spell." We continued to speak over questions and ideas that I had until I realized that I had been gone from home for most of the day, and my mother was probably about to send out a search party. Reassuring Anton that I would be back soon, I left the tower to head home. In the following months, I spent every free moment I had at the tower. One of my favorite spots in the tower was on the third floor. On the floor was a library containing Anton's collection of books. While I was glad to be able to read more books containing magic, most were useless without a wand. What good was a book of spells, that required a wizard to have a wand? Before I knew it, the fall of 88 had arrived, and I turned 11, knowing that Hogwarts was less than a year away. I redoubled my efforts at trying to learn all I could, it was slow going, but I was confident that I would probably be one of the most prepared first-year students to attend Hogwarts in a while. A few weeks after my birthday, I was watching the twins run around the house. They never seemed to run out of energy. Feeling a tap on my shoulder, I turned to see my father standing behind me. He made a motion with his head, indicating I should follow him. After arriving at his study, he found his way to his favorite brown recliner. He motioned for me to take a seat, sitting across from him. We sat in silence, the only noise being the pop and crackle from a small fireplace. Knowing that my father would speak once he was ready, so I just enjoyed sitting with him. In a low voice, he said, "You know, you'll be leaving us next year for Hogwarts, So I was hoping to spend more time with you before you left. It seems like I've barely seen you over this last year. I was hoping you might want to start coming to the workshop with me." A pang of guilt flashed through me, regarding how much time I've spent at the tower lately. He continued, "I know you normally spend your mornings with either your grandmother or your mom learning. But, I thought that it's high time for me to do my part in your education. No son of mine isn't going to excel at charm-work and enchanting." After looking around to make sure Leaning in close, he whispered, "Your mother and I have a little bet going on about what will be your favorite subject, charm-work, or potions. She keeps on bragging about how much of a head start she has, considering that she has spent years teaching you all about potions. But I'm confident that my workshop will lure you into the wonderful world of enchanting, by the time I'm through showing you how everything works, I sure potions will seem rather tame." Ecstatic that I would finally be allowed to go to the workshop where he did all his charm work. I eagerly responded, "Nothing would make me happier; I have always wanted to see how you make everything in the shop." The next day at breakfast, mom eyed me suspiciously, while dad smugly sipped his coffee. The twins, oblivious to the silent competition going on between mom and dad, started complaining that they didn't want to start schooling with grandmother. I winced, feeling sorry for them, as their hands were destined to cramp up, trying to meet grandmother's calligraphy standards. When breakfast was finished, we used the floo network to travel to Fawley Wondrous Enchantments in Diagon Alley. The front of the shop was full of enchanted items, on one side of the shop where larger items like magical tents, vanishing cabinets, school trunks enchanted with various spells woven into them. On the other were smaller, more delicate pieces, such as mirrors, clocks, and other small household items. Seeing the front of the shop was always exciting, but I had never been to the basement where he enchanted everything. Heading downstairs, we came to a massive steel door containing our family's crest. He pulled out his wand and tapped the stars seven times in what seemed like a random pattern. Once he finished, the door swung open, showing a huge rectangular workshop. Tables lined the walls, full of items, and knickknacks that he was working on. The middle of the workshop was empty except for a table in the very center, surrounding the table was a large circle etched into the stone floor. After studying the strange circle for a moment, I turned to my dad and asked, "What is the circle for." Seeing what my attention was focused on, He responded, "That a protective warding spell I cast so that I can experiment with new spells and enchantments inside safely. You have to be careful when doing experimental enchantments; if you mess up your charm work, there is a chance for the results to be rather explosive." Eager to see how objects were enchanted, I asked, "Are you working on anything new right now." Popping open his briefcase, he reached in and pulled out some old parchment and replied."Well, that's what I was hoping to show you, recently at your grandmother's, I came across some old drawings of your grandfather's work that he had been working on outside the warehouse." Looking over the parchment, I saw several sketched broomstick designs on the parchment. Confused, I asked, "I thought all grandfather's work had burned up in the fire or had been claimed by Whithorn." In a somber tone, he replied, "I think that these were some ideas for future designs that he drew at home but never got to take them to the warehouse. This may have been one of the last things my father worked on. I was hoping that we could work on it as a project as father and son." In my mind, I began imagining how we were finally going to take down Whithorn and the Nimbus Racing Company, finally getting revenge for my grandfather. Eagerly I asked, "Can we be finished before I go to Hogwarts next year?" As soon as I asked the question, dad started shaking his head. He replied, "There's no way we could have it finished before you leave for Hogwarts. Designing a quality broomstick isn't as simple as putting charms onto a broom and flying off into the sunset. Many standard charms don't last very long, to make charms last longer. Enchanters often have to design variations of the charm, to see what is most effective. That's why there is such a variation in the quality of brooms. My father spent years designing custom charms for his design. If there weren't any variation in spells, all brooms would be equal. If we want to build a broom that can beat the nimbus, we'll have to start from scratch, not to mention, brooms have dozens of spells laid into them, so we will have our work cut out for us. There are other factors as well such as materials, matching the best type of wood to charms can be tricky, one variation of a spell may work great with one type of wood, but perform differently on another type. It will take years for us to build a broom better than the Nimbus. After all, they have a twenty-year head start on us if we want to make a broom faster than theirs, we will have to get creative. Hearing the magnitude of the project didn't sway me at all. I would do anything, to get revenge for the pain and suffering Whithorn has put my family through, I would go to the ends of the earth. Growing up without a family in my previous life has made me realize that the most important thing in my life was my family. May God have mercy on anyone who dares to harm my family, because they will get none from me. Wanting to banish the violent train of thought my mind was wandering down, I asked, "what are we going to name it?" With a wistful smile, Dad responded, "When I was young, dad always said he was going to make a broom that could shoot across the sky like a bolt of fire. What do you think about naming it the firebolt?"
During the following months, I spent nearly every day at the workshop with dad. The work was slow going, dad often having to stop to work on enchanting to replace what was sold in the store. Every once in a while, someone would even ask for a custom enchantment. He took to those with gusto. We did end up making some progress, after months of experimentation, dad created a brilliant new control spell, that would bring the level of control someone had over the broom to a whole new level. It seemed like the moment you thought of changing directions; the broom was already beginning to turn. Perhaps the most beneficial thing to me was I got to see how spells were created. What I saw my father doing to create the spell, changed my thoughts on magic forever. When he succeeded in creating the new spell, it got me to thinking, that spell creation is similar to a program being created on a computer system. A wizard talented enough to create a spell is like a computer programmer; they can create a program. After they make the program, they save the program to the computer, and anyone can learn how to use the program even without knowing how it was made. Time marched on, and the next thing I knew, there was only a few weeks until my Hogwarts letter arrived. In May, my parents ended up having to take a two week trip to France to help out mom's sister. Due to the limited room, they had at their house, I was headed to my uncle's ship for two weeks. Every time, I passed through the vanishing cabinet in our living room and passed to the vanishing cabinet on my uncle ship. I marveled at the power of magic, and the many different applications for it. When I stepped out on the ship, I found myself in the holding room; uncle John keeps his cabinet in. Knowing he and my Aunt were probably on the top deck, so I headed up. As I headed upstairs, I mused to myself that one of the reasons I loved this ship, was its design. It was like one of those pirate ships from the Pirates of the Caribbean movie. The main difference was the size of the inside. While on my way to the top deck, I passed by several witches and wizards who also lived on the ship. They were wizard and witches from all over the world, most of them greeted with an easy smile me as I passed by. It took a while to make my way to the deck because while the outside of the ship was normal sized, the inside, was the size of a cruise ship. When I reached the deck, I noticed that the ship was anchored outside the city of Alexandria, a port city in Egypt. Seeing that my aunt and uncle, were lounging in chairs under a ridiculously large pink umbrella canopy, I headed over Announcing my arrival, I greeted them in Arabic, knowing that my aunt greatly preferred speaking in her native tongue. "Uncle John, Aunt Nefret, how have you been lately." My uncle cracked an eye, looked me over, and said, "You know a little of this a little of that," Knowing that their son Omar had started his first year at Uagadou, the wizarding school located at the mountain of the moon in Africa. I asked, " How has it been having Omar gone for the first time. "Perfect," "Miserable," my aunt and uncle replied at the same time. Hearing his reply, Nefret smacked him upside the head and demanded, "Oh and who has been moping around the last six months." Finishing her tirade, she shot me a relieved look and said, he be back before you have to head back home. Your uncle has planned a surprise trip to take you both on. Hearing her words, I turned to my uncle and saw him wordlessly pull out three tickets to the regional dueling finals in Brazil. Ecstatic I said, "That's awesome, I have always wanted to go, but mom has a dim view of the dueling league, so she has never let us go to one and father isn't about to cross her in this matter." The next day, my uncle told me over breakfast, "Well, you can either stay here or head out with me. I have some business, at the underground bazaar." Raising an eyebrow as I had never heard about the underground before. Seeing my expression, he replied, "You can think of it as a version of Diagon Alley. Always happy to see more of the wizarding world. I told John, "I want to go." Before leaving the ship, uncle John gave me a gold bracelet to put on. After I put it on, I asked "What is this bracelet for?" He pulled out a mirror and said "We're headed to a place where I would rather no one knew your real face," Upon seeing my reflection, I was shocked; an adult stranger stared back at me. My new appearance made me look like a local. Amazed, I said, "This is bloody amazing; this bracelet is better than the Polyjuice Potion." Shaking his head in response, he replied, "You can't compare them to a Polyjuice potion that can turn you into anybody, this bracelet has a set appearance it doesn't matter who puts it on its always the same refection. Useful to be sure, but the flexibility of the Polyjuice potion is what makes it so valuable." As we made our way into the city of Alexandria, on the edge of town, we came to a deserted lot, where there was an ancient sandstone archway. Seeing the archway, I asked, "Where does it lead to." Winking at me, uncle John replied. "that would be telling." Rolling my eyes at his answer, we continued. As we approached, he informed me, "All you need to do is put your hand on the archway as you pass through if you have a magic touch the archway activates." Nodding my understanding, I grabbed hold of the stone as I passed through. The next thing I knew. We were standing in an old courtyard that dozens of archways within it. Before I could say anything, my John informed me, "The archways are one of the main ways wizards in Africa transport themselves. They have been using the archway system for thousands of years; I believe they inspired the wizard who invented the floo network." Not being able to smell the sea informed me that we were no longer in Alexandria, so I asked, "Where are we?" "We're in an old section of Cairo, where muggles don't have access to this place," he replied. As we began walking, I noticed certain similarities between the underground bazaar and diagon alley. They were both full of magical shops where wizards and witches sold goods. I noticed that the main difference was the underground was full of twist and turns as we made our way through. We eventually made our way to a to an old shop that was full of strange items, as soon as we walked a middle age Egyptian wizard wearing teal green and golden robes walked out from the back area. Holding his arms out before him in a loud voice, "Jonny my boy, how have you been" With a grin on his face, John replied pointedly looking at the wizard bald head. "Better than you old man Seth, At least I still have all my hair." Seth reacted by holding his hand to his heart as if wounded. I grinned at the antics between these two who were obviously old friends. Interjecting my self into the conversation, I asked, "Aren't there spells that can make hair grow back?" Seth looked me up and down and asked, "And who is this man who speaks with a child's voice." "This is my nephew; I had him put on the changer bracelet because I would rather not have certain individuals recognize him," "Ah, I will secure the shop, I want to have a look at the boy, after all, we are family now," he responded, pulling out a wand, he flicked it to the doors and windows. The door locked behind us and all the windows darkened. Once the shop was secure, my uncle nodded to me, and I took off my bracelet. Curious about our relations, I asked, "How are we related?" Coming over and sweeping me off my feet in an enormous bear hug he boomed out, "I am Nefrets uncle, that makes us family." After speaking for a while, Seth boomed, "Now onto business," and brought out a large trunk and slammed it down before, my uncle. Watching the lid of the trunk shake as if something was trying to break free. I asked, "What's in there?" Rubbing my head John said, "Maybe when you're a little older we can talk about it." Hearing his reply, I shot him an annoyed look. Before leaving the shop, I put my bracelet back on, and John shrank the trunk and put it into his coat. We spent a few more hours going to random shops. Some we were at for less than a minute with my uncle dropping off a package, others took longer. When we were finished, we made our way back to the arches and passed through them. What awaited us on the other side, changed how I viewed my uncle. On the other side were two wizards and a witch waiting for us in a triangle formation. At first, I assumed they were preparing to use the arch until one said, "You know John, he isn't happy with what you've been up to lately. You have been cutting into what he considers his for a while now." My uncle narrowed his eyes and spoke two words in such a deadly tone that it sent shivers down my spine, "Move, now." The tone of his voice promised violence if he was not obeyed. At first, I was worried about being outnumbered, but I noticed the strained expression on the witches and wizards expressions. It took me a minute to realize that they were terrified of my uncle; it was a strange sight to me as I had never seen this side of my uncle before. Speaking in a pleading tone, "Look, he just wants to make a deal." Uncle snarled, "If he wants to make a deal, then he can come down here and tell me himself," He brushed past them as if he had no fear of turning his back on them. We spent the remainder of the trip back in silence. Once we made it back to the ship, his whole demeanor shifted, relaxing and turning to me, he said: "I sorry that happened." Confused about the whole situation, I asked, "Who were those guys?" Running his hand through his dark hair, he responded, "It's a long story." Seeing my unimpressed look at his attempt to shrug off the events, he said, "Alright, Alright, we can talk. Follow me." Heading below deck, we went to his office, the first thing he did was pour himself a glass of fire-whiskey. After taking a few sips, He spoke in a sorrowful tone, "You know, it's kinda funny how life turned out. When your young you have all these ideas for the future, but then one day life kicks you in the teeth and everything changes. For me, that day happened when my father died and disappeared, and then Whithorn betrayed us. I was still my sixth year at Hogwarts back when it happened. My original plan was to graduate and join my father in the business. Your father was the one who wanted to travel the world. After the worst happened, everything changed for me; I was no longer thinking about the business; what I wanted was revenge. I threw myself into dueling, learning everything there was about fighting." Taking a deep breath, he continued, "After I graduated, the first thing I planned to do was challenge Whithorn, he was out of the country then, but I tracked him down to Egypt. That's when I met Seth for the first time, and he gave me a wake-up call. He sat me down and told me that if I took Delvin down, that I would be dooming my family. You see, supporting Delvin from the shadows was his Father, Declan. I told Seth that if his Declan came after my family, then he would meet the same fate as Delvin. I'll never forget how hard Seth laughed at my naivety." Looking me in the eye, my uncle told me in a somber tone, "Perhaps one of the most dangerous wizards in the world is Declan Whithorn." Confused, I asked, "How can he be one of the most dangerous wizards in the world, I've never even heard of the guy?" Shaking his head, John replied, That's what makes him so dangerous, most people don't even know about him. You see he isn't like a traditional dark wizard seeking power to rule the world. The thing that concerns him the most is money?" Giving my uncle a skeptically look, "Love of money, that not exactly the mark of an dangerous wizard," I said. My uncle shook his head and said, "You don't understand; he has forged a global network of witches, wizards, goblins, vampires, werewolves and other creatures that are completely loyal to him. Their goal is wealth and power, and they will stoop to any level to achieve their goal. They have their fingers into everything. Recently, In the last twenty year, they have entered the muggle drug trade; they now secretly control most of the drugs in the world. The amount of money this has made syndicate has is astronomical; they are then able to reinvest that wealth into gold, silver, gems even land, which has value in our world. This wealth is what has allowed them to increase their influence and power. Anyone who opposes them is either secretly bribed to look the other way or quietly disappears. His syndicate has been quietly destroying families all over the world for 40 years." After hearing everything, I asked in disbelief, "Why the hell aren't the Aurors taking him down?" Gnashing his teeth, John replied, "Like I said he is very clever, they people who work for him, have to swear an unbreakable vow never to betray him. Plus with the amount of wealth he has, it is surprisingly easy to bribe people. He also lives on a moving ship, and the number of defensive spells upon it make it a fortress. Not to mention, it's constantly on the move and incredibly difficult to track. But most of all, he isn't breaking the International Statute of Secrecy, you see a lot of dark wizards end up destroying things in a loud manner, Declan is more subtle than that, which lets him fly under the radar." Mulling over everything I had learned today, a thought occurred to me, "Uncle John, you said he lives on a ship right." John nodded back at me, saying, "That's right." Sure of my hunch, I stated, "I'm betting that you procured this ship soon after learning about his ship right." With a shark-like smile on his face, He replied, "What an interesting observation to make, it's almost like your suggesting I have some secret plan." His grin let me know I was on the right track, so I continued, "You said he had destroyed families all over the world, I imagine some of the people who disappeared, left families behind." With John giving me an encouraging nod, I continued, "If someone were to track these people down, I imagine that some of them would want revenge, and I can't help but notice you have people from all over the world living on your ship. After downing his glass of fire whiskey, John replied with an evil grin, "Imagine that, a group of people coming together to bring down one of the most powerful organizations in the world. They would need to be patient, slowly positioning and infiltrating themselves to be able to take the organization down in one strike, it could take years to pull off, but you know what they say, revenge is a dish best served cold."
The following two weeks flew by, and the next thing I knew, my cousin Omar was returning from his first year at Uagadou. When he came aboard the ship, he was mobbed by his mother, running her hands through his long dark curly hair, she fretted "You look exhausted, have you not been getting enough rest at that school because if you want, I can head down there. I know the headmaster, how dare he not ensure his students get enough rest. What kind of school is he running over there." As she continued making threats, Omar shot me an embarrassed look and rolling his dark brown eyes at his mother's worrying. Seeing that I covered my grin with my hand, Omar remarked, "I don't know what you think is so funny, seeing how 'lively' your mom is, I imagine your homecoming will be ten times worse than this." His remark wiped the smug smile right off my face, and I blanched, thinking about the scene that my mother was bound to make at the Hogwart's train platform. Seeing my expression, Omar laughed. John greeted his son with a hug and said, "So I have a little surprise for you." Pulling out several tickets to the South American regional dueling finals, whose final winner would go on to the International Dueling Competition. Omar's eyes widened at the sight of the tickets whooping in excitement, turning to me he asked, "Have you ever been to a dueling competition," Shaking my head in response, "My mom doesn't approve of them." "You're gonna love it," he replied. After rubbing Omar's head, John said, "Well, I guess we better get the ship moving if we want to make it there by tonight." Walking over to Ship's wheel, John pulled out his wand and began waving it around as if conducting an orchestra. Immediately the ship began to react to his inaudible commands; ropes began lashing loose items down preparing for the journey ahead. Other items like the giant umbrella melted into the deck after the ship had finished preparing itself for the journey. The ship shuddered as it began to slip down beneath the water, As the ship sank below the water, an invisible bubble surrounded the ship, keeping the water from flooding into the ship. Once the ship was fully submerged underwater, the ship headed towards a shimmering stream of light and John shouted. "Everyone hold on." As soon as the ship entered the steam of light, the ship' speed rapidly increased. The stream of light didn't head in a straight line, sometimes it was near the surface, and at other near the bottom of the oceans, it even backtracked a few times. Turning to my uncle, I questioned, "Are these natural paths of wizard forged paths?" With a shrug, he responded, "nobody knows for sure, what we do know is that they have been around for thousands of years. Not that many wizards still use the ancient waterway, I imagine there are less than 100 ships worldwide that are even capable of using them. There are just too many other ways to travel long distance now. But thousands of years ago, this was one of the most efficient in crossing continents." A few hours later, John maneuvered the ship out of the waterway and made the ship rise back to the surface. Once we broke free of the surface, I noticed land in the distance, and I asked, "What part of South America is that." "That's Brazil," John responded. "The dueling finals are held outside of the city of Salvador." After John decided to drop anchor where we were. he decided that we would fly in on brooms, to make sure no muggles saw us, he cast the disillusionment charm, which would make seeing us very difficult. By the time we made it to the other side of Salvador, the sun was starting to sink behind the horizon. We kept on flying until John motioned for us to follow him down. We landed on a large hilltop that was surrounded by trees. At the bottom of the hill was a small dirt path that ran off into the jungle. Motioning Omar and me to follow, John strode off as we made our way through the twist and turns of the dirt path. Eventually, we came upon a warehouse in the middle of the jungle; There were no other signs of habitation anywhere. It was like this building had sprung up all by itself in the countryside. Guarding the doors were two stone jaguars when my uncle showed the tickets to the jaguars their emerald eyes glowed for a moment then dimmed. After confirming our tickets, they stood aside to let us pass. The first thing I noticed upon entering was the noise, on the outside, the only sounds anyone could hear were that of the jungle. Once we came in though, the noise level increased as there were thousands of wizards packed into stands that rose from the bottom to the top. Omar and I eye's widened at the sight of so many wizards, I got my uncles attention and asked, "How many wizards do you think there are here tonight." Looking around, he shrugged and said, "Probably around few thousand or so." At the bottom of the stands, sunk twenty feet below the ground was a circular platform with a diameter of fifty feet. As we took our seats on the bottom row, I ended up sandwiched between Omar and another English wizard who had a curious ring with a silver spear etched into it. Soon after sitting, the first match was announced, there would be twelve wizards and witches competing tonight, with only one moving on to the International Dueling Conference. When the first two competitors got onto the round platform, they both went to opposite sides and stood inside two-foot circles. On the platform, there were many lines and circles marked into the ground. Curious about what they were, I asked Omar, "What is the deal with all those lines in the platform. Before he could respond, the blond-haired wizard sitting next to me interjected, "Is this your first match." After indicating that it was my first match, he started to explain, "The line drawn down the middle separating the two sides are boundary lines if a wizard cross that line, he forfeits the match. The small rings that the wizards are standing in are both the starting position, but also if they can stay within the circle for the whole match, they are awarded points." Confused about the point system, I said, "I didn't think there were points, I thought it only mattered if you won the match." He nodded and replied, "In some ways, your right, the point system has nothing to do with whether you advance or loose. However, the points a wizard get in the matches go into a ranking system, which ranks all the wizards in the league. Most often, the ones with higher points, are considered to be the better duelers, so there is also a bit of fame that goes with being ranked higher. However, a good duelist knows when to leave the circle." "Is there a penalty for leaving the circle?" I asked. Arms waving with excitement, he continued, "So, the first wizard to leave the circle loses a small number of points, once he steps out, the other wizard may leave the smaller circle with no penalty attached, but if he stays in the circle and the other wizard left his and wins the match, he gets a bigger number of points. It's a delicate balance to maintain, I've seen many duels lost because a wizard overestimates his skill and tries to get more points and ends up losing the match." As the first match began, the wizard next to me fell quiet. Not wanting to miss a single moment I started at the two wizards on opposite sides of the platform, as they got into the small circles, they bowed towards one another. I jumped when there was a loud bang, which indicated the start of the match. Both wizards, instantly drew their wands, the one on the right side, wearing red and black robes went on the offensive right away. He started by quickly shooting a spell towards his opponent wearing dark green robes. As a flash of red hurled towards the green-robed wizard, he quickly cast a conjured a shield and position it to reflect the spell towards the caster. He quickly followed up with his attack. Both wizards not speaking a spell shot spell after spell at each other. After a few rounds out them trading spells, the red-robed wizard was on the defense was forced to move out of the small circle. However, that didn't help him for very long and soon after the green robe wizard was able to obtain a victory by hitting the other wizard with a spell that tossed him out of the ring. The length of the match was only around two minutes, throughout the rest of the matches some were shorter, and others were longer, the green-robed wizard from the first match ending up winning in the end. I found out just before the final match his name was Carlos, and he was the favorite. After all the matches, we made our way back to the ship. Uncle John patted me on the shoulder and asked, "What did you think about the duels." After mulling it over for a minute, I responded, "It was different from what I expected. I didn't realize how much strategy went it to dueling. I always had assumed that whoever tossed the more powerful spell would win, but it appears that timing and the ability to cast more appropriate spells that counter your appointment is more important. I can't imagine how knowledgeable some of the best duelists must be. At their level, almost all spells were being cast nonverbally. So they had to guess what spells their opponents were using, based on the wand movement, the shape of the spell and some intuition. All in the heat of the moment, while trying to remain in the tiny circle. It's impressive." Nodding in agreement, John added, "By the time, most wizard and witches who make it to this point, they are an experienced and knowledgeable duelist." In a skeptical tone, Omar scoffed, "Ya but a duel isn't a real fight, just because someone is an accomplished duelist doesn't mean they would be effective in the real world. There are too many rules inside the ring." Shaking his head in disagreement, John countered, "While that may be true for a lower-ranked duelist. The high rankers have so much experience having spells hurled towards them and being able to counter the spell without moving. Not to mention being able to quickly strategize and plan what spells to use in the middle of a fight is something that you have to train into yourself. And while it's true a lot of curses and spells aren't allowed in the ring, I would imagine that if the duelist didn't recognize what that spell was, they would dodge the spell." After we made it back to the ship, the discussion moved on to what was the best match and who was the best dueler at the finals. Towards the end, I asked John, "How does one become a professional duelist? Grinning at my question, John smirked, "Why, do you fancy yourself a duelist when you grow up. "I'm just curious, besides considering the war the just happened, I think that learning how to fight that well seems like a good idea." I defended. Seeing that I had a point, John replied, "When I was at Hogwarts, there were some dueling clubs still around. Some were secret and hard to get into, but others allowed anyone to join." After learning about the dueling clubs, I made the decision then and there that I would be joining one. After all, Voldemort would eventually be returning, and I would be prepared for it. A few days, later when I got home, I found my parents waiting for me in the kitchen, with a letter with a red wax seal sitting on the table. I ran to the table and grabbed the letter and opened it and pulled out a letter. Dear Mr. Fawley, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress
Running my fingers over the invitation made of heavy parchment, still a little in shock that it was finally here. I would be going to Hogwarts in a few months, even after everything I've been through in this new life, the idea of attending a magical school still a little mind-boggling. For the first time worry boiled up inside of me, now that Hogwarts was here, the war that would be coming suddenly seemed a lot closer now. In six years Voldemort would be returning and who knows what would happen when he finally makes his move in the open. Once I began changing things, the knowledge that I did have would become less reliable. Deciding to worry about the future another day, I took the invitation, over towards a desk and signed my name to the letter stating that I would be attending. Knowing that the act of signing applied the trace to me, I expected to feel something as it took ahold of me. After a minute or so of not feeling anything, I determined that the magical trace wasn't something that I could feel affecting me. Turning back towards my parents, I handed my dad the invitation and asked. "The invitation says we are allowed to bring a pet if it is an owl, rat, cat or toad. Will Athena be allowed to come? As if understanding the conversation, Athena's eyes widened as if she hadn't considered the possibility of me leaving her behind was in the cards." Not for the first time, I wondered just how intelligent she was. Sometimes, it seemed like she could follow entire conversations, and other times, she would get a confused look on her face as if she didn't understand what was happening. Dad reached out and scratched Athena's head as if to comfort her. Turning to me, he said, "We can try to get special permission from the headmaster. I am sure there have been other exceptions made for magical creatures. Athena has bonded with you, and I am not sure what would happen if you and Athena were separated for that long." Athena hopped up onto my shoulder and wrapped her tail protectively around my throat. As if to declare that I wouldn't be leaving her behind. I reached up and scratched her ears in her favorite spot to reassure her that I wouldn't be going anywhere without her. Deciding to change the subject, I eagerly asked, "Now that we have my letter, can we go and wand." Ever since learning that I was in a magical world, and I was a wizard, I had been fantasizing about getting my wand and all the magic that I would do with it. Smiling at my expression, Dad responded, "I guess it is about that time; sometimes it's hard to believe that you're old enough for your wand. Let me take care of a few things, and then we can go to Diagon Alley, make sure to bring the list of everything that you will need so that we can get everything in one trip." By the time we were ready to leave a few hours had passed, mom had dropped the twins off at grandmother's cottage. I think the idea of taking the twins to Diagon alley seemed like it would be too much of a headache trying to keep them in line. Stepping into the fireplace, I threw the floo powder I grabbed towards the ground and shouted, "Diagon Alley." After being transported through the network and arriving at Diagon alley, I found my mom had put on what I like to call her war face. While most women that I knew from my previous life seemed to enjoy the act of shopping, my mother seemed to hate it with a passion. She never wanted to window shop; her goal was to get in and out as quickly as possible. It could be somewhat annoying, there were so many magical trinkets I would want to stop and check out, but I was always forced to move along. She had the list of everything that I would need in her hand, waving it around like a sword she barked out instructions like a general giving order before a battle. "All right, this is how we're going to do this; dad will head out and start picking up your equipment items and anything else he thinks that you will need. You and I will get you fitted for your robes for school, and then we can stop by and pick up your wand while they are being made." Rolling my eyes at the way mom approached shopping like it was a battle to be won. I shot a resigned look towards dad, and he wordlessly shrugged as if to say that there was nothing to be done about it, and it was just easier not to fight it. By the time I had finished getting fitted for my robes, I was bursting with excitement. After we left Madam Malkin's Robes for all Occasions, I made a beeline for Ollivander's wand shop. By the time my mother caught up, I was standing in front of the shop, "Go on," she said, "I'll wait outside for you." Opening the door into the shop, I found that the front of the shop was empty, and behind the counter were rows and rows of shelves that were packed with small rectangular boxes that I assumed had wands in them. While I was marveling at all of the wands in the shop, I heard a spooky voice ring out, "Why hello there, young one, here to get your first wand." Turing, I saw an old wizard who I assumed was Olivander sticking his head out around the shelf at a weird angle. Gulping down my nervousness, I replied out in what I hoped was a brave voice not wanting him to realize just how creepy I found him. "Yes, I am here for my wand." Hearing my response, he seemed to glide around the corner. "Excellent, I do hope you will offer me a challenge. I do so love the challenge of matching wands to wizards." Thinking to myself, OK, Rowling did not do a good job explaining how creepy Ollivandor was because he was giving off and big creepy vibe. He reached out his hand and motioned for me to do the same. As soon as I did, he pulled down his glasses, which magnified his eyes. Grabbing hold of my hand, he turned it over and did a close inspection while muttering under his breath. He brought out measuring tape and measured different parts of my hand from my finger length to my palm. After a few minutes of closely inspecting my dominant hand, he seemed to come to a conclusion, "Ah, I know just where to begin with you," Without another word, he disappeared behind one of his shelves, all while muttering so low I couldn't make out what he was saying. Popping out from behind a different shelf, he brought back several different boxes. See me look at the three boxes; he said, "Let us begin." Pulling out the first wand, he handed it to me and said, "Ebony and unicorn hair, good for transfiguration," Knowing what to do from the books, I waved the wand, a small stream of water began to leak out of the tip of the wand. With a bright smile on his face, he was happy that this wasn't the wand for me, "I think not." Grabbing another one of the boxes, he slid it open and handed me another one. As we went through all the boxes, none of them seemed to fit. This only seemed to encourage Ollivader, as if the harder the search was, the more satisfaction he got out of it. After about a dozen wands, he brought back another box and slid it open. Pulling out an ivory-colored wand, he said, "Aspen and dragon heartstring." The second I grabbed ahold of it, there was like a silent click and wave of satisfaction shot through me. Whatever it was, Ollivander picked up on it immediately. With a slightly disappointed look on his face that the search was over, he congratulated me, That's a highly prized wand, that chooses you, Aspen is a highly coveted wood many wizards want." "Does it matter what type of wood a wand is made off?" "Oh yes," he responded, My family, has been making wands for over 1600 years. We have discovered many different kinds of wood to use; some seem to have different requirements for wizards. Others have strange quirks to them as well; I believe that my father published a book, about such things long ago. However, it ended up making some wizard react foolishly; they would try to demand wands of certain wood and cores based on their desires for being good at certain types of magic. Not realizing that if the wand doesn't choose you, and you use a wand that you are not suited for, it doesn't mean that you will become good at certain types of magic." Clarifying, I said, So a wand doesn't make you good at a certain type of magic. But rather, they select you for your natural abilities knowing that you will already one day be good at certain types of magic. How intelligent are they to be able to determine what type of magic you will be good at? How can they do that are they alive?" Shrugging he responded, "My family has been studying the nature of wands for generations, and we still haven't learned everything, It has become clear though that wand has the ability to choose their owners, some wands even switch allegiance under certain circumstances. The longer a wizard has their wand, the more the wand seems to change and grow with their owner. They seem to catch a feel for how the wizard weaves his spells. A wizard can find certain spells they often cast easier to cast." Leaning forward as if to whisper a secret, he continued, "Most wizards don't even realize how much their wands grow and change. When I carve wands, I leave them smooth and without carvings. But, if you look at a wizard who has had their wand for years, you can see patterns and shapes emerge on the wand, what's curious is that most wizards and witches never seem to realize how different their wand is from when they bought it. All of these things lead me to believe that wands are actually alive, it may be a different type of life than you and I, but it is life all the same" Nodding my understanding, I thanked Ollivander, and I headed outside before I left, I called out, "What do Aspen wands normally indicate about their owners," With a secretive smile, he replied cryptically, "If I were you I would be on the lookout for a silver spear." Not knowing what to make of that, I met up with my mom — the rest of the trip passed by in a blink of an eye. I was so distracted by the thought of heading the tower, where I could practice some beginner spells under the watchful eye of Anton.
When we returned home, dad and I were exhausted, it felt like we had just been through a shopping war, and we lost. The only one of us who didn't look tired was my mother; she had a smug grin on her face as if everything had gone according to her master plan. Floating behind my dad was my truck; inside was everything that I would need for the year. Looking up at the stairs and corners, we would have to haul the trunk up, once again made me grateful that I was in a family of wizards, if we had to drag the trunk by hand, it would have taken forever. As it were, dad just followed me to my room with the trunk easily following behind him. After he dropped my trunk in the corner of my room, I eagerly opened my trunk, looking for my spellbooks for the year. Looking inside, I discovered the trunks' expansion charm; it was a little strange to look inside the trunk and see around the inside dimensions around three times the outside dimensions. Finding my books off towards the side, I grabbed the first one and turned it over to find — Standard Book of Spells Grade 1 by Miranda Goshawk. The second I opened the book, my mother's voice rang out, "Alex dinner time." Reluctantly I set the book down, knowing if I didn't head down now, my mother would lose her temper. Dinner seemed to drag on forever; time itself seemed to be mocking my desire to practice spells with my wand for the first time. Deciding that attempting my first spell in the house was too risky, I decided to wait till night when everyone was asleep. To pass the time, after dinner, dad and I played a few games of wizard chess. After his third loss in a row, dad threw his hands up and declared, "Your cheating somehow." Off to the side, mom and the twins laughed at dad's expression. Thinking smugly to myself, sorry dad, but your no match for someone who has played computer chess masters before. And although wizard chess did have a few other factors to consider, like your pieces motivations, it was mainly similar to regular chess. In my previous life, one of my main pastimes at the hospital was playing chess online. I think the final straw for my dad was when Sasha stood up and went and hugged him to comfort his loss. At first, my dad seemed to draw strength from her support and almost issued another challenge. Then she patted him on the back and sweetly said, "It's ok daddy, even though you stink at chess. I still love you." Hearing Sasha's words, my dad's face wilted, while my mom fell off her seat, laughing uncontrollably. After catching her breath, she crowed, "This is karma, all those time beating me and gloating when we used to play, now it's your turn to lose all the time." As the night wore on, I couldn't help but watch the clock, impatient for my chance to head to the tower. An hour after everyone had gone to sleep, I slowly my window open, wincing at the squeaks it made. After making sure the noise didn't disturb anyone, I grabbed my book and broom and took off into the night sky. Luckily my tower master ring had some type of homing spell linked to the tower. If I concentrated, I could feel a tugging sensation in my mind, pointing the way to the tower. Upon arriving, I headed to the top of the tower where a broken branch hid a ledge with a door as soon as I landed the door melted away, leaving a gaping black hole in the tower. Once I crossed the threshold, torches on the wall began to light, and when I made it to the main floor where I found Anton sleeping in his portrait. "Anton," I called out, want to seek his instruction before I started casting spells. Upon hearing my voice, Anton's eyes snapped open, and he began howling, "Intruder, How dare you wake me from my slumber, prepare to meet thy doom. Your fate shall be horrible, and all will tremble in awe of my power, and the whole world shall fear my wrath… Oh, it just you, Alex." Rolling my eye's at his antics and pulling out my new wand, I waved it threatening in his direction and joked. "You know, now that I have my wand, you might want to be a little more respectful." He scoffed at me and said, "Bah, the great wizard Anton, fears no one." Studying my fingernail, I innocently replied, "You know, the other day I was at my grandmother's house, and I found another painting of one of our ancestors. Her name was Elizabeth Fawley." Upon hearing the name, Anton shuddered, and whispered, "You wouldn't dare." Knowing that I had found a weakness, a Cheshire grin emerged on my face, "Well, I suppose I don't have to mention I found her husband's painting. I wouldn't want to see my brave mentor who fears no one, to suddenly become fearful. Especially since I will need his instruction." Muttering to himself about how kids these days have no respect for their elders. Anton gave a small bow and asked, "How can I help you at this late hour." Pulling out my spell-book, I eagerly responded, "It's time for me to cast my first spells. I want your advice before I do." Nodding thoughtfully, he responded, "Before you start casting, it would be better to work on learning the different wand movements beforehand." Tilting my head in confusion, I asked, "How many wand movements are?" There are dozens of different movements. Such as swishes, flicks, twirls, spins, pokes, and even compound movements that combine multiple movements. If you learn how to move your wand correctly, there is less chance of your spell going out of control. I believe I had a book on wand movements in the library on the lower level." After retrieving the book, from the library and looking over the movements, I began practicing the swish and flick movement, in anticipation of casting the levitation spell that Ron used to take down the troll in the first book. After practicing the wand movements for some time, I opened the standard book of spells book, to look up how to cast it. After memorizing the spell incantation Wingardium Leviosa and learning I needed to swish and flick my wand while saying the spell. I drew my wand and pointed it towards a wine glass that was on the desk and chanted "Wingardium Leviso" while preforming a swish and flick wand movement and concentrating on making the goblet float. To mine and Anton's surprise, I achieved success on my first try. Having a wand made all the difference in the world when casting magic. The amount of mental effort compared to using a wand or trying to use wandless magic was night and day. Shooting a smug grin at Anton, I could see from his expression that he was impressed that I achieved success on my first try. After a few minutes of watching the glass float around, the spell began to wear off, and it floated back down to the table. Eager to try another spell, I began to flip through my book for another to try out, when Anton interrupted, "What do you think you are doing?" Raising an eyebrow at his question, I said, "Looking for another spell to try out, that one was too easy." Rolling his eyes at my answer, So you cast a spell once, and you think you have learned everything there is to the spell. Let me tell you there are many different ways to use that spell. You had it float in the air; true mastery involves being able to command it completely in the air. Hearing his response, I continued to practice the levitation charm. After thirty minutes of casting the levitation charm over and over, I realized that I was quickly becoming exhausted, and it was becoming more difficult to cast the spell. Finally, I went to cast the charm one more time, and it failed. Turning to Anton in confusion, I asked, "Why am I so tired? I feel like I can barely think, what is wrong with me?" Rolling his eyes at my questions, he said, "What did you think you could cast spells indefinitely with no consequence. You will have to build up a mental endurance, to be honest, you did amazing for your first time, I expected you to run out of steam fifteen minutes ago." To clarify, I said, "So it's not because I ran out of magic." Shaking his head, Anton clarified, "Wizard don't ever run out of magic, but rather, there is a mental limitation that wizards have; it is because of the mental component that spells require. When wizard cast spells, they can become exhausted by the mental effort needed to perform the spell correctly; if they can't concentrate, they may not be able to perform the spell correctly." Nodding my understanding, I asked, "Is there any way to improve my endurance." Shrugging he responded, Sure all you have to do is cast spells over and over, as you get older you will also be able to last longer and longer. The mental component is like a muscle, you more you use it the stronger it gets." After confirming with Anton that wizards can build their mental endurance, I decided that I would cast spells at the end of every day until I was too exhausted to continue. The next night I returned to the tower with more of my spell books, Pulling out my transfiguration book, I asked for my first lesson in transfiguration. Shaking his head, Anton refused, "No, stay away from transformation magic, until a teacher teaches you, it is the most demanding subjects, and too much has the potential to go wrong. Perhaps next year when you have some experience with transfiguration we can move forward, but until then I would recommend just practicing, charms, jinxes and hexes. There is no rush to be in a hurry; you will have seven years at Hogwarts to learn more difficult magic." Seeing how serious Anton was on the subject, I decided to follow his advice. As summer continued, I split my time at my dad's workshop and at the tower, where I practiced charms, hexes, and jinxes determined to impress my teacher at Hogwarts. By the end of the summer, I could tell Anton was half annoyed, half impressed on how easily I picked everything up. He said, "With how quickly you pick magic up, I wouldn't be surprised if you are sorted into Ravenclaw." Having never heard him speak on the houses, I asked, "What house were you in?" Puffing his chest up, "I was in the noble house of Hufflepuff," Snorting in laughter, I said, "I don't know, you seem like more like a Slytherin to me. I mean you did build this dark tower in a forest, which has a lot of traps built into it. Seems kinda like what a dark lord from Slytherin would do." Snorting in derision, he replied, "Hmpf. Shows just how little you know about the houses, Hufflepuff is the house dedicated to hard work. What could be harder than building a tower like this all by yourself? Besides, just because a few wizards from Sythernin go bad doesn't make them all evil. Plus, there has been plenty of dark wizards who have shown up in some of the other houses. Although even I will admit, more of them seem to come from the Slytherin house." Not knowing what to think, the books seem to imply that all the dark wizards came from Slytherin house. But there is the possibility that the Harry Potter books were told from a narrow point of view. It does make sense, though if Sytherins were truly the only breeding ground for evil wizards, why would they be allowed to remain? The idea if you are sorted into a particular house either make you a hero or a villain is a childish idea. Over the next few days, the idea of what house I would end up in consumed my thoughts. I was curious about it would say about my character. If I remember correctly, Slytherin took those who were of the purest blood, and of great cunning. But I also remember that there have been plenty of talented half-bloods who ended up in that house as well. For Gryffindor house, I believe they sought the bravest wizards along with those who are chivalrous. Those in Ravenclaw were supposed to be the most intelligent wizards. And while Hufflepuff, didn't have any mandatory criteria, her house was supposed to be hardworking and the most dedicated to teamwork. A few days before I was supposed to leave for school, we had a large family dinner with my grandmother along with my aunt and uncle. My cousin couldn't join us because he had already left for school. Wanting to get some advice about the Hogwarts houses, from my family, I asked, "Does our family have a particular house we normally get sorted into." Hearing my question, Dad shook his head, "Not really, while some families seemed to stick to a particular house, our has been all over the place. I was a Ravenclaw student." He bragged. Considering what my father did for a living, I wasn't too surprised. Eager to hear what house my uncle was in, I turned to him with an expectant look. A smug grin appeared on his face, and he pronounced "Slytherin." Not too surprised at the house he was in, I sent a look towards my grandmother, she said, "Well, I was a Hufflepuff, and your grandfather was a Gryffindor." Hearing that my family came from all the different houses, I asked curiously, "What house is the best." All three exchanged looks towards one another and responded at the same time. "Hufflepuff," grandmother exclaimed. "Ravenclaw," dad declared. "Slytherin," Uncle John replied. With an annoyed look on my face, I responded, "That's less than helpful." Seeing my expression, dad comforted me, "It doesn't matter what house you get suited into, the house the hat sorts you into, is the house in which you are most suited for, we couldn't care less what house you are sorted into." Seeing that I was nodding to indicate that I understood, he reached over and hugged me and whispered into my ear. "That being said, Ravenclaw is the best house." Deciding to interject my mother said, "I don't know why Hogwarts sorts people into different houses, it only seems to divide your school." Before anyone could express their opinion, I responded. "It's rather clever; having different houses has multiple benefits. The first is it gives people motivation to try harder, when people have a sense of belong to a group, they naturally want that group to succeed. Having opposing houses ensures that you strive your hardest to do better than the other houses. The next benefit is that of behavior control. How else do you expect a few teachers control the behavior of almost a thousand wizards and witches? They achieve all of this through the house cup competition, on the one hand, they reward students for being the best and having achievements, and on the other hand, if they misbehave, they punish the house that they belong to, which encourages students to follow the rules. If they choose not to and continue to cost the house points, they often have to deal with fellow students disapproval from their own house. It is an effective social control formula." The rest of my family looked flabbergasted at my in-depth review of the house system. My uncle weakly offered, "I was just going to say it was a longstanding tradition." Dad proudly raised his nose and bragged, "Defiantly a Ravenclaw." The following two days went by in a flash, and the next thing I knew it was the first of September and I would be heading off to Hogwarts.
By the time sun's beams of light pierced my bedroom window in the morning of September 1st, I had already been awake for several hours. Hogwarts was finally upon me; ever since being reborn in this world, I had been imagining how this day was going to go. Looking around my room, it was hard to imagine that I would be leaving all of this behind, part of me wished that students could travel home at nights to their homes. My mom's voice shook me from my melancholy thoughts as it reverberated through the house, "ALEX, SASHA, REBECCA, DOWNSTAIRS IN 5 MINUTES, WE ARE RUNNING BEHIND SCHEDULE." Wincing at the piercing sound of my mother's voice I couldn't help but think, that maybe boarding at school has an upside to it as well. Dragging my trunk behind me, I made my way downstairs. When I made it to the kitchen, I found everyone sitting down for a quick breakfast. After wolfing down my breakfast as quick as I could, I asked eagerly, "When are we leaving." Dad smiled at my tone, set a small box on the table, and said, "Soon, but before we leave, there is something your mother and I want to give you." As he slid the package over to me, I reached out and opened the box to find a silver collar that had a round blue metal tag on it. On the back of the tag was our house coat of arms, and on the front said, Athena. While admiring the craftsmanship, dad informed me, "We got permission from the headmaster for Athena to go with you, but he suggested that we try and make her a bit more inconspicuous." Hearing her name called, Athena sauntered into the kitchen like she owned the place. With a nod towards Athena, he said, "Put it on her, you'll get a kick out of it." I tapped on the table and called out, "Athena, come here, girl." Always happy to jump onto the table and to be the center of attention, Athena leaped towards the table coming at a stop before me. Picking up the collar, I said, "This is for you." Unimpressed, Athena looked at me like I was crazy as if to say, that there was no way in hell I was putting a collar on her. "Come on, don't be like that." Seeing that Athena wasn't swayed, I pulled out the big guns. "If you don't put this on, you have to stay here while I leave for Hogwarts." Right on cue, Sasha called out, "Don't do it, Athena." Rebecca quickly followed up, "Ya, if you don't put the collar on, you can stay here with us. We'll have lots of fun." Fully understanding what the twins viewed as fun, Athena leaped into my lap shivering in fear, I slide the over-sized collar over her head and around her neck. The collar shrank in place, fitting her perfectly. Immediately her horns and wing seemed to fold inward and under her fur until they were no longer visible. "Oooh." The twins hummed in awe. Curious to see, it the horns were gone, or simply invisible, I rubbed Athena' head. Not feeling a thing, I shot a curious glance towards my dad, "Don't worry, when you take it off, everything will return." He reassured me. Admiring the enchantment as it was custom designed for Athena, I asked, "Did you do the charm-work yourself." A proud look appeared on his face "Of course; you think I would let someone else handle this. Besides custom charm-work is one of my favorite things to do; it challenges me to become a better enchanter. Over the years, I have had to do some interesting challenges. Once I made a clock for a lady that kept track of her families movement. Nice lady, loads of kids." Hearing him talk about the clock that could track family members, brought up an old memory from the books. I bet it was the Weasley family clock. "That seems like a useful thing to have, why don't we have one." Dad shot a look towards mom, and she smirked, "What makes you think I don't have something that can secretly track your movement." Of course mom magically load jacked me, I thought to myself. Thinking about all my extracurricular activities, that I've been up to in the forest, made a nervous laugh bubble up. Thinking to myself, of course, mom has been tracking our movement; I hope its more of a vague tracker like the Weasley's rather than some time of real-time tracker. After a moment of uncomfortable silence, mom interjected, "Well, since dad gave you his gift, it's time for me to give you mine. I have been saving this for you for years now." Sliding a small package towards me, she said, "Be careful while opening it." Slowly opening the box, I discovered a small vile with a golden liquid in it. Eyes wide, I turned to mom and whispered, "Is this what I think it is." Mom shot my dad a smug smile and replied, "I decided to save you a vial of the Felix Felicis that I made six years ago." A little stunned at the magnitude of the gift, I whispered, "But this has to be worth almost a thousand gallons." Mom reached out and bobbed me on the head, saying, "You're worth it, besides not only is this your going away present, but it also counts as your birthday present as well." Not knowing what to say, I hugged her. She continued, "Now first some ground rules, I'm not going to go into the consequence about using the potion, during exams, or competitions or other regulated events. But know that they are severe penalties involved." Wanting to needle her a bit, I interjected: "Technically, you just did go into it." Smacking the back of my head, she went on, "Remember, once you take this, you can't take any more for at least a decade. Otherwise, the only luck you will have when you take it will be bad luck." After nodding my understanding and handling the vial carefully, I packed it deep within my trunk. After securing everything I asked, "How are we getting to the platform in London?" "We're taking the knight bus," Dad informed me. As we left our property, the heavy gate closed behind us with a loud click. Outside the gate was a small paved path that led to the road. Upon reaching the road, Dad whipped out his wand and flicked it out like he was hailing a cab. Within moments, a blue triple-decker bus seemed to appear out of nowhere. Seeing my trunk once we all made it on board, the driver made the connection and asked, "You guys headed to the platform then." Dad proudly replied, "Yes, our boy here, is headed for his first year at Hogwarts." "That will be 11 sickles per person." After dad handed over 55 sickles, we made our way to the seating area; it was half full of students with their parents heading to Hogwarts. A little apprehensive, from the description in the books, I sat down fully expecting to get thrown forward next time the bus stopped abruptly. However, as soon as I sat, Dad pointed his wand at me and muttered an incantation under his breath. All of a sudden, I was unable to move from the chair. Dad looked at me and said, " Sticking charm, trust me, you'll be thankful in a moment. Once mom got the twins situated, the bus took off like a bat out of hell. The countryside began blurring because we were moving so quickly. With a loud bang, the bus slammed to a stopped. Luckily, the charm held me in place. Otherwise, I defiantly would have been thrown across the bus floor, just like in the books. After a few more quick stops, we made it to London in record time. At the train station, we left the knight bus behind. Once all the parents and students had gotten off, the bus left so quickly; it almost looked like teleportation. Making our way down the platforms, I kept eyeing the platform numbers. Once we got in between platforms nine and ten, dad pushed me towards the brick column and said, "Go on, you won't feel a thing." Telling myself, that the brick column only seems solid and I was not going to run smack into a wall. Deciding to make a run for it, I charged ahead, at the last moment I couldn't help but close my eyes. The next thing I knew, I was at platform 9 3/4, and the black and red Hogwarts express train were in front of me. Turning, I saw my parents come through the archway, each holding one of the twins, made their way through the platform wall. Students and their families filled the platform; most students looked eager to get on the train, while some of the parents were subtly wiping away tears, saying goodbye to their children. Hoping to avoid a scene with my parents, I hugged them goodbye Dad let go after a brief hug, but mom, held on, after a minute, I tried to pull away, but her arms were like vice grips, refusing to let me go. "Come on," dad consoled, "It's not like you won't see him again; he'll be home for Christmas." Reluctantly she let me go, and demanded, "I expect weekly letters from you." Sensing freedom, I quickly reassured her, "Don't worry so much mom, I'll write to you all the time, I promise. Besides, Christmas will be here before you know it." As soon as mom let me go, the twins nearly knocked me over in a ferocious hug. After several minutes more of reassuring them that I would be returning at Christmas, I made my way to the train. Before I got on, a voice called out to me, "Alex." Turning towards the sound of the voice, I saw Cedric's head sticking out the window of a train compartment, waving to me. "I'll be right there, save me a seat," I called out. By the time I made it onto the train, it was packed full of students, making my way to the compartment where Cedric was difficult. Finally, I arrived at the compartment and found Cedric and Anna sitting on opposite sides, next to Anna was another girl with dark skin with dark brown hair and deep brown eyes. Looking me up and down, she boldly challenged me, with a slight accent that sounded somewhat familiar, "Who are you." Slightly taken aback at her tone, Anna nudged her elbow and said, "That just Alex, Ced and I know him from way back." Looking at me, Anna flicked her long blond hair towards the girl next to her and continued, "This is Alicia Spinnet; she is originally from Egypt. Her family moved near to my house about a year ago." Seemingly satisfied with that Anna response, she nodded and gestured like she was permitting me to sit. Cedric made eye contact with me and shrugged seeming to imply, what are you going to do. Girls are somewhat crazy. After sitting down next to Cedric, I looked at Alicia and greeted her with an old traditional Arabic greeting, "Welcome, how are you." Her eyes brightened at my Arabic greeting, she responded. "Well, thank you, and how are you." "I'm doing good, excited about attending Hogwarts," I responded. She responded, "I am as well, I am so glad I found someone else who can speak my native tongue; while I speak good English, sometimes it's nice to speak to someone in my natural language." After a few minutes of small talk, I noticed Anna eyes narrowing and she snapped, "Don't you know it's rude to speak in front of other people who can't speak the same language." Raising my eyebrow at her outburst, I said, "If you want to understand what we're saying there is an easy remedy, all you have to do is ask, and I'll teach you." After a moment of trying to find an argument to my response, she gave in and said, "Fine, just until we learn, no speaking in a different language in front of us." I shot a grin towards Cedric because Anna had volunteered him to learn Arabic as well and said, "Don't you love it when you get volun-told to do something." Hearing my stamen Anna face went slightly pink Taking pity on her, Cedric responded, "No worries, besides, it will be nice to learn another language. How many languages are you up to now." "I'm up to four languages now, English, French, Arabic, and Spanish." Alicia raised her eyebrows impressed, while Cedric whistled, and Anna grumbled under her breath. Around thirty minutes later, the train started moving, and I said. "This is it; we're finally on our way to Hogwarts."
Around three hours into the trip, we were all getting a little bored. My dad had told me that the train normally takes around six hours or so to make it to Hogwarts. Doing a little mental calculation, considering the train was headed Northbound, that would put Hogwarts deep within Scotland. Suddenly, our cabin door was wrenched open, and two red-headed twins popped tumbled into our cabin. They both squeezed themselves onto the benches next to us, the one next to me blurted out. "If anyone asks, we were in here the whole time." The other sat next to Alicia and quickly closed the door. Seeing the red-headed twin's identical crafty smiles, I knew that these two could only be the Weasley twins Fred and George. The two biggest hell-raisers ever to go through Hogwarts. Before any further introductions could be made, a tall dark-haired teenage wizard with a green badge with a silver snake that said Prefect on it, appeared in the hallway. When he made it to our compartment, he opened the door, eyeing the twins suspiciously and asked, "How long have these two been here." Not wanting to throw Fred and George under the bus, I quickly responded. "They have been in here since the start of the trip, what's it to you." His eyes snapped to me, and retorted, "Someone thought it would be a good idea the toss a dungbomb into the prefect cabin. Someone saw two redheads running away from the scene." Finished speaking he glared suspiciously at the twin. The one next to me piped up with an innocent expression, "I don't know what to tell you mate as my buddy told you, George and I have been in here since the beginning." Chiming in as well, George added, "This feels like a set up to me, I mean, if I were going to do something like throwing a dungbomb in the prefect's cabin, I would have a disguise I wouldn't run around with red hair. Not to mention this is a train full of wizards and witches. How do you know that they didn't magically alter their appearance so they wouldn't get caught?" Slightly taken aback, the prefect narrowed his eyes and warned. "I'll be keeping an eye on you this year, if I so much as smell anything suspicious, you'll pay dearly." Slamming the door behind him, he moved on. As soon as he was out of earshot, both twins evilly grinned at one another. George winked at me and said, "Thanks mate, for backing up Fred and I back there." Before I could respond Fred interrupted, "You know George, I just had a terrible thought, I bet they would never expect that whoever dumped the dungbombs would double back and do it again while they were looking for the culprits." A gleam appeared in George's eye, and he puffed up and spoke out in a righteous tone, "Maybe we should go check it out, you know, to stop them, just in case whoever did it sneaks back to do it again. George reached up and slid open the door, and bolted from the room, with Fred right on his heels. The twins blew into our cabin like a storm of chaos, and they also blew out just as quickly, leaving silence in their wake. After a moment of stunned silence, Anna asked, "Who the bloody hell were those two, and did they do what I think they did." Grinning at Anna, I said, "I don't know, but I'm willing to bet that they are going to be making trouble all year long." The trip continued with the four of us discussing random subjects, by the end of the trip, Alicia seemed to fit in our small group like she had been around forever. Around four-thirty, we all slipped our Hogwarts robes on knowing that the trip was almost over. By five, the Hogwarts express slowed to a stop, and there was a mad rush to get off the train. As soon as we got off the train, I saw him standing in the distance casting a huge shadow, with a wide grin on his face as if he had the best job in the world. Reading stories about a half-giant doesn't prepare you for coming face to face with a half-giant. I couldn't get over how tall Hagrid was, the book had described him as twice as tall as an average man and three times as wide, and boy, did J.K Rowling nail that description. He must be around eleven and a half feet tall, but while the height was impressive, his width is what made him intimidating, his arms were thicker than my whole body. Most of the first years seeing Hagrid were intimidated by him, not knowing that he had a heart of gold hidden beneath his massive size. Cupping his hands to his mouth, he bellowed, "First years, leave your trucks over here and follow me." Assuming everyone would follow, he turned and began striding away. Seeing that no one else made a move, I was the first to follow with Cedric, Anna, and Alicia following close behind. He lead us a dock on a lake so big; we could barely see the other at all. By the dock were around ten small boats with another forty or so out in the water floating. Hagrid waved to the first years and boomed in a loud voice, "Alright first years, three or four to a boat, come on now." Luckily, being at the front of the pack of around a hundred and forty students, my friends and I were first to the boat. After we all piled in, the lantern hanging from the front began to glow lightly, and we slowly moved from the dock. Another boat in the water, moved by itself to take our boat's place. By the time everyone had been loaded up, the sun was beginning to set. The boat slowly began making their way through the water. Nervous whispering could be heard from the students nearby in other boats, as we crossed the lake. When about a third of the way there, Anna noticed that I was staring intently at the water and hissed at me, "What are you looking for, if you're not careful you'll fall in." Spotting the twins nearby a crafty thought appeared in my head, so I responded in a loud voice, "Supposedly there is a giant squid down there that is supposed to be friendly to students. I'm just trying to see if I can catch a glimpse. Besides, I have heard if students fall in the squid will save them." Two voices rang out next to our boat in response to my stamen. "Wicked." Looking up I saw the Fred and George, sitting in a boat with a black girl. They immediately began to rock the boat, trying to tip over. The girl warned, "Don't you dare." George wheedled, "Come on Angelina, it will be fun." Before she could retort, their boat flipped and dumped them all into the lake. After flipping them, the boat flipped back up. All three broke through the surface, Angelina sputtered, "Your both dead, your bodies simply haven't realized yet." Fred grinned and replied, "Don't be like that Angelina, besides it was getting kinda warm. In fact, you should be thanking us for helping you cool off." After hearing Fred's response, an outrage expression appeared on Angelina's face, but before she could respond. All three off them were lifted into the air by giant tentacles and sent gently back into their boat. Seeing the giant tentacles put them back into the boat satisfied my curiosity on whether the giant squid in the lake was friendly, and I didn't have to get wet to do it. It's rather nice to have people around who are willing to do crazy stunts like that, even if they didn't realize I planned for them to do that. Cedric nudged me and whispered, "I saw what you did there." Grinning at him, I quietly said, "I don't know what you mean, I didn't tell them to do it. They came to that decision all on their own." Cedric let out a small laugh. As we got closer, Hogwarts seemed to dominate the horizon; it was a massive seven-story castle that had towers reaching defiantly into the sky. The castle seemed to pulse with magic, and the students muttering began to die away. By the time we made it to shore, the sun had long gone down. There was a path from the lake to the castle illuminated by glowing balls of light that floated in the air. At the end of the path was a long flight of stone stairs leading to a pair of massive double doors. Halfway up, was a stern-looking witch, her pointed hat mast covered her graying hair that was pulled back into a bun. She started speaking in a slight Scottish accent, "Good evening, students. Welcome to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, I am Professor McGonagall, Head of the Department of Transfiguration and Deputy Headmistress of Hogwarts. In a moment, we will move into the great hall and begin the sorting ceremony, where you will be sorted into one of four houses that represent the founders of Hogwarts. They are Gryffindor, Slytherin, Ravenclaw, and Hufflepuff. All four houses have long and glorious histories, and I expect for all of you to try and add to the achievements of your house. Once you are sorted into your respective houses, you will be representing them during your time here at Hogwarts. Succeed and do well and you will earn your house points, mischief will cost your house points. At the end of the year the points are tallied and whoever has the most wins the house cup. For those who end up in Gryffindor, I will be expecting the best behavior out of you, as I am the head of Gryffindor and I do not like to be embarrassed. All of that aside, don't worry about your belongings; they will be delivered to your dorms before you get there." Turning around, she began marching up the steps her robes billowing behind her; all my fellow first years seemed to pick up on that this was not a witch to take lightly. I had even half-hardheartedly expected a crack from George or Fred, but they seemed to grasp that they needed to fly under the radar around Professor McGonagall. At the top of the steps were massive double doors that opened as soon as Professor McGonagall reached them. "Come along now," she said. Making our way into Hogwarts, we came upon another set of doors when she opened them, a great hall stood before us. Four long rows filled with witches and wizards wearing pointy hats, On the far end of the hall, was a long table full of older witches and wizards, and at the center was a tall wizard with an enormous beard with an equally as tall pointed hat and wearing half-moon glasses. Seeing his appearance, I concluded that he was definitely Albus Dumbledore. Scanning the table, I saw other teachers that I recognized from the books, such as Professor Flitwick and Professor Snape. When I saw him, I couldn't help but think back to the final of the sixth book, when he killed Dumbledore. It's still hard to believe what he did; I had always thought he was going to be a tragic hero-type character rather than a traitor. Maybe if I can make enough changes, things will go differently this time around. Cedric nudged me from my thoughts, as students had begun to make their way forward before the great table was a small wooden stool that had an old worn hat with several patches on it. Once we got the front, the hat burst out. "Over a thousand year ago, when I was newly made. I saw the rise of this hallowed place, where the four greatest wizards and witches began to enchant this space. Each took students to call their own. Crafty Slytherin took only those of purest blood, whose cunning matched his own. Brave Gryffindor, demanded his students be stout of heart. Wise Ravenclaw choose only the most intelligent to fill her house. And Good Huffpuff had no reservation on who she taught, and she passed on her dedication to her craft. To ensure the tradition continued, I was made to learn your minds, to best put you where you belong. Now don't be afraid, let me look inside to be what your mind is made of." Seeing that the hat was done, Professor McGonagall turned around and pulled out a scroll. After unrolling it, she called out. "Angelina Johnson." At once, all eyes were upon her as she made her way to the sorting hat. "Gryffindor," it shouted a few moments after being put upon her head. As she stood up and went to the Gryffindor table, the students at the Gryffindor table clapped. Professor McGonagall continued to call out different names. A couple I recognized from the books, Such as Marcus Flint who was sorted into Slytherin and Roger Davies who went to Ravenclaw. But most were unknown to me. There seemed to be no pattern I could discern about how the students were sorted. Sometime a house would be called several times in a row and at other time it seems to skip a particular house for awhile. All of a sudden, McGonagall called out "Cedric Diggory." Cedric gave me a nervous grin, and he headed up to the stool after the hat was placed on his head. The sorting hat declared loudly, "Hufflepuff." Seeing Cedric sorted into Hufflepuff was not a huge surprise to me, after all that where he was in the books. A few names later, McGonagall called out, "Alicia Spinnet." As she went up to the stool, I mused to myself that she should be sorted into Gryffindor. According to the books, she was on the Gryffindor quidditch team with Harry Potter. After a few moments, the hat rang out "Gryffindor." "Anna Lancaster" Mcgonagall called out next. With a nervous gulp, Anna went to the stool and sat down, as the sorting hat was placed on her blond hair. It shouted, "Slytherin." Her purple eyes sought mine, I gave her a half-smile, indicating I didn't care what house she belonged to. Although I had my suspicions about why she ended up in Slytherin, overall it didn't matter to me, after all, my uncle was in Slytherin and he was awesome. The ceremony continued, and in a truly dramatic fashion, I was the final student to be sorted. "Alexander Fawley" Moving up to the stool, I sat down, and when McGonagall place the sorting hat on my head, I could hear the hat mutter, "Hmm, interesting, interesting, you have a lot of quality that makes you ideal for all of the houses. A pureblood who is extremely cunning, yes, you would do well in Slytherin." Determined not to influence the test at all, I indicated in my thoughts that I was content with whatever house it put me in. The hat continued "Ah, but there is more to you than cunning and guile, you have a great amount of daring and bravery as well, maybe you should go to Gryffindor. Let us go deeper into your mind. Ah, I see you value your family and friends greatly, and you're a hard worker, those traits normally serve Huffpuff greatly." The sorting hat went on, "Ah, but at your core, I sense a ruthless intelligence, determined to learn and master magic in all its forms. To help you along your path to power, I know where to put you." "RAVENCLAW.," the hat shouted. ... Author' note Several people have commented or been confused by the idea that Cedric and the Twins are in the same year. According to the info by JK Rowling, they all started in the year 1989, The main reason seem to get confused is because Cedric could participate in the tournament and the twins couldn't. This is because of when their birthdays were. Shortly after starting his 6th year Cedric turned 17 which allowed him to participate in the Triwizard tournament. If you remember from the books the twins oy missed the cut off by a few months which is why they only needed a few drops of a aging potion. If you need more convincing think back to when you were in school sometime there were kids who were a year younger or older than you, it all depends on when your birthday is. Sorry for the rant, I hope everyone enjoyed the chapter.
The students at the Ravenclaw table politely clapped when the hat sorted me into their house — getting up from the stool; I made my way over to the end of the Ravenclaw table, where all the other first years were sitting. With the sorting ceremony concluded, Dumbledore got up and went to the podium with a pleased look on his face. Looking out over the students, he beamed and said, "Now that the first years have been sorted, I could go into a long welcoming speech, but I am sure everyone else would much rather get to the feast. On that note, let the feast begin." All the student cheered as he sat down, and massive amounts of food appeared on the table. Looking down the table, the older students immediately began tearing into the food; it seemed like it was every student for themselves. The first years took their cues from the older students and began eating as well. After filling my plate and eating, I couldn't help but admire the ceiling that had been enchanted to show the outside sky. Even though it was dark out, and moon and stars were visible; the floating candles along with the torches on the walls made sure the hall was lit up. Next, to me, a dark hair kid introduced himself, "Roger Davies." "Alexander Fawley," I responded. Seeing how we were introducing ourselves to one another, most of the first years at our table did the same. By the time the feast was over, I had eaten so much food, that I was sure if I took another bite, my stomach would burst. When everyone was finished with the feast, Dumbledore stood back up, and the talking in the hall died away. After clearing his throat, he said, "Now that our bellies are full, its time to speak on a few matters. First of all, Mr. Flitch has asked me to remind you once again, that magic in the halls is not allowed." His voice trailed off, with his eyes twinkling mischievously. He went on, "Also, in the 2nd week of term, your house quidditch teams will have a tryout. There will be a sign-up form in your common rooms, alas they are restricted to second years and above. Next, it seems like I have to remind the students every year that the forbidden forest is off-limits to students, as there are creatures that dwell deep within some of which are dangerous. Now, I am sure you have heard me ramble on long enough, Time to tuck in, goodnight." When he finished, there was a flurry of movement throughout the hall, as all the students making a mad dash off to their dorms hoping to avoid the stampede of other students. I heard a female voice call out "Ravenclaw, first years this way." Turning toward the voice, I saw a raven-haired witch with a Ravenclaw Prefect badge on her robes, next to her was a thin brown-haired wizard with thick glasses, that looked like they were about to fall off his face. As we all shuffled towards them, they turned and began leading us away. As we began to make our way through Hogwarts, the girl spoke up again, "My name is Lisa Bailey, and this is Scott Miller, we are Ravenclaw's 5th-year Prefects. Each house has a total of six prefects, and if you have any questions, you can seek us out for help, be aware, every prefect can give punishments out for misbehavior so what your step throughout the year." Eventually, we came to an open area that was full of moving staircases, Scott chimed in, "This is the grand staircase, as you can see, the stairs move and constantly change. It may take some time for everyone to get used to how they randomly move around. Sometimes you will be headed to a particular floor, and then staircase will shift and end up leading you to another floor." "Oh, and just so you know, some of the stairs are traps," Lisa said as she grinned and hopped over a particular stair. Lisa and Scott lead us to the fifth floor, where we came to a large door with a bronze eagle knocker attached to the middle. Turning to look at us, Lisa said, "Other houses have passwords to get into their rooms, but we do things a little different in our house. Our intellect is what most commonly defines Ravenclaw witches and wizard, and this knocker was designed to test our worthiness. Give the right answer, and you will be let in, fail, and you will be denied entrance until one of your classmates takes pity on you. " She fell silent with a sneer on her face, letting us know that she did not think highly of those who failed the challenge and needed assistance getting into the tower. When she finished, Scott reached out and knocked. A soft musical voice questioned, "What requires food to live, yet will die when given water." Scott turned and challenged with a slight mocking look on his face, "Anyone feels brave enough to give it a go." Seeing the apprehensive expression on everyone's faces, as nobody wanted to fail and be embarrassed in front of everyone. I boldly spoke up, "I'll give it a shot." Scott stepped aside and motioned me forward with a flourish. Furiously thinking about the riddle for a moment, the answer came to me. A smug grin tugged its way out, and I called out, "Fire." "Well done," the voice chimed, and I shot a triumphant look towards Roger Davies. The door swung open, letting us into the Ravenclaw tower. As soon as we went inside, we came to a large circular room that had several archways that led to other open rooms. I was a little surprised about how large the common room area was; the books always implied that the common area was small and cozy. But, this area looked like the entire house of Ravenclaw could be in the common area and not be packed in like a can of sardines. On the far side of the room, was a set of twin staircases, in between them was a statue of a witch with a wise look upon her face. Lisa saw my gaze and spoke up, "The stairs lead to the girls and boy dorms, girls on the left, boys on the right. We all made our way into the common area and began to look around; I saw that one of the archways lead to a room that had several large shelves full of books on the walls. Along one of the walls etched into the stone were Ravenclaw student names separated by year. I noticed the column representing 5th-year students had Lisa in first place with Scott in second, next to there name was a P mostly likely representing Prefect. I even found my name up there in the 7th column, but unlike the other columns, there were no numbers next to anyone's name in our year. Speaking up, I asked, "Why are all of the names of Ravenclaw students up there?" Scott came over and said, "First years listen up, this wall of the name represents your standing in the house. While other houses, don't pay attention to your grade, in our house, your grades determine how you are ranked. The best students, get more perks in our house, such as nicer dorm rooms, while those at the bottom, will be housed in shabbier dorms. Your first year is somewhat of a pass, your grades will constantly changing throughout the year, but the only thing that matter is your overall grades at the end of the year. What you achieve this year will determine your standing and benefits in Ravenclaw the following year." Scott's words made some first years appeared worried, but others grinned at the thought of competing for better benefits. Lisa came over and interrupted, "All right, it's past 9 and curfew is at 10, and no one is allowed to leave until 6 in the morning if you're caught out, you will be punished, so let's get everyone to their dorms. By the way, before leaving for breakfast in the morning, your class schedule will be down here in the morning." At her words, I headed to the right staircase, Scott called out, "There are seven floors in the dormitories, First years are at the top, with the seventh years at the bottom." A few boys groaned hearing they would be climbing to the top of Ravenclaw tower ever day. Hearing the grumbling, Scott laughed. Making it to the top of the dorms, I found a large circular room that had eight doors. Seeing my name along with three others, I headed towards the door, I found a large room, with four beds inside. Athena was sitting on one of the beds, as soon I came in she launched herself at me. After I caught her, she climbed her way up to perch on my shoulder. Seeing my trunk on the bed that she was on, I decided to unpack my things. Each bed had a large dresser next to it along with matching end tables to hold belongings. Before I could start, three other boys walked in, wanting to introduce myself, I called out, "I'm Alex Fawley," The kid with dark brown hair on the right called out in a thick Scottish accent, "William Moore, nice to meet everyone." I had already met the dark-haired kid in the middle, but he still greeted, "Roger Davies." On the other of Davis was a slightly wide-eyed red-head who called out in an Irish accent, "Ryan O'Conner." After we had all introduced ourselves to one another, I returned to unpack, when Ryan asked, "Is it always like this." "What," I questioned. Waving his arms around to indicate everything, he said, "You know, everything is so nuts. I mean, the painting talk, the staircases move, there are even ghost running around. It's like all the rules I've learned about the world are wrong. Like for instance, the tower from the outside shouldn't have this much space on the inside. It's like magic constantly breaks the laws of physics." Hearing his rant, it clicked, "Ah, you must be muggle-born." Seeing him nod his head, affirming that he grew up in the nonmagical world. So I told him, "You'll need to put aside everything you have learned about the world. There is so much more to the world than meets the eye. Magic allows us to bend and break the natural rules. However, magic does have rules of its own that it follows." Seeing that all the magic didn't fluster me, he asked, "Are your parents magical." Nodding, I said, "Yes, my whole family is magical. My mom is a master potioneer, and my dad runs an enchantment shop in Diagon Alley." Roger snapped his finger and said, "I knew your last name sounded familiar; your dad must run Fawley's Wondrous Enchantment doesn't he." A proud look emerged on my head, and I confirmed, "Yup, that's dad's shop." Roger replied, "That's awesome, I got my trunk from there. There were a ton of interesting items in the shop, does he do all the enchantments himself." "The charm-work yes, but I know he has a few employees to help run the store, so he can spend most of his time enchanting and coming up with new ideas." "What about your guy's parents," I asked curiously. Roger replied, "My dad, works for the ministry of magic as a full-time Obliviator, my moms a muggle who used to work as a nurse, but she quit a few years ago, the hours were terrible." Confused about what an Obliviator was, Ryan asked, "What in the bloody hell is an Obliviator, it sounds like he blows stuff up for a living." Roger barked out a laugh and said, "Nothing so exciting, whenever, a muggle sees something magical and need to have their memory modified, Obliviators show up to modify their memory." A stunned look appeared on Ryan's face, and he stammered out, "Magic can mess with people memories." Roger nodding seriously, replied, "Yes, but it's necessary, A lot of muggles don't react well when they discover that magic exists. Sometimes they end up believing that magic is evil. Muggles are funny like that; I think it has to do with some god they worship. Also, many don't react well to having their view of the world turned upside down; sometimes, they end up getting locked up in a muggle loony bin when they start ranting and raving about magic. Obliviators make sure that they forget so muggles can go on with their lives peacefully." "Hmm, my parents are fascinated by the concept of magic." Ryan defended. "But then again, they aren't religious, and they have always maintained that there is always sometime more to learn about the universe." Curious, I asked, "What do your parents do for a living." "Mom runs one of the biggest libraries in Ireland, and dad is a history professor at a college," Ryan replied. Seeing how everyone had introduced their parents except for Willam, we all looked at him to say something. With a sigh, he responded, "I live with my mom; she runs an enormous greenhouse and sells potion materials from the plants she manages." "That's cool," I responded, "my mom, has a small greenhouse that is terrifying to go into." Ryan asked, confused, "What's so scary about plants?" Willam and I looked at each other and started laughing. "Remember when I said your gonna have to forget muggle rules, well rule 1 magic makes everything more dangerous, In our world plants are very much alive and dangerous, the plants have to be handled very carefully. Otherwise, you could end up hurt or even killed." A sobering look appeared on Ryan's face as he digested the fact that magic plant could eat, or even kill him. "What about your dad," Roger asked. A sad look appeared on Willams's face, "he was a hit wizard who died in the war against he-who-must-not-be-named." Not knowing what to say, I said, "I'm sorry, my grandfather was killed, by him as well." Willam met my eyes for a moment, nodded then turned and left saying he needed to get some fresh air As soon as he left, Ryan started firing off questions, "What is a hit wizard? What war? Who can't be named." Roger looked at me and shrugged not knowing where to begin, So I said, "So a hit wizard is a wizard who serves the Ministry of Magic as part of the Magical Law Enforcement, they normally work in small squads, and sometimes they are used as backups for Aurors if they need assistance." Before Ryan could ask what Aurors were, I continued, "Aurors are dark wizards catchers, You can think of hit wizards almost like normal police officers that handle day to day enforcement of the law, whereas Aurors are more like military special forces, they don't bother with petty crap, they handle more serious threats. Often they work alone, tracking and hunting down dark wizards. They are highly trained and efficient and not to be taken lightly." I went on, "Now make sure your sensitive when asking about the war. I'd wager well over half of the kids at Hogwarts has either had a family member killed or knows someone who was. It was really bad; an extremely powerful wizard gathered a large number of followers he called death eaters. Their goal was to seize power in the wizarding world and conquer the muggle population and rule in the open. The reason why most won't say his name has become a rather taboo word in our culture." Pausing for dramatic effect, I whispered: "His name was Lord Voldemort." Roger slightly flinched when I said his name, Ryan looked puzzled, and asked: "Why is everyone afraid of saying his name." "I asked my uncle that once, and he told me, that in the war since no one knew the identities of his followers, nor who they had magically enslaved. People didn't know who they could trust; if someone would speak negatively about Lord Voldemort, it seemed like it wouldn't be too long before death eater attacked their home. Eventually, people began to realize that anyone openly discussing Lord Voldemort was attacked, so many stopped saying his name, hoping that they wouldn't draw his or his followers attention. Eventually, it became a taboo word in our society." While Ryan was digesting everything I said, Roger hissed, "Stop saying the name." Before I could, respond, William walked back into the room, and the conversation seemed to fade away. I spent the next hour unpacking, and when I was finished, I decided that I was done for the night and went to sleep, eagerly wondering what my first class was going to be.
Athena woke me up early in the morning by deciding that my face looked like a comfortable place to sleep. As I pushed her off to the side, she shot me a look of discontent and burrowed under my blanket. Hopping out of bed, I saw the sun peek beyond the clouds through our window. As I got dressed, the other boys in our dorm began to stir and wake up. When we got down to the common room, Scott the 5th year Prefect, was downstairs, with a stack of parchment, that had our schedule for the year laid out on it. On Monday, we had Charms 8:30-11:30, History of Magic 1-2 and Transfiguration 2:30-5:30. Tuesday was just as packed with Potions at 8:30-11:30, Astrology 1-2, Herbology 2:30-5:30. On Wednesday, Defense against the Dark Arts begins at 8:30-11:30, Flying Lessons 1-2, Charms 2:30-5:30 and late at night Astrology 11 pm-1 am. Thursday gave us a late start with Transfiguration starting at 9:30-12, History of Magic 1-2, Herbology 2:30-5:30. Finally on Friday, Defense Against the Dark Arts starts at 8:30-11:30, Flying lessons 1-2, and Potions 2:30-5:30 Seeing how packed our schedule was, Ryan groaned, "Holy crap, why do classes go all the way to 5." Seeing how busy our schedule was, I asked Scott, "If I understand everything correctly, in our third year we have to pick at least 2 more elective classes. How will we be able to do that if are current classes fill the entire day up." Scott rolled his eyes and said, "In your first two years at Hogwarts, you have to learn a lot of theory about your class subjects, once your magical knowledge foundation is more robust you will spend less time in your classes. By your third year, you will have a basic understanding of your subjects and the teachers will spend less time lecturing you and more time doing practical magic which doesn't take as much time. That will let you pick up additional classes in your third year." Seeing that we all understood, Scott made a shooing motion and said, "Now head down to breakfast, with your bags that have your spell books for your classes for the day. Trust me when I say you don't want to be late on your first day." By the time we made it to breakfast, the great hall was half-filled, it seemed that outside of special feast, meals were much more casual, with students coming and going when they were finished. As we sat down for breakfast, a few owls started flying in to deliver mail. Considering it was only the second day of term, most of the letters were for the first years. I looked up warily, fully expecting a letter considering it was my birthday, and my mom was prone to passionate acts A barnyard owl swooped down and dropped a letter off; the letter had my name on it, and it indicated it was from dad. Opening the letter, I saw it only contained two words scribbled on the letter, "I'm sorry." After reading the words, a sinking feeling welled up inside of my gut. Seeing another owl head in my direction, I prayed that mom didn't send anything too embarrassing. When the snowy white owl dropped off the letter it had, ad the letter fell on the table, steam began rising off of the letter. A groan escaped me when I realized what mom had sent before I could make another move; the letter activated. The letter began rising into the air, and it began loudly blaring a loud trumpet sound, that sounded suspiciously like a victory tune. When the tune faded away, the letter began loudly singing my mother voice with her French accent, "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear Alex, happy birthday to you." I could feel my blood rush to my face in embarrassment; students all around the hall began snickering and mocking me. Seeing the letter go silent, I prayed that it was over. However, my mom's voice rang out again. "Happy Birthday Alex, I already miss you so much. I can't believe that my baby is 12 already. I love you so much, have a good time at school. Try to make lots of friends and do well in classes and remember mommy loves you." When her voice died down, and the letter burst into colorful flames and sparks. Feeling everyone's eye upon me, I shrank in embarrassment. Next to me, Roger, cracker up, "Man, I can't believe your mom did that, is she trying to embarrass you." I defended mom weakly, "That's just who she is; she is really passionate about things like this." Ryan had an entirely different reaction," That's so cool, talking letters, it's almost like voice mail message." A puzzled look appeared on William's face, and he asked, "What is a voice mail." While Ryan started trying to explain what voice mail was to William. My thoughts drifted to our first class. After we had finished breakfast, we all headed out to the third floor. When we got to the third floor, we started looking for the correct classroom. Unfortunately, it was slow going as there were multiple corridors located on each floor. An older student passed by, and I called out, "Do you know where charms are taught." Without slowing down, the student called out, "Your in the wrong hallway, the charms corridor, is the next one over, you should easily find the class once your there." When we made it to the next corridor, I saw Anna start to enter a classroom with a fellow Slytherin witch. "Wait up, Anna," I called out. Turning and seeing me, she smiled and waited, the girl next to her saw me, laughed and said in a slightly mocking tone, "Well look who it is, it's the birthday boy." Shrugging it off, I rolled my eyes and said, "My mom's just like that, she doesn't even understand that doing that would be embarrassing. I think some parents are like that; they do things they consider nice, but mortify their kids." Changing the subject, I asked, "What your schedule like." Anna pulled out her schedule, and we discovered that we had Charms, Potions, and Defense against the Dark Arts together. As more time went on the class filled up with everyone from Ravenclaw and Slytherin, at 8:30 on the dot, Professor Flitwick walked in, and the students murmuring quieted down. The first thing anyone noticed about Professor Flitwick was his short height; he stood at about three and a half feet tall. If I remember correctly from the books, this was due to him being a part goblin. However, if anyone ever underestimated Professor Flitwick, they stopped when he famously won the International Dueling Champion three times in a row. His hairline was receding, leaving the top of his head bald, while his hair on the side was grey and his beard hid the lower part of his face. Next to his desk, were stacks of old books, which he climbed like a set of stairs until he stood on his long rectangular desk. "Good morning first years." He squeaked out in a high pitched voice. "I am Professor Flitwick, the head of charms, and the head of Ravenclaw as well. I will be teaching you charms during your time here at Hogwarts; I want everyone to know my door is always open if you have questions or need help with anything." Professor Flitwick spoke with such enthusiasm as if it was his greatest wish to be able to help students learn. As he started teaching class, he moved and bounced around full of energy, if it were for his appearance, I would have thought he was an excited child. "Now, before we begin, I want to speak on the nature of what charms is all about. Let's start with a basic overview of what charms are. The easiest way to explain charms is to think of charms as adding magic effects to things. Most are temporary effects; however, when you are older, you will learn how to cast long-lasting charm spells. You will find that charms are the most versatile subject to study in magic, and there are countless charm spells, and many variations to charms spell that you will discover how to use. One of the most important aspects of charms is wand movement and incantation. If you mess those up, there can be random consequences, best case scenario is nothing happens at all, other times you may produce random magical effects some benign, others less so. So, while there is room for personal creatively when working on charm spells, it is important to remain focused your mind on what you are casting and not mess up the wand movement or incantation." Professor Flitwick continued to speak to us about charm work, with the whole class furiously taking notes. When there was only less than an hour left until the class was over, Professor Flitwick eyes twinkled and said, "Alright enough talk, I'm sure everyone here wants to get down to it and cast some spells." He pulled out his ivory-colored wand that looked like my aspen wand and said, "This first spell we are going to learn is the levitation spell. So first, the incantation is Wingardium Leviosa, and while you say the spell, you give your wand a little swish and flick. Just like so, Wingardium Leviosa". A book rose off of his desk, and it zoomed around the room floating off the ground, with a flick of his wand. As soon as I heard what spell we were going to work on, a smile slipped out. I had been casting that spell all summer. I shot Anna and Roger a confident look, while Professor Flitwick was passing out white feathers, he said, "When I am finished handing out these feathers, I want you to attempt to make them float in the air." After he had finished, everyone pulled out their wands, and there was a flurry of wand movement and murmuring as everyone said the incantation. Looking at my feather, I gave my wand a swish and flicked and chanted "Wingardium Leviosa." Instantly my white feather rose around four feet off the ground, looking around I didn't see anyone else with a feather in the air. Professor Flitwick bounced over excitedly, "Excellent work Mr. Fawley, 5 points to Ravenclaw for being quickest out of the gate. Try to maneuver the feather around; it's easy to get things to rise into the air, making it move around is more difficult." Hearing his instruction, I flicked my wand, and the feather shot across the room zooming over Professor Flitwick head. He laughed and said, "A little more gently Mr. Fawley, no need to overdue it simple nice movements." Nodding, I slowly brought it back under control, after seeing I had got the basics, Professor Flitwick moved on to assist other students. About ten minutes and many attempts, Anna was able to get her feather to rise into the air, while it hung shakily in the air she shot me a triumphant look. Sitting next to us was Roger, whose face was turning red in frustration, he glared at the feather-like it had personally insulted him. By the end of the class, only around a third of the students had gotten their feather to float. As we were packing up to leave, Professor Flitwick called out, "Your homework is to write 6 inches on the history of the Levitation charm and to practices the spell. Hopefully, by the next class, more of you will be able to make it work." The day passed by quickly, and soon it was time to meet on the second floor for History of Magic. When I filed in, I saw Alicia with her some of her fellow Gryffindors inside already. I grabbed a seat next to her. Soon the class was started and our teacher, Professor Binns floated in and began roll call. Overall the class wasn't so bad, while Harry and Ron always found the subject rather boring. I found it fascinating. I mean, who doesn't like learning about ancient wizard civilization. Our history is full of fascinating wars, even some magical disasters. Although I have to admit, Professor Binns does speak in a monotone voice that makes even the most fascinating subjects seem rather boring. After class, it seemed like both Ravenclaw and Gryffindors had Transfiguration together as well. Even though there was a thirty-minute window in between the classes, I headed down to the first floor where the Transfiguration classroom was, so that there was no chance of me being late. Being one of the first students in the class, I walked into the empty classroom, on Professor McGonagall's desk was a green and black cat watching me intently. Grabbing a seat in the front row as I have been looking forward to this class and didn't want to miss anything. Knowing that the cat was Professor McGonagall, I was looking forward to seeing her transform. As my fellow students trickled in, the cat watched the clock tick down like a hawk. The Weasley twins barely made in on time, just passing the through the door when the clock hit 2:30. After everyone took their seats, students began whispering to each other, seeing how there was no teacher present. Alicia leaned over to whisper something, but I said: "Shh, you don't want to miss this." On cue, the cat leaped off the desk and transformed into Professor McGonagall; it was strange to see. Her transformation involved a lot of twisting and whirling; it happened so fast I couldn't see the transformation. One second she was a cat, the next after a blur of movement, she stood before a dumbstruck audience. Seeing how amazing and fluid the transformation was, I swore right then and there that no matter how long it took, I would become an animagus before I graduated. I don't know why Europeans seem to have such a big issue with animagus; it's crazy that only seven people have legally become animagus in the past century. Aunt Nefret told me that at Uagadou, the magic school she attended, over 80 percent of their student become Animagus by the age of 14. Her animagus form is a tiger shark, which is very useful, considering they live on a ship. Professor McGonagall's voice shook me from my thoughts. "Transfiguration is one of the most difficult and demanding aspects of magic you will be learning; it is very different from charms, where there is room for creativity. Transfiguration is much more exact branch of magic; there isn't room for personal creativity when it comes to transfiguration; any deviation can have drastic and dangerous consequence. If done incorrectly, whatever your transfiguring may get permanently stuck halfway between forms, on that note, any tomfoolery or mischief, in this class will see you banned, and you will not be returning to class." As she issued her threat sternly, she made eye contact with the Weasley twins as if she could sense they would be trouble. Seeing that her point was understood, she went on, "The art of transfiguration, is that of change, I will teach you to alter the form of an object, by transforming it into a different form." To illustrate her point, she waved her wand at her desk, and it became a pig. Seeing that she had everyone's full attention, she smiled and said, "There are four main branches in transfiguration, the first is transfiguration, which we have already discussed, next is untransfiguration, which like it sound returns object to their original form." Once again, to illustrate her point, she waved her wand at the pig, and it transformed back into a desk. She continued, "The final two are Vanishment, which is extremely advanced and won't be studied until your fifth year, and Conjuration which is learned in your sixth and seventh should you achieve the required grade." Professor McGonagall continued her lecturing on the subject for an hour before giving each person a match. "We will be starting small before you is a match, the goal of this transfiguration spell, is to turn it transfigure it into a silver needle," She said. I was slightly intimidated, looking down at the match. If I remembered correctly, Hermione was only was able to turn her match silver and slightly pointy, which demonstrates just how difficult this was going to be. Firmly concentrating on the spell, I grabbed my wand and pointed it towards the match and chanted, "Aculeus." Unfortunately nothing happened, as time went on no one was successful. With only 20 minutes remaining, I glared at the match like I had met my mortal enemy, "You will transform, or I will see you burned." I threatened the match. Closing my eyes, I tried to relax and focus, after easily learning some charms and hexes I had assumed that transfiguration wouldn't be difficult. But to be honest, I was a little happy, after all, learning magic without effort, takes some of the meaning away. Having to struggle to succeed makes you feel better when you do succeed. After taking a few breaths and calming down, I brought my full attention to the match, and I deeply concentrated, seeing the match turn into a needle in my mind. I pointed my wand at the match and chanted "Aculeus." The match simmered and transformed fluidly into a silver needle; I let out a breath, I didn't know I was holding and wiped the sweat off my brow. I looked about the room and saw everyone trying to transform their match. Next to me, Alicia and Roger both struggled to get their match to transform. A stern voice rang out from behind me, "Mr. Fawley, shouldn't you be working on your match, rather than watch your neighbors work." Turning, I found Professor McGonagall standing behind me with a stern expression on her face. Before she could continue, I realized she couldn't see my needle beneath my hand, so I moved my hand quickly. "I'm done, I was able to do it." Her eyebrows rose for a moment in shock, upon seeing the needle, after a moment, a small smile emerged on her face. "Well done." She congratulated me. "It's rare to see someone succeed on their first day, five points to Ravenclaw for a job well done." By the time class was over no one else had succeeded as well as I had, I noticed a raven-haired girl in our house giving a glare as if I had wronged her in some way. After searching my memory for her name, I realized her name was Jessica Brooks. I was puzzled at her resentful stare; I don't believe I had said two words to her. Before letting us go for the day, Professor McGonagall gave us a ton of homework on the subject. She left us a final warning, "While other classes may encourage you to try spells outside of class, transfiguration spells outside of the class are prohibited until your third year." As everyone shambled out of the class, I stayed behind, wanting to satisfy my curiosity. When the last student had left, I eagerly asked Professor McGonagall, "Can you teach me how to become an animagus." She didn't look surprised by my question. "There is always one or two who end up asking me about becoming an animagus. To answer your question, yes I can, but not until you are older and have a much better grasp on transfiguration magic. Terrible things have happened to those who were unprepared. I didn't learn how until my sixth year at Hogwarts. So until then, I will not teach you anything about animagus." Nodding my understanding, I left slightly crestfallen, I knew from my aunt that is was possible to become an animagus by the age of 14. Thinking for a moment, I decided I wanted more information on animagus. I knew that their was an easier way to get the information than digging around in the library for the information on animagus, it was time for me to visit the famous Room of Requirement on the seventh floor.
Exiting the class, I made my way through the first floor when out of the corner of my eye, I noticed a familiar-looking cabinet next to a suit of armor. It looked just like the vanishing cabinets, that connects my house to my uncle's boat. Running my fingers over the dark wood, I mused to myself, if this is the cabinet that connects, to Borgin and Burkes's shop. It still should be working properly; if I remember correctly, it didn't break until Peeves smashed it in the second book. If I can move to the cabinet to a safe place without anyone noticing me, I can close the door on how the Draco had the death eaters penetrate Hogwarts. Additionally, if I buy the one at Borgin and Burkes, and put it in my tower, I will have a secret passage in and out of Hogwarts. Seeing that students were milling around and that I wouldn't be able to move the cabinet without anyone noticing me, I decided that I would make my move later when there would be fewer people who could notice me. I wolfed my dinner down quickly and left the great hall intent on finding the Room of requirement. After reaching the seventh floor, I looked for the tapestry of Barnabus the Barmy \, knowing that across from it was the entrance. I found the correct tapestry in the third corridor I tried, across from the tapestry, was an empty stone wall. Walking back and for the three times, furiously thinking, I need a safe place where no one can disturb me, to study books on how to become an animagus. A small wooden door appeared, opening the door, led me to a small circular room with a small round table with a small stack of books on top of it. Next to the table was an uncomfortable-looking hardback chair, wanting to test further the room's magic, I thought, I really could use a more comfortable chair. Right as the thought entered my head, I saw a red plushly looking chair on the other side of the table. Oh, this is such a broken piece of magic, I thought to myself. Decided that I would continue my experiments later, I sat down and grabbed the first book available. The age of the book could be felt as I ran my fingers across the cracks in the leather spine. Seeing that the book was titled History of the Animagus, I opened it hoping that there would be valuable information inside. The book started with the origins of the spell; it stated, The origin of the animagus spell dates back to ancient Greece. The first recorded animagus was a wizard by the name of Falco Aesalon, who turned into a falcon. While it is possible that he did not invent the spell himself, most have credited Falco with inventing the animagus spell. Since then, the spell has filtered throughout the world and is used by many wizards worldwide. However, in Europe, there is a persistent belief that wizards who become animagus do so for nefarious reasons. That, combined with the difficulty, and danger, has led the spell not being frequently used in Europe. Continuing on I read, The most recent discovery in the field of Animagus transformation has to do with another charm called the Patronus charm. Difficult to cast, when cast correctly it produces a glowing white spirit in the form of an animal. Several wizards who have become animagus, have come forward showing that the form of the Patronus is the same as their animal form. Some wizards often try to discover what form their animagus would take, before attempting to become animagus. The book went on, The types of animals that wizards may turn into are many, it is even possible for a wizard to assume the shape of a magical creature, although this is a rare occurrence, as it normally only happens to the most powerful of wizards. Should you meet such a wizard, you would be wise not to anger him. By the time I had finished with the book, I had learned all sort of interesting facts about the history of the animagus spell. But little about the process of actually becoming an animagus. Looking through the remaining books, I found one called A Guide to become Animagus. Opening the book, I located the spell towards the beginning of the book, 'The process of becoming an animagus is long and difficult. It begins with the mandrake leaf; one must place the mandrake leaf within the mouth for an entire month. Should it leave your mouth for even a moment, you will have to start all over again. Once that has been accomplished, they must keep the leaf in their mouth until the night of the next full moon. Should the moon be hidden behind clouds, the process has to start all over again from the beginning. Should the moon's rays of light be unobstructed, the next step is to create a potion using the spit-soaked mandrake leaf, one of their hairs, a silver teaspoon of dew that hasn't seen sunlight for seven days or been touched by human feet for seven days. Finally, the chrysalis of a Death's-head Hawk Moth must be included as well. After successful brewing the potion, it must not be touched by the rays of the sun, or it will be ruined. The next step is, to wait for a lighting storm to be overhead, for however long it takes to be it months or years, at every sunrise and sunset, you must place the tip of your wand at your heart and chant the spell Amato Animo Animato Animagus at every sunrise and sunset. When a lightning storm is overhead, take the potion to a secure area, point your wand at your heart one final time and recite the incantation and drink the potion which will have turned blood red in the storm. You will feel agonizing pain; then a second heartbeat will beat within your chest, afterward, an animal will come to your mind, and you will transform. A word of warning the first transformation will be extremely uncomfortable, but this is normal. Should anything go wrong with the process, the consequences are irreversible. Many a wizard has overestimated their skill and tried to become an animagus only to become stuck halfway in-between forms, neither man or beast but some unholy mixture of the two. Even worse, their minds become deranged, often they end up killing themselves or others in a fit of rage. The book showed pictures of wizards who had messed up the spell; one wizard was shown to be screaming in agony as half of his body was twisted into something unrecognizable. After reading and seeing all the pictures about all the ways the spell could go wrong, I finally understood why Professor McGonagall said I would have to wait until I am older and had a better grasp on transfiguration. There would be no do-overs or second chances if I messed this spell up. Shaking my head at just how crazy James, Sirius and even Peter were, for becoming animagus without any guidance at all. Seeing how I had been in here for over an hour, I decided to head out so that I could make it back to my room well before curfew. By the time I made it back to the Ravenclaw common room, there was over an hour left before curfew. I saw the common room was filled with students, some chatting with their friends, and others working on their schoolwork. The rest of the night passed while I worked on my homework. The next morning was my first potions class, and I wasn't going to chance being late to Snape's class, as he was depicted, as someone who gleefully handed out lengthy detentions in the books. After breakfast, I made my way to the dungeons to find the potions classroom early. It took a bit because the dungeons were massive and maze-like. After I found the correct room, I walked in and noticed Cedric waving to me, from a small square table with four seats that already had another member of his house. Looking at the brown-haired mousy looking girl, next to Cedric the named Sarah Givens popped into my head. Grabbing a seat, I motioned for Roger to join us when he came in. When it was time for class to start, Professor Snape silently entered from the back room. His dark long flowing robes made it seems like he was gliding along the floor. Making his way to the front of the class, he spoke in a silky soft voice, "Potion making, is one of the oldest magic arts, it has the most versatile out of any branch of magic. No flashy wand movement can save you in my class, potions is a subtle art, if done correctly, you can bring someone back from the edge of death, turn someone invisible, even bottle luck. Those of you who are less thick-headed than others may find success in my class, while those you who have difficulty following instructions will fail." He glared resentfully at the class as if he was offended by having to teach students, who don't meet his high standards. He went on, "One of the most important aspects in potion-making is your mind, the ability to maintain focus over long periods is critical in potion making, should you lose track of where you are in the process, and it could ruin the potion you have created." "Now open your books to chapter one, you will find the recipe, for the pepperup potion, you will be turning one in by the end of class. Begin." There was a moment of hesitation in the class; all of the other classes had long lectures before making any attempt at using magic. Professor Snape's style seemed to be, to throw us in the deep end, and see if there was any talent worth teaching. For those who failed, well that was just him separating the wheat from the chafe. Even though I had already made this potion before, I opened my book and reread the recipe; Two pinches of Bicorn Horn, Root of the Mandrake, Three Sprigs of English Thyme, Five drops of Salamander Blood and Four Fire Seeds. I headed to the shelves that had the ingredients, to select what I needed — knowing that having the best ingredients along with proper preparation of ingredients, is a huge factor in how a potion will turn out. The Bicorn Horn was a solid piece of horn that I would need to ground to powder, after verifying nothing was wrong with the horn I grabbed, I put it aside to look at the mandrake root. I knew from both experience and the potion ingredient book my mom gave me on my sixth birthday, that the ideal mandrake root, should have a rubber-like consistency to it. The first root I grabbed was mushier than rubber and the second felt brittle like it could snap. Finally, the third one I grabbed had a good rubber feeling to it. From what I could see, the Sprigs of English Thyme looked normal, so I grabbed three of them. Next, I pulled out my dropper and filled it with Salamander blood, and then I grabbed four fire seeds, not wanting to take any chances on having a bad seed, I switched out one of my seeds due to its funky shape. After grabbing another one that matched my other seeds, I headed back to my desk. As I turned, I saw that Professor Snape, watching everyone at the ingredient stand like a hawk, silently judging them. Seeing his gaze, I knew that he was mentally separating those in his head who was worth teaching. Most of the students grabbed what they needed, but a few mostly those in Ravenclaw, clearly knew that having good ingredient was half the battle. The first thing I did, ground my horn down to a fine powder, I saw next to me that Roger had done a rather poor job, with small chunks being present in his powder. Whispering out of the side of my mouth, "You need to do a better job with your powder." The second I spoke, Professors Snape's dark eyes snapped to me, a slight narrowing of his eyes, informed me to keep my helpful comments to myself. Deciding to take his silent warning to heart, I zoned everyone and focused on my potion. Once I had gotten every ingredient properly prepared, I started on my potion. The first step was to fill the cauldron to the fill line with water; then I added two pinches of Bicorn Horn, followed by the mandrake root. Taking a deep breath knowing that the timing was critical, I adjust the slider to medium, that was located on the outside of the cauldron, the slide controlled the enchantment, that would heat the material inside. For exactly ten seconds, and more time or less time would have a negative effect on my potion. Looking at my potion stopwatch my dad gave to me a few years before, I quickly turned the slider to the off position and set the timer to thirty minutes for the potion to brew. When my timer, showed exactly thirty minutes had expired, I added my three sprigs then stirred four times in a clockwise fashion. Next, I carefully raised my dropper that had salamander's blood in it and made sure I added five drops exactly, stirred two times in a anticlockwise fashion. Finally, I added, my four seeds, one at a time every three seconds, when I was finished I waited 1 minute for my potion to set. After the 1 minute, my potion turned the exact shade of red shown in the book. Knowing that I had succeeded in creating my potion, I looked around the room to see how others were doing. I winced when I saw Sarah toss all four of her seeds in at the same time, her potion began boiling, and when it had finished her potion while technically still red was so dark, it was almost burgundy. Taking a vial of my potion, I got in a line of students that were handing in their potions. In front of me was Roger, and when he gave his potion to Snape, his eyes narrowed at the green color of Roger's potion, which was supposed to be red. "Before next class, turn in a two-page essay, on the proper way to ground Bicorn Horn." As Roger winced at the Professor Snape's scathing tone, while I marveled at Professor Snape's ability to accurately judge where a student went wrong in the brewing process. Considering the hundreds of different ways a student may mess up a potion, being able to tell with a glance what that student did wrong, demonstrated Professor Snape's mastery of potion-making. While the books had always portrayed Snape's essays as unnecessary punishment, I took a different view; if Roger does his research and writes a good essay, he shouldn't make this mistake again in the future. After him, I turned in my potion, Professor Snape looked at the color and didn't say anything, which I took to mean I made it correctly. Behind me was Jessica Brooks, whose potions was also the correct color. She shot me another challenging look, and once again, I was puzzled by her behavior. When I got back to my seat, I asked Roger, "What is that chicks problem." Seeing my gaze, he laughed, "Apparently you did too well in your classes yesterday, I heard her this morning telling her friends that she was determined to beat you in today's classes. It looks like you have a rival already." Scoffing, I replied, "If she wants to be my rival, she is going to have to step it up a notch." Apparently, I spoke loud enough for her to hear me, her face went red, and she glared adorably at me, with her eyes promising to defeat me. After mouthing the words, good luck, I turned my attention back to Professor Snape. He continued the class by lecturing on the subject of potion-making. Near the end of class, Sarah, the mousy looking girl at our table, raised her hand when it seemed like Professor Snape was finished. Seeing her raised hand, he narrowed his eyes and said, "Yes, Ms. Givens." "Umm. Professor Snape, I was just wondering, where do potions come from who invented them, some of the potions I've read about are extremely complicated, do wizards add random ingredient together over and over again until they get lucky." Professor Snape thoughtfully eyed her, turning he asked the class, "Does anyone here know the answer to Ms. Givens question." Jessica's hand shot up so high as if she was afraid that Professor Snape wouldn't see her. Seeing how eager she was Professor Snape sighed and motioned for her to speak, "Potions making is extremely difficult, and new recipes are rare, many potion masters never even experiment with new potions as the chances of them developing something new, is both expensive and the chances of success are low. Out of 100 potion master who is experimenting with new potions maybe 1 or two will invent something new. Even then, what they invent may not be useful, or it may be similar to another potion already." Professor Snape rolled his eyes at her response and mocked, "That is almost word for word what is in your textbook." Looking around the room, he asked, "Does anyone have an original thought on the subject." Seeing no one raise their hand, I threw mine up half-hardheartedly. Professor Snape saw me and sneered like he believed nothing I would say would impress him. "Go ahead Mr, Fawley and please enlighten the class." Clearing my throat, I said, "What Jessica said isn't wrong, that's the official line on how potions are invented, but there is another alternative that you won't find mentioned in any official textbook." Pausing dramatically, I grinned as I saw the class lean forward in anticipation, "The Potioneer's Touch, or as it was originally called, The Hag's Blessing. Blank looks appeared on everyone's faces, as none of them had ever heard about this before. The potioneer's touch is a controversial topic, some believe, that every once in a generation or two, a wizard or witch will be born with a magical gift that allows for them almost supernaturally to understand how potions work. Some accounts of those who had this gift claimed that when they were trying to invent or prefect an old potion, it was like the idea of what to do next would pop into their head. Of course, many master potion makers scoff at this and argue that potion making is the result of long experimentation and that the idea of someone having a magical gift that helps with potion making is hogwash. That is why you won't find The Potioneer's Touch in any official textbook. Now what lends credit to their point of view, is that there has been potion master who has invented new potions recipes, and who clearly state that they don't have any such magical gift. However, most of these recipes are rather simple, for me, all the proof I need to believe in the gift, is the potion that gives luck, Felix Felicis. One of the most complicated potions invented, it has to be carefully brewed for over six months. It would take dozens of lifetimes for a potion master to figure out how to create this potion from scratch, but if you look up who created the recipe, you will find out that Zygmunt Budge invented this potion is the 16th century when he was 22 years old. His young age is what makes me believe that this gift is real if there can be wizards who can transform their bodies at will or even speak to snakes, why can't there be one who has a gift for potion making." Seeing Professor Snape's expression, I knew he was impressed; I only ever knew about this because I was curious about how he had modified potions when he was still a student in Hogwarts when he claimed the title, Half-Blood Prince. It seemed a little far fetched that a student would have the ability to make potions so much more efficient, so when I was younger, I asked my mom about how it would be possible to modify potion recipes to make them better, and she told me about the myth of the potioneer's touch. Grudgingly he called out, five points to Ravenclaw, and I shot Jessica a smug grin. I may have just set a record; I'll bet Snape has never given points to another first-year who wasn't in his house on the first day of class.
As I took my seat in Astronomy, I was a little confused about why this was a mandatory subject at Hogwarts. Don't get me wrong, it's a fascinating subject, but what are the practical needs to have ever wizard and witch study the movement of the stars and planets. It wasn't just studied here at Hogwarts either; it was studied at most institutions as well, Aunt Nefret told me that Astronomy classes at Uagadou were really advanced. The class filled up with Ravenclaw and Slytherin students, sitting on either side was Roger and Anna. When the class started, a middle-age witch with dark hair introduced herself, "Good afternoon, I am Professor Aurora Sinistra. In this class, we will be studying the movement of the heavens.." As if sensing everyone's lack of enthusiasm for the subject, as there was no magic involved, she smirked knowingly and set a small glass globe down on the table. Taping the globe with her wand, it projected out an illusion of our solar system which filled the entire classroom. I looked wonderingly at the illusion; it had every planet, their respective moons, even the asteroid belt. Next to me was Jupiter, with its seventy-nine moons floating around it. Seeing that she had captured the classes, attention Professor Sinistra continued, "As you can see, while there may be no magic done with our wands, we will be using magical items to study and track the heavens." Ok, maybe this class won't be so bad after all, I thought to myself. After Astronomy classes, I headed to the Herbology classroom, which was in the giant greenhouses of Hogwarts. Out of all of my classes, Herbology was my least favorite, the class wasn't difficult, or anything and Professor Sprout was nice, But I couldn't get over the creepy feeling magical plants gave me. In my mind, plants should be still, not be able to move or even attack. Maybe it was from the nightmare experience I had in my Moms greenhouse when I was younger, but the study of magical plants, while interesting, wasn't my cup of tea. The next day, was a class I was greatly excited about, Defense Against the Dark Arts. Hopefully, there was a competent teacher, teaching the class this year. In the books, half the time, the teachers were incompetent. As soon, as I walked into the class, I noticed, a fiery red-headed witch leaning against the table, a small scar running down her cheek, everything about her screamed danger, this was not a witch to underestimate. Her eyes met mine, and she briefly scanned me up and down to assess if I was a threat. after sitting down, I noticed she did the same thing to every student that walked in. As soon as everyone was seated, she barked out "I am Professor Patricia Rathpick, I was invited to come and teach this year, and as I needed a break from curse breaking, I decided to accept the position." Cedric and I made eye contact, both of us already impressed with her. She went on, "Now, this class is all about teaching you how to defend yourself from all manner of beast and wizards alike." Pointing her wand towards the board at the front of the room, three words etched themselves out in descending order, Jinx, Hex, Curse. "These are your primary forms of magic you will be defending yourselves. Let us begin with the most forgiving of the three. The jinx is the lowest form of malicious magic, with most effects being instant. A good example is a tripping jinx, it causes a person to trip and fall, but that is the end of it. Next up is the hex, the hex is often a longer-lasting spell, and while they are not as dangerous as most curses they are significantly more malicious than jinx, they also are not temporary with some effects going on from minutes to days depending on the type and the amount of strength used when cast. Finally, curses are the most dangerous of the three types, some curses may be permanent. Now, not all curses are permanent, sometimes healers, or curse breakers, discover or create a counter curse which can reverse the effects of a curse. There is also a great deal of grey-area in all of this, I have seen some wizards refer to the same spell differently, these are just general guidelines." There was a flurry of feather quills as the whole class was scribbling down her words as fast as they could. Near the end of the class, she said, "Now, one of the best defenses is to not let them be cast in the first place," Pointing towards a girl in the front she said, "Ms. River, up here if you please." Nervous, the blond-headed girl got up and went to the front. Professor Rathpick said, "Good, now pull out your wand," Sandy River pulled out her wand and held it loosely by her side. "Expelliarmus" Professor Rathpick softly chanted, a red beam of light hit Sandy's wand and it was gently pulled from her hand and flew across the room. Turning, Professor Rathpick faced the class and instructed, "As you can see, now that my opponent has lost their wand, they cannot cast a spell against, me. While this is one of the most basic defensive spells there is, it is still worthwhile learning. For the last 30 minutes, I want everyone to divide up into pairs and practice." After all the chairs were pushed to the side, Cedric and I lined up against one another, I said, "You go first." With a look of deep concentration of his face, Cedric pulled out his wand and pointed it towards me and said, "Expelliarmus." Instantly, a scarlet red burst of light erupted from his wand and hit me, and my wand went flying across the room. Throughout the room, maybe 3 or 4 other succeed their first time. As Cedric retrieved my wand and through it my way, I mused to myself, that I shouldn't be surprised Cedric was able to easily cast the spell. In the Goblet of Fire, he was selected to represent the whole school, meaning he should be rather talented. As he threw me my wand, a grin appeared on my face and I chuckled, "My Turn." "Expelliarmus" I ordered in a loud voice. As Cedric was hit by a burst of light his whole arm was yanked up, almost like it was trying to detach itself from the body, his wand went shooting across the room. Glaring at me, I shot him an apologetic look. Coming up behind me with Cedric's wand, Professor Rathpick said, "As you can see, you can put different amounts of energy into a spell. Although I am sure you didn't mean to overpower that spell, good job. However, the mark of true mastery is being able to control just how forceful your spell is, I have seen some masters cast that spell with enough force to throw someone across a room while disarming them or just barley disarm someone. Keep practicing, until you can control what level of force you project in your spell." We continued practicing until the end of class, as I concentrating furiously on casting, I could tell that part of what controls the amount of force that is used is willpower, but reducing or increasing it on purpose was difficult and would need more practice. After lunch was our flying class with Madam Hootch, as we all piled out to a wide-open field, there were numerous broomsticks on the ground. Seeing some of the nervous expression on some of the student's faces, I realized that for some, this would be their first time on a broom. This is where the wizards who grew up out in the countryside had a distinct advantage over those who lived in a city. Most of us who lived in the country had been flying on brooms for several years, whereas those who lived in the city often didn't have as much as a chance to fly because of the possibility of being seen. Even more worried looking were the few muggle-borns in our year. They looked nervously at the old tattered brooms, lying lifelessly on the ground. Doing a terrible job at reassuring them Madam Hootch said, "Come on now, nothing to be afraid of, don't worry if you break a bone or something, Madam Pomfrey will fix you right up." Hearing her words, did nothing to comfort those who were already nervous, if anything it made it worse. Madam Hootch scoffed at there concerns and said, "Now the first thing you need to do, is stand next to your brooms, and give the command, UP!" I reached over and lazily commanded, "Up." Over my broom. Groaning to myself, this class was going to be boring, I have been flying since I was 5 years old, there should be a way for those who already know how to fly to test out of this class. I reached over and lazily commanded, "Up." The broom shot up, and I noticed that around half of the first years were able to do it on the first try. The class went quickly after that, we never even really got to fly, mainly we just hovered over the ground a few feet. Before I knew it, the class was over. Later that night at 11, we headed to the astronomy tower with our telescopes. By the time we got everything set up and ready to scan the night sky, I was ready to fall asleep. However, once I looked through my magical telescope, I was amazed by what I saw. Looking at the moon, it was like it was only less than fifty feet away. I could see fine details, of the surface, it was incredible. Looking at my brass telescope in wonder, I couldn't believe it was able to provide such detail on something that far away. Professor Sinistra had us identify and mark the planets in our solar system. By the time class ended, I realized that I was going to love this subject. When I was younger, I asked my mom if wizards had ever been to the stars and she laughed and said, "No need to go there, not when we can see them so clearly." I had always been confused by that vague statement, but now I understood her meaning. Shooting the sky one last glance, I wondered if it would be possible to travel to another planet with magic. Would magic even work on another planet? Shaking my head, that was a goal for another time, maybe when I was much older. The rest of the week went by quickly and before I knew it, the weekend was here. Cedric and I met up on our way to great hall on Saturday morning, "Where are Anna and Alicia." Cedric asked. "They said they would meet us at the great hall," I replied. As we made our way to the great hall, as we rounded a corner I saw Anna and Alicia being harassed by four older students, Alicia looked like she was about to breathe fire. As we got closer, the one who appeared to be the ringleader was lecturing Alicia. As the larger brown-haired kid sneered at her he said, "What the hell is a Gryffindor hanging with the likes of a little Slytherin. You need to learn, Gryffindors and Slytherins are not friends." Puffing up in outrage, Alicia angrily retorted, "Shut up Whithorn, no one tells who I can and cannot spend time with." Giving him another look, she viciously added "Ya Gazma." I froze upon hearing the name Whithorn, I knew Delvin Whithorn had a son named Micheal at Hogwarts, but that was all the information I was previously able to gather. Deciding to interject myself into the conversation I drawled, "You know Alicia I don't think you could have better described him if you had tried, ya gazma indeed." Cedric and I joined Anna and Alicia. Micheal's eyes narrowed as he sensed he was being insulted but was unsure how. Deciding to enlighten him I said, "Ya Gazma, means that you're a shoe." Micheal's face scrunched up in confusion. Rolling my eyes I clarified, "It means that your scum, shoes are really dirty, and that's what you are, a shoe covered in shit. Do you understand, or are you so dumb you need me to further." Michael's face turned red, and for a moment it seemed like he was unable to breathe. His hand shot to his robe and drew his wand when Professor Snape rounded the corner. He took in the scene of the four of us, being faced some older students, one who had his wand pointed at us. With a malicious chuckle, Professor Snape said, "Tsk. Tsk. Isn't this a sight Mr. Whithorn, pointing wands at first years. How brave of you, you must be the pride of Gryffindor house, which is known for its bravery. Twenty points from Gryffindor." A black-haired kid next to Micheal sputtered and argued, "But they called him a shoe." Alicia smirked, and Micheal winced at his friend's protest, knowing that it would only make things worse. A delighted look appeared on Professor Snape's face as if he couldn't be happier that one of Micheal's friends spoke up in defense of him. That will be twenty points each, Mr. Sullivan. Now get out of my sight before I put you in detention." Micheal and his friends left quickly, as he left, Micheal shot me a dark look, promising revenge. Smirking at him I mouthed, anyplace, anytime. In a small voice, Anna asked nervously, "Professor Snape, is it true, that Slytherins aren't friends with the other houses, especially Gryffindor because I've heard some things." Professor Snape, dark eyes bore into Anna's big lavender eyes. His face unreadable, he replied, "Why the hell would I care who you choose to associate yourself with. If you're so worried about what other people think of you, you won't make it far in life." Turning to leave, he paused and called out, "Ms. Lancaster, many people seem to forget, that Slytherin and Gryffindor were the best of friends." With his black robes billowing behind him he strode away. The rest of the day was filled with exploration, as we made our way through the castle exploring each floor.
The following weeks seemed to pass by quickly, most of my subjects were fairly easy for me. The one subject that offered the most difficulty was Transfiguration. By the time I transfigured a match for the third time, something seemed to click, and I was able to transform a match on command. Seeing my progress Professor McGonagall moved me onto larger objects. I began spending a lot of my spare time, in the room of requirement. Rather than hunt through the endless library of Hogwarts. It was much more convenient to have a room that would provide the books on subjects I wanted to learn about. It also made a good place to practice spells, I don't know why but casting charms, was as easy as breathing to me. I was leagues ahead of my fellow first year, the only thing I really needed to work on was being able to modify the strength I used in my spells, which required endless practice. A few weeks into term, upon entering my room, I noticed Athena becoming listless. I knew it was hard on her being cooped up in my dorm when I was in class, not to mention having her wings and horns magical folded away. Scooping her up into my arms, I whispered, "Why don't we go outside, and find a place for you to stretch your wings bit." Hearing my words Athena piped up and bleated in a cheerful tone. Making my way through the grounds, with Athena on my shoulder vibrating in anticipation. I saw a small wooden hut near the forbidden forest out of the corner of my eye. That must be Hagrid's hut, I had seen him a few times on the grounds, but hadn't had the chance to introduce myself to him. Passing the hut, I made my way to the lake, once I had put some distance between me and the castle, I reached up and grabbed Athena off my shoulder. "Hold still, silly," I told her, as she moved with excitement as I tried to remove her collar. Once I got it off her, her wings and horns shot out and back into place. After giving herself a shake, Athena launched herself into the sky with a happy bleat. I watched her sail off into the sky, I sighed, wishing that first year were allowed brooms, I missed flying through the sky with Athena next to me as we soared over our family property. As I sat by the lake with the forbidden forest to my back watching Athena aerial antics, I smiled. I jumped in surprise after a deep rumbling voice intoned, "It isn't very often that I get to see a Lamassu." Jumping in surprise, what greeted me was a giant of a man. Standing over 11 feet tall I had to crane my neck back to see his bearded face. How can someone so big move so silently? Next to him was a huge black boarhound with drool leaking out of his mouth. "Your Hagrid, right?" I asked Nodding his head in affirmation, He rumbled "Yes and this big guy is fang, now, you know my name, but I don't know yours." "Alexander Fawley, but most people just call me Alex," I replied. Setting down a huge rope he had slung over his shoulder he sat down next to me and asked, "Well, Alex what are you doing out here all by yourself? Shouldn't you be out with some friends, it's not good to be so near the Forbidden Forest all by yourself." Motioning towards Athena, with her midnight blue wings tipped with silver, flashing as she dove down toward the lake, trying to catch a fish, I replied, "Athena was getting restless in my house dorm, She has to wear a collar that forces her to assume the shape of a normal cat. So I brought her out to stretch her wings" Cupping my hands to my face I shouted, "Athena!" Athena's head rotated towards me in a strange manner, seeing me wave towards her, a look of joy appeared on her face, and she flapped her wings madly, propelling her through the air. Bracing myself for impact, I let out an "oomph." As she nearly bowled me over. I held her out so Hagrid could take her and get a better look. Running his enormous hand down Athena's back, a tender look appeared on Hagrid's face and he crooned, "Oh, she little more than a baby." Protesting, I argued, "She is seven years old." Hagrid smiled and said, "Lamassu's often live up to well over a thousand years old, in her lifespan, she is still really young. That's why she is so small, a Lamassu like her will end up growing to the size of a leopard or tiger." As I tried to wrap my mind over Athena getting that big, I rubbed her head and I warned her, "If you get that big, you aren't sleeping on my bed anymore." Rubbing her golden stripes, he asked eagerly, "Has she ever warned you of anything, Lamassu's are supposed to be able to sense the future? As well as being able to see the true nature of people." Slightly taken aback at his question, I replied, "I've never been in danger don't think I have ever been in danger before, so she has never had the opportunity to do so." Nodding his understanding, He replied, I feel sorry for anyone who tries to attack you around Athena, Lamassu's are fiercely protective and have strong magical attacks." Confused I asked, "What kind of magical attacking abilities? I have never heard about any." Scratching Athena's horns that curved slightly he said, "What do you think these horns are for, trust me they day you see her cut loose you will be impressed." A large sigh escaped Hagrid, and he grumbled, "I wish I could have a magical creature of my own, every time I get one, something inevitable happens and I'm forced to release into the forest." Rolling my eyes at Hagrid's sigh, and giving the forest a nervous look, I wondered, just how many creatures Hagrid had released in the Forbidden the years. He should have a new title, Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Ground at Hogwarts, Supplying Monster to the Forbidden Forest since 1967 Sensing an opportunity to get on Hagrid's good side, I hesitantly said, "You know, Athena was a gift from my uncle. He has been known to… locate certain creatures and… relocate them discretely to people who like them." Sensing my tone, Hagrid lowered his voice and carefully replied, "That's tricky, the ministry loves to put add regulations on what can and can not be brought into the country. Grubby bastards, the lot of them, always declaring magical creature a danger to the public and the Statute of Secrecy. They just don't understand the instincts of the creatures they label dangerous, most creatures wouldn't hurt a fly." Thinking to myself, Hagrid, you can't use your personal experience to describe creatures personalities, your bigger and more dangerous than most creatures. I would bet the see your size and recognize that if they attacked you they would get squashed so they play nice, everyone else though is fair game. Clearing my throat I continued, "Ya, my uncle doesn't like to get tied down in the Ministry's red tape, he believes that wizards can manage their own affairs and that the Ministry has begun pushing their power into areas that they don't belong in. So he has… back channels, that he uses to conduct… business without the ministry poking its nose into." He grinned at me and waggled his eyebrows, "Why don't you have your uncle write to me, it sounds like we…. Both appreciate that sometimes creatures need to be able to travel to new places and meet people who would care for them." A couple of hours later, I put Athena's collar back on her and headed back to the castle. As we headed back Athena's ears went flat and she growled in a manner I have never heard before. Thinking that she was upset about heading back inside I tried to comfort her, "Don't worry, we will come out to stretch your wings more often." Right as we were about to go through the entrance, Michael Whithorn strode out the door, wand in hand, blocking my way forward. He sneered at me and said, "Looks like the little Fawley brat is all by himself." Coming up behind him were three of his friends backing him up. Rolling my eyes at his childish display of intimidation I drawled, "Well if it isn't the shoe." Upon hearing my words, Michael's face turned red in anger. He savagely responded, "I warned you, that you would pay for the other day." Knowing that I wouldn't be able to reach my wand before Michael was able to get off a spell. I tensed preparing to dodge whatever spell he sent my way. However, before I could make a move, Athena began hissing loudly, I could feel her hiss deep within my bones. From the wary look on Michael's face, I could see he could feel it too. Eyes narrowing, he hissed, "What is that." Scratching Athena's ears, "This is Athena, and she doesn't seem to like the look of you," Deciding to bluff my way out of this, I drawled, "Go on do something, I dare you, just don't blame me what happens next." With a final sneer, Michael threatened, "Whatever she is, she can't be with you all the time." As he turned and backed away, he tried to get the final word in, he taunted, "Shame, about your little Slytherin friend, we just caught up with her on the third floor, where she was all by her lonesome. I sure hope she is able to get back to normal before dinner. I sure her little Slytherin friends will be surprised when they see her." Hearing his words sent a wave of hot anger through my stomach, Blood pounding in my ears as I tore through the castle. Making my way to the third floor, I started searching empty classrooms for Anna. Not finding her, I told Athena, "Go find Anna, she needs our help." Launching herself out of my arms, she began moving with a purpose. Athena seemed to hone in on a door at the end of the third corridor. As I got closer, I could hear sobbing coming from within. Twisting the door handle I found it refusing to move, so I banged on the door, and said, "Anna let me in." The sobbing paused for a second and Anna hysterically cried, "GO AWAY! I'll be fine in a few minutes." Pulling out my wand I declared "Not a chance, one way or another I am coming in there." Not hearing a response I tapped the door handle and chanted "Alohomora." A loud click came from the handle and I swung the door open to see Anna crouched in a broom closet. Anna was trying to hide her face with her hands I noticed her hands were solid green. "Go away" she moaned. Consoling her, I said, "Anna, I don't care if they turned you green or blue, now come out of there and let me take a look at what they did to you." Slowly she pulled her hands down her big lavender eyes peeking at me, I hissed when I saw what had been scribbled on her green face. Written with silver on her forehead, were the words, Squib Spawn. I sighed knowing that there was a stigma attached to squibs, some wizards believed that if you were descended from a squib made your bloodline more likely to produce squibs in the future. This unfounded belief was one of the reasons that I thought Anna was ashamed of her mother. Deciding that she needed some tough love, I barked, "So what if your mom is a squib, she clawed her way up in a society that looked down on her, that expected her to shuffle off into the shadows not to be seen. She couldn't even attend a proper school, but did she let that stop her. No, she went on to become one of the best Master Potion Maker in the United Kingdom. You should be proud to have her as your mom. Anna's refused to meet my eyes and muttered, "You don't understand, my whole life, I have been looked down on for having a mom who is a squib, that's all anyone saw me as the squibs daughter, who probably would have no magic of my own. Is it so bad, not to want to be seen as a squib's daughter? I want people to see me for who I am, not who my mom is." I sighed, "Let's get you to the hospital wing, I'm sure Madam Pomfrey can sort you outright quick, then we'll meet up with Cedric and Alicia. If Michael and his friends want a war, we sure as hell will give them one."
Madam Pomfrey took one look at Anna, and said, "Oh you poor dear, I'll get you fixed up in a jiffy." She pulled out her wand, a murmured a spell and tapped Anna on the head with the tip of her wand. Immediately, Anna skin returned to a normal color, and the word faded from her forehead. Madam Pomfrey looked her up and down and said, "There we are, right as rain. I don't suppose you would like to tell me who did this to you." A stubborn look appeared on Anna's face, and she muttered, "It was just a spell gone out of control." Madam Pomfrey sighed like she had heard that excuse a million times. Hogwarts was sort of like a prison, no one rats on each other if someone hexes you, you either take it, or you can dish it back out. Those who go crying to teachers are scorned by the entire school body, it's sort of like admitting you aren't good enough with magic to get revenge. After we left, I told Anna, "Let's find Cedric and Alicia, I need to show you guys something." After we hunted down Cedric and Alicia, they followed me to the 7th floor. As I stopped in front of the Room of Requirement, pacing back and forth, Anna questioned, "What exactly are we doing up here?" Her voice trailed off when she saw a door appear in the corridor. Opening the door with a flourish, I said, "This is the room of requirement, it's probably one of the best-kept secrets at Hogwarts. All you have to do is need something, and if it can be obtained in the castle, the room will provide it." We came into a wide-open room with a round table with four chairs surrounding it. As we all sat down, I continued, "One of my favorite things about the room, is how it provides books that I require, rather than hunt the information down in the library, I just come here and think about what topic I need information on and it appears." As soon as I finished, a stack of books appeared next to me on the table. Cedric raised his eyebrow and asked, "Alright Alex, you dragged us to this secret room, enough with the theatrics, whats going on?" "You remember the idiot from the other day, the one who was bugging Anna and Alicia?" I said. Cedric nodded, taking a deep breath and shooting a glance towards Anna for permission, she nodded and I said, "Earlier today, He and his friends took a shot at Anna, They hexed her green, and wrote the words squib spawn on her forehead. Not long after, he tried to jump me but Athena scared him off." As I trailed off, Cedric and Alicia sat back in stunned silence. After a moment, Alicia began muttering in Arabic about all sorts of nasty things she was going to do to Michael. With a concerned look on his face, Cedric looked at Anna and asked, "Are you ok?" She nodded, and quickly replied, "Madam Pomfrey was able to get rid of it quickly enough." Wanting to inform them of my thoughts on the matter I said, "It is because I don't think that this activity will cease, that I gathered everyone here for a war council." Alicia eyes lit up and eagerly asked, "Oh, are we going to war." Nodding I replied, "I think it's safe to assume that we will all be targets, so rule number one, travel in pairs if you're not with anyone from your house. Alicia, you may be the easiest to target because you're in the same house as Micheal. Next, we retaliate, if we hunker down and do nothing it will only get worse. However, before this goes any further, it's only fair guys know that there is some history between my family and the Whithorns, getting caught up in this could have far more consequences than just a petty feud at Hogwarts." After I told them about the details, about how Delvin Whithorn had somehow screwed my grandfather over. Even going into some detail about the little known shadowy organization that Declan Whithorn ran throughout the world. Out of all of my friends, Cedric was the most disturbed by everything I told him. After all, his father worked in the Ministry and he had always placed great faith in the system to work correctly. Anna inquired, "What is the name of the organization." Shaking my head, I responded, "I asked my uncle the same thing, according to him, they don't have a name for it. He believes that Declan thinks that theatrical things like secret names or tattoos that could be used to identify someone are idiotic. The most he could tell me was there was a council of seven that is in charge of everything, with Declan at the head of it." Everyone fell quiet at the idea of antagonized the grandson of a powerful wizard, who had no scruples. Cedric sighed and said, "No one wants to say it, but I have to put it out there anyways. Is this a fight we should be seeking, I imagine, if we huddled up and let Michael and his friends hex us a few time, eventually they would get bored." Alicia scoffed and said, "Where is your sense of pride." I interrupted I shook my head and said, "No, Cedric actually makes a good, point, Honesty, the smart move would be to do as he said, and not make waves. But, I have a feeling Michael would enjoy it too much to stop, He won't stop with a few hexes, people like him want to dominate others." Wanting to reassure everyone I continue, "Besides I doubt Michael gets his father or grandfather involved a small Hogwarts grudge, I bet Michael doesn't even tell them. I only mentioned it, so everyone knows what kind of family he is from. Now that everyone is caught up to speed, what does everyone want to do if you want to back out I understand, it's the smart move" After a moment of silence, Cedric scoffed and said, "Of course we're in, who do you take us fo? So what do we do?" Seeing the agreement in everyone's faces, I grinned and said, "So, they have the advantage, not only are they third years, but they also have a much better grasp of the castles' layout. Now, I doubt they are expecting us to go on that attack, but the main idea is to force them to realize that consistently bothering us isn't worth their effort." Sliding the books that appeared on the table to the center I continued, "I propose we brush up on some nasty hexes, and get them before they get us." Everyone grabbed a different book while looking through my book, I found a few particular nasty hexes in an old book on nasty spells. Hopefully, because the book is so old, the spells aren't commonly used, so they won't be able to get rid of them easily. However, I did recognize some of them from the books, so who knows. The following weeks were spent practicing hexes and jinxes in our spare time, in between classes, we made sure to blend with the crowd so Michael and his friends couldn't get a shot at us. Looking back, I can pinpoint the true start of our conflict, it started on a normal Friday, that was the day Michael knew he had found an opponent he couldn't bully into submission. That day, I saw one of Michael's friend, Ray Sullivan, chatting with his friends in the hallway. On the other end of the hallway was Professor Snape headed this way. It was like the universe set up a perfect way to begin the war. I pulled out my wand and tucked it discreetly into my sleeves. Professor Snape neared and as I passed by Ray, I muttered softly, "Lingua Volucri." Stepping back into the crowd I stuck around to enjoy the show. As soon as Professor Snape passed by Ray, who was speaking with his friends, he suddenly blurted out "WHORE." Snorting into my hand, I watched Professor Snape pause, as if he couldn't believe what just happened. His dark eyes gleamed dangerously, and he snapped, "What did you just say, Mr. Sullivan" With a panicked look on his face, Ray stuttered, "Nothing Professor ARSEHOLE." As soon as the final word slipped out, Ray's eyes widened as if he couldn't believe he just said that. Professor Snape's eyes bulged out and he roared, "How dare you! 50 points from Gryffindor!" Trying to keep the smirk off my face, I can't believe how diabolical the potty mouth jinx is. It takes random words you say and replaces them with curse words. Somehow, it picks the perfect words to swap with for maximum effect. Ray begged, "You don't understand BITCH, It's not my fault, you have to know that I would never FUCKING say anything like that to you CUNT." At this point, the whole hallway was completely silent, shocked beyond words. Honestly, I was kinda worried Professor Snape was going to have a heart attack. Finally, he roared, "DETENTION FOR A MONTH MR. SULLIVAN! Come with me." As Professor Snape dragged Ray away. Ray's eyes met mine, and he knew from my wicked grin that I was responsible for his predicament. That marked the beginning of our conflict, the following weeks, we were in a secret battle with Michael and his friends. Sometimes, we ambushed them and sometimes they ambushed us. All of us had been hit at least once with hexes and jinxes of all types, some rather basic and other fiendishly devious. A small part of me assumed, that a bully like Michael would back down after being hit a few times, but he actually seemed to thrive on the conflict between us. The on October 31 our little fight escalated. I broke the rules, and found myself all alone of the fourth floor, when I heard Michael shout, "Petrificus Totalus." Immediately, my limbs locked up and I found myself unable to move, so I crashed to the floor. Michael flipped me over and I glared daggers of death at him. He sneered down at me, raised hit the foot and snarled, "Who is the shoe now," and he smashed his foot on my face and breaking my nose. Ray sneered down at me and said, "I don't know I think he needs another lesson." Micheal looked me over and his face lit up when he saw my tower control ring. After prying my ring off my frozen finger, he held it up to the light and whistled. "This ring looks nice and old, family heirloom?" Michael shot a cruel grin at Ray and said, open the window I have a good idea. As Ray opened the window, Micheal set my ring on the window seal, and pointed his wand at my ring and shouted, "Alarte Ascendare." My ring shot into the sky, like a bullet fired from a gun, in the direction of the Forbidden Forest. As I laid there helplessly unable to move, white-hot rage burned through me, along with a sense of shame. Never before had I felt such hatred. I swore to myself, that I would never be caught so unprepared again in my life and that I would get revenge. Micheal motioned for Ray to grab one foot and they both dragged me into a small closet. Just before he closed the door, Michael sneered at me and said, "There is only an hour before everyone has to be in their dorms, and I bet you are gonna be stuck like that for 3 or 4 hours. Sure hope you don't get caught out of bounds." Around midnight just when I began to get some feeling back into my hand, I heard footsteps approach from outside. The handle creaked as the door swung open to reveal two grinning redheads one of whom was holding an old map. Fred said, "What happened to you, mate" Still unable to move I glared helplessly at them, Moving me into a better position, George pulled out his wand and muttered the counter curse to the full body bind curse. Finally able to move and speak, I quietly muttered, "Thanks." Fred whispered, "No problems mate, George and I were wondering what you were doing it the closet all these hours." While I guessed that the map in Fred's hands was the marauder map, so I said, "How did you even know I was down here?" George grinned and excitedly said, we nicked this map from Filch's office, it's bloody useful, it shows where everyone is on the Hogwarts ground, that's how we knew you were in here. After seeing you remain frozen on the map for a while, we decided to come and check it out." After telling them a quick condensed version Fred snarled and offered, "Want us to slip some bulbadox powder into their pajamas?" Laughing at his expression, I replied, "Sure if you want, but I plan on getting my own brand of vengeance as well." They used the map, to get me back to the Ravenclaw common room without being detected. As I laid in bed, two things remained on my mind, revenge and getting my ring back from the forbidden forest, who knows how deep in the ring went in, it could be anywhere.
The next day, too embarrassed to tell my friends what happened, I tried to act as nothing had happened, but as soon as Anna saw me at our charm class, she asked, "Where is your ring." Shooting her an incredulously look, I asked, "What are you a bloodhound or something." Anna's face reddened and she said, "You always have the ring on. I don't think I have seen you over the last year without it. What happened?" When I finished tell her what Michael had done, her eyes narrowed and she hissed furiously, "He did what, how dare he do that to your house ring, He needs to pay for what he did." Trying to calm her down, I said, "Don't do anything, I plan to get him back myself." A rebellious look crossed her face, and she quickly changed the subject, "How are you going to get your ring back." Narrowing my eyes at her deflection, I replied, "I'm gonna hang back, to speak with Professor Flitwick after class." The class flew by and when everyone shuffled out of class, I hung around. Once the room was emptied, Professor Flitwick kindly asked, "Can I help you with something Mr. Fawley." Shooting Professor Flitwick a sheepish expression, I asked, "Professor Flitwick, I seemed to have misplaced my ring, and I know there is a summoning charm, that can help wizard locate objects. I was wondering if you could teach me how to cast it." Professor Flitwick set his quill down and looked me in the eyes. After meeting my gaze for a moment, his eyes softened and asked, "Mr. Fawley, do you need any help, I know it can be hard to believe, but we teacher do keep our ears to the ground, and there have been some interesting rumors going around." Tring to keep my expression smooth, not wanting to give anything away, I replied, "I'm fine, it's just it was an old family ring and I want to find it." Professor Flitwick sighed like he knew what I was going to say before I said it. He went on, "Well normally we don't teach the summoning spell, until your second year. Right now most of the spell we teach in the first year have a small mental component to them, it's more important to get the incantation and wand movement right. With the summing spell, there is a bigger mental component, and if you don't get it right, it doesn't matter if you say the incantation correct or not." I sighed, thinking that this was his way of turning me down. Interrupting my thoughts, Professor Flitwick interrupted with his eyes twinkling, "But, considering that you have been picking up the first year charms so quickly, We can give it a go, why don't you come by my office at 7 tomorrow evening, and we give it a go. But be prepared, moving on to these more difficult spells, will be more challenging than what you have been learning so far." My eyes lit up and I said, "Thank you, Professor Flitwick." Grabbing my bag I headed out for my next class. Outside the door waiting for me was Anna, as we made our way through the castle. We spotted Ray talking with a girl on the third floor, Anna's eyes glittered dangerously, pulling out her wand and before I could stop her she pointed it towards Ray and shouted "Defluxio." As soon as the spell hit Ray, a loud gurgling could be heard coming from Ray's stomach. A moment later, an explosive sound came from Ray's behind as he shit himself uncontrollably. With fecal matter, running down his legs and onto the ground, a foul smell filled the air. The girl he was talking ran off with a disgusted look on her face. I gulped when I saw the vindictive look on Anna's face. I immediately created a new rule in my mind, never piss Anna off ever, no matter what. Hesitantly I said, "That seemed a little excessive." Glaring at the direction Ray ran off in, she gnashed her teeth and she responded, "He deserved it, no one does that to you and gets away with it." Ah, I had my own guardian angel, it was kinda adorable, in a creepy serial killer kind of way. By the end of the day, half the school was aware of what Anna did. Most of the third-year Gryffindors were glaring at her at dinner. Although Michael was giving her a wary look, after all, who wants to be the target of a spell that makes you explode with uncontrollable diarrhea. After dinner, I headed to the room of requirement, I was hoping to find something that would help me if I got caught off guard again. When I made it inside, I began thinking that I needed a way to be able to draw my wand in a hurry, rather than trying to get it out a pocket in my robe. On the table, a few options appeared before me, the first option was a wand holster designed to be worn on a belt, interesting, but not want I was looking for. Tossing the wand holster aside and grabbing the next option, it was a left-handed arm strap holster. The wand was to be hooked in backwards, with the handle of my wand near my left hand and the tip up by my elbow. Better, but still not what I was hoping for. Picking up the final option, I recognized that it was what I was looking for, it was a hidden dueling gauntlet. Sliding the leather forearm armband onto my right arm. Once I got it on, I located the wand holder on the bottom. Snapping my wand into the holder, I twisted my wrist backwards and my wand shot forward, with the handle in reach of my hand. Admiring the dueling gauntlet, I thought it looked eerily similar to the hidden blade weapon from Assasin Creed. Satisfied with my find, and now confidant my wand was only a small wrist movement away, I headed back to my dorm. The next evening in Professor Flitwick's office, Professor Flitwick began lecturing, "The summoning spell is designed to summon objects to your hand. The incantation is Accio, plus whatever you're trying to summon." Demonstration the spell Professor Flitwick pointed his wand across his office and chanted "Accio book." A book flew off of the shelf on the other side of the room and shot towards Professor Flitwick. After catching the book in his hand, he set it on his desk and said, "This spell while difficult is extremely useful. Now, remember, it's isn't about saying the words so much as concentrating on what you're trying to summon. If you don't have the proper concentration, all the proper chanting in the world isn't going to make the spell work. This spell is about 90 percent mental effort and 10 percent spellwork. It's best to begin practicing the spell with an object you can see. It makes it easier when you can visually see what you're trying to summon. The farther away an object is, the harder it will be to summon." I started having flashbacks when I was younger and trying to summon a red quaffle across my room. Considering I had decent success summoning the quaffle when I was younger and didn't have a wand. I was confident that this time around, it would be easier to manage, now that I had a wand to help me. Curious I asked, "Is there a limit to how far away an object you can summon can be." Shrugging, Professor Flitwick said, "Yes, the farther away something is, the more mentally draining the spell will be. If you can't provide the mental energy to summon something far away, the spell won't work. For instance, trying to summon something from London from here wouldn't work, it would take too much energy. Now let's start off with something easy try to summon that book over there on the shelf to your hands." Pointing my wand at the book, I focused all of my mental energy on the book of the shelve. Once I believed I had achieved the necessary concentration, I chanted "Accio book." The book shook slightly indicating that it almost worked. Annoyed at the failure, I demanded again "Accio book!" This time the book shot over into my hand. Grinning in success, I turned to see Professor Flitwick's jaw wide open in shock. After a moment he recovered and quietly said, "Mr. Fawley, I have to admit, I'm impressed, I thought even with your prodigious magical talent it would take a bit longer. I find myself looking forward to seeing just how capable of a wizard you're going to turn out to be." After a bit more practice, Professor Flitwick said, "Alright, obviously summoning objects inside a room is too easy for yours. All you need to do is continue practicing on your own, on objects out of sight, once you get that down, practice on objects further and further away. Keep me informed of your progress." Over the next few days, I continued with my practice, At first, I was confident that I would pick up summoning objects I couldn't see with no problem, but I discovered it was vastly more difficult. It took me about a week to confidently believe, that I had mastered the summoning charm. On the evening I was confident I had mastered the charm, I opened our dorm room window, and deeply concentrating on my ring, I chanted, "Accio Ring." After five minutes, I concluded that it didn't work. Annoyed I went back to practicing the spell over and over. A few nights later, I tried again when I was confident that I had mastered the spell. Unfortunately, my ring never appeared, confused I went back to Professor Flitwick to explain my issue. Stoking his white beard, he replied, "There are a few things to consider, the most obvious is that you are lacking in mental concentration and that's why it isn't working." Shaking my head, I replied, "Watch this, I threw a rock, carved with my name into the great lake earlier." Walking over to his window I opened it and chanted "Accio rock." About three minutes later I heard a whistling sound as the rock sped through the air. Catching the stone I showed Professor Flitwick the rock with my name on it. Professor Flitwick visually impressed, and said, "Well, I would have to say that you do appear to have mastered the spell, Well then, next up to consider, is that its too far away to summon, but considering you lost it here I dought that is the case. Unfortunately, with those two ideas discarded, it leaves us with some less pleasant theories to consider. First, it may be that the ring no longer exists how you remember it if it was damaged or destroyed the spell wouldn't work." Seeing my face go pale, he quickly moved on. "The other possibility is that it is being magically prevented from being summoned." Confused I asked, "Is that even possible?" Nodding his head up and down, he answered, "Oh yes, off the top of my head I can think of a dozen or so ways to prevent something from being summoned. I could probably come up with more if I gave the thought more consideration." Seeing my crestfallen face, Professor Flitwick tried to cheer me up, "Well, there is a method to determine if whatever you seek is still intact. It can even point you in the direction you need to go to find it. There are a few drawbacks though, it doesn't lead you right to the object more like in the general direction. It's called the seeking spell, the incantation is "Requiro Fortitudo." Similar to the summoning spell, this spell requires a great deal of mental concentration. There is no wand movement, just balance your wand in the palm of your hand, concentrate and say the incantation." We spent the rest of the even practicing the spell, it was a little more difficult to cast because I was having trouble properly concentrating on my ring. Knowing that it was somewhere deep in the forest, where it was either destroyed or being magically contained somehow was distracting. Either option was discouraging, I couldn't wait till Christmas, so I could go home, and speak with Anton at the tower, maybe he created a spare ring. Sighing and banishing the wishful thought. There is no way a wizard as paranoid as Anton would create a duplicate ring. I spent the rest of the week, practicing the spell, and by the end of the week, I felt I had a good grasp on the spell. Ever time I cast the spell, my wand spun in my hand with the tip of the wand pointing at the Forbidden Forest. Looking at the ancient forest nervously, I knew from the books that it was full of monsters and creatures, not to mention the centaurs who disliked wizards in general. Shaking off the temptation of charging straight in towards my ring. Going deep into the forest would require careful thought and deliberation, not some foolhardy plan that could end up getting me killed. After all, I was not some character in a book, this was real life. If anything over the past couple of weeks had taught me anything, it was if you do something stupid, expect there to be consequences.
After Anna sent that devastating hex towards Ray, an unspoken truce seemed to form between our two groups. It seemed like Michael, and his friend had finally become aware that we would fight back viciously, and at most, they would only be able to achieve a Pyrrhic victory. In Ravenclaw, a pecking order seemed to develop, with those who were achieving better grades at the top of the Pyramid. Before coming to Hogwarts, I had assumed that everyone that sorted into Ravenclaw would be amazing wizards and witches. But, one thing the books seemed to leave out was the sheer number of average students attending Hogwarts. Although I shouldn't be too surprised, in the books, it mentioned that half of the wizards who worked at the Ministry of Magic couldn't even perform a shield charm. It seemed that if even if someone was clever, it didn't mean that they were magical talented. While most Ravenclaw students overall did well in classes, some struggled to perform as well in classes that had more spell work involved. Such as Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, and in Transfiguration. However, even though most average students in Ravenclaw seemed to have one or two subjects, they performed exceedingly well in. My grades, and the ease in how quickly I mastered spells, compared to everyone in our house. Put me at the top of the pecking order, in second place was Jessica, who always seemed to glare balefully at me because I consistently outperformed her. In November, the evening before the first quidditch match of the year between Gryffindor and Slytherin. I spent the evening in the room of requirement practicing the fire making charm, across from me was a wooden dummy, pointing my wand at it. I chanted, "Incedio." A bolt of fire erupted from my wand and hit the target. Deciding that I had enough practice on making bolts of fire, I switched tactics, making bolts of fire was becoming effortlessly to me. To truly increase my mastery of the spell, I wanted to make the fire more controllable rather than just blasting a fireball at something. Concentrating on making a stream of fire, once again, I chanted, "Incedio." This time, a stream of fire flowed out of the tip of my wand, making its way through the room. Getting the flow of fire to change directions took enormous amounts of mental concentration. Slowly but surely, the fire stream turned back towards me. After it circled me three times, I cut the flow of energy off to it, and the flame disappeared, taking the heat with it. As I continued practicing sweat began pouring down my face. Eventually, a headache began to build. Calling it a night, I headed back to the Ravenclaw common area, where I found my favorite comfy recliner free. Sitting down and leaning back, I began studying the strange patterns of stonework on the ceiling that had been bugging me since the start of term. A loud deliberate cough distracted me, turning to see who was trying to get my attention, I saw Jessica Brooks glaring at me. Rolling my eyes, I asked, "What do you want Jessica?" Looking like she had to swallow a bitter pill, she grudgingly asked, "How are you picking up everything so fast? I never see you practicing in the Ravenclaw practice areas." Shaking my head, I responded, "First of all, I do practice, where do you think I am every night. Second, you need to relax, and have fun learning magic, your studying, and trying so hard to master everything, that it's becoming a chore to do so. Learning is always easier if you love and have fun with what you are learning." "You don't understand, I have to be the best, my parents were both in Ravenclaw, and they had the number one and two spots in the house. If I don't put in an enormous amount of effort, I will fall behind." Looking slightly hesitant, she cautiously asked, "Do you think we can practice together sometime?" Hearing her plea, I shrugged and said, "Sure, not tonight, my head is still pounding from pushing my boundaries earlier." Falling into a comfortable silence, she took a seat on a couch near me and pulled out some homework to finish. I continued to study the strange patterns, the more I studied them the stranger they appeared to me. Eventually, I could even swear I began seeing shapes and even more complicated patterns. Turning towards Jessica, "I asked, "Have you noticed anything strange about the ceiling." A confused look appeared on her face; she glanced at the ceiling and said, "No, it looks normal to me." Later in the evening, I headed back to my dorm, as I passed the statue of Rowena Ravenclaw, I noticed at the bottom, there was a small inscription, "Knowledge is all around, for those wise enough to find it." The next day, everyone was in excited for the upcoming match. Most everyone was rooting for Gryffindor, because throughout the last couple of years, Slytherin had dominated the other houses in the quidditch matches and the house cup. I brought Athena with me to breakfast, and afterward, most of the student body, along with the teachers shuffled out to the quidditch field. Catching up with Cedric, I said, "Save me a seat, I need to do something."\ Nodding at me Cedric said, Fine but hurry; I don't want to be stuck in the middle of Anna and Alicia today, they both are supporting their teams. Knowing how aggressive Anna gets about quidditch, I think I'm going to need some backup, to run interference with her. With you around, she won't go to out of control." Raising my eyebrow in confusion, I asked, "Why would you think I have a better shot at making sure she doesn't go crazy." Shooting me a look that seemed to question my intelligence, Cedric shook his head and said. "No reason As Hogwarts emptied, I made my way to the first floor, where the vanishing cabinet was located. Setting Athena down I told her, "Alright you're the lookout if you see anyone coming down that hallway let me know. Athena flicked her tail at me and made her way to the end of the hall. After making a slight wrist movement, my wand shot out of my sleeve and into my hand, while performing the proper wand movement I chanted, "Wingardium Leviosa." The black nine-foot-tall cabinet rose up three feet off the ground beside me, seeing that the cabinet was almost at the ceiling I rotated my wand, and the cabinet rotated from a vertical position to a horizontal one. Athena and I made our way through the castle; all was going well until we made it to the moving staircases. Athena let out a fierce hiss, panicking, I set the cabinet down along the wall, and made my way up the Athena. Peering around the corner, I saw a scrawny dust-colored cat with large yellow eyes, frozen in place. "Shit," I whispered. "That has to be Mrs. Norris, Argus Filch's cats. Luckily she appeared to be frozen in fear, Athena let out another hiss and seemed to communicate something to Mrs. Norris. In response, Mrs. Norris rolled onto her side and closed her eyes. Athena shot me a smug look, demanding praise for her good work. Scratching her head, I laughed and said, "You know, pride cometh before a fall." Once I got the cabinet back up, and we started again. As we made it to the seventh floor, I assumed we were home free when all of a sudden, a burst of water hit me in the face. Sputtering, I looked for the offender so that I could unleash my wrath upon them. From above me, I heard a sing-songy voice ring out, "Look at the little wizard, squirm like a worm." Glancing up, I saw floating towards the top of the room, a small individual that could be mistaken for a child. He had on a blue jester hat, with matching pointy shoes. His orange shirt covered in stars clashed horribly with his blue and red striped pants. He gleamed maliciously at me, pulling back his arm to throw another water balloon at me. I sputtered, "Don't you dare, Peeves." He laughed and pelted me in the face again, "I'm not doing anything, I am just helping you wash your face." Appearing on his face was a grin so big it distorted the rest of his features. Behind him was a pile of floating water balloon, seeing the number of ballons he had, I took off at a run. Running down the hall with the cabinet behind me, by the time I made it to the room of requirement, Athena and I were thoroughly soaked, Athena was less than amused the situation. She glared balefully at the small floating jester, her eyes tracking his every move. Smirking to myself, I reached down and unsnapped her collar, right when her wing unfurled she launched herself at him with a loud yowl. While Peeves and Athena chased each other in the air, I got the room to open, by thinking I needed a place to hide something where no one could find it. As I opened the door and got the cabinet in, I shouted, "Athena." Right on cue, she bolted my way after swiping her claws across Peeves face, with a howl of fury, he followed right on her tail. As soon as she passed, I slammed the door in Peeves face. I could hear Peeves shrieking in anger at being denied his revenge; Luckily, the room was so heavily enchanted, that he was unable to follow us in. Glancing around the room of requirement in shock, what was normally a small room was a giant-sized room filled with stacks of old objects that reached towards the enormous ceiling. Picking a spot near the entrance, I set the vanishing cabinet down. Hiding the vanishing cabinet was my first attempt at changing the future. I had secured one possible entrance to Hogwarts, all I needed now was to get the pair from Borgin and Burkes, and I could have a passage all to myself. Wanting to make sure the cabinet still functioned, I opened the door and stepped inside. Closing the door behind me, I felt the familiar surge of energy that indicated I was on the other side, cracking the door open, I saw a poorly lit shop. Slowly closing the crack, I turned and faced the opposite direction and made my way back to the room of requirement. Staring at the exit door, I asked Athena, "Do you think he is still out there?" She flicked her tail in anticipation, Laughing at her response, I said, "It would be nice if we could get the door to let us out on the ground floor, so we wouldn't have to deal with him. To my shock, when I opened the door, it was near to where the vanishing cabinet had on the first floor. Athena brushed past my legs looking for Peeves, seeing that he wasn't there she chuffed and climbed up to my shoulder. Rubbing her head, I said, "Oh, this is going to be bloody useful, no more running madly back to the Ravenclaw room trying to make it back before lights out." The more I considered the endless possibilities of the ways I could use the room, the more impressed I was with whoever had come up with this enchantment. I imagine that it was Rowena Ravenclaw herself that laid the enchantment, after all, she is credited with many of the more complex enchantments throughout Hogwarts, such as, the moving staircases. By the time I made it the quidditch pitch, the match was heating up, with Slytherin and Gryffindor were neck and neck. I found Cedric sandwiched in between both Anna and Alicia looking helpless, as both had forced scarves representing Slytherin and Gryffindor onto him. When he saw me, his face lit up like he had seen a lifeline. Cedric wildly motioned me to join them, to help take some of the pressure away. As soon as I arrived, Anna furiously questioned, "You're supporting Slytherin right." Not waiting for my response, she thrust a Slytherin scarf towards me, clearly expecting me to take it. Her eyes narrowed when I didn't say anything. Thinking back to my new rule not to make Anna upset, I quickly nodded and defended, "Of course." Grabbing the scarf, I wrapped it around me to show her my support. Hearing my response, Anna shot Alicia a smug look, Alicia rolled her eyes. The rest of the match was enjoyable, and it ended with a Slytherin victory. The way back in, Anna taunted Alicia so much, one would have thought Anna won the match by herself. Wanting to give Alicia a break, I asked, "Are any of you going to try out next year for your house teams." Cedric nodded and replied, "Yes, my goal is to play seeker. I want to help Hufflepuff win the quidditch cup; we haven't come close to winning in years." Anna not to be outdone chimed in, "I'm pretty sure if I didn't, my dad would kill me." Alicia nodded as well. Looking them all over, I said, "Well, all three of you trying out makes me feel a little awkward for not wanting to do it myself." Confused, Cedric asked, "Why wouldn't you try out, whenever, we play a pickup game of quidditch, you play the best keeper." Wanting to make a point, I asked, "Is playing quidditch something you would like to do when you are older?" Cedric shrugged and said, "What does that have to do with anything." Shaking my head, I informed him, "We only have seven years at this school; I do not plan on wasting several hours each day practicing for something I will never play outside of Hogwarts. There are many different branches of magic that I wish to study, while I am here and playing quidditch would slow me down." Nodding his understanding, we all headed back to the castle, eager to get back to the warmth.
Towards the end of November, while practicing in the room of requirement, I mastered the final spell in my charms book, Standard book of spells volume I. Closing the book shut, I was slightly surprised that I had been able to cast all 20 spells within the book before even half of the year was finished. Glancing around the room of requirement, I wondered if I should continue to practice mastering the amount of energy I put into spells to control the strength of the spell, or move on to the next book in the series. My true feelings gave me away when I spotted on the table another book titled, Standard book of spells volume II. I guess the room was able to sense my hunger to learn even more magic spells. The next day, Professor Snape seemed to be in a particularly bad mood. When Roger's potion turned to a gunky green sludge, Professor Snape's black eyes seemed to bore through him. He snapped, "Mr. Davis, do you have the ability to read and follow simple instruction?" Roger gulped nervously and replied, "Yes, Professor, I do." Professor Snapp's eyes glittered, and replied dangerously, "Then why did you add the last two ingredients incorrectly, as well as stir in the opposite direction. As more time goes on, I find myself wondering just how incompetent someone can be. Are you doing this on purpose? Or are you just plain stupid?" Roger wilted at Professor Snape's tone and the pointed questions. After a moment, Snape rolled his eyes and muttered, "Get out of my sight." After class, when Roger and I were making our way through the halls, he grumbled, "It's not fair, what the hell is his problem anyway." When class was over, I tried to comfort Roger, "Don't take it too personally; that is just how Professor Snape is around students. He is a brilliant potions master, but he isn't what I would call a great teacher. I think that he is one of those geniuses that are so talented that when he finds other people doing poorly, he just can't understand why they aren't succeeding. So, he has a hard time teaching students who aren't able to succeed on their own; he just throws you into the deep end to see if you sink or swim." Shooting me a bitter look, Roger grumbled as we made our way through the school, "That doesn't excuse him from being a great big dick." The rest of the week flew by, and on Saturday, I made my way down to Hagrid's wooden hut. Approaching the enormous door, I could hear Hagrid deep rumbling voice crooning what sounded like a lullaby. As soon as I knocked, all sound from the hut vanished. After a moment of silence, I could hear objects being hastily moved around inside the hut. Hagrid's voice rang out, "Just a minute." Eventually, Hagrid opened the door and glanced down at me. Once he saw who I was, he seemed to relax a bit. "Oh it's just you Alex. Why didn't you say so, come on in." Walking into the hut, the first thing I noticed was Fang, he seemed to have burrowed his way under a thick heavy blanket on the couch. If he was trying to hide, he wasn't doing a good job considering his enormous size. On the other side of the hut, I noticed a familiar-looking trunk; it looked remarkably similar to the many trunks I had seen my uncle delivering to areas. Deciding to have a bit of fun with Hagrid, I wandered over to the chair next to it and took a seat. Stroking the trunk gently, I playfully remarked. "This is a fine-looking trunk you have here, Hagrid." Hagrid's eyes shifted and replied nervously, "Oh that old thing, its nothing, just something I have lying about." As I moved my hand towards the handle, a Chesire cat grin appeared on my face, and I asked innocently, "Would you mind if I took a look inside it?" "No, don't open it." Hagrid blurted out, and his face scrunched up in worry. Deciding to end his misery, I said, "I'm just messing with you Hagrid, I already know that my uncle gave you the trunk, it has his mark on it." Hagrid let out a deep breath, and a relieved expression appeared on his face. "You little brat, you had me worried for a moment." Curious about what type of magical creature my uncle gave him, I asked, "So what kinda magical creature did you get?" Hagrid made his way over, with a smile appearing on his face. Opening the trunk, he proudly bragged. "Your uncle got me a pair of baby Garmrs." As soon as he opened the trunk, Fang let out a fearful whine, and the heavy blanket he had burrowed into began quivering. As Hagrid's enormous hands reached in, he scooped out two big bundles of fur. At first glance, they looked like baby wolves; then I noticed the eyes. Specifically that they had four of them, and they were glowing blood red. Next, I noticed the teeth, even though they were babies, they were razor-sharp designed for ripping and tearing. Sharp spikes hid inside their dense black fur, and their claws on their paws were designed to shed their prey's skin. After getting a good look at them, I realized that Fang had the right idea. These little monsters looked terrifying. Unsure of what to say, I interjected. "They look… interesting." With a wide grin on his face, Hagrid sat and brought the garmr pups to his chest. "Garmrs are amazing creatures. They were created by an ancient Norwegian witch named Hella. They have really interesting magical properties; it is said that none can hide from their eyes, and if they get a taste of someone's blood, they can track them down no matter how far away they are." While Hagrid was bragging about his new pets, he didn't seem to notice that they were chewing on his fingertips. One of them appeared to be annoyed that they couldn't chew through Hagrid's thick skin and shifted its eyes in my direction. Not wanting to take a chance on Hagrid's ability to control the little monster, I put my right hand behind my back and extended my wand from its concealed holster. Just in case the little monster decided he wanted a taste of wizard blood. The other garmr pup seemed content to chew on Hagrid's hands like they were chew-toys. Worried about Hagrid's ability to control them, I asked, "What will you do if they attack students." A wounded expression appeared on Hagrid's face, and he brought them to his chest protectively and defended, "They wouldn't hurt nobody; they are only misunderstood creatures, Look at them there just adorable babies." Sighing at Hagrid's ability to pretend that dangerous monsters are harmless little creatures, I decided to let it go for now and move on to what I had come down to ask. Hesitant, I asked, 'You've been in the Forbidden Forest, right?" Nodding, he bragged, "Sure loads of times." Wanting to get as much information as I could I asked, "Is it really as dangerous as they say," Scoffing, Hagrid replied, "It ain't so bad in there, I go in there all the time. As long as you don't bother the creatures in there, they mostly leave you alone. Just don't piss off the centaurs, and you'll be fine." Wanting more information, I asked, "Just how many creatures live in the forest." Hagrid eyes lit up and began passionately speaking, "The forest is enormous, and has a large population of magical creatures due to the enhancements on Hogwarts that protects the area from muggles, a place where they can be free." Curious, I asked, "What stops all the creature from coming onto the grounds." Waving his hand reassuringly, Hagrid replied, "Oh there are wards and enchantments that prevent the creatures from coming onto the grounds uninvited." Relieved that the castle grounds were protected, I decided to get to the heart of the matter, "So, I was wondering, if you could draw me a map of the forest, you know places to avoid if someone found their way inside forest." "I don't know," Hagrid hesitantly replied, "I mean students aren't really allowed to go into the forest" Knowing that Hagrid would do anything for magical creatures, I quickly replied, "Its not for me, it's for Athena, she has been cooped up on the grounds, and I can tell she needs to get out and about more." A worried look appeared on Hagrid's face, which made me feel slightly guilty for manipulating his love of creatures. Knowing he needed a final push, I continued, "Imagine if your baby garmr were trapped in the hut consistently, they would be miserable, sometimes magical creatures need to be able to run free." Sighing heavily, Hagrid nodded his acceptance, and I tried to contain my glee. The first step to recovering my ring had been accomplished. Hagrid put the garmr pups back in the trunk and wandered over a chest in the corner. As he rubbished through the chest, he mumbled, "I know it in here somewhere." Knowing that this could take some time, I sat on the couch next to Fang and tried to coax him out. After 10 minutes of searching Hargid said victoriously. "Ah ha! Found it, I knew it was in here somewhere." Wandering over, he set a sturdy leather tube down on the coffee table in front of the couch said "Here you go, one map of the forest, as requested" The rest of the evening passed quickly, and by the time I made back to my room back in the Ravenclaw tower, I was brimming with excitement. The tube holding the map seemed to imply that the map inside was valuable. Visions of a magical map filled my head; already I imagined a map similar to the marauders' map that Harry had in the books. Grinning at finding Athena sprawled out on my bed as she owned it. Waving the tube around, I bragged, "This magical map is going to help me find my ring in the forest." Not wanting to wait a moment longer, I removed the lid of the tube and slid the map out. Unrolling the thick parchment I was stunned into silence after seeing the content. The map wasn't like the Marauders map at all. It looked it had been drawn by a five-year-old. Where was my magical map, I want a refund. As my left eye started twitching in annoyance, I glared at the offending map, half tempted to throw it in the trash. As my eyes roamed over the map I noticed that there were crudely drawn creatures all over the place, and in a section, I spotted what looked like a smiling dancing spider. Trying to find a silver lining, I thought bitterly. Well, at least I know how to avoid the giant murderous acromantula. Curious about what I was looking at Athena hopped up and took a look at the contents. After seeing the map for herself she shot a look at me that seemed to question my intelligence and went and laid back down. Wanting to defend myself, I defended, "What? Its better than nothing." Athena closed her eyes, deciding to ignore my attempt to defend the map. I spent the next week carefully going over the map, trying to puzzle out what all the drawn creatures and symbols were. Some were easily like the Acromantula and the Centaurs. Others were less recognizable. Fortunately, I was able to find books in the room of requirement , which helped me identify all of the creatures drawn. After I had completely deciphered the map, I let out a sigh of relief in the room of requirement. I was ready to take the next step, transportation. No way I was walking into a forest full of dangerous magical creatures on foot. I'm gonna need a broom, as soon as the thought popped into my head, several options appeared on the table. Looking around the room, I still find myself flabbergasted at the complexity of the rooms enchantments. Out of all the spells laid down on the castle, this room's enchantment is the best and most mysterious, I had already tried asking the room for the book with the spell in it. Unfortunately, the room was unable to provide one, which made me think that this room's enchantment was a custom enchantment created by Rowena, but was never recorded. Making a promise to myself, I thought, One day, I am going to learn how to create new spells and I will recreate this lost enchantment. After testing the broomstick, I selected the fastest one and snuck it back to my room. Tomorrow, I would venture into the forbidden forest for the first time. I couldn't wait
Standing at the entrance of the forbidden forest, reminded me of why the forest is off-limits. I can tell just from the look of the forest that is old and unconquered by civilization. Enormous trees as far as the eye could see tower over the ground, their branches and leaves so thick that hardly any sunlight makes it to the bottom. It was almost like the forest was created to be foreboding. Seeing how unconcerned Athena was acting about our voyage into the forest made me feel slightly better about not bringing anyone with me. Hopping on my broom, I took off with Athena following closely behind. Unfortunately, flying in a forest doesn't allow for fast speed on a broomstick, but it was better than trudging through the forest on the ground. Right before we entered the forest, I stopped and pulled out my wand, letting it rest in the palm of my hand. I chanted, "Requiro Fortitudo," while concentrating on my ring. My wand turned to the south, and I told Athena, "At least we know what direction to head." It was slow going through the forest, and every few minutes, I would pause and recast the seeking spell and check the map. Luckily, we seemed to be heading away from the giant spiders, which is a great relief. As I was checking the map, all of a sudden, the hair on the back of my neck rose, and I could feel something's eyes watching me. Athena's hackles rose, and her body began to slowly vibrate as she hissed a warning so loud that it scattered all of the animals in the area. Afterward, the feeling of being watched slipped away. Feeling something watching me was unnerving, but what was even more disturbing was knowing something was watching me but not being able to see what it was. After a few tense minutes of scanning the forest, I recast the seeking spell and moved on. Luckily, after about 15 more minutes of flying, my wand began slowly rotating to the right. A burst of excitement shot through me; I was close; I could feel it. Deciding I needed to narrow the area down; I continued flying and noting when my wand changed directions. Eventually, I was able to pinpoint the general area and had mapped out a large circle where the ring should be. Luckily, the area had a small creek with a unique bend in it, which let me find where I was on the map. Studying the map closely, I was glad that there didn't appear to have any markings warning me of anything in the area. However, I couldn't help but think I was missing something. After pondering the issue for a few minutes, I decided to put it out of mind and focus on trying to find my ring. After landing on the ground, I started carefully searching the ground, knowing that whatever was keeping my ring trapped was most likely magical in origin. As I wandered through the area, I couldn't get over the silence, a forest should be alive, but this area was quiet as a cemetery. Just as I was about to give up and head back for the day, I noticed an entrance to a cave hiding behind large rocks jutting out from the ground. The entrance wasn't very big, but with my size, I didn't think I would have any problems. Still, the sight of that hole filled me with concern. I've seen how this plays out before in books I've read. No good can ever be found from going into a creepy cave in the middle of a deserted forest. Knowing my options were either to give up on my ring or to take a quick look in the cave. As I started mentally weighing my options, the urge to explore the cave began building within me. Trying to psyche myself up, I took a deep breath and whispered, "Come on, you've got this. This is how all great adventures start; no stupid cave is going to stop me from reclaiming what's mine. Besides, what's the worst that could happen." Athena shot me a look that seemed to say, "WTF. did you just say, are you nuts?" Holding my wand aloft, I chanted, "Lumos." Bright white light shot out of my wand, chasing away the darkness and illuminating the cave entrance. Moving forward and not waiting to see if Athena would follow, I called out, "Are you coming?" Athena let out a sigh, leaped onto my shoulder, wrapping her tail around my throat protectively. Not far into the cave and it started descending deep within the earth. Eventually, the cave tunnel opened unto a large cavern underground. Moving into the cavern, I saw that there were multiple tunnels leading to the cavern. I could feel the faintest touch of air moving against my skin, indicating that at least one of the other tunnels also went to the surface. On the far side of the cavern was a door carved into the stone. Curious about what could possibly be down here, I carefully made my way closer. My first impression of the doorway was how old it was. Above the doorway, "Ego Voluntas Evinco Moriuntur" was an inscription branded into the ancient stone, I was pretty sure it was in Latin, but I couldn't be sure. Annoyed that I wasn't able to understand the inscription, I decided to put learning how to understand Latin on my to-do list. Athena growled softly, reminding me that this was not the place to dawdle. Walking through the entrance, I discovered that the hallway lead to an open area cluttered with old smashed debris everywhere. The open area was circular in nature and had a few more doors leading deeper within. As soon as I entered, torches on the wall lit up, freezing me in my tracks. After a minute of no further activity, I let out the breath that I was holding. Whispering softy to Athena, "What door do you think we should choose." Athena nodded her head to the door to my right. I shrugged and said, "Why not." Crossing the room was slow going as I didn't want to disturb any of the cluttered material on the ground. By the time I made it to the door, my nerves were starting to become frayed with sweat pouring down my face and my heart pounding. I slowly opened the door. The hinges started to creak loud enough to wake the dead, panicking, I quickly pointed my wand at the door and whispered furiously, "Silencio." At once, the noise vanished, and once again, I froze as I strained my ears, listening for any response to the noise that was made. Satisfied that there was nothing, I made my way into the closed room. At first glance, the room was covered in a film of thick dust, indicating that no one had been in the room for many years. Something about the dust bothered me, like a itch I couldn't scratch. Unable to figure it out, I brought my attention back to the room. It looked like an ancient study of some sort. Along the wall were shelves that contained a multitude of objects, some were mundane, like ancient tomes, but other objects were strange and sinister looking. There were even some jars of liquid that looked like they contained weird-looking organs. Creeped out, I turned my attention from the shelves to the desk. There was a book that was opened and written in the same script as the inscription above the entrance. It looked like a journal or logbook of some kind, whoever was writing in it appeared to have stopped mid-sentence. While I was examining the notebook, I heard a sound that chilled my blood. It sounded like stone grinding against stone. Tucking the journal safely within my robes, I backed out of the room and shut the door. It was at this moment; I figured out what was bothering me about the dust. That room was full of dust, indicating no one had been in there for ages. But in the main room, even though there were broken materials everywhere, I didn't see any dust, which indicated that someone… or something had been living down here. While giving the circular room another look, the mess inside appeared to me in a different light. The way all the crap was strewn about was almost nest-like. A sinking feeling began developing within my stomach. Mentally chastising myself, 'I knew this was a bad idea, stupid, stupid, stupid. But no, I just had to explore a creepy hole in the middle of a forbidden forest.' Deciding that this train of thought was unproductive, I started moving, before I got halfway across the room, I heard a raspy voice softly plead from behind one of the doors, "Succuro me, Seccuro me." Freezing in place, unsure of what was said, it sounded desperate. Deciding I needed more information; I called out, "Whose there." Silence answered me for a moment, then the voice pleaded slightly louder, but in what sounded like a different language, "Voithíste me." Quickly realizing that he was speaking in a new language to see if I understood, I started sounding off in different languages. After trying out French and Spanish and not achieving anything, I tried speaking in Arabic. As soon as I started speaking in Arabic, the raspy voice on the other side of the door excitedly responded, "Help me!, I've been trapped inside for ages." While I was glad that we finally had a common language, I was still rather suspicious of the voice coming from the door, so I demanded, "Who are you, and how long have you been down here." In a helpless tone, the faceless voice replied, "My name is Octavius Maximus, and as for how long I've been down here. I have no idea, I've been asleep most of the time, being trapped in a room behind an enchantment can be rather boring." Wanting to put a face to the voice, I opened the door slowly, wand at the ready. As the door swung open, it revealed a rather large room even bigger than the nest area. In the very center of the room was a tall, skeletal, black-haired man. His skin was so pale white as if it had never been touched by the sun's burning rays, and his eyes were pitch black. Hanging off his skin was dark tattered robes that looked ready to fall apart. Oh ya, and he had fangs. Thankfully, Octavius was sitting on what looked like a stone sarcophagus that looked like it was trapped behind some enchantment of some sort. The carving on the floor reminded me of the spells that isolated the area where my dad tested new enchantments. Watching him warily, I accused him, "You're a vampire." A shocked look appeared on his face, and he cried out sarcastically, "I'm am? Are you sure?" My left eye started twitching in annoyance, and I decided that maybe the cranky, sarcastic vampire needed some more alone time. So I quickly turned and left the room, shutting the door behind me. Octavius cried out, "Wait! I'm sorry, I was just having a bit of fun. It has been ages since I've had someone intelligent to speak with." Deciding he learned his lesson, I reopened the door and made my way inside. On the stone floor surrounding him was a series of circles branded into stone. They looked somewhat similar to the spells my father used to isolate an area where he could experiment safely. The spells trapping him made me feel secure to get closer. When Octavius saw me eye the enchantment a wicked look appeared on his face, and he crooned softly, he said, "You know, I'm the last person you should be afraid of, I can't get in or out of this circle. What you really should be concerned about is what else has been living down here." His statement made me nervous, as it only confirmed my suspicion that something indeed was living in down here. Trying not show worry on my face. I sneered back at him, and coolly responded, "I'm not scared of anything down here, whatever is lives down here should be frightened of me." To reinforce my point, I waved my wand. A sly smile appeared on his face, and he replied with fake adoration, "I see young master, I didn't realize you were such a powerful wizard. Since your such a powerful wizard, would you mind freeing me." Rolling my eyes at his antics and trying not to get too annoyed at him for underestimating me. Afterall in his viewpoint, I was a young wizard, just getting started. Trying to get back his other point, I asked, "What creature lives down here?" His smile died away, and fear and anger took its place, and he bitterly replied, "It doesn't have a name. But I can tell you; it used to be a wizard." Needing more information, I asked, "What do mean that it used to be a wizard." Sighing helplessly, the vampire replied bitterly, "It was a wizard by the name of Tatius, he trapped me here long ago. While I was trapped, he experimented on me; he was obsessed with eternal life. I offered to turn him, but he rejected my offer, saying that there were too many downsides to being turned. He said he was going to create a better version of immortality. One day, he said he was finally finished and that he was finished with his work. He even promised to free me when he was done. I'm not sure what went wrong, but the next time I saw him, he was off. It's hard to explain, but he seemed wrong somehow. Over the next few days, he slowly turned into a monstrous creature and lost his humanity and his intelligence. Soon, he was no smarter than an animal, and I've been trapped ever since." Wanting more information, I asked, "Was he a teacher at Hogwarts?" Octavius turned his head in confusion and asked, "What could someone teach about a wart on the flesh of swine?" After puzzling over, Octavius's strange response, I came to a sudden realization. He predates Hogwarts! That means he has been locked down here for over a thousand years. Wanting to confirm my suspicion, I questioned. "Have you ever heard about Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry?" Seeing him shake his head made me wince. I really didn't want to be the one to break it to him that he had been trapped for at least a thousand years. Sighing heavily, I asked, "What year were you captured?" Raising an eyebrow at my question, Octavius replied, "I believe it was the year 709. Why? What year is it now, I expect it has been at least several decades." Hmmm. How do you break it to someone, that they had spent close to 1300 hundred years trapped in a small room? Deciding to dive right in and just tell him, I said, "It's 1989, it has been almost thirteen hundred years since you've been in here." Hearing my response Octavius's face went blank for a moment as he struggled to comprehend just how long he had been stuck in here. After a few moments of silence, an intense look of rage appeared on his face, and he shouted, "THOSE LITTLE BASTARDS! HOW DARE THEY LET ME STEW IN HERE FOR THAT LONG. I COULD HAVE FORGIVEN A CENTURY OR TWO BUT THIRTEEN HUNDRED YEARS. DAMN THEM." After a few more minutes of creative cursing, Octavius seemed to run out of steam, and he shot me a look of despair. Wondering who he was mad at, so I asked, "Who are you cursing?" Anger reappeared on his face, and he snarled, "My faithless progeny. They have had more than enough time to find me, the fact that I remain trapped only means that they are fine with me being out of the way." Curious I asked, "What if they just think you're dead." Snorting at my question, Octavius scathingly replied, "Every vampire can feel whether their maker is still alive." Hearing his response piqued my curiosity and I made a mental note to learn everything I could about vampires. Always interested in learning new information, started drafting questions to throw at Octavius. But, before we could continue our conversation, Octavius froze, and Athena snarled violently. Eyes panicking, Octavius whispered, "Run boy, the beast is coming back from its hunt. Your no match for it." While Octavius urging didn't worry me, Athena's response did, I don't think I've ever seen her more upset. While turning to make a run for it, Octavius called out, "Don't come back until after the next full moon, the beast leaves for a hunt for a few days every full moon. That's the only time its safe to come down here." Not wanting to slow down to respond, I simply nodded while running out of the room. Carefully making my way through the next in the outer room. When I made it back to the cavern, I whispered "Lumos." Seeing the tunnel I came in from, I made a run for it. Thankfully, I made it safely to the tunnel, and I started running for the surface. But, when I had made it about halfway to the exit, I heard a roar coming deep within the cavern Whatever it was, it knew something had been inside its home." The roar only increased my pace, and by the time I made it the exit, I could hear it coming up the tunnel I used. As soon as I exited the cave, found my broom and took off into the sky. When I made it to the top of the trees I paused and turned around wanting to get a good luck at whatever was chasing me. At the entrance of the cave, the beast stopped and remained in the shadows; it seemed to sense that I had escaped from its clutches. However, I could feel malevolent eyes upon me, watching, waiting to see if I would return. Deciding not to chance it, I headed back to the Ravenclaw tower; this had been enough excitement for one day. Author's note. Alright guys, I want to head off what I know a few of you might mention. Going into the forest and cave alone isn't the smartest thing to do, so why would Alex who is suppose to be really smart, do something so stupid. First off, while he has read about others doing stupid things and should really know better, deep down he craves an adventure just like in all of the stories he's read, plus he is very young you can warn someone about danger all you want, but the burned hand teaches best. Next, the vampires, So their is almost no lore about them in the Harry Potter books except for a few hints like the blood flavored lolly pops and briefly a few other time. This implies that they have a place in magical society, so I will be exploring the vampire world throughout the story. Also, there is a ton of myths and ideas about vampires, and I will use some of it, but I will also leave other stuff out. So bear with me. Finally, The beast, Before anyone ask, No the creature is not a werewolf, I know its a suspicious that it hunts around the new moon, but that is only a coincidence. As for what it is... that would be telling... ? ﾟﾘﾁ?
While I was heading back to Hogwarts, I found my arms shaking as the adrenaline was coursing through my veins. Thankfully, by the time I made it back, the shaking had mostly stopped. Knowing that I needed more information before deciding how to proceed, I headed towards the room of requirement. The first thing I requested from the room were books on vampires. On the table, dozens of books appeared on the subject. As I started perusing through the books, the first thing I noticed was the clear bias in the stories. Most of the information contained in the books was second and third-hand accounts about how evil vampires were, and how they were the enemies of all wizard kind. If that wasn't annoying enough, many of the wizards were simply bragging about how superior wizards were and that vampires should bow down and be subservient. Rolling my eyes at the obvious grandstanding, whoever wrote these books, clearly didn't have the faintest clue how to write an unbiased report on the subject. If that wasn't bad enough, there were many inconsistencies. One book would say one thing, and another would say something different. Throwing the book that I was reading across the table, I grunted, "Useless. What I really need is an unbiased book and one not full of nonsense." As soon as the words left my mouth, all the books except for two disappeared, and the first title I saw didn't inspire much confidence, Peering Beneath the Coffin. However, as soon as I started reading, I knew that this was the book I needed. The author included proof backing up his information and clarified many of the false assumptions about vampires. Like vampires being undead creatures, they were very much alive, just vastly different than humans. He explained that some false beliefs came from muggle-born wizards who grew up reading about vampire characters, and other beliefs were just consistently repeated so much that many people assumed they were true. The author dove deep into the origins of the vampire species, tracking vampiric bloodlines dating back 4 thousand years. While there is no clear evidence on where vampires came from. The author spent years seeking out ancient stories and myths and even spoke with some of the most ancient vampires in existence. He even claimed that the first vampire was a wizard, who was fearful of death and somehow transformed himself into the first vampire. However, many wizards condemn this point of view. As far as traditional weakness, according to the book, religious fixtures hold no power over vampires, a wooden stake through the heart theoretically kills one, but anything would die with something driven through the heart. The same holds true, if you cut the head off, as far as being allergic to garlic, the author pointed out that vampires have extremely acute senses, and for whatever reason, they find the smell of garlic intolerable to be around. But, otherwise, it has zero effect, other than pissing off the vampire for making him smell something nasty. In which case, they may attack you out of annoyance. However, it seems there is some truth to the matter of vampires being allergic to silver. Apparently, natural silver can restrain them, although the author pointed out that magic was far more effective than silver. A strong vampire would be able to ignore the pain silver caused them and retaliate. Whereas, most vampires had no defense against magic. It was then; the author explained that there were two different classes of vampires, low ranked and blood ranked. Around 95 percent of the vampire population consists of what is known as low ranked or lowlies, and the other 5 percent are known as blood ranked. The main difference between the two is that blood ranked vampires far stronger and have limited magical abilities. High ranked vampires are the only ones strong enough to sire more vampires. However, the book warned that the lowlies should not be underestimated, while they don't have magic, they are strong, fast and can see perfectly in the dark and they tend to swarm when there are many of them attacking. The book also explained that vampires get stronger as they age, and it is possible for a lowly vampire to accumulate enough power and transform into a high ranked vampire, although it is incredibly rare for them to do so. Most of the high blood vampires that exist were once wizards who were turned, but it is rare for a wizard to wish to be turned, most wizards can't imagine losing their magical powers. Wizards consider themselves to be at the top of the magical food chain; not many would be willing to be turned into a magical creature, where they would be subject to their maker's wishes. Vampires have an enormous amount of control over their progeny, and many wizards couldn't imagine being subservient to something that they had considered beneath them. If being at the mercy of your maker doesn't scare most wizards off, the other glaring weakness that comes along with being a vampire, chief among them daylight. While sunlight doesn't kill them, should the sun's rays touch their skin, all of their strength will be drained away, and they would slip into a death-like state, leaving them completely vulnerable to attack. As a result, most vampire lairs are built underground giving them protection from the sun. As soon as I read that, being turned into a vampire would make me lose the majority of my power. I quickly stopped entertaining any thoughts of being turned. I loved my magic; there was no way I was ever giving it up, not in a million years. While it seems like an easy way to achieve eternal life, I bet there are other ways it could be achieved. Hell, I bet there have been others, throughout the ages, who have found different paths to immortality or at the very least extended their lives, like the previous Hogwarts headmaster, Armando Dippet, who lived to be 355 years old. In a small way, I began to pity the beast because I understood how the beast felt. He wanted to live forever but didn't want to lose his magic, so he tried to find a different path, which was a sentiment I could understand. Perhaps, when I'm older, I will look into a way to become immortal or at the very least living a very long time. As I continued reading, I learned a lot of interesting factoids about vampire society. After finishing the book, I thought I had a good idea on how to proceed with Octavius. The book mentioned something called the blood oath. Apparently, it's the vampire equivalent to the unbreakable vow. Although there were some differences, if a vampire breaks their oath, they won't die, but most of their power would be stripped from them. Whereas if a wizard breaks the unbreakable vow they would die. One surprising detail was left out of the book, and that was how vampires are created, the author explained that the process is extremely secretive and vampires seem reluctant to discuss it. Curious about the other book, I noticed it was written by an ancient Romanian wizard named Van Helsing, who hated vampires with a unholy passion. In his book, he listed out dozens of spells, enchantments, potions, and strategies to deal with vampires. He also seemed bitter about the peace treaty that had been signed with the vampire, which forbade vampire hunting. Luckily the book explained that vampires had no immunity to magic; the main cause of concern was how fast they are. But the book gave several spells designed to counter their speed; there were even some really good ideas on how to deal with threats from multiple vampires in case you were in danger of being overrun. One of my personal favorites was the bottled sunshine potions, rather than drink the potion; you smash the bottle, and when the potion is released, a light brighter than the sun explodes out, disabling any vampires it touches, leaving them at your mercy. Finished reading the books, I began planning out my next move. Obviously, I could just tell the teachers about what I had found. But I doubt they will do anything about it, and I would just probably get in trouble for entering the forbidden forest. The teachers seem to have a strict hands-off policy when it comes to the forbidden forest. As long as the creatures in the forbidden forest stay away from Hogwarts, what does it matter that there is one more beast out there? Not to mention, I was wary of bringing myself to Dumbledore's attention; I preferred to fly under the radar for as long as I could. Although I imagine eventually, we will cross paths, and I was putting that day off if possible. Luckily, it seems it's rare pretty rare for students to cross paths with the headmaster. Even though I was concerned about coming to Dumbledore's attention, I wasn't afraid of him. In the books, it was made clear that he loved being a teacher, and he would do anything to protect his students. In my past life, there were those who believed that in some ways, he was just as bad as Voldemort in his manipulation. But I have always believed that for all his mistakes and manipulations were done with the best intentions. Being able to make the hard choices is what being a great leader is all about, and sometimes you must be ruthless if you want to achieve victory. ' Deciding that dealing with Dumbledore issue could wait, my mind turned to the journal I snagged. Opening it up, I was able to confirm that it was written in Latin, by comparing the words to a Latin language primer that the room provided, apparently since European spells are derived from the Latin language, it wasn't uncommon for some wizards to learn it,. Although it makes me wonder, I know for a fact that my aunt's spells are Arabic based, which implies that there are probably many cultures whose spells derived from different languages. I wonder if there are two identical spells out there but have different incantations due to being based in different languages. If there was, that would imply that language doesn't really matter in spell casting. It's just the medium used to activate the magic. On the other hand, it's also entirely possible that no two spells are the same, and they are different spells that just happen to produce similar results. Slightly annoyed that I didn't know the answer to this puzzling question, I made a mental note to peruse and experiment when I have the chance. Deciding that translating the journal by myself would take too long, I decided to bring Cedric, Anna, and Alicia into this. Hunting my friends down across the school took forever. Annoyed by how much time it took to track everyone down, I made a mental note to find a solution that would let us quickly find one another. Sitting across from me in the room of requirement, my friends were giving me curious looks, wondering what the impromptu gather was about. Not wanting to beat around the bush, I went straight to the point and said, "Earlier today, I went into the forbidden forest." After explaining everything that had happened during my trek into the forest, I noticed all my friends had different reactions, Alicia looked impressed, but considering she is in Gryffindor house, she probably thinks what I did was proper behavior. However, Anna looked far less impressed. While Anna was giving me the stink eye, I noticed Cedric's easy smile fade away, revealing a decidedly neutral expression. Glaring balefully at me and clenching her teeth, Anna hissed at me, "What were you thinking, you could have been hurt." Rolling my eyes, I waved off her concern and replied, "Well, nothing went wrong; it's fine." Interrupting me, Cedric neutrally asked, "Why didn't you ask me? You know I would have backed you up and gone in there with you." Shooting Cedric an apologetic smile, I replied weakly, "It was my mess that got me into this situation. I wanted to clean it up myself." Shaking his head in disappointment, Cedric replied, "Friends are supposed to count on one another, you can't do everything by yourself." Not about to let me get a word in, Cedric continued, "You were lucky today, what if the beast who lived down there was present. You don't know what the creature is; it could have deadly powers you know nothing about, and you could have easily been killed." Before I could come up with a counter argument, Cedric continued, "Did I ever tell you about my grandfather." Curious, I replied, "No," A sad look appeared on Cedric's face, after sighing he explained, "My grandfather was a curse breaker, he loved exploring ancient ruins and exotic locations. He was kind of famous in certain circles, he was very good at what he did, but that didn't save him. One day, he came upon some information leading to an old abandoned ruin. Curse breakers normally work in small teams, so if they run into a sticky situation, they have back up to help them. But my grandfather's team was busy and wouldn't be available for months. He didn't want to wait that long, so he went into the ruin all by himself, and was never seen again." Hearing Cedric's story about his grandfather killed any notion I had of defending my actions. Holding my hands up in surrender, I said, "I'm sorry. I made a mistake." Wanting to lighten the mood a bit, I added, "I promise, next time I explore a deadly place where I could die; I will make sure your there right alongside of me, that way if something goes wrong and we die, at least we die together." Cedric rolled his eyes at my joke and accepted my apology, but I could tell it really bothered him that I left him behind. Looking towards Alicia it looked like she was fine with how everything turned out. But, seeing Anna's narrowed eyes, I could tell she hadn't forgiven me, and I would be paying for my transgression. Alicia asked, "Did you at least find your ring?" Shaking my head, I responded, "No, I think it's trapped down there somewhere. My best guess is that the creature came across it in the forest and took it down to its nest." Pointing at the old leather journal on the table, I informed everyone, "This is the beast's journal I found in the abandoned study. I was hoping that by translating the journal, we could learn what he was up to and hopefully get information that would prepare us for an encounter with him." Eyeing everyone hopefully, I said, "I don't suppose anyone knows how to read Latin." My hopes were dashed seeing Anna, Cedric, and Alicia all shake their heads. Sighing I said, "Well, that was a long shot; it's going to take some time for us to get this journal translated." Cedric spoke up with a concern, "I don't think it will be very useful to have four people trying to translate 1 journal. Luckily Anna provided a solution to our problem, she had a self-writing quill that was enchanted to copy, but it would take a week or so for the pen to copy out 4 identical books. Concerned, I pointed out, "You know those things are forbidden at school; you could get in trouble." Winking and grinning evilly at me, she replied, "Only if I get caught." We spent some time in silence watching the magical quill write out copies. After a while we decided to call it a day and left the quill copying behind in the room of requirement. ... Author's note Sorry about the info dump on vamps. I know that some of the info on vamps is kinda basic, but you can only learn so much from a book. Alex will learn more when he interacts with them. Additionally, for the first time in my story I described Alex's view on Dumbledore. I know not everyone is going to agree with him and that's ok, but in this story it will be his interpretation of Dumbledore and I hope everyone enjoys it. Comment below with your thoughts.
The next few weeks flew by in a blur, and before I knew it, December was upon us, and Christmas break was rapidly approaching. Unfortunately, translating the journal was proving harder than I imagined, as my friends didn't have much time to help. It seemed like our teachers resented the two weeks we would be missing and were determined to force everyone to make up for the time we would be missing. One night I found myself pouring over the journal in the Ravenclaw common room. Sick of trying to translate the scribbled writings of a madman, I rubbed my eyes in frustration. Across from me I heard someone snicker, really annoyed at whoever was mocking my struggles, I turned and found Jessica sitting on the couch across from me acting all innocent. Scowling at her, I complained, "Stop distracting me, I'm trying to concentrate." Smirking at me, Jessica teased, "What's wrong? Finally, come across something you aren't instantly good at." Pointing towards the journal, I grumbled, "Oh shut up, you can't imagine how difficult this is." Jessica came over and sat next to me and asked, "What are you doing? That doesn't look like any of the homework we have to turn in. Unless you're taking a class I'm unaware of." Glaring hatefully at the journal, I replied, "It's not; it's a personal project. I'm trying to translate this old journal I found. It's been incredibly difficult to translate." Curious, Jessica asked, "What language is it in." Closing the journal in frustration, I replied, "Latin." Jessica's green eyes twinkled, and a delighted look appeared on her face. Shooting me a smug grin, she bragged, "Looks like I finally found something that I'm better at than you. I just so happen to be fluent in Latin." Wanting to defend myself, I argued, "I wouldn't necessarily say that your better at this than me; I just haven't learned Latin yet." Examining her pink fingertips like she didn't have a care in the world, she asked innocently, "Is that anyway to ask someone a favor?" Fighting an urge to strangle her, I had mentally weighed my desire to have the journal translated or telling her to stuff it. In the end, I decided that having the journal translated was more important to me. Sliding the journal over, I asked, "Do you think you could translate it for me." Leaning forward, Jessica carefully opened the journal and started perusing the journal. After a few minutes, I asked impatiently, "Well, can you understand it?" Flipping her long raven-hair to the side, she looked up and grinned mischievously, "Sure, but I seem to remember some a promise you made earlier in the year to help me out with my spell work. So, I propose a trade, I'll translate this for you, and you help me out with my transfiguration." Not seeing any issues, I replied, "Deal." Always happy to practice magic, I asked, "Want to get started right now." Beaming at me, she replied, "Sure, I'd love to." Not sure where to begin, I asked, "What do you even need help my help with? From what I've seen, you seem to be ahead of the rest of our peers." Jessica huffed and replied immediately, " Not as far ahead as you are." Jessica paused for a moment gathering her thoughts before saying, "I don't know? How about explaining how you don't seem to have any trouble when Professor McGonagall moves you on to a new object. When you moved on from matches to feathers, it didn't seem to faze you at all. Every time I move to a new object, it's like I regress back to the beginning, and it takes me awhile to get the hang of it all over again. How do you do it?" As Jessica grumbled, I considered her complaint before carefully responding, "I don't think I should be the standard that you compare yourself to. It's not really a fair comparison." Jessica's green eyes narrowed dangerously after hearing my response. Holding up my hand to stop her protest, I went on, "I'm not bragging, I just have a thorough understanding of my abilities. If you compare yourself to all the other students in our year, I'd imagine that you are one of the top students." Jessica's jaw clenched in annoyance, and she asked, "Are you going to help me or not?" Seeing how stubborn she was being, I decided she needed a small demonstration. So, I said, "It all comes down to the mathematical transfiguration formula." Pulling out a quill and some parchment, I quickly wrote out, T = (W*C/V*A)Z. Seeing the formula, she groaned, "Of course, I know the stupid formula. T is the final representation of the transfigured object. W represents your wand power, which is based on the individual traits of a wand, such as wood type, core, thickness and length, C is mental concentration, V represents viciousness, which represents the liveliness of an object, A is the mass of the object and Z is currently an unknown factor. We know it affects the formula, but no one has figured it out. Nodding in agreement, I said, "Exactly, that is what I use to help with my transfiguration." Jessica sputtered in protest, "But it's just a theoretical representation of the spell, it doesn't actually do anything." Shaking my head in disagreement, I said, "You're missing the point, while it's true you technically don't actually need the formula. It still gives you a good indication how much concentration and energy to use in the spell. Transfiguration is one of the most difficult branches of magic, it's not like the other disciplines at all, if you put too much energy in, or too little, and things can go seriously wrong with the spell. Not to mention the enormous amount of mental concentration that you need to have when picturing the transfiguration. Mastering the formula is half the battle because it lets you free up some of your concentration so that you can focus more on the actual transfiguration." Mulling over my words, she questioned, "But last week when you were given a new object, I didn't see you do any calculation." Raising my eyebrow at her, I asked, "Are you sure about that? Just how close have you been watching me." Her face reddened, and she sputtered, "I always keep a close eye on my competition, and I'm sure you didn't do any calculations." Knowing that she wouldn't be satisfied unless I revealed the truth, but also not wanting to crush her dream of outperforming me I gently said, "I did do the calculation, I just did it in my head, it only took about 20 seconds. I've always had a good head for numbers." Jessica looked shaken at my explanation, and after a moment, she replied weakly, "But, its not just a matter of doing the calculations. There is information that is specific to every object; you need to find before doing the calculation, like the mass, and the viciousness of the object." Shaking my head gently, I informed her. "Remember, the formula doesn't have to be exact, all the formula really indicates is how difficult the spell is going to be, and it's a good estimate on how much energy you need to put into the spell. So, when you're figuring out the mass if you're close that's fine, and I have been practicing estimating the mass of objects. As for figuring out the level of viciousness an object has. I have a near perfect memory, and there are books that give out the level of viciousness of all sorts of material. For example, let's say you're trying to transfigure stone; it's viciousness's base level is 1.5. Now having done all that, all I have to do is plug in the numbers and run the calculations in my head. That's why you don't ever see me calculating the formula in class." For the first time since I had known her, some of the fire left her eyes, and she hopelessly mumbled, "How the hell am I supposed to compete with that. I'm never going to be able to catch up." See her crestfallen expression made me sympathize with her. I knew she was under tremendous pressure from her parents to be number 1 in our class. Knowing that she needed a push, I said, "All you need to do is practice." She scoffed at me, and bitterly replied, "How is practice going to help me? There is no way I can do the formula in my head." Shaking my head, I replied, "Sure you can, when you were younger, and you start learning how to do basic mathematics, I imagine, you had to do the problems on parchment. But eventually, you got good enough to do it in your head. This is no difference, it may take you longer to get down, but if you do it enough, I'm sure you can do it." Mulling over my words, some of the fire came back to her eyes, and looking me in the eyes she swore, "Just you wait, one day I'm going to surpass you, and the top spot will be mine." Glad she was back to her normal self, I smirked and teased, "I'll be waiting." We spent the rest of the evening practicing; I was surprised how much fun we had. I love hanging out with my other friends, but they just don't have the same passion about learning magic, but I found with Jessica, a kindred spirit for discovering the deeper mysteries of magic. The next day I found my friends and told them the good news about Jessica being able to help translate the journal and that hopefully, she would have it finished before we left for the winter holiday. Alicia let out a sigh of relief and said, "Thank heavens, I have had enough of trying to translate the writings of a madman." Cedric silently nodded in agreement, but Anna narrowed her eyes and whispered, "You didn't tell her everything, did you? What makes you think you can trust her? She could give the journal to anyone." Defending myself, I said, "Of course not, I just told her it's an old journal I was trying to translate. Besides, she wouldn't do that; I bet you would like her, she is pretty interesting to hang out with." Anna's lavender eyes glared balefully at me, and she said through her gritted teeth, "I doubt it." I was a little confused about Anna's reaction; this was supposed to be good news. Just the other day, she was complaining about being forced to learn Latin on top of Arabic. Now we would have the journal translated in a couple of weeks, and she didn't have to do a thing. What was she so annoyed about? I sent a wordless plea for help towards Cedric; he always seemed to know how to diffuse Anna when she got worked up. Across the table, Cedric looked at me with pity, next to him was Alicia, who looked amused by the whole situation. Luckily, Cedric came to my timely rescue like the good bro that he was and quickly changed the subject to the upcoming quidditch match later today. He said, "So who do you think is going to win later today, Gryffindor or Ravenclaw?" Anna looked annoyed at the obvious change of subject, but before she could say anything, Alicia piped up and said, "Gryffindor, of course, we've got the best team." Shooting me a sly grin she added, Besides, you know Ravenclaw students are too busy with their noses in books, to be competitive quidditch players." Even though I knew Alicia was trying to get a rise out of me, I decided that her quip needed answering, Sneering back at her I said, "Oh ya, I'm surprised your dull-headed team can even find their way to the quidditch field." Anna, always happy to smear the Gryffindors, let go of her annoyance of the quick topic change and added slyly, "The best team? Didn't Slytherin flatten you guys earlier this year? I think that it is pretty obvious that Slytherin is the best team." Cedric wanting to defend the Hufflepuff team, shook his head and added, "I don't know if I would agree with you on that. I think that Hufflepuff might have a shot at the cup this year." Anna and Alicia looked at each other in astonishment, then simultaneously burst out laughing. A stubborn look appeared on Cedric's face, and he defended, "You never know, it could be their year." Shooting me a look of hope, he added, "Right, Alex?" It took all of my will power not to make a face at his declaration of a possible victory for the Hufflepuff team. For the first time in a while, one of my rules to live by flashed across my mind. Rule 51, always backup your bro, no matter what, even if he's delusional." Hoping that my friends couldn't tell that the big smile I had on was fake, I nodded sagely and said as earnestly as possible, "Absolutely, all that would have to happen, is for Ravenclaw, Gryffindor and Slytherin to lose the rest of their matches, Why Hufflepuff pretty much has the championship locked down. Anna and Alicia shot each other looks of confusion; they couldn't tell if I was serious or not. After a moment they both scoffed, and the lighthearted bickering continued. As I watched my friends continue arguing about who has the best team and who would win the quidditch cup, I couldn't help but smile and be grateful for the friends I had.
Regrettably, Alicia's words turned out to be prophetic, Gryffindor's team flattened Ravenclaw in the match. Later in the evening, while relaxing in the Ravenclaw common room, my roommates were lambasting the loss to Gryffindor. A loud thud rang out as Roger Davis slammed his hand down on the table and complained, "410 points to 60 points, how they hell did that even happen." A low rumble of agreement came from those who were in earshot. Perhaps the most disheartened was Ryan O'Connor, even though he was a muggleborn and new to the world of wizardry, he quickly fell in love with quidditch. In the muggle world, he had been a huge fan of football, and he had been skeptical of a sport played on broomsticks. But, after being exposed to the wonders of quidditch, quidditch had become his new favorite sport. Adding his thoughts to the matter, Ryan gloomily said, in his thick Irish accent, "I think that were going to come in last place this year, considering that we've already lost our first two games and only one more game to go." William Moore, perhaps the most level headed person in our four-man dorm, spoke up cautiously, "Luckily, we play Hufflepuff last, and we stand a good chance of beating them, considering that they're worse than us." Ryan melodramatically sighed and replied, "Knowing our luck, I doubt it." Ryan looked around to see if any members of the Ravenclaw team where nearby, before he quietly added, "What we need is some new blood on the team." Deciding to weigh in on the subject I said, "It's too late, their not going to switch member this late in the season. The best thing to hope for is for better members to try out next year. Right now, three of the players including the captain, are in their final year. That means there will be several spots open next year." Roger perked up and said, "I've been thinking, we've gotten pretty good during our private quidditch games. So, next year, I am trying out for the team, and you guys should try out as well." Ryan's face alternated between excitement and worry, concerned he asked,"I don't know guys, I haven't played the game a lot outside of the small pick-up games we've played." Not to be discouraged, Roger eagerly responded, "That's no problem; we just have to spend the rest of the year practicing and playing quidditch by ourselves." Hopping on board with the idea, William excitedly added, "Plus, during the summer, we can get together and continue getting better. By next year's time, we should be good enough for the team." They all looked eagerly at me, not wanting to burst their bubble. I turned my attention back to The Standard Book of Spells Grade 2. When out of the corner of my ear, I heard Ryan plead, "Come on Alex, you"re a great keeper, wouldn't it be amazing if we all got on the team and won the house cup." Knowing that I couldn't give them any hope or I'd never hear the end of it. I ruthlessly replied, "Not interested." Seeing my roommate's hopeful expressions fall, made me feel bad, but I was not changing my position, I loved quidditch, but not enough to waste hundreds of hours practicing. Not when my time was better spent mastering magic. Turning back to my book, I completely missed the mischievous look Roger gave the others. The following two weeks quickly passed by, and after many stern warnings not to use magic over the holidays, it was time to go home. The day we all got on the Hogwarts Express and headed home for the holidays was chaotic, everyone was excited, if not from the two weeks free of homework, then being excited to see their families. I couldn't wait to see my family; being separated from them had only made me more grateful for the family that I had been born into. As I watched the landscape blur by, I couldn't help but wonder what mischief the twins had gotten into and how they had been dealing with being educated by grandmother. I had found out first hand that while she may look sweet as roses, beneath her innocent smile lies a cunning old wolf. We finally arrived, and there was a mad rush of students trying to get off the train. Cedric, Alicia, Anna and I started slowly moving through the walkways when I heard Jessica call out, "Hey Alex, wait up." Turning, I saw Jessica slowly slipping through the crowd, and when she caught up, she handed me two journals. One really old, and the other brand new. Her face was slightly flushed from trying to catch up, and she whispered, "Here are your journals, I finished earlier today, but I got sidetracked on the train." She went quiet for a moment, before continuing, "I don't understand why you needed this translated, from what I could tell, whoever's wrote this was crazy and probably died a terrible death." In a quieter voice, she said, "I hope your not doing anything stupid. Some of the ideas in the journal would be dangerous and crazy." Not wanting her to be worried or suspicious, I told her the excuse I had prepared, I said, "It's just a project, I found the journal rotting in an old trunk I found in my Grandmother's basement. supposedly were related to whoever wrote the journal, and I wanted to show it off to her." Relieved by my explanation, Jessica relaxed, and we continued on. When we got off the train Jessica immediately saw her parents, waved goodbye, and took off. Cedric, Alicia, Anna and I decided to stick together until we found our parents. As the crowd thinned, I started hearing students snicker, and some of my fellow first years shot me looks of pity. A sinking feeling appeared in my gut as I started having a flashback to my mother's singing birthday letter. Muttering hopefully under my breath, "She wouldn't dare." Somehow Cedric, who was in front of me heard what I said, he turned, pointed his finger, and said, "I pretty sure she would." My eyes darted to direction where he was pointing. I groaned loudly, and I found my parents and my little sisters in the center of a small crowd. My little sisters were proudly waving a banner with my face on it, and with moving words that said, Welcome Home Alex! We Missed you! It was so ridiculously colorful that I was stunned into silence. After recovering from the assault on my eyes and dignity, I glared at my dad, who gave me a sheepish expression. Knowing that he wasn't to blame, I turned my glare to the one responsible, Mom. Unfortunately my glare seemed to bounce right off, and she pulled me into a hug. Trying to extract myself from her hug was like trying to escape from a very determined octopus. Finally, able to free myself, I found Anna grinning wickedly at me. "Ah, it's so nice to see a family reunite." Seeing the mirth in her lavender eyes, made a plan hatch within my mind, and I decided that I would have my revenge on her before the school year was over. She would never see it coming. In an effort to escape the embarrassing attention, I waved goodbye to my friends and quickly left with my parents. Once we had left the crowd behind, I ruffled Sasha's and Rebecca's dark hair, and I asked fondly, "Did you miss me?" Sasha, always playing the part of the good little sister gave me an adorable smile and immediately said, "Yes." Rebecca, on the other hand, pretended to think about it before snarkily replying, "Nope." Not missing a beat I shot back, "Well, I guess it's good that I decided to give Sasha your present as well." Unsure if whether I was messing with her, and not willing to chance it. Rebecca immediately backtracked, and latched onto me, saying pitifully, "Big brother, I missed you so much." She spent the rest of our trip home sucking up and trying to gauge whether she was getting her present or not. Dinner was served shortly after we got home, Lola, our house elf clearly delighted I was back served my favorite meal. However, during the meal, my mother began ruthlessly interrogating me about my classes. I came to the conclusion that it was highly likely that my mother had been a professional interegator in her past life. Eventually, my dad threw me a lifeline and asked, "How is life in Ravenclaw treating you." Thankful for the save, I answered, "I'm happy that I got sorted into in Ravenclaw, I guess the sorting hat really knows it's business." Dad smiled fondly and said "Well, after a thousand years of practice, I should hope so. So, tell me the truth where is your name on the board." Smirking, I bragged, "Number 1, of course." Dad gave me a high five, and I asked him a question that had been bugging me. "Dad, when you were in Ravenclaw, did you ever see any magic formulas hidden within the patterns of the wall and ceiling. I swear sometime when I'm not paying attention, I'll see something, but whenever I look closer, it's gone. It's been been bugging the crap out of me." Dad went still for a moment before he widely grinned and cheerfully said, "Can't say that I did, but you should follow your instincts. More often than not, they wont lead you astray." I shot him a curious look, the way he had worded that, along with his cheerful tone was strange. He didn't say he didn't know about it, but rather that he couldn't say that he did. His cheerfull tone and choice of words indicated that he knew what it was, but that he couldn't say what it was. The rest of the dinner passed quickly, and mom sent the girls to bed soon after. Deciding to call it a night, I headed up to my room to wait for the house to fall asleep. Several hours later when I was sure everyone was sleeping, I grabbed the translated journal and snuck out my window after casting the silencing charm on it. Apparently, Athena was feeling too lazy to fly because she hitched a ride on my broom, and she showed no indication of getting off. Tracking down the back entrance in the dark took longer than I anticipated; I hadn't been through this entrance in years. After paying the price in blood, the portal opened and sent me to the tower. Like last time, as soon as I made it to the tower, Anton began shouting, "INTRUDER, HOW DARE YOU BREACH THE INNER SANCTUM OF THE FAWLEY FAMILY. BEGONE, FROM THIS PLACE, OTHERWISE I SHALL DESTROY YOU." Hearing Anton scream the exact same threat as the last time that I came through the back entrance. I felt a moment of deja vu, knowing that the screaming and threats would only continue I called out while heading to the top floor, "Anton, It's me." Anton's voice went silent for a moment, before he questioned, "Alex is that you? Why didn't you use the main entrance?" After hopping on the platform that would take me to the top floor, I replied, "I'll explain when I get up there." I found the top floor just how I left it, with Anton's painting next to the giant hawk throne. As soon as I came into view, Anton's wolfish gaze bore into me, feeling his gaze, I couldn't help but feel like I had let him down. He had spent his last remaining years building and fortifying our land only to have his descendant lose the key to the place. Feeling guilty, I decided to stop beating around the bush. Looking Anton in the eyes I said, "I don't have the ring." A look of bewilderment appeared on his face, and he yelled, "What do you mean you don't have it? How can you not have it?" Too embarrassed to meet his gaze, I told him how I was ambushed by Micheal. When I got to the part about how Micheal pulled the ring off my frozen finger, Anton looked ready to explode, knowing that how the ring was removed wasn't the worst part. I went on and explained how it had been shot into the Forbidden Forest. It seemed as that was the final straw for Anton, he exclaimed, "Why didn't you attach a sticking charm to the ring. Everyone knows to do that that." Although I was somewhat annoyed at myself for not using such a basic solution, I grumbled, "Clearly not everyone know that because I didn't know. Why didn't you put a spell on the ring that would attack someone from taking it?" Snorting in derision, Anton replied sarcastically, "And what would happen if you had a child tug on the ring with curiosity." Wincing at the thought, I began to understand why their weren't passive attack spell preventing the ring from being taken off. Kids like to play with shiny things, and it would be all to easy for a kid to go after a ring if you were holding him and not being careful. Seeing that I understood Anton sighed and said, "It's a pity this Micheal didn't put it on, he would have been in a world of pain. But only an idiot would put on an enemy's ring." Curious at what would have happened, I asked, "What would have happened to him?" An evil grin appeared on Anton's face, and he gleefully replied, "Nothing to bad, just a little skin flaying curse I put on it. It moves really fast, it starts with the ring finger, and within a minute it would have traveled up the arm. After 5 minutes, he would have no skin left on his body." My stomach churned a bit at the description, and I asked, "Wouldn't I have gotten in trouble for that." If anything, Anton's smile grew larger, and he replied, "Nope, it has long been established that wizards have the right to defend their property, and should any wizards seize another's property, they are solely responsible for any and all curses that may affect them." Wagging his eyebrows mischievously, he continued, "When I was younger, I used to try to bait my enemies into stealing from me, they made such an interesting test subjects. Mahahaha." Seeing how his mood had lifted, I decided to break the rest of the news. I informed Anton, "Well, the good new is I know where the ring is located. The bad news is that it's guarded by a monster." Raising an eyebrow, Anton questioned, "Why don't you just summon the ring." With a frustrated sigh, I replied, " That's the first thing I tried, it's being prevented from responding to a summons. I found an underground wizard bunker of some sorts, while I was down there searching I found an ancient vampire trapped behind some circle wards. He said the year he was captured, was in 709, he's been stuck down there for over 1200 years. According to him, he was captured by a wizard who was experimenting with ways to extend his life, and that the wizard ended up turning himself into a beast." Whatever Anton had been expecting me to say, clearly me finding a cave with a beast and a vampire wasn't it. A solemn look appeared on Anton's face as he considered what I had said, after gathering his thoughts, he said. "Forget about the ring, it's to dangerous, and it's not worth it. Maybe when your a little older, you can retake the ring from the beast." Smiling at Anton's concern, I replied, "Don't worry, I not going to foolishly charge in and face the beast unprepared. That is how idiots get killed." Anton raised an eyebrow and said, "What is your plan?" Shaking my head, I replied, "I don't have a full plan yet, there is still so much I don't know about the beast. Once I learn more about the creature, I can plan accordingly, I even got my hands on the wizard's journal. Hopefully, between that and information I get from the vampire will be enough." Pulling out the translated journal, I sat down on the throne and started reading. ... Author's note So I want to mention the loss of the ring a bit, many people argued that Micheal stole the ring and that it was a crime, but he was very careful in not actually stealing it. He essentially threw it away. Similar to what Malfoy did to Neville. I hope I explained logically why Micheal was able to remove the ring without anything bad happening to him. Anyways, I hope everyone enjoyed the chapter. Comment below with your thoughts.
Opening up the journal, I decided to start from the beginning, hoping that I could gain an understanding of what the wizard had been experimenting on and what the beast guarding the underground fortress was. Day 1. Finally, since arriving on this godforsaken island, for the first time, I dared to hope for a better future. I found shelter, deep within the earth. When I found the cavern, I knew that this was where I would build my new home. Far from the wizard conclave in Rome, where the conclave sticks, it's nose in everyone's business. What a bunch of bastards they are, too rooted in tradition and afraid to push boundaries. Luckily, the wizard community on this island is rather clannish, and they seem reluctant to involves themselves in the affairs of others — what a refreshing change of pace. Finally, I can get some work done without some nosy wizards poking around. One day the conclave would regret banishing me, I would return and have my revenge for this embarrassment. I would make sure the name Aelius Sejanus was never forgotten. Day 32. I've finished building my stronghold, it's not much, but it will suffice. After contacting some of my old friends who didn't approve of my banishment, I informed them of my new location. Some of them were very interested in my work and have promised to continue to provide funding for my experiments Day 109. I caught an assassin sneaking around my fortress. Imagine my surprise when I found out it was a vampire. It claimed to just be in the area, but after some persuasion, the creature revealed the truth. It had been sent to kill me by one of the wizards who disapproved of my research. Having had the chance to study one of these creatures before, I was almost grateful to the conclave, for sending me a new creature to study. Day 154. Despite the vampire pleading otherwise, I am convinced that the vampire is a creature of death. Earlier today, the vampire had gotten particularly creative with its insults, and I'll admit that I lost my temper, and sent the death curse at it. Imagine my surprise when the curse didn't kill him. Curious if there were other spells that they were similarly immune to, I began experiment. Day 161. After a week of rather grueling tests, I found that vampires were not immune to many magics like I feared, to be precise, they were only immune to three spells. Curiously, they are the three spells wizards fear most. My current hypothesis is that the three spells only work on the living and since the vampire is an undead abomination, those particular spells have no effect. I took a break from reading the journal so that I could digest what the wizard had said about vampires. From what I understood, he had believed that vampires were undead creatures, but we now know that they are actually fact alive. I could understand how he came to that conclusion, the fact that they are seemingly immune to the death, torture and control curses is strange. Shrugging, I added this curiosity to one of the many things I wanted to study when I had learned more about magic. Turning back to the journal, I continued reading. Day 210. My repeated test on the vampire revealed many interesting results. One result I found myself fascinated with is their healing factor. I found, if given enough blood, vampires can regenerate amputated body parts. Day 300. The more I study this wretched creature, the more convinced I am that it is a failed project of some ancient wizard of the past. I scrounged up what is little known about their race and have found stories dating back several thousand years. However, it can be difficult to track these vampires; they tend to stay in the shadows and avoid scrutiny. Year 2, day 40. I've decided on my next project, Immortally or at the very least, extending my life expectancy. It will be my most stunning achievement. On a side, upon hearing my new direction of study, the vampire offered to turn me. As if I would ever accept losing my magic, I can't imagine any self-respecting wizard would give up their magic and turn themselves into such a lesser creature. But, what if there was a way to extend life and not lose one's magic. Everyone has heard a myth or legend of a wizard or two living longer than normal. If I can figure out a way, the whole wizarding world will remember my name. Year 5, day 200. After years of failure, I believe I have identified why people age. It seems that as people get older, the essence of particles that makes up a body begins to degrade slowly. If I can find a mechanism to restore a person's particles back to their original state I believe that I will have cracked the code of immortality. Pausing my reading, I mulled over what Aelius had written. Faint memories of my past life began to surface, what it sounded like, was that he had discovered when cells replicate, they aren't able to produce a perfect copy, and as people get older, the copy of their cells get worse and worse. Impressed that a 7th-century wizard was able to figure that out, I continued reading, curious at what came next. Year 10, day 52. After years of researching ideas for a potion that would restore a person's essence, I had an interesting idea. Aren't their a few magical creatures with long lifespans, it seems like nature has provided a way for these creature's particles to restores themselves. If I can find a way to harness that mechanism and combine it with my own essence, I believe that it would restore me to my prime. Year 13, day 200. I've located the perfect magical creature; it is a rare monster found in the deep within the depths of Britannia. The local magical community has known the creature by many names, but I believe that most of them call it a Grendel. It took years to track down and capture one because they are so rare. I believe that with their long lives they rarely breed, I was hoping to capture a pair of them, but just the one I have will have to suffice for now. It is a hideous creature, it's shape is humanoid, and it stands taller than most men, with coarse, wiry black hair covering its head. It's glowing yellow eye, stood out against its dark green skin. Its daggerlike teeth are designed to rend flesh. Defensive spikes cover portions of its body like it's spine, shoulders, and knees. Equally impressive, large razor-sharp claws erupted from its finger's tips. All in all, it is an impressive creature; I couldn't wait to dissect it. Year 14, day 1 After numerous tests, I've discovered many interesting things about the creature. Regrettably, my last test required me to put the creature down, but luckily, I believe it allowed me to locate what is responsible for the creature's long life and incredible healing factor. It has a unique organ located near its heart. This incredible organ constantly repairs the creature's particles to perfect condition. If I can find a way to harness this, I will have succeeded. Year 14, day 160 I'm almost ready, I captured another Grendel and was able to successful remove the organ while keeping it viable. I've sent word to my friends back in Rome, they're excited and have assured me that if this works, I can return to Rome with glory. In a few days, I will know if this last decade has been spent in vain or not Year, 14, day 165 It's done, I was able to merge the organ into my body. Even better, I seem to be physically stronger, and my magic hasn't been affected whatsoever. Looking in a mirror is all the proof I need to see that it's working as intended. In the morning before the operation, my hair had more grey in it than color, and my skin was full of wrinkles. But now, I've returned back to my prime, and I look like I did when I was in my 20s. I've sent word of my success to my colleagues in Rome; they have promised to join me in a few weeks. Year 14, day 172 Something has gone wrong with the operation, my skin has begun turning slightly green, and I can see a yellowish tint in my eyes. I need to figure out what is going on before its too late. Year 14, day 175. I woke up in the forest today, with blood spattered on my torn robes, I can feel, my teeth sharpening. It's becoming harder to think and my thoughts seem sluggish. I panicked and tried to magically remove the organ from my body. However, even after I removed it, it grew back, panicking, I cut it from my body like a muggle, but it seems like it's become one with my body. I contacted my associates, and informed them of the ongoing situations, they've promised to send help. Fearing that I may lose myself before they get here, I put on an unbreakable collar and bound it to the local area, so that if I go wild, at least I won't disappear from the area, and my colleagues can hopefully find me. I pray that they will be able to fix me, or at the very least put me out of my misery. Year 14, Day ? I don't know what day it is; I'm losing time, I checked my reflection again, and was no longer able to fool myself. I would say my transformation is well over halfway complete, and that I'm turning into a Grendel. What's worse is that I can feel my mind slipping away. I fear by the time my colleagues get here, there will be nothing left of the wizard I was. Unknown date Somehow, I was able to claw back to awareness, but I wish I hadn't, I found a set of bloody, torn wizard robes that smell of death. From the flashes I got when I smelled them, I got the sense that I might have eaten whoever they belonged to. I know that should make me feel bad, but for the first time in a long time since the transformation started, the hunger has finally been sated. Upon reading the last paragraph, I realized that it was the final entry in the journal and that it was probably the last time he had human awareness. While thinking about what went wrong, I came to the conclusion that the organ merged with the wizard and slowly subverted it's host until it was back in its original form, a Grendel. I was in two minds about the wizard; on one hand, he was brilliant in his own way, especially considering how long ago he lived. But on the other, some of the experiments he committed were terrible. I find it kind of ironic that he ended up turned into one of the creatures that he treated so terribly. Karma is a bitch. Deciding that I needed more information on what the strengths and weaknesses of a Grendel were, so I asked Anton, "Have you ever heard about a Grendel?" Anton replied unhelpfully, "Never heard of them, but the study of magical creatures was really never my thing. You can always check the library on the other floor." After checking the library and not finding anything, I called it a night. Hopefully, when I got back to Hogwarts, I could find some more information on the subject, which will allow me to make a plan to recover my ring, and if I can do it safely, free the vampire. After all, I'd imagine that the services of a vampire assassin might come in handy one day in the future. ... Author's note Just so everyone is aware, what was in the chapter was not 15 years worth of entries. I only put in what I considered necessary for the story. So in the future I may add some stuff to it. I hope everyone enjoyed the chapter. and like what the creature ended up being. Also side note, if you notice, I wrote conflicting stories about the vampires. That is deliberate, and as for vampires being immune to the big three, that is a plot ine that will be hashed out well in the future so don't worry about it right now. If anyone wants to see what the Grendel looks like to me, you should google Grendel and a ton of images should come up, there is one on pathfinder wiki that I really liked.
The following day, I made a list of plans and goals, I needed to accomplish over the holiday. First up was securing the other vanishing cabinet at Borgin and Burkes. If I could successfully retrieve it and move it to the tower, I would have a safe, secure, and undetectable passage into Hogwarts. I also decided that I would need a number of rather questionable items for a 12-year-old to purchase. Thankfully, in knockturn alley, they didn't ask questions if you had the money. I was familiar with the best stores to shop at, because of my trips there with my uncle. I bet he would be surprised at everything I had managed to glean from our little trips. Luckily, the one thing I wouldn't need to worry about was money. I'm glad I was born into a family that had wealth. The only reason why my parents even worked, was because not working would have been boring, besides when you love your job as they do, it's not really work. And while I believe that it's true that money can't buy happiness, it sure as hell makes life convenient. Knowing that everything I wanted to get could be costly, I dug into my considerable savings that had been growing over the years. I had been slowly saving the allowance my parents had been giving me for years. After counting everything up I had nearly a thousand galleons saved up, which should be more than enough for me to purchase everything I was planning on buying. When I got downstairs, I found a familiar scene with everyone sitting around the dining room table preparing for breakfast. Smiling fondly, I sat down and asked, "Dad, can I go with you to the workshop today." Looking up from the daily prophet, dad questioned, "Are you sure? I would have thought you would have wanted to stay home and relax for a bit." Knowing that I had a needed an excuse, I replied, 'I wanted to pick up a present for the twins. I didn't want to order it through the owl mailing service. Too much of a chance that the twins would try and discover what I was getting them for Christmas." Wagging his eyebrow, Dad enticed, "Well, I guess that means I can show you what I've been up too lately." Mom glared at both of us and accused, "I know what you're doing; you're just trying to trick him into liking enchanting over potion crafting." Dad shot a smug look at mom, and righteously defended, "Are you trying to prevent our son from buying his sisters present?" Hearing what was at stake, the twins glared at mom, silently advocating their thoughts on the conversation. Laughing at my mom's expression, I said, "How about tomorrow, we can spend the day in the potions lab, I can go over everything we did this past semester. Although, to be honest, most of what was taught, you had already shown me." Satisfied that she wasn't totally losing me to the wonders of charm crafting, mom reluctantly nodded her approval. I didn't have to heart to tell her that while I found potion-making useful and often underused by wizards. My heart belongs to the mysteries of charms and transfiguration. Later at the shop, dad took me to the back, where the real magic was done. Seeing all the interesting objects that my dad was working on lying all around the shop, reminded me of my plan for a communicator for all of my friends. I remember from the books that there were many different ways to go about doing this, nearly all of them consisting of different applications of the protean charm. I had looked into seeing if I could cast the protean charm, but it was well beyond my skill level for now. Dad saw me looking around his shop excitedly, and asked, "Anythin, in particular, that catches your eye." Looking up at him, I asked, "Could you make something for my friends and I to communicate with? With all of us in different houses, it can be difficult to track us all down if we want to get together. I thought it would be nice for us to have a way to signal each other if we wanted to meet." Dad stroked his chin thoughtfully and replied, "I assume that whatever method that you use, you would want all the device to be able to communicate with one another." Seeing me nod eagerly, dad let out an amused snort and teased, "You don't ask for easy things, do you? What are you thinking? A mirror communicator won't work; those only work with two mirrors, although I might be able to connect a few journals, where whatever you write in one, will appear in the others." Thinking about it for a moment, I smiled, remembering the golden coins that the DA army used to communicate with one another. I squashed a small feeling of guilt for ripping off Hermione's idea. Giving dad a smirk, I said, "Let's talk about coins." Dad loved my idea about the coins and promised to have them done by the time I went back to school. Luckily after promising I wouldn't take very long; I was able to get out of the workshop. I never got tired of going through diagon alley; there were always so many interesting stores to explore. As I made my way through diagon alley, I located the entrance to knockturn alley. The side street entrance was rather small and unremarkable. Knowing the type of people who did business in this shady alley would take advantage of any sign of weakness. I channeled my uncle's confident swagger and attitude and strode through the entrance. Some of the witches and wizards in the alley looked me over, seeing if I would be an easy mark. I glared back at them silently promising them that I would be more trouble than I was worth. When I made it to Borgin and Burkes the shop was just as dirty and dank as the last time I was here. When I passed through the doors, a bell announced my presence within the store. Looking around, I noticed that the store had no other customers. I heard Burke making his way from the back room. When he saw me, he scowled and said, "Come back when you're a little older boy." Glaring back at him, my hand brushed my purse that was holding my coins. A loud jingle indicated that it was full of coins, and Burke's attitude immediately changed, and his scowl was replaced by a sleazy grin. He asked, "What can I get you, young master wizard? We have many items I think you might find fascinating, many of them are unique and can't be found anywhere else in the world." Running my fingers along the dark wooden grains of the vanishing cabinet, I said, "Tell me about this cabinet." Burke glared hatefully at the enormous cabinet taking up space a lot of space in his store and gloomily replied. "Dame thing has been taking up space in my store for years. No one wants to buy one half of a set of vanishing cabinets." A thought occurred to me, and I said, "Why didn't you just go through and check out the other side." Burke snorted at me, and replied, "Let me give you some advice, don't ever go through a portal without knowing what's exactly on the other side, you'll live longer." I blushed, remembering I had done just that when I went through an unknown portal the first time I got inside my tower. Wanting to get on with it, I nonchalantly said, "I'll take it." Somehow sensing that I really wanted the cabinet, Burke eyed me thoughtfully. No doubt estimating how much he could charge me and get away with it. After a moment, Burke seemed to come up with a number and said, "400 galleons." My left eye twitched upon hearing the price, even though I had the money, it was well over what one half of a vanishing pair was worth. Countering his high ball offer, I offered a more realistic price and said, "200." After seeing the shark-like smile on his face, I knew I made a mistake when I had immediately countered. It seems he was just testing how determined I was to have the cabinet and when I countered, instead of protesting the price, it gave my intentions away. Once he was sure that I wasn't leaving without the cabinet, he refused to lower his price at all, and firmly replied, "400." I smiled, knowing that I had an ace up my sleeve. So, I sneered and said, "I'm surprised you're treating the family of a valued business partner this way." Burke's face scrunched up in confusion, so I added, "You should know my uncle." After pausing for dramatic effect, I continued, "John Fawley." Upon hearing the name of my uncle, Burke blanched, and stammered, "Ah, did I say 400, I meant 200." Ah, it's so nice to have an uncle with connections in the underworld. Sneering back at him, I replied, "150." Burke glared at me and said through clenched teeth. "Deal." Deciding that Burke was too useful of an asset to burn, I didn't push it any further. Looking around the store, I found a few other items that I thought would be useful in the future. From a set of unbreakable manacles, perfect for restraining a monster, to a cursed mask, that will haunt the subconscious of whoever's touches it. If you happen to touch it, it will try to drive you crazy, making you see things that aren't there. While this type of curse isn't difficult to break, it's tricky to identify; most wizards are reluctant to reveal that they are seeing things that aren't really there. I already had a nice target in mind. I was happy with everything that I found; I even bought a few potions that I was hoping would help me deal with the Grendel. Luckily, Burke also sold expandable bags that could contain everything I bought. Heading out, I nodded my thanks and made my way back to diagon alley. On my way back to my dad's shop, I remembered to stop by a few other shops, so I could grab presents for the twins. Later that night, when everyone in the house was asleep, I snuck out to the tower. After being bitten by the door yet again, I decided that I needed to learn how to perform the minor mending spell, and probably a few other healing spells as well. You never know when knowing how to mend broken bones or skin will come in handy I made my way to the top floor and removed the vanishing cabinet, and set it up against the wall. The levitation spell proved to be very useful in maneuvering the cabinet, considering it weighs probably over 200 pounds. Upon seeing the enormous cabinet, Anton's curiosity was aroused, and he asked, "What is that?" Smiling mischievously, I answered, "This is a solution to many different problems." Opening the cabinet, I stepped inside and closed the door, when I exited, I was back in the room of requirement at Hogwarts. It was still filled to the ceiling with stacks of objects filling up the room. These many objects must have been forgotten, lost or hidden by students over the last thousand years. One day, when I have time, I would need to see if there was anything interesting hiding in here. But, considering most of this stuff was left behind by students, I would imagine most of this crap is just junk, but you never know, I might find something interesting. When I got back to the tower, a wild grin appeared on my face, and I bragged to Anton, "Your looking at the owner of a secret passage into Hogwarts. This cabinet is connected to another inside Hogwarts. Now I can move freely between there and here." Anton whistled in appreciation, but cautioned, "Be careful who you tell, should any of the teachers find out, you can be sure they would destroy it, and they would be less than amused." Heading downstairs, I dug through the library, searching for any information on magic warding circles. What little information I found on the subject, warned me that I would need to find out how to bring down the spell in the correct order. Most magical circles, if breached, have a tendency to banish or destroy whatever is inside and around the circle. Hopefully the wizard kept notes or has the spell written down somewhere in the fortress. Otherwise getting the vampire out of the entrapment safely would be very dangerous, because I sure as hell wasn't risking my life for a stranger that I don't know.
The next day, mom dragged me into her potions laboratory and started grilling me on everything I had been learning under Professor Snape. After explaining to her about Professor Snape's sink or swim teaching method, she looked upset and scoffed, "That's is no way to teach potions to first years. I bet many of the first years haven't ever brewed a potion, especially the muggleborns. What your describing would be more appropriate for teaching older students, not 11 and 12-year old's." Shrugging, I replied, "It's not his fault that many of the students choose to spend their free time goofing off instead of studying and doing their homework. And while Professor Snape often hands out lengthy essays to those who fail, if they actually do the essay well, they will actually learn exactly why their potion didn't succeed and hopefully in the future will not make the same mistake." Sensing my my mom's disagreement, I hastily added, "I'm sure that there are probably better-teaching methods out there, but my understanding, is that the Hogwarts students who end up getting their NEWTs in the subject are some of the best potion masters in the world, probably only second to those who graduate with NEWTs from Castelobruxo, the magical academy in South America." Mom's face puffed up in preparation to argue whether Hogwarts or Beauxbatons produces better potion master, so in an effort to distract her, I asked, "How do you think potions should be taught?" Mom took a moment to prepare her thoughts, and a small smile broke out on her face as she sank into her memories and she fondly explained, "Potion making should be fun. Potions aren't like the other branches of magic. There are no fancy wand movements, or like lifting things into the air or transforming objects, mostly it involves hours of preparation and intense study. To get pupils truly interested in potions you must show them the joys of potion-making and all the wondrous things you can brew. I will never forget my first class on potion crafting at Beauxbatons, I was hooked instantly. My professor, crafted an invisibility potion, and the whole class was spellbound. Besides, as long as you're willing to put the time into it, potions can do pretty much do anything other branches of magic can do plus a whole lot more." I tried to picture Professor Snape doing the same, but I just couldn't imagine him utilizing such a soft approach. For better or worse, separating the wheat from the chaff was just Professor Snape style, he wasn't going to hold anyone's hand and help them along. Students either succeeded or failed, all on their own merit. From what I've witnessed, although Professor Snape is brilliant, I personally think he hates teaching students. More than once I've wondered why Dumbledore keeps him around. Considering that in the final book I read where Snape kills Dumbledore, I've consider warning Dumbledore that Professor Snape isn't what he seems, but considering how often Harry said the same thing, I'd imagine that it wouldn't do any good. Hell, it might not even happen now that I'm here. After I stop Cedric from being killed, who knows how different things will turn out. For now, I will just avail myself of having a knowledge potions professor and learn everything he has to teach me while watching him carefully. I should probably start looking into learning Occlumency, just in case. but from what I already know on the subject, teaching myself will be a pain and will probably take a year or two to learn. Christmas was a lively affair as it always was. I had always found it somewhat curious that wizards celebrate Christmas as it was originally a Christian holiday, and I don't think I've ever met a religious wizard. But as it turns out, wizards all over the world had been celebrating the winter solstice for thousands of years, and Christmas was just one of the many things that muggleborns brought with them into wizard society. So as time went on, celebrating Christmas just became the norm. Although I'd imagine in other parts of the world, they still only observe the winter solstice. I was pleased with what my dad had gotten me for Christmas, on top of the coins, he gave me a book on enchanting wards. Although some of the theory was still beyond my grasp, sooner or later, I would master it. Before I knew it, the two weeks were up, and it was time to head back to Hogwarts. I was determined not to let mom make an embarrassing scene again. I was able to convince them just to have dad take me. Because we got such an early start I was one of the first students who arrived on the platform. After I assured my dad that it was fine to leave me and head back, I got on board the train and waited for my friends to arrive. Cedric, Anna, and Alicia arrived one by one and stuffed themselves into our cabin. As the train began rolling towards Hogwarts, I closed the cabin door and informed everyone, "I know what the beast is." Everyone leaned forward in anticipation, and I pronounced, "It's a Grendel." Like me, Anna and Alicia had no idea what a Grendel was, but Cedric reacted when he heard what it was. He questioned, "Really, those things have been extinct for a long time." Hearing that Cedric had heard about them before, I asked, "What do you know about them? I couldn't find any information on them." Seeing how we were all wondering about where his knowledge came from, Cedric explained, "I'm not surprised you haven't found any information on them; they've been extinct for well over a thousand years. I've only heard about them in passing because my dad likes to study magical creatures." Eager to know more, I said, "Really? How did they go extinct?" Shrugging, Cedric replied, "From what I can remember, I believe that some Grendels did something to some important wizards over a thousand years ago, So the local wizard community decided to wipe them off the face of the earth. it wasn't very difficult. There weren't very many Gredels in the first place." Hearing the explanation, I thought a more likely explanation was that the wizards who had been in communication with Aelius, were responsible for the extinction of the Grendels. They probably wanted to continue the research, so they harvested the remaining Grendels. Considering it happened so long ago, the truth was lost to the sands of time. Seeing how difficult it would be to gather information on a species that was wiped out over a thousand years ago, we all agreed that the best bet would be to search the room of requirement for more information. After explaining that the Grendel used to be a wizard, Cedric and Anna looked slightly ill at the thought. However, Alicia calmly accepted what happened to the wizard, and informed us, "It's not that unusual, there have been many wizards in the ancient past, who experimented upon themselves with disastrous results." Before we arrived at Hogwarts, I brought out the gold coins and said, "So, I thought that it's kinda annoying to track everyone down outside of classes. Over the break I asked my dad to come up with a solution. Holding up a golden coin, I explained, "We can use these coins to signal each other to meet up." Pointing out that each coin had a letter indicating each house's name, I continued, "You can even signal a specific coin by selecting a specific house. There are also numbers that you can use to indicate a time to meet up. After you send a signal, the other coins will heat up, indicating that someone just sent you a signal. We can use the room of requirement as the designated meeting spot." Everyone seemed to like the idea of being able to send a request to meet up. We had all at one time, or another spent hours tracking someone down throughout the large castle. When we arrived, we took the carriages that were pulled by the thestals. I couldn't see them, but I knew from the books that they were there. By the time we arrived back at the castle, it was late, after dinner, we all split up and headed to our separate houses. Classes started up the following day, and in transfiguration, Professor McGonagall motioned for me to stay behind. Curious at what she needed, I waved Alicia on, indicating I would catch up later. Professor McGonagall took a seat at her desk and motioned me forward, as she tapped her fingers on the desk, she seemed to consider me thoughtfully. Seeing her stern expression, I gulped and prayed that she hadn't found out about any of my escapades. After clearing her throat, she said, "Mr. Fawley." Even knowing that she had a naturally severe expression, I gulped and said, "Yes." I slightly winced, hating that my voice came out like a squeak. Seeing how nervous I was, Professor McGonagall let out a small smile and said, "You know, it's rare for someone to pick up transfiguration as quick as you have. You're well ahead of your peers, and I think that you have learned how to transfigure all the inanimate objects I was planning for this year. Today, I sensed that you were slightly bored because you had already learned the technique." She paused, and for a moment I thought she was going to scold me, then she let out the tiniest hint of a smile and said, "Let's face it; you can only work the same piece of magic, so many times before you get bored. Really, the only thing left for you to learn this semester is what we cover during the last two months when we move on to live mice, I think you will find working on animals, a far more challenging endeavor." Seeing how I wasn't in trouble, I relaxed, and eagerly asked, "Does this mean you will let me start working on small animals like bugs and mice." Eyeing me thoughtfully, she replied, "While I was considering letting you move on to transfiguring mice, I'd like to point out an area I much rather you focus on." She picked up the staw that I had transfigured earlier into a knife and handed it to me and said, "You did a fine job on this earlier, the knife is completely metal, it's also functional, and if any of the other students in my class had been able to do this today, I would have given them an outstanding for their grade. But from you, I am expecting more; you have a real talent for transfiguration." She grabbed another piece of straw from her desk and silently waved her wand over it, and I watched as it also turned into a knife. Handing that knife over to me as well, she asked, "Do you see the difference?" I was shocked at finding the incredibly detailed patterns covering the knife's surface, I compared it to the plain knife I turned in and found it lacking. Looking back at Professor McGonagall, I said, "The patterns." Professor McGonagall nodded, indicating that I guessed right, and went on, "Indeed, Mr. Fawley. So, what I want you to start focusing on is working on putting detailed patterns into your work. It might seem pointless, but I promise as you get into more difficult spells, being able to work with such detail will help you one day become a true master of transfiguration." Curious I asked, "How do you know if someone is a master of transfiguration?" She smirked back at me and said, "Well the minimum to be considered a master would be getting an Outstanding on your NEWTs, and I promise you, wizards and witches who can achieve that grade are few and far in between. That's why I want you to start working on mastering the small and intricate details. Only by laying a deep foundation, will you be able to go far in Transfiguration." While I was slightly disappointed that she wasn't letting me work ahead, I sensed that she only had my best intentions and heart. Seeing my crestfallen expression, she added, "Seeing that you have mastered the material so far, I am giving you permission to practice your spell work outside of class time. However, should I get word of you practicing on new transfiguration spells that you have not been taught, there will be severe consequences." Getting the green light to practice transfiguration outside of class made me smile. Normally, they only start letting students practice transfiguration outside of the class beginning in the second year. There is just too much that can go wrong with transfiguration to allow first-years to do it. Although I will admit, it was nice to have official permission to practice without supervision. But, considering that I was already planning on practicing by myself, now that I had a good handle on my transfiguration, it didn't really affect my plans much. As the rest of the week moved on, I spent a considerable amount of time practicing working in patterns on the items I transfigured. To merely say it was difficult, undercuts the difficulty of what I was trying to do. As soon as I started working in complicated patterns, part of me understood why many choose not to try this until they were further along in their training. But I was rather determined, and I spent a lot of time, transfiguring object after object, determined that one day, I would become a master. As the weeks continued, I started counting down the days until the next full moon. It was almost time to return to the underground.
Thankfully, the night of the full moon happened on Friday, which according to the vampire, that would mean that the Grendel shouldn't be in the cave for the next couple of days. I managed to scrounge up several broomsticks from the room of requirement, and everyone met up at the lake early Saturday morning. Before we took off, I handed out copies of the map that Hagrid had given me to everyone and said, "Let's go over a few things in case something should happen while were in there. First off, in the case we get separated, head north, and that should bring you back towards Hogwarts." Pointing towards the smiling spider that Hagrid had drawn, I continued, "Next, under no circumstance should you go anywhere near this area. Finally, should you meet with a centaur, treat it with respect, they have been known to attack overly arrogant witches and wizards." As I continued to list out possible dangers, the mood began to shift somewhat, with everyone showing more serious expressions, realizing that our trip through the forest needed to be taken in the proper frame of mind. Before we left, I freed Athena from her collar, after stretching her wings, she took off into the sky. She was an impressive sight with the sun shining off her blue and silver wings. We all got on our brooms and took off after her. After twenty minutes of flying on the old broomsticks, we arrived in the general vicinity of the cave. Before we landed in the clearing, I twisted my wrist, activating my hidden dueling wand holster, which shot out my wand into my hand. Although Athena hadn't given any indication that something was near us, I wasn't taking any chances. Seeing me draw my wand, everyone else followed suit and drew their wands from their robes. I smirked as Alicia had to struggle to get her wand out, and teased, "You should really think about getting one of these. I know the other ones the room provided weren't in very good condition, but you can always order a new one as Cedric and Anna did." This wasn't the first time I had suggested getting a wand holster for her. But for some reason she dug her heels in on this topic, she argued that using a hidden wand holster would mean that she would have an unfair advantage over someone else, and she was confident enough in her own skill not to use one. Her attitude only solidified that the sorting hat put her into the correct house. It was a brave attitude, but in my opinion, also kinda stupid. When Micheal ambushed me, it taught me that the best way to approach a confrontation is to seek ever advantage to a fight. Even if the holster only gives a small advantage, it is one I will take. Before Alicia could argue with me, we heard a loud snap, as a branch broke. The snap was quickly followed by a panicked squeal and a thud as something hit the ground. Turning hastily towards the sound, I saw Athena lying in a pile of snow looking disgruntled. She had landed on a branch, but it broke under her weight. I tried not to laugh at the offended look she was giving the tree. Brushing the snow off herself, she launched herself at me, climbing up to her favorite perch, secure in the knowledge that at least I wouldn't be dumping her on the ground. Anna broke the silence by giggling, Athena turned her glare from the tree to Anna for daring to laugh at her misfortune. Anna needs to be careful; Athena can be quite vengeful to those who offended her. As we made our way through the snowy forest, the only sound we could hear was our muffled footsteps as we tramped through the snow. Eventually, we arrived at the cave opening, not about to let my friends be at risk; I took the lead. Raising my wand, I chanted, "Lumos." My friends followed suit, and the four illumination spells, lit up the pitch-black entrance, we slowly made our way down into the deep bowels of the earth. When we arrived at the cavern, I got a much better look at the place because of the additional wand lights. As everyone was looking around the cavern in curiosity, Anna pointed towards the Latin inscription above the entryway and asked, "What does that mean?" Cedric and Alicia both turned in curiosity to see what Anna was talking about. The inscription was one of the first things that I had translated when I had gotten the Latin language primer. Wanting to explain, I said, "Ego Voluntas Evinco Moriunyur, it means I shall conquer death. Aelius spent almost 15 years dedicated to that goal, and in a twisted way, he kinda succeeded, he is still alive 1300 years later. Although, if anything of his mind remains within the Grendel, I doubt that he is happy about it. Making our way into the fortress, I stopped at the entrance of the nest. The silence in the chamber was unnerving, we all strained our ear to listen for any hint of activity inside, but the only thing I could hear was everyone's breathing. After a moment, I decided it was safe to continue and entered the nest. Like last time, lamps lit up, illuminating the Grendel's home. Seemingly waiting for me, no sooner than I entered, Octavius hopefully called out, "Young wizard, is that you?." Ignoring the other doors that lead deeper within the fortress, I made my back to the door where Octavius was imprisoned. Opening the door, we all found Octavius pressed up along the boundaries of his invisible prison. I thought he looked worse than last time. Considering that I didn't return last month, he probably assumed the worst and had given up. From my previous life, I knew nothing was worse than being given hope only to have it ripped away. Upon seeing me, a demented grin showcasing his fangs appeared on his gaunt face, and he cried out, "I knew you wouldn't leave me down, young wizard. When you didn't show last month, I that feared you had decided to abandon me to my fate." Examining the complicated warding circles that kept him trapped, I shook my head and said, "Don't get too excited, I don't think we'll be able to get you out of there until we learn what spells are keeping you trapped." Even after hearing my words of caution, hope still shown on his face. After a moment, he seemed to realize that I wasn't alone and asked curiously, "Who else did you bring with you? Your master, perhaps." Shaking my head, I said, "No, just some of my friends. Besides, we don't have a master, the master, and apprentice-style of teaching died out over a thousand years ago. It was far too inefficient." Octavius's blinked his green eyes rapidly as he processed this new information. Perhaps he was only just now realizing that the whole world he knew was long gone. His face fell for a moment, trying to make light of his situation, he eyed my friends and teased, "Well, since you didn't bring anyone who could free me. I don't suppose you could bring me a snack." Even though I realized he was trying to make a joke about his situation. I couldn't stop the anger coursed through me, and I replied flatly, "I know your just making a joke. But, if you ever joke about eating one of my friends again. I will leave you to rot in this prison for eternity." Not understanding why I was so annoyed, Anna put her hand on my arm, trying to calm me down. Cedric and Anna had made great strides in learning Arabic but hadn't yet mastered it, so they didn't catch his joke. Alicia, on the other hand, understood it perfectly and sneered a challenge back at Octavius. Once I calmed down, I tried to imagine not eating for 1300 years. The idea was horrifying, so I added grudgingly, "If we end up not being able to free you, I will let someone know you are trapped down here. As for getting you some blood to drink, I have a few contacts that might be able to help." Faint hope appeared back in Octavius's eyes, and he asked, "How long do you think it will take to free me?" Shrugging, I said, "It depends on if we can find out what spells he used, once we know, then we can work on dispelling them." Anxious to be free, Octavius pleaded, "Can't you just wave your wand around, surely getting dispelling a barrier can't be too difficult." Not about to be rushed into doing something stupid, I explained, "That's not how it works, there are hundreds of ways to contain something inside a ward. Each one would have a specific way to deactivate it, and if we go poking around, we could make the situation worse." Grumbling bitterly, Octavius mumbled, I don't see how it could get worse." Rolling my eyes, I scolded, "Oh, stop complaining. We're going to go look around and see if we can find anything useful." Turning to my friends I said, "Alright, we have two objectives we need to accomplish quickly, just in case the Grendel comes back from his hunt early. First, we need to find my ring. Second, we need to look for any books down here. Hopefully, one of them will describe what was used to imprison Octavius." Alicia looked a little too enthusiastic after she heard about the possibility of the Grendel returning. She eagerly said, "How about we just fight the Grendel, that way, after we defeat it, we'll have all the time in the world to search this place." After considering her idea for a moment, I shook my head and said, "It very well may come to that, but I would prefer to gather more information about the capabilities of a Grendel unless we have no choice. Besides,choosing to engage with a creature we know nothing about sounds like a recipe for disaster." I tried not to laugh as Alicia looked bitterly disappointed at being denied a chance to fight the Grendel. Apparently, she had been looking forward to challenging the Grendel; I'm beginning to think that wanting to fight monsters might be a prerequisite for being in Gryffindor. Before we left the room to begin our search, Octavius called out ominously, "Take care in exploring the lower level, the wizard set up a strange enchantment. If you get caught in it, you will be frozen forever, and the only way to make it through safely is with the wizard's bracer." Upon hearing his warning, a sinking feeling welled up inside of my stomach. I just knew that finding my ring was not going to be easy. That stupid Grendel probably found my ring in the forest and went and put it behind the barrier, which would explain why it was unable to be summoned. "I don't suppose you happen to know where the bracer is?" I asked, hopefully. Octavius replied unhelpfully, "Sure, the last time I saw it, it was on the right arm of the beast." Of course it was, nothing could ever be easy. I stubbornly held out hope that my ring wasn't behind the magical barrier Octavius had mentioned. So, we started the search in the main nest area, and I was determined not to miss a thing. While a thorough search revealed many interesting things, such as, ancient spells books, notes detailing Aelius experiments, old potions bottles containing who knows what, and I was pretty sure the strange organ I had found last time in the dust room, was one of the original Grendel's organs Aelius experimented with. Planning to sort everything out later, we started bagging up everything we thought could be useful or interesting. Finally, I was forced to admit that my ring was not on the main floor, and we would need to descend to the next level. Opening the only door, we hadn't searched revealed an unlit stone staircase leading into darkness. Similar to the main floor, when we entered, torches bolted into the wall lit up, exposing the stairwell. Curious at what we would find, Anna brushed past me, wanting to be the first downstairs. Following closely behind, I ran into her when she stopped suddenly at the last step. Before I could ask her why she stopped, I saw what had surprised her. Across the room, were chunks of precious metals like gold and silver, that looked like they had been pulled from the earth. Other strange objects also decorated the room, like wood carvings that had been shaped in strange patterns. I even spotted my ring placed carefully among the objects, whatever all this was, it was clear that the Grendel prized all of these things dearly, every object looked like it had been reverently placed and well cared for. In the middle of the room was a stone stalagmite growing from the rock. It was decorated with organic geometric symbols, and embedded at the top was a glowing, chipped stone that was constantly shifting colors. Something about the stone bothered me; I was sure I had read something about a stone like this when I was young. While I was going through my memories, Anna took a step forward off the stairs, transfixed by the scene. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a moth unmoving in midair, almost like it was frozen in time. I suddenly remembered what I had read all those years ago. Horrified, I stepped forward and grabbed Anna, pulling her back towards me. I took a quick step back towards the stairs pulling Anna along. As soon as we got back to the stairs, Cedric and Alicia were waiting for us with panicked looks on their faces. Anna, not really understanding what was wrong with everyone, asked curiously, "Why is everyone so panicked?" Pointing back towards the chipped glowing stone, I explained in disbelief, "That's a chrono-sphere, otherwise known as a time stone, they are unbelievably rare. Wizards have only ever found a handful of them throughout all of history." Looking back towards Cedric and Alicia, I asked, "How long were we stuck in there?" Cedric tersely replied, " Around half an hour, had you been much longer, we were going to get the headmaster." Anna asked, "What do you mean we were in there for 30 minutes? It was more like 3 seconds." Correcting her assumptions, I explained,"Time gets a little funny around time stones, you see those geometric symbols. I think those are an enchantment which is boosting its effects. My guess is that the distortion effects get worse the closer you get until time is almost completely frozen There is a moth above the stone, I bet that it has been trapped in there for centuries completely unaware that time is moving so slow it might as well be stopped." Realizing how close she had come to disaster, Anna shot me a grateful look and said, "Thank heavens that you were close enough to stop me before I got any closer. I can't imagine what would have happened to me if you hadn't been so close and responded so quickly. I could have been trapped in there forever." Scowling at the thought of Anna being trapped in a time field, I responded, "Not forever, only long enough for me to track and kill the Grendel." Looking at my trapped ring, I completely missed Anna's face, reddening at my fierce declaration. After considering my ring for a few moments, I said, "I bet you all, that the missing chip in the time stone is in the bracer that Octavius mentioned. I imagine it lets him pass through unobstructed, which means the only way to get my ring back it to get ahold of the bracer. Alicia, it looks like your getting your wish; we're going to have to go Grendel hunting. ... Author's note. Before any ask, I want to state that there will be no time travel shenanigans in this fanfic. Why? Because time travel ruins everything
