Hi, this is my new Draco Malfoy/Hermione Granger fic. It was prompted to me on tumblr, and I put a big dent in this over the month of November, so it will be updating weekly since I'm so far ahead. There will be angst in this story, more angst than I've written in others, I think. I'm so grateful for my friends who have encouraged me, and helped me craft this story even when I wasn't sure that I liked it. All of my love to mcal, dreamsofdramione, and Frumpologist. I'm not sure what I'd do without you. Mostly edited by myself, so all mistakes are my own. Ripping the zipper of his rucksack into place, and nearly causing all of its contents to spill out, Draco shot a glare at the man hovering at the foot of his bed. If you could call it that. The bed the inn had given them felt more like laying on a bed of fucking nails, and no amount of transfiguration would change that. "You're hovering." He muttered, reaching for his wand. "Have you been hanging around Molly Weasley too much lately? I thought you were after her daughter—" Potter's eyes sharpened. "Ginny and I aren't—" "Together," Draco filled in sarcastically, rolling his eyes. "Yes, I'm well aware of your sexual escapades. You and the female Weasley aren't dating anymore, but you can't help shagging each other stupid." "I wouldn't put it that way." Draco paused, his bag falling to the bed. "Really?" He asked, arching an eyebrow. "You wouldn't put it that way? Well, I would since she's always in our flat. I've had the displeasure of seeing your arse more than I would like." Their previous conversation plummeted off the rails, which was what Draco wanted, and Potter went straight for the bait. "You're the one who never knocks." "You need to learn how to use a locking charm, or for that matter, a silencing charm. Put a sock on the door for all I care." Slinging the rucksack over his shoulder, Draco slid his wand into the holster strapped to his forearm, below his sleeve. "I'll be back." Harry side stepped in front of him, shaking his head. "Malfoy, don't do this. You got the same memo as I did. Robards wants us on that portkey in an hour. There's nothing to find here, nothing but—" Pushing past him with a slam of his shoulder, Draco spat, "Nothing but ghosts?" His features shifted toward pity, and Draco took another step. "If she were anywhere, she would have found her way back to us." Potter murmured, raking his fingers through his hair until it stuck in all different directions. "Hermione would have come back to you. We've been over this." Pausing at the door, and tracing where it was splintered, hair fell into Draco's eyes. "Spare me the speech. It's nothing but a monologue with you, and I've heard it enough." The floorboards creaked under their combined weight as Draco made his way down the rickety set of stairs, and his partner rushed after him two steps at a time. "I'll meet you back at the Ministry after I'm done." He'd reached the lobby before Harry's hand clamped down on his shoulder and ripped him backward. Draco jerked away from him, a sharp insult close to rolling off his tongue. "You may have stopped searching, and I get that, but I'm not going to stop. Not today, not tomorrow, and certainly not any day that follows." Harry shifted his weight, his hand limp at his side even though it twitched toward his wand. "She wouldn't want this for you." His face fixed into a mask, Draco didn't say anything beyond that. It was always the same. He searched for her—and would continue to do so no matter how many years passed—and Potter attempted to help him move on. Move on. That was what he was supposed to do, Draco understood that very well. His mandated shrink during his parole after the war, and now as an Auror, had made it crystal clear how unhealthy it was to hold on to someone who was gone. And Granger was gone. There was no mistake about that. He'd watched it with his own two eyes during the Final Battle as his aunt turned her wand, and Hermione vanished in an explosion of magic that Unspeakables still didn't understand. No one did, no matter how many galleons he promised to dole out if they could. But there wasn't a body, and until he found one, well, surely that meant there was a chance he'd find her walking around. Alive. Only there were a million things wrong with that, and Potter would list them if he was allowed to. She would have never left us, Malfoy. Not you, not Ron, not me. Not everyone who loved her. That didn't change the fact that the inn keeper had recognised her. It might have been the smallest shred of recognition, and it might be another useless dead end that sent him into a spiral, but it was there. His hair hung in front of his face, void of gel, and the file in his rucksack weighed more than all of its contents combined. "I'm going," Draco repeated, the toe of his boot dragging along a crack in the floor. "Catch the portkey, and I'll meet you at the Ministry when I grab the next one out." His partner groaned, knotting his fingers in his hair. "What do you think the chances are that she's here? Honestly?" Refusing to meet Potter's eyes, Draco contemplated stunning him so he could walk away without an argument. Each second they spent quarrelling was another second he lost. "It might be nothing. Is that what you want to hear me say?" He snarled. Draco turned on his heel, and stormed out of the inn, leaving the door banging against the wall in his wake. "Malfoy!" Leaves crunched beneath the footsteps that followed him. "I'm not your enemy here. If you say there's a chance, then we go. I'm in." Draco watched him, his glare sharpening as Potter blinked several times. "I thought you were worried about Robards." "He wants us on another mission by this time tomorrow," Potter grumbled as he fell into step beside him. "If I go back alone, he'll be that much more difficult when you land in the DMLE. If it's both of us—" "I don't need a keeper." "Then he'll let it go sooner. We're partners." When Potter had said he was in, it apparently came with the stipulation of carrying on a conversation that Draco didn't want to have. Neither did Harry, not when they'd had it already so many times before. "We've looked everywhere," he began quietly, and a branch snapped below his boot. "We followed down your lead, and no one here recognises her photograph." Draco released a heavy breath, staring down at the well worn photo in his hand. It was a moment frozen in time. He remembered it well, the safehouse in the middle of the war they'd spent far too much time after the raid on Malfoy Manor. His jumper slid off her shoulders, a tad too large on her delicate frame. She was grinning. At him, at something he'd said. Draco couldn't even remember what it was anymore. Back then, they had been living as if each day could be their last. From the start, he'd never imagined being trapped inside of a safehouse with her after destroying horcruxes went to shite. For all their talk of living like each day would be the last, he'd never expected to lose her. She was so inherently good that— "It should have been me." Potter sucked in a sharp breath and laid a hand on his shoulder. "No, it shouldn't have. You can't think that." "Anyone who knows about the two of us thought that." Draco countered, crushing a leaf under his foot. "You must have too." His counterpart stiffened, and it was all the answer Draco needed. "Wait." Harry shook his head. "When Hermione disappeared, I wanted her back. I would have given anything to make it so, but I wouldn't have sacrificed you for it." "I can't keep doing this. I search for her everywhere." "I know." Chewing his lower lip, Draco admitted, "I see her everywhere." Harry bumped shoulders with him. "You're allowed to miss her, forever if you want. At some point though…" He trailed off. "You have to accept that you're not going to find her. It's been six years." Draco knew that. There were only so many reasons Hermione wouldn't have returned, and none of them were good. "She wouldn't have given up on me. It's about bringing her home, even if it's not in one by whatever means necessary." Harry dragged a tired hand down his face. "You don't sleep." He opened his mouth, only to be cut off. "We've shared a flat for three years. I have to admit that I've enabled this behavior, but you can only go so far before you don't come back. You ask about her in every city we visit. I know how much you loved her, but—" The wind ripped past them, and Draco drew his jacket tighter around him. "Potter, wait. Do you see that?" He pointed up the hill, his eyes narrowing as his chest tightened. "That looks like—" "For Merlin's sake!" Harry snapped, his eyes flashing. "I know what you're thinking, and no, it's not fucking possible. Crookshanks wouldn't be in France." Draco's hands balled into fists inside his pockets as the large orange feline strutted down the hill, his tail swishing behind him. "It would make sense. Granger never went anywhere without that blasted beast, and I'm as certain as I can be that Crooks isn't in England, and neither is she." Potter turned away from him, muttering obscenities under his breath. "You're going to drive yourself mad with this. Hermione is dead." He hissed, poking a finger into Draco's chest. A soft meow drew Draco's attention, and he stared at his feet. The Crookshanks lookalike slithered between his legs, nuzzling his ankles. "Fuck you." "Malfoy, I'm worried—" "Stuff your worry up your arse." Draco knelt down, smoothing a hand down the cat's back. "Who are you?" Another meow answered him. "You're just as bushy as you ever were." "Malfoy—" "Are you still here?" Harry huffed. "You need to look up right now. I think you might have been right about something." Draco's head snapped up while small, razor like teeth nipped the end of his finger. "I don't," Draco wheezed, eyes widened as it felt like the wind had been knocked out of him. "I don't understand." The cat rolled onto his back, exposing his belly and there was a jingle from his collar. With shaking fingers, Draco reached down to turn over the little bronze tag on his collar. Crookshanks Under a set of normal circumstances, he would have gloated over Potter. He'd been right after all. This was the same half-Kneazle for an affinity for his trousers and covering them in hair. However, he couldn't find his voice as a little boy ran down the hill, calling for Crooks. A little boy with white-blond hair and pointed features boasting an all too familiar smirk when his eyes landed on Crookshanks. He wasn't sure how he managed to stand upright as his vision swam. Meeting Potter's wide eyed stare, Draco forced himself to accept the fact that he wasn't imagining anything. "Is this your cat?" Draco swallowed, and his voice was raw. "I believe he may have gotten lost." That's—This is— "He likes to run down the hill. We were up there." His voice was small, childlike. Of course it's fucking childlike. What would you expect? He can't be older than five. He waved a handful of flowers around. "I was picking these for Mummy. Her birthday was last week, but I think she forgot. Mummy forgets things sometimes." His lungs were going to collapse. Nearly certain of that, he looked to Harry while the child cooed at Crooks. Hermione's birthday had been last week, a night he'd spent locked in his study with a decanter and no glass in sight. Draco was going to throw up. He was going to— "Mister?" —stay calm. "Yes?" Draco croaked. Slate grey eyes peered up at him curiously, and a bundle of flowers remained in the boy's right hand. "Crooks hates strangers." Draco nodded just as Crooks hissed at Harry, glaring while hiding behind Draco's legs. "I suppose I'm just lucky that he likes me." He swallowed again, his chest threatening to crack open. "Do you mind if we see you home? I would wonder if you've gotten lost." He shrugged. "If you like." His accent wasn't heavily British, Draco notices, but it was there. "Follow me." As Potter's eyes connect with his, Draco wondered why it was that a little boy would be so welcoming to a pair of strangers. Not that they looked like deviants, but Draco had to admit they both appeared to be rough around the edges. It must have been due to the atmosphere of a small town where no one was a stranger mixed with the childlike ideology that anyone can be trusted. The end of the thought left Draco reeling. Crooks dutifully stayed close to the boy, occasionally turning to look back at Draco. The street veered to the left, leading them away from closely clustered shops and into a neighborhood of quaint homes. With a literal bounce in his step, the boy called, "This is our house. Oh no." "Scorpius!" The voice cracked through the air like a whip, and the way Potter froze mid step didn't escape him. It was motherly, strict, and authoritative, but all her. It was all Granger, and the ground below him threatened to give way. Draco's hand shot up, colliding with Potter's chest hard before he could run forward. Potter returned the move in kind by squashing Draco's foot. "That's Hermione." Draco didn't need anyone to tell him that. Fact of it was that several things slammed into him at once. She was alive, fawning over who Draco can only assume is her—their—son. While she looked so much of the same, he noticed the subtle differences between the woman in front of him and the girl in the picture crinkled in his pocket. There were lines from where she'd laughed, and a tiny scar at her right temple that sends anger unfurling down his spine because he knew it hadn't been there the last time he'd seen her. Granger's hair wasn't as wild anymore, just curly, and halfway tied back while the rest framed her face. She wore makeup, a thin line of black that made her eyes stand out. Luckily, she didn't notice his staring. His name was Scorpius. A constellation. Draco. Scorpius. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Scorpius had white blond hair that glints under the afternoon sun and a sharp jab from Potter's elbow signaled that his Auror partner was thinking the same thing as him. He needed to say something, he realised as Granger lifted her head, and granted him a smile. "Hello," Draco managed, both syllables feeling like razors as he did. "We were worried your son would get lost. I hope it's not a problem that we saw him home." Scorpius swayed on his feet, a wide smile stretching his cheeks as he pressed the flowers into her hand. The corner of her lips twitched. "It's no problem at all. Scorpius isn't supposed to wander." She shot a warning look toward him, and Scorpius rocked back on his heels. "But he doesn't like to listen." Potter snorted. That sentence had to be the only thing that could sum up her years of Hogwarts. "A constellation?" Draco asked, unable to help himself. "That's interesting; I was named after one as well. Draco." He introduced, holding out his hand. She was warm, and he'd been cold since she vanished from just a step away from him. . Hermione laughed, tucking her hair behind her ears. "Yes, I had an unfortunate accident, so I don't remember, er, the beginning of my pregnancy." Each word was like a stunner to the chest. "However, from the day I woke up, that was the name I'd settled on. I suppose it was so important that it stuck." He was going to vomit. There had been a sleepy conversation toward the end of the war as they were trapped in a safehouse as the world burned. They'd joked about curly headed blondes with a terrible sense of justice. He could remember being selfish enough to want it even though she deserved more than any life he'd ever be able to give her. Still, the memory was as vivid as the rest of them. Scorpius, he'd said as she traced the Sectumsempra scar that stretched across his chest. "That's a terrible thing to hear." Potter interjected, extending a hand. "Harry, nice to meet you." "Scorpius told is it was your birthday last week. Happy belated birthday…" Draco trailed off, allowing the words to hang in the air as if he didn't know her name, and everything about her, only added to the turmoil rolling in his gut. She supplied, "Hermione, and thank you." He couldn't help himself from continuing the conversation, uncertain of whether he'd be able to walk away when she did. "Interesting choice. Shakespeare, or the Daughter of Troy?" Unsurprisingly, Potter only looked confused by the question. She faltered, her eyes widening at the comment, but then she grinned. "Shakespeare, I'm sure," Hermione said. "The Daughter of Troy fled, which was quite brave, and I'm the complete opposite." "Mummy, is it time for lunch?" Scorpius tugged on the hem of her jumper. "Could we invite them?" She looked from her son to them. "If you'd like to, we have the room." Hermione breathed, a smile curving her lips. Potter swept in, his wand digging a hole into the small of Draco's back. "We can't, unfortunately. We're due back in England, and we're about to miss our flight." Harry explained easily. "Thank you—" "Just a question," Draco interrupted. "Before we go, I'm actually looking to move here. Are there any homes available for sale that you know of?" "What?" Harry hissed under his breath. She didn't think him odd at all, which was fortunate. "Just the home across the street and down a way. It's been abandoned for over a year." Draco nods. "Thank you. It was lovely to meet you both." Each step that carried him away from them felt like blocks tied to his feet, but Potter didn't give him the chance to turn around. "Look. I know you want to run in there half-cocked, but we don't know what we're dealing with. We need to get back to the DMLE and talk to Robards." Draco knew that. "She's alive." With a short flick of his wand, Potter enshrouded them in a silencing charm. "She had my son." Harry dipped his head, weakly nodding. "Yeah, she did." Draco's knuckles were a stark white as he sank to the ground, his hands clenched, and he imagined his face looks just the same. "That's my son. That's Granger, and she doesn't remember me." Harry's words were far away as he pulled at the grass, hot tears stinging his eyes. Hermione Granger, Gryffindor Princess, literal Golden Girl, not brave? It's the most ridiculous thing he's ever heard. Soooo, that's the first chapter. I'd love to hear what you thought. You can leave a comment here, or you can always pop into my ask box on tumblr at mrsren96, where you can remain anonymous as well if you prefer! Thanks for reading, I'll see you next week! Have a good week/holiday/weekend.
I'm supposed to update on Tuesday, but I know work will keep me busy so I'm giving you this update a few days early! I am so shocked and humbled by the massive amount of support for this story. I really don't know what to say, but thank you so much. Thank you to mcal and dreamsofdramione for pre-reading. Edited by myself, and I did have to switch this entire chapter from present tense to past tense, so if you see that error, it's my fault too. I hope you enjoy chapter two! Head Auror Robards had never been the sort of man Draco wanted to cross, even though most of his time was spent irritating his boss within an inch of his life. His fingers still shaking, he paid careful attention to each sound echoing in the DMLE. He lingered on each footstep, all of them too light to belong to Robards. Unclenching his fist, and his jaw, Draco looked at Potter while he paced a hole in the floor outside Robard's office. "He's been gone for an hour. What's going on?" Harry's eyes were bloodshot, and he shook his head while bouncing his knee nervously. "I don't know. He's probably talking to Kingsley. It's a significant break in a closed case." "Clearly they never should have closed it," Draco hissed. Her file was heavy in his hand, a thick manilla folder detailing everything they knew about her: her early life as she lived as a muggle, her records from Hogwarts, her role in the war. Every stage of her life, every accomplishment, every move she made was written in plain black and white-an entire life boiled down to nothing but facts. "She's alive." He whispered, still afraid to fully believe it. Harry nodded. "I want to tell Ron, but I can't." Robards had made it clear. The discovery in France was on a strict need to know basis, and even Weasley didn't make the cut. Draco leans against the wall, his forehead meeting the cool metal of the door frame. "We'll tell him the second we can, Potter. Don't let your guilt eat at you." Heavy, familiar footsteps echo from down the hall, and Draco's head snapped up. Robards stood there, weary eyed as he looked them over. "Didn't I tell you both to go home and get some sleep?" he rumbled, closing the gap in the corridor as he nudged his door open with his boot. "With all due respect, sir," Draco said as he stepped inside, "I'm not going anywhere until I know something about Granger." The office was pristine, complete with white walls, and a row of photographs of Robards' family on the shelves. Draco had seen it several times over the course of his reprimands. Recognising the faces of the man's family made him think of what could have been his own. Hermione, Scorpius, and even that cat that liked him so well. "I want to go back to France. I'm putting in a notice of leave." The man fell into his chair, shaking his head. "Auror Malfoy, you're not going anywhere near that village until we've had the chance to conduct surveillance. For all we know, this is an imposter—" Harry winced at the words. For what it was worth, Draco didn't explode how he's sure Harry expected . Bracing his hands on the edge of his boss's desk, he leans forward as his lips flatten into a thin line. "That's Granger, and that boy is my son. I know it's her." A heavy sigh filled the air. "I know the possibility of it being someone else is slim to none, but it's an avenue we have to explore in this investigation because no one's seen Hermione Granger in five years," Robards began. "Which is strange, considering her disappearance." "She's clearly been Obliviated!" Draco snapped. "She has no memory of our relationship. She didn't even recognise Potter, for fuck's sake." "We should hear what he has to say," Potter murmured, bumping Draco's shoulder. "We know it's Hermione, so we need to let the Ministry prove it." Draco bristled as Robards clasped his hands and hunched over in his chair. It's a stance both Aurors have seen over the years, but for once it's not due to something they weren't meant to be doing. "For what it's worth, I believe you." "Then we need—" "Auror Malfoy, if you interrupt me one more time, I'll silence you." Robards' gaze flicked between the two of them. "Let's assume it is her. Let's assume Hermione is in France right now with your child. What is your plan exactly? You can't run in there while spouting the truth about a magical world, considering she likely has no memory of magic at all. The Minister and I both believe that she's been Obliviated, likely by Lestrange, but we can't prove that until we send a team to France. It's a delicate situation, boys." Trapping his lower lip between his teeth, Draco turned away, his heart rattling in his chest. "Then at the least, can I—" Robards shook his head. "It's too risky for either of you to go back there. One wrong word," he said gravely. "If you let even the smallest of details slip, it could cause more damage than what's repairable. We're sending a small team of Aurors to survey who's around her, and mind healers that will enter her home while she's asleep." "You're going to scare the shite out of her!" "She's not going to wake up. You shouldn't be fighting me on this. The only way Hermione can ever regain her memories is if we discover the extent of the damage." Draco sighed, his fingers curling around the edge of the desk. "Won't you let me go? I didn't let anything slip while we were there." He was begging, and Malfoy's didn't beg. He'd heard that for years, but it didn't matter anymore. He would do anything to get back to her, even if it was only going to carve out a deeper wound in his heart. "My decision is final. The pair of you are a conflict of interest. You're too close to this, which makes you dangerous." Robards came around his desk to stand between them, laying a hand on either of their shoulders. "We'll get her home. I'll update you the second I have any information." He ushered them out of his office, the door clicking into place with an air of finality, and Potter grabbed a hold of Draco before he can do something stupid like make his way back to her. Robards sent him a missive detailing the reasons why he should take the day off early in the next morning. It came with another parcel from his therapist, and an order for potions floats to the ground. Already dressed in uniform, Draco contemplated Flooing into the Ministry. Potter was already gone through, leaving a half naked Weasley in their flat—who was already helping herself to the cereal in the kitchen—and they were to be assigned a mission within the hour. If he went, which he wasn't planning on doing at all. "Malfoy? You're out of milk." "Probably because you guzzled it all." He muttered with more venom than he meant to. She padded away, grumbling under her breath. He leaned against the mantle, plucked a quill from the end table and scrawled his signature across the line at the bottom before returning it with the Ministry owl. He collapsed into the chair in front of the fireplace, resting his elbows on his knees while he focused on each breath. Ginny issued him a quiet goodbye as she stepped into the Floo, a concerned look furrowing the space between her brows. "See you," she calls. Draco gave a crude two finger salute in order to keep up the appearance that he was merely his normal, surly self. It didn't take long before he decided it was a terrible idea to lock himself inside the flat. A few moments alone would leave him just enough time to work up the nerve to purchase an international portkey. Somewhere, she'd always been alive. Granger was alone, he thought. Alone while raising their son as a single mother— His mind came to a sudden halt with a startling though as his footsteps carry him down the street leading into Diagon Alley. Is she seeing someone? Of course, he'd have never wished for her to be a single mother, but if she were in a relationship, he wasn't sure what would come next. Plans were already rapidly spinning into place at the front of his mind. Stuffing his hands into his pockets, Draco took his time stopping by the apothecary to fill the prescriptions. While the Ministry hired therapist couldn't possibly have any idea of the dizzying turn his life had just taken, it was obvious that Robards had meddled given the new potions he'd been given. Small vials of Dreamless Sleep clink together in the sack Draco held tightly in his fist. It's enough to get him through the week, the clerk behind the counter said quietly in an attempt to conserve his privacy. It was a useless waste of time when anyone behind him was already watching. The stain on the Malfoy name had never quite gone away. A day in Diagon Alley was only so distracting. He stopped by the grocery and did some much-needed shopping since Potter was never going to do it, and his friend eats all their food. He made a short stop inside of Flourish and Blotts to pay for his mother's most recent order since he knew there must be at least one. It was the least he could do since he scarcely visited the manor anymore. Towering over the grounds, dark, and dismal, he could go the rest of his life without seeing it, and it would still be too soon. That wasn't to say he hadn't visited for the sake of his mother, but the wing in which Granger had writhed on the floor—where his mother had always used—was off limits to him. It was because of Hermione that he wouldn't sit there where he knew her blood had congealed, seeping into the narrow lines of the floor. It had been washed away, footsteps tracked over it as the years passed, but he knew exactly where she'd laid. His parents didn't have a clue. Outside of Potter, Weasley, and those closest to her, no one did. While it had been impossible to hide from anyone else who'd been in the safehouse with them, there weren't many. It'd been for the best after the war. Had the masses known, suddenly they would have spat on the war memorial where her name was engraved rather than left flowers. It was more than he could stand. The memorial was his next stop even though it was probably a mistake. Fingers curling around his wand, Draco Apparated into Hogsmeade, and landed with an audible snap that echoed on the outskirts of the village. There was a welcome sign that's falling apart, in desperate need of replacement, but it was one of the last things still standing from when the village had been levelled during the Final Battle. He passed the onlookers, granting a tight lipped smile toward Madam Rosmerta who waved. While she's forgiven him, it was probably best not to press his luck by talking to her at all. And it was worth mentioning that she'd only fully forgiven him after he wrangled a problem customer during Potter's birthday. The war memorial was a large slab of granite erected on the other edge of the village. There were benches placed around it, creating a circle, and an elderly witch sat on one, crocheting what looks like a scarf. "Did you lose someone?" she asked quietly, her needles clacking together. He exhaled softly, blood rushing to his head. "Yes." She didn't say another word as he walked to the other side, his fingers brushing against the cool surface until he found her name. Hermione Granger 1979 - 1997 Order of the Phoenix Member, Dumbledore's Army, Order of Merlin, First Class—posthumously. "You've always been the best of me." Tears pooled in the corners of his eyes before he could stop them. The parting words had originally been given to Potter and Weasley, those who had known her best. In a move that had ultimately buried any ill-will between the three of them, they'd gifted the chance to say goodbye to him. His fingers traced the words. "It still true, always true," Draco whispered, and vanished from the spot. Later that night, Potter must have realised he's not in their cushy flat, and concluded that Draco was up to no good. He wouldn't be wrong, Draco knew as he nursed what is his sixth glass of firewhisky while sitting at the bar of a seedy pub. Potter was in plain clothes, a good idea considering they've been here before for work related reasons. "Whatever you're searching for, you're not going to find it at the bottom of that glass." Draco shot him a rude gesture and drained the glass. "Don't tell me how to spend my personal day. I'm fine." But his foot slipped as he stepped off the stool, part way through a motion of making a show of how he was fucking fine. There's no I told you so as Potter supported his weight, slipping an arm behind his back while yanking Draco to lean on him. "Ready to head home then?" He let Potter steer him toward the public Floo while holding him up. "Went to—" His words slur. Potter laughed low. "Want to try that again before or after the Sober Up potion I shove down your throat?" Draco shook his head fervently. "No potion." The fireplace was solid beneath his feet, but he'd never felt more off kilter. "It doesn't hurt as much right now." A sigh surrounded them as Potter reached for a handful of Floo powder, and they landed in their flat. "Are you planning to spend the rest of the week like this?" Harry asked. "I know it hurts, and I can't say I haven't wanted to do the exact same thing all day, but Hermione—" Draco hurriedly lifted a finger to his lips. "Ginny's touring with the Harpies this week. She's not here." Harry lit the fire with a flourish of his wand, and fell into one of the chairs. "Are you sure you don't want a Sober Up Potion?" He nodded, the sofa dipping beneath his weight. "What did Robards put you on today?" "Patrolling in Knockturn Alley. He'll probably do the same to you." "So he can make sure we're not running off to France." Draco murmured. "Through all of today, I just wonder what she's doing. What her life must be like over the years." Potter summoned a tumbler of his own, and a bottle of firewhisky shot into his hand. "I'd offer you a glass, but I think you've had enough. Well, I have news. If Robards finds out, he probably won't be too happy about it, but I thought you needed something." Draco's eyes narrowed as Potter took too long to take a drink. "She's single still." Oxygen rushed into Draco's lungs, and he leaned against the back of the sofa. "I'd wondered about that." He swallowed. "Figured you would." There was a thud as his tumbler came to rest against the table. "I know one of the Aurors on the mission. He couldn't tell me no. Hermione hasn't dated anyone seriously since she got there, and she's not seeing anyone now." For one moment, he'd worried that she was close to someone. In the next, he'd worried that there was someone acting as a father to his son, and it filled him with rage. It was supposed to be him. Apparently, Potter gathered all of that information from one look at his face. "At least you won't have anyone to get out of the way, yeah? Swoop in to heal her broken heart, was that your plan if she wasn't single?" Truthfully, there probably would have been more devious methods, but in order to keep the peace, they're so fond of breaking, Draco nodded. "What are you planning to do?" "Depends on what the Aurors learn," Draco muttered. "There's no grand plan here. She's without her memories, and I wonder—" Harry perched on the edge of his seat, his eyes darkening from behind the rim of his glass. And while he said nothing, it's obvious that he was waiting for the end of Draco's sentence. "What if she's happier now than she would be if she regained her memories? This world treated her like shite, and she would have sacrificed herself to save it." His voice was a low rumble. "She and I argued about this often, whether I was good enough to be with her. You and I both know I would've been more trouble than she deserved to deal with." Harry's fingers swept through the condensation of his glass. "It's a decision that she should make, not you. Are you implying she shouldn't remember? Malfoy—" Draco tugged on his trousers in a fit of nerves and bit his lip. "No, of course not." It wasn't that. In every moment that had passed since being forced to hold one side of an International Portkey, he'd been consumed with thoughts of what their life could have been like. "I fear I'll never be what she needs." Snorting, Harry choked on his drink. "Things are different than they were after the war. You're an Auror, one of the best, I'd say. You've broken away from your parents—which Narcissa is pleasant, but your father—but the point is that you're wrong." His doubts still gathered in his mind, but he kept them to himself. "Whatever happens, we're going to figure it out," Potter reassured him. "Can't promise it's going to be easy, or that it won't take a long time, but we've already hit rock bottom. We're only going up from here." As it turned out, they hadn't hit rock bottom, not yet. Rock bottom was a healer standing in front of them, stringing words together that made sense separately, but Draco couldn't make sense of them together. It was a dull roar in his ears when Potter exploded, his face red as he shoved his finger into the healer's chest. Robards' face was sympathetic. "Auror Potter." Robards' voice was a low timbre that cuts through the air, and left silence in its wake. "Reversing memory modification is dangerous." He warned. "It's not impossible, but Miss Granger is a special case." The chair was soft below Draco, but he barely noticed falling into it. "So, we can't reverse the Obliviation?" Healer Smith clasped his hands in front of him. "In a typical case, it would sometimes be possible for reversal with just one spell. However, minds are delicate. Obliviation is already so dangerous, and unraveling each—" "Get to the fucking point," Potter hissed. "Now that we know it was likely Lestrange, it appears she used a version of the spell I've never seen before. None of my colleagues have seen it, nor has anyone in other countries. I can assume it was modified using dark spells." His face fell into his hands. "Of course it was. Aunt Bella was so good at that." Draco shuddered. "What does this mean? What comes next?" Still a picture of calmness, and it was all the more irritating, Healer Smith's expression didn't change. "I've seen her memories. They're buried deep in her subconscious, behind a wall if you will—" Draco latched onto that before the healer can finish his thought. "Can't we tear down a wall?" "If you want to kill her." Healer Smith said flatly. "Forcing her memories will kill her. It would eviscerate her mind, and as such, it's a risk we're not afforded. But," he took a short breath, "if Miss Granger were to remember gradually on her own, there's a theory her magic will protect her no matter how dormant it is." A quill snapped in Draco's hand that he'd been fidgeting with, and ink poured down his hand, rolling off his fingertips before dripping to the floor. "How would we do that?" "You can't drop hints about anything, no matter how subtle. However, I believe that if someone she knew from a former life inserted themselves into her life as it is now, she might start to remember. It's speculation how the memories would manifest, and there's still a chance of failure—" Draco pushed himself out of the chair, his shoulders tensing. "I'm going to France, and I'll leave the Aurors if I have to." Robards blinked, and his eyes are sympathetic. "I thought that would be the case. You need to give this thought; she may never remember you. If she doesn't—" There was no internal debate. "I'll live like a muggle for the rest of my life for her. For him." Both Head Auror Robards and Healer Smith exchanged a heavy look. "I'll start the paperwork for you to assist with the French Ministry. You'll need a job to blend in." A stack of parchment rustled together as he picked it up. "I'll send you the information. You're sure about this?" Draco nodded. "You already knew the answer to that." "Verbal confirmation, Auror Malfoy." Harry pulled him into the corridor, his voice hushed as he looked in either direction. "You know what you're doing?" "Yes." Harry looked him over. "What you said in there are pretty words, and I believe you, but can you really give all of this up?" Irritated as he is by the insinuation, Draco couldn't drum up the anger for it. "Granger's it for me. I knew it then, and I know it now. Scorpius is my son. This—" he gestured around them "—is nothing compared to them. If I have to make her fall in love with me again, then I will." "You'd snap your own wand?" Harry asked tentatively. His hands balled into fists. "I hope it won't come to that, but if it does, would you—" Potter took an uneasy breath. "You want me to snap your wand?" "If I can't." Several long moments passed before Harry nodded. "You're my partner," he said, as if that explained everything. We will get back to Hermione next chapter, which is also when we will see her point of view as well! If you would pretty please leave a comment with what you thought of this chapter, it would make my day. See you next week!
