The scarlet steam engine billowed steam that was thick and gray enough to be mistaken for a storm cloud. From somewhere beneath the steam, a sharp, piercing whistle was heard, and the Hogwarts Express thundered out of Platform 9¾, leaving waving witches and wizards behind. The witches and wizards who had not been left behind were settling themselves comfortably inside the train. They seated themselves inside their compartments, relaxing as they sunk into the mud-colored cushions, talking with friends. The last compartment of the train was no different. This compartment was the Marauders' compartment. It had been for the past six train rides to and from Hogwarts; this year was no different. The compartment contained four boys, all of whom were talking excitedly, waving their hands around as they spoke. One of the boys had messy black haired and wore round-rimmed spectacles. He was the most excited of the bunch. Next to him was another black haired boy. His hair was less messy and he didn't have glasses, but had that been the case, he could have been mistaken as the other's twin. He also was waving his hands around as he spoke amiably. In the far corners were two other boys; they were much more calm about being back on the Hogwarts Express. One of the two had just rolled his eyes at what the bespectacled boy had said. He was caramel haired and looked slightly amused, despite the fact that he proceeded to lightly scold the other boy. The last boy in the compartment was slightly wider than the other three. He was struggling to push his trunk into the hold above. "Well," the bespectacled boy said happily, "It's fourth year!" "We know, James. You've only told us that ten times," the other dark haired boy snorted. "It was only twice before, actually," James said. "Yeah, sure," the boy grinned. "Oh, come on, you know I only mentioned it twice." "Well, mate-" "Remus, Peter, back me up!" He turned to the other two boys. "You've mentioned it three times now," the caramel haired boy corrected. "Aha!" James said triumphantly. "You can't argue with Remus!" "You were still wrong," the dark haired boy said smugly. "But I was more right than you!" "No." "Yeah." "No." "Yeah." "No-" "He was closer, Sirius," Remus said. "Let me have my fun, will you?" Sirius said. "Someone please tell Remus that I should have my fun." "You should probably let him have his fun," the fourth boy said. "Thank you, Peter. Unlike these two, you have good judgement." "You're lecturing us about good judgment?" Remus asked. "Of course, I'm the responsible one-" "Yes, we all know that," James said jokingly. "Well, I'm more responsible than you two, at any rate." "Really? I thought that was Remus' job." "Mate, you organized a movement to get a teacher fired-" "You helped too-" "and Remus decided it would be a good idea to let ashwinders loose in an office-" "That was a good idea." "-and my point is, if I'm not the responsible one, it's Peter." "Peter decided it would be a good idea to fill the Great Hall with sprinkles," James pointed out. "You unleashed Silly String on us all." "That's a responsible thing to do." "No, it's not," Remus sighed. "I didn't hear you object to it-" The argument was interrupted by the call of, "Anything off the trolley, dears?" James leapt up and hurried to open the compartment door. Meanwhile, Peter pulled back down the trunk he had struggled to get in the hold. He turned it on its side as James closed the compartment door, now holding a few brightly colored boxes with the label 'Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans.' "I'll dare first," Sirius declared as James dumped one of the packages onto the trunk. "Remus, try the green one." Remus popped a pale green bean into his mouth. "Broccoli. James, try the red one." James grabbed a red bean in the center of the cluster. "Peppermint. Sirius, the one on the edge." Sirius screwed up his face. "Liver." "You know what liver tastes like?" Peter asked. "Of course I do, my mum loves it. Peter, take that one there." The game lasted until they ran out of beans, after which they resumed talking. "Bets about the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher?" Sirius said. "How do you know that Melior left?" James asked. "It was in the Prophet a few weeks into summer," Remus said grimly. "My parents haven't let me within a ten foot radius of it," James said. "With good reason," Sirius muttered quietly. "What do you mean?" James said. "Remember at the end of last year, with the Minister and the Mark and whatnot?" "Of course I do-" "Well, the Mark was claimed." "It was?" "Some group called Death Eaters and their leader- he calls himself Lord Voldemort." "He revealed himself after another murder," Remus said. "Let me guess," James said darkly. "He killed Melior." "He killed Melior's brother or something like that," Remus said in the same tone. "The next day when Voldemort claimed the murder, he also spoke out against Dumbledore. Melior didn't want to get involved with Dumbledore after that. He wanted to keep his nose clean. A few weeks after Voldemort revealed himself, the Prophet suddenly stopped reporting on it. There's been no word on him since." "So now we're up a psycho murderer and down a D.A.D.A teacher," Sirius summed up. "Well," James said awkwardly, "I'm betting we won't get another Umbridge, and probably not another Melior... Hopefully a decent teacher…. Hey, maybe Dumbledore will teach us!" "I doubt that," Remus said, "but that would be very interesting-" "Interesting?" Sirius said. "Mate, he'd give us lemon pops or whatever those candies he likes are-" "Lemon drops," Peter corrected. "Same thing." The train ride continued without any major problems until it pulled into Hogsmeade's station. Robes donned, the boys hurried off the train, headed for the carriages that would take them up to Hogwarts castle. They were deep in a conversation about the ways they could use dungbombs when the redhead Lily Evans passed them. "Oi, Evans!" James called. "Have a good summer?" Lily turned and gave him a sharp look. "The best part was you not being there." Sirius and Remus both attempted to surprise chuckles, Sirius failing miserably. He laughed loudly, causing James to turn and glare at him. "You're supposed to be on my side!" James said. "I'm on the winning side," Sirius said. "Nice to see you, by the way, Evans." "Stay on his side, Black," Lily told him. Then she turned to Remus. "I hope that you had a good summer," she said. "Yeah, it was good. Yours?" Remus said. "Really nice- I'll tell you about it later, I told Sev I'd catch up with him…." With that, Lily headed off. James started at Remus open mouthed. "How'd you do that?" "I just talked to her," Remus shrugged. "Come on, we've got to get a carriage." The carriages still looked rickety and smelled of must. "These things are going to break at some point," Sirius said as he clambered into one. "Hopefully not while we're in it," James said. Once all four boys had taken seats, the carriage gave a jerk, then pulled forward as though by invisible steeds. They peered out the window, looking towards the star-filled sky for the spires of Hogwarts. It took a minute before the castle could be seen. The castle rose above the surrounding terrain, windows glowing with a golden, welcoming light. Towers reached toward the sky as though they could actually touch- for all anyone knew, they did touch. "Welcome home, mates," Sirius grinned. At long last the carriages pulled to the gate before the castle and came to a slow halt. Peter was the first out of the carriage, followed by Sirius, Remus, then James. They were ushered into the Great Hall by Filch, the caretaker, who scowled at them, cursing under his breath. "He hasn't changed," James noted. "He's always been a ray of sunshine," Sirius nodded. "Yes, for sure," Remus said. As though it had been a day and not months since they had last sat at the Gryffindor table, they took their seats, waiting for the Sorting. "Bloody hell," Sirius said, looking toward the staff table. "Look at him!" James, Remus, and Peter turned. "Ouch," James said. "Wonder what happened to him?" The man was scarred horribly, with a chunk of his nose missing. Below the table, he appeared to have what looked like a wooden leg. The most startling thing about his appearance, however, was his eyes. One was small and beady. The other was large and a bright blue, whirring about in its socket. "I don't know…." The man took a swig of something from a flask he held in his hand, then turned to say something to Dumbledore, who nodded agreeably. "He'll be Defense Against the Dark Arts," Remus said. At this point, a hush had gone over the hall. Through the large oaken doors at the front of the room was a line of small first year students. They filed in nervously, glancing around and taking in the details of the hall. One first year pointed to the floating candles in awe. The other first year next to him whispered something back with a smirk. Leading the first years and carrying the Sorting Hat was McGonagall. She had her hair pulled back in a tight bun beneath her emerald hat, which matched her robes. As she passed, Sirius winked at her, as was custom. McGonagall gave him an almost inaudible sigh rather than a wink. At the front of the hall, she placed the Hat upon a three legged stool. Waiting quietly, the school started at it. Without further ado, the Sorting Hat opened its brim like a mouth and began to sing. Hundreds of years past I was newly sewn, Made for the purpose of putting you Where you ought to go. Should you go with Gryffindor, Where the brave and bold are prized? To Ravenclaw, Home of the witty and the wise? Perhaps Slytherin would be the place for you, With ambitions foretold? Or Hufflepuff, Where loyalty is valued tenfold? In four houses I shall split you, As I have been made to do, So whether you join cunning Slytherin, Knowing Ravenclaw, Daring Gryffindor, Or hardworking Hufflepuff, Know that you've been placed well By me, the Sorting Hat. There was a chorus of applause, which was quieted quickly by McGonagall, who gave a sharp look about the hall. "Alcott, Kennithe," she said once it was silent. A pale, sickly girl made her way to the stool. McGonagall placed the Hat atop her head…. "RAVENCLAW!" the Hat called. Cheering erupted from the Ravenclaw table on the far side of the hall. "Astine, Louis." "RAVENCLAW!" "Berkeley, Jennifer." "GRYFFINDOR!" This time it was the Gryffindor table that erupted with cheers. "Donner, Harvey." "HUFFLEPUFF!" "Imig, Jonathan." "RAVENCLAW!" "There's a lot of Ravenclaws this year," Peter said. "Yeah," James said. "Bet this next one is Ravenclaw," Sirius said. Remus hissed, "You shouldn't be betting on the Sorting, honestly-" "SLYTHERIN!" "Nice try, mate. Pay up," James said. "I didn't actually bet anything," Sirius said. The Sorting continued for another few minutes before 'Zethes, Hannah' was sorted into Hufflepuff. McGonagall carried the Hat and stool away, then Dumbledore rose to make his start-of-term speech. "Welcome," he said, "Welcome back, to many of you. There are a few things I want to say before we begin our excellent feast. The first is a reminder from Mr. Filch that fanged frisbees are not allowed in the corridors, nor is magic. The second is another reminder. Please note that the Forbidden Forest is exactly that- forbidden. The last thing I would like to do is welcome our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Alastor Moody." He gestured to the scarred man. There was some scattered applause. "Now," Dumbledore said, eyes twinkling, "I recommend that you all enjoy the feast as for a good night of sleep for classes tomorrow." The once empty plates that lined the four house tables suddenly filled with all sorts of food. "Pass the chicken," Sirius said. The hall filled with chatter and the clanking of knives and forks as people began to eat. The meal was enjoyable, and all too soon the last crumbs had vanished from the plates and the students were standing, headed for their dormitories. "The password is 'doxycide,'" the frizzy haired Gryffindor Prefect informed the group as they got to the portrait of the Fat Lady. The portrait swung inward, and the Gryffindors slipped inside. Rather than lingering in the Common Room like a good fraction of their house, the Marauders went straight to their dormitory. "Well," Sirius said, looking around the dorm happily, "Let's get this year started."
The next morning began with a good amount of grumbling. "I forgot what getting up early feels like," Sirius said unhappily. "Can we just skip breakfast?" James said. "No!" Sirius looked scandalized. "You know how he is about breakfast," Peter said. "We can't skip breakfast," Sirius said. "That would be a tragedy to rival even the stealing of my eggs." "Woe is you," Remus said dryly. "Come on, we've got to get downstairs for schedules anyway." It took a few minutes of corralling before the boys made it down to the Great Hall, just in time to receive their schedules from McGonagall. "Minnie!" Sirius exclaimed when he saw her. "How are you? It's been months! I haven't heard from you in ages!" "Mr. Black," McGonagall started, but Sirius continued. "Why Minnie, are those new robes? You look absolutely splendid-" "Mr. Black-" "-doesn't she, James?" "Thank you for the compliments, Mr. Black, and I'm glad that you're back at Hogwarts. Here are your schedules." McGonagall passed each of the boys a crisp piece of parchment, then briskly made towards a clump of seventh years. "Hey, we have Transfiguration first!" Sirius said. "We'll see you in a few minutes, Minnie!" he called after her. "Transfiguration, History of Magic, Charms, Divination- hey, Professor!" James ran after McGonagall. "Yes, Mr. Potter?" she said, turning. "It says on here I have Divination- I only signed up for Care of Magical Creatures," James said, pointing to the schedule. "Over the summer a decision was made to make two non-core classes mandatory," McGonagall said. "That is why you are in both Care of Magical Creatures and Divination." "Alright." James headed back to the others. "Are you all signed up for Divination, then?" "Yeah," Peter and Remus said. "What?" Sirius asked. "Are you signed up for Divination?" James repeated. "Oh, yeah," Sirius said. "Did they take out History of Magic?" "No, they're making us be in class for an extra hour," James said, then continued reading off the schedule. "Lunch, D.A.D.A, Potions, and Care of Magical Creatures." "Wait- we have to study for an extra hour?" Sirius said incredulously. "Yeah, but I've heard Divination is an easy pass," James shrugged. "I bet we can pull a History of Magic-" "A whole extra hour? This is slavery!" Sirius exclaimed. "I refuse to stand for it-" "Speaking of classes," Remus said, "We should eat or we won't make it to Transfiguration." Transfiguration began with McGonagall briskly stating that they would be using the first few days of term for a review.. "Today and tomorrow we will be reviewing the basics of transfiguring the properties of objects, such as turning an apple to stone or changing the color of a hedgehog," she said. "Next week we will review our work on human and animal transfigurations, followed by…." When McGonagall let the class go, they had a ten inch essay to be turned in the next day. History of Magic was just as boring as it had been the last year. Their teacher, Binns, kept his eyes strictly on the chalkboard as he droned on about the vampire revolts of the fifteen hundreds. "Why haven't they fired him yet?" Sirius asked. "Dumbledore must see something in him," Peter said. "What?" Sirius said. "He's a ghost, which would be cool if he actually was a good teacher." "He's not that bad," Remus said. "Not that bad? Have you gone mad, Remus?" "I'm quite sane, actually." Charms was a review as well. Flitwick gave them a short talk on what they would be covering for the year, then quickly began instructing the class to break into pairs and practice the various spells they had learned the previous year. Divination was next; most of the fourth year Gryffindors had it. As a group, they hurried to the North Tower, pausing at the top of the stairs, looking about for a door. "Are we in the wrong spot?" Hestia Jones said, peering out one of the windows. "Not unless the schedule was wrong," Remus said. "We're in the right spot," Lily said. She pointed towards the ceiling. A round trapdoor with a plaque reading 'Divination' was directly above the group. "Loads of help that is if we can't get in," Sirius said. "There aren't any stairs or a ladder." He had a point; there was no ladder in sight, nor did there appear to be any way up to the trapdoor. "We can get it," James said. "How?" "Wingardium Leviosa!" James said, wand pointed in Sirius' direction. "Oi! Put me down!" Sirius was rising through the air toward the trapdoor, which was still closed. "James, I don't have anything to grab onto- ouch!" The door swung open and hit him on the top of his head. A ladder unfurled from the now open trapdoor, which Sirius grabbed onto. "Thanks a lot, mate," he said, rubbing his head. "Anytime," James said. One by one, the class climbed the ladder and pulled themselves up into the Divination classroom. The classroom had several short round tables around which were various cushions. Each cedar table had a brightly colored burning candle atop it, as well as a bowl filled with water and a leather-bound book. In the front of the room was a woman. She had black, frizzy hair and large, owlish eyes. Her sapphire blue robes rippled as she gave her wand a flick, shutting the trapdoor as the last students hurried inside and began seating themselves. "Welcome," she said softly, "To Divination. I am Professor Scio, and I will be your teacher for this term. Divination is one of the most precise and imprecise branches of magic. There is a fair bit of guessing involved, and a fair bit of fact involved. It is a difficult thing to interpret and easy to misunderstand, despite the fact that when you have studied it for long enough, it makes perfect sense." Much of the class exchanged confused looks at this pronouncement. Scio continued. "I do not expect you all to be able to know with absolute certainty at what day the world will end, nor any other matters of this sort. I do, however, expect you all to try and understand, even if you cannot do. Now, enough with my talking. We will be starting with Ceroscopy. There will be a candle on each table. One of you will pour the wax from the candle into the bowl of water. Watch how the wax settles and interpret it using pages ten through sixteen in your books." The class hurried to obey, pouring wax and flipping pages. At the Marauders' table, James had poured the wax into the water, somehow managing to set his sleeve on fire while doing so. Remus sighed and began helping James smother the fire before he was burned. "Mars and something-or-other are probably in line," Sirius assured him. "It was bound to happen." "What?" James said. "My dad made me study astrology and astronomy when I was nine," Sirius said. "There's something about planets lining up and you getting burns…." "Have you begun reading your wax?" Scio asked, coming up behind Peter. "We're just about to do that," James said. Scio nodded. "Make sure you don't bump the bowl and disrupt the patterns, that will make your readings imprecise." With that, she moved on to a group that was seated in the corner. "Alright, so… that's a weird blob thing there… that's got to be newfound knowledge." Sirius stared hard at the water. "And that… that looks like another blob thing… so… does that look like danger?" "No," Remus said, glancing at the book. "That's secrets…." "You're not secretly a vampire, too, are you Remus?" Sirius asked solemnly. "No," Remus said, looking as though he was somewhere between laughing or sighing. "Good to know," James said. "Anyway, I think that thing there is good fortune… wait, no, that's wrong, that looks like bad fortune…. Or a sheep..." "Why, James," Sirius said, "With your decisiveness, you could be the next great seer." Divination ended, and with a relaxed sort of leisure, the Gryffindors made their way to the Great Hall for lunch. "What did we have next?" Peter said. "Defense Against the Dark Arts," Remus said. "Brilliant," James said. "I want to see who this bloke is." Defense Against the Dark Arts was a combined class of Gryffindor and Ravenclaw. They headed into the classroom and took their seats, talking quietly all the while. "You know what we didn't do?" Sirius said suddenly. "We haven't talked about planning a prank!" "We haven't!" James said. "It's got to be something big," Sirius said. "Something with a-" The classroom door opened with a loud bang. The class whirled around in their seats to watch Moody enter the room. "My name," he said shortly, "Is Alastor Moody. I work for the auror department in the Ministry of Magic. Dumbledore has asked me to fill this post. That being said, I have a year to teach you-" "This job has got to be cursed," a Ravenclaw in the back of the class muttered. "Yep, it is," Moody said. "Been cursed for a while now, Dumbledore says. Dumbledore also says that the past few years you've covered a lot of basic dueling and various creatures. What you haven't covered is dark wizards." This statement was met with an uncomfortable silence. "That's what I'll be focusing on. First we'll be starting with the methods that dark wizards' normally use…. Today we'll be discussing the Unforgivable Curses." The Marauders exchanged looks. "Can anyone give me one of the Unforgivable Curses?" Moody asked. "You, back there, Ms…?" "Mary Macdonald," the girl said. "The Imperious Curse." "Yep. The Imperious Curse is a likely choice for a dark wizard to use. It will force it's victim to do the bidding of the person who cast it- very dangerous. Another? Mr...?" "Prewett, Fabian Prewett. The Cruciatus Curse." "Right, right," Moody said. "The Cruciatus." Sirius stiffened ever so slightly. "The Cruciatus Curse is a torture curse. There are few more effective ways to force people into giving information. And the last one? Ms…?" "Alice. Er, Alice Fortescue. The Killing Curse, Avada-" "Kedavra, yep," Moody said grimly. "Like Ms. Fortescue said, the Killing Curse. There's no way to block it; if it's thrown at you and you can't duck it, you're dead before you hit the ground. Most wizards don't duck because they don't see it coming. If you want to see it coming, you're going to have to have CONSTANT VIGILANCE!" He barked the last word incredibly loudly, causing most of the class to jump in their desks. There was a great deal of swearing as people rubbed their sore kneecaps, and Moody continued. "Now, can anyone tell me, now knowing about all these curses, why they have been labeled as 'Unforgivable?'" Lily was the only person to raise a hand. "Front row there, Ms…?" "Evans," Lily said. "They're so cruel that using any one of them on any human being would be unthinkable." "Using any one of them would land you with a one-way ticket to Azkaban," Moody nodded, mechanical eye whirring. "We have a good half-hour left before you're due in your next classes. I want you to turn to page seventy four of your books and take notes on the Unforgivables, and if you have time after, get started on your homework- four inches on each of the curses. That's a foot long in all." The class worked in silence until they were dismissed, when they filed out the door, talking about the lesson. "That was interesting." "Interesting? I didn't even know curses like that existed. It'll be a wonder if I manage to get to sleep tonight." "At least he didn't perform them in front of us…." "Well, that was sure a cheerful lesson," Sirius said. Remus rolled his eyes. "Yes, because death, absolute control over a person, and torture are, without a doubt, cheerful." "What did you think about Moody?" James asked. "I thought he was alright," Remus said. "Pretty abrupt," Peter shrugged, "Introducing that on the first day." "I don't know," Sirius said, "I thought he was rather Moody…." Potions was, thankfully, note taking, with, not-so-thankfully, more homework. Care of Magical Creatures was similar, the only difference being Kettleburn informing the class that he'd shipped in a couple of small erumpents for their first practical, which would be the following week. "Remind me to write my will before next week," Sirius said as they left the class. "You don't need to write your will," Remus sighed. "Moony, if I don't get killed by the erumpent, I'll likely fall off a broom or something." "Forget about your will, we have more important things to do," James said purposefully. "What?" "We have a prank to plan."
Their first prank had to be big. It had to be inspired. Above all, it had to be Marauder-worthy. "Right," Sirius said, lowering his voice as he walked past Professor Sprout, the Herbology teacher, who was shepherding some first years. "I think the prank should focus on the Slytherins." "We should focus it on the whole school," Remus said. "What do you have against going after the Slytherins?" Sirius said. "Snivellus hasn't done you any favors-" "I know, but this is the first prank, it should be for the whole school to make a good start." "Remus has a point," James nodded. "I'm in for the whole school." "Or we could prank Dumbledore," Peter said. "Dumbles? That's a good idea," Sirius said. Remus sighed. "Are you still going on with that nickname?" "Yes, I am. Why wouldn't I?" "Because this is the headmaster we're talking about." "All the more reason for him to have a nickname." "You can't be serious-" "I'm always Sirius." "Yes, we've noticed," James grinned. "And we need to figure out what sort of prank we're talking about. Any ideas?" "We could use those dungbombs," Peter suggested. "Start a game of Quidditch in the Great Hall," Sirius said. "The players would start on fire because of all the candles in there," Remus pointed out. "Quidditch in the corridors." "Minnie wouldn't like that." "Minnie loves Quidditch- oi!" Something short and blond had run into Sirius. The something fell back, revealing itself to be a nervous looking first year boy, who scrambled to his feet, almost tripping over his robes as he did so. "S-Sorry," he stammered. "I was looking for the Great Hall, I didn't mean to-" "Hey, you're fine," Sirius said. "Don't worry about it. And, also, the Great Hall is that way." He pointed back in the direction the boy had come from. "Oh." The first year seemed to look even smaller. "I didn't realize that." "It's alright, Hogwarts is pretty big," Sirius shrugged. "If you want to get to Hall from here, it'll be down a corridor, then you turn to the…. Which way was it?" he asked, turning to the other boys. "Left," Remus supplied. "Alright, you turn left, then you're down the corridor to the right, then follow that corridor for a bit, then you'll reach a huge staircase; head down that. The Great Hall is right at the bottom," Sirius said. "Got it?" The first year nodded, gave a quick "Thanks!" and went on his way. "Back to the prank ideas," Sirius said. "I don't think there's anything wrong with Quidditch in the corridors-" "Yes, there is, but the idea of doing something in the corridors is good-" "Like Quidditch-" "Not Quidditch." "Fine, but for the record, it was a brilliant idea." "Hey, I know what we should do!" James said excitedly. "So over the summer, we went to this all-muggle town. There wasn't any Wizarding stuff anywhere, and my mum didn't let us bring much more than our wands and some spellbook my dad said he needed. Anyway, we went to this muggle library for a day. You'd think all the books would be boring, but there were actually some really good ones-" "Remus, you've corrupted him!" Sirius moaned. "Look what you've done! He was enjoying a library!" "Let me finish, mate. Alright, so there was the nonfiction section of the library, and I was looking at stuff in there, and there's that river in South America- you know, the Amazon- and I think that we should turn the corridors on the first floor into the Amazon River." "That's just flooding the school," Peter said slowly. "Peeves already did that." "Not just flooding it, but putting fish and stuff into it," James explained. "There are trees that grow in it, caiman, anacondas, piranhas-" "What?" Sirius asked. "You know- the small crocodile-like things, the huge snakes, and the fish with the really sharp teeth-" "Oh, those things. Now I'm in." "We could do that," Remus said with a nod. "But no caiman, anacondas, or piranhas." "What? That's the whole point of the Amazon!" "No, it's really not-" "It is," James said. "That's what makes it exciting." The Marauders continued to plan the prank during dinner. After dinner, however, they worked on the homework they had been given for the day. "It's the first day!" Sirius complained. "It's school," Remus said knowingly. "The point of it is to teach you and give you homework." "Well, yeah," James said, "But they don't have to give homework on the first day. We could be doing something that's actually productive!" "Like attempting to smuggle piranhas into Hogwarts?" "Exactly!" James paused, quill hovering above his parchment. "What was that thing Moody shouted at us? 'Constant validity?'" "'Constant vigilance,'" Sirius said. "You'd better not use that in your essay, though, that's my plan." "Too late. 'Like the other two Unforgivable Curses, the only way to avoid the Killing Curse is with constant vigilance, as there is no way to shield yourself from the spell once it is cast,'" James read. "Oi, I was going to do that!" The next morning, the Marauders were deep in a conversation about the essay that they (James and Sirius respectively) would have to finish in History of Magic when there a small, timid call of "Excuse me?" from behind them. The boys turned to find a trio of first year Ravenclaws. "Do you know which way to Charms class?" the one in the center inquired promptly. "Yeah. Up a flight of stairs and to the right," James said. "Er… which flight?" the one to the left asked. "That one." Peter pointed down the corridor. "Thanks!" The Ravenclaws hurried off in the direction he had pointed, disappearing from sight. "You know," Sirius said, glancing in the direction they had gone, "That's the second time we've been asked for directions in the past two days." The other three nodded. "Someone should make a map," Sirius finished. "Of Hogwarts?" Remus looked doubtful. "The staircases are always changing, and there are places here- like the Room of Requirement- that are unplottable. And you'd have to do a lot of measuring. Hogwarts is huge." "But there'd be a spell or enchantment that could show the staircases moving, I bet," James said. "Probably." "So it's possible," Sirius nodded. "Hypothetically, yeah-" "Remus, that's brilliant! We should make the map of Hogwarts! Let's put that on our to-do list." "If you want to do the measuring-" "Yes!" James grinned. "And then if we-" They had made it to the Transfiguration classroom. McGonagall gave them a look. "If you four would refrain from plotting anything in my class, the would be preferred," she said. "Minnie, it's only hypothetical!" Sirius protested. "And we were only plotting to make a map of Hogwarts!" James added. "That's helpful!" "A map would be very helpful," McGonagall agreed, "But I'm afraid that your cartography will have to wait until after class." Transfiguration was uneventful, followed by History of Magic, which James and Sirius used to finish their essays, then began planning the prank with Remus and Peter. "So we're flooding the level with the Great Hall, right?" Peter checked. "Yeah," Sirius nodded. "We need to figure out how to make sure it doesn't flood the dungeons, though," Remus said. "It would drown the Hufflepuffs and Slytherins, and if the stuff from Potions mixed with the water, that wouldn't end well." "I don't think that downing the Slytherins would be a real loss," Sirius said. After a look from Remus, he added, "But that might make Minnie upset for some reason, so let's not do that." "I think that most things we do make Minnie upset," James said. "No, she liked the time when-" "No, she didn't," said Remus. "You don't even know which time I was talking about." "I don't need to know which time; the day McGonagall likes our pranking will be the day James convinces Lily to go out with him." "Hey!" James gave Remus a look of utter betrayal. "So then Evans will choose to go out with him pretty soon," Sirius said. "Thank you!" James said. "Of course," Sirius said. "Fine, the day McGonagall likes our pranking will be the day that you two become best mates with the Slytherins," Remus said. "Don't have such little faith!" "You want to be best mates with Snape?" "No, that would be mad. I mean that you shouldn't have such little faith in McGonagall's taste of pranking." "Speaking of pranking, weren't we saying that we aren't going to drown the Hufflepuffs?" James interrupted. "Yeah," Sirius nodded. "But the Slytherins are fair game." "So if we flood the corridors around the Great Hall, but put barricades up so that the water can't leak into the basement, that should solve the problem of flooding the basement on accident," Remus said. "What if it's not an accident?" "If it does flood, it had better be." "Alright, so if that's the water, we need to get the anacondas, caiman, and-" "We are not using anacondas, caiman, or piranhas." "Oh, come on, Moony, you're no fun." The prank was ready to be carried out three days later. None of Hogwarts was really expecting it, so when the first few students began to trickle towards the Great Hall, they were surprised, to say the least, at the sight that awaited them. The corridors on the main floor were flooded with water. Trees grew through the stones at the bottom of the "river" and towered high about the befuddled students. Long, wooden canoes were tethered by the edge of the water. And in the water…. "I thought we said no piranhas!" Remus said incredulously. "I can't believe that you- well, no, I can- but that's more irresponsible than anything you've attempted before!" "We're adding a realistic feel to it," Sirius said honestly. "And we didn't add any anacondas or caiman. But we do have monkeys in the trees, and there's a jaguar somewhere around here-" "A jaguar?" Remus yelped. "Why did you unleash a jaguar on the school? That's mad!" "It's not like we didn't feed him," James said. Remus muttered something under his breath. "Don't have such little faith in us," Sirius said. "We de-toothed the piranhas and the jaguar is house trained!" "De-toothed piranhas…." Remus looked him dead in the eye. "If anyone is hurt or killed by your rogue fish, monkeys, or jaguar, it's completely your fault." The Marauders hopped into one of the canoes and began to row toward the Great Hall at the opposite end of the corridor. The hall was also flooded. Each of the house tables was on top of a wooden raft. The rafts were tied to various trees that were scattered around the room. Monkeys could be heard from far above, chattering loudly. The Marauders paddled to the Gryffindor table, tied their canoe to a nearby tree, and sat down for breakfast. At the staff table, which was also afloat on a raft, Dumbledore was merrily talking to a disgruntled McGonagall, who gave a look toward the boys. Sirius winked at her. McGonagall sighed, then went back to talking with Dumbledore. "Minnie and Dumbles are definitely talking about how much they liked the piranhas," Sirius nodded. "No, definitely not," James said. "They're talking about the jaguar." "Or about the canoes," Peter piped up. "I saw Dumbledore ferrying her, Flitwick, Sprout, and Slughorn across the corridor when we came down." "How'd they fit that many people in one canoe?" Sirius asked, surprised. "It was one of the charms we used, remember? Expansion and floating charms," Remus said. "Oh, right." The first part of the day passed smoothly. At least, as smoothly as it could go when the main floor had been turned into a replica of the Amazon River. Only at the end of lunch did the Marauders hear anything other than grumbles about not having enough canoes or being unable to get to class. "You four are behind this." "Is that a bad thing?" The boys surveyed Lily; James and Sirius with amusement; Remus with hesitation; and Peter with evident nervousness. "A first year was running through the corridors shouting something about a jaguar," Lily said. "Good for them," Sirius said sincerely. Lily glowered at him. "That first year was scared out of her mind. Please, Black, do explain to me why that's good." "It's the sighting of a lifetime," Sirius said. "How many people can claim to have seen a jaguar?" "Did the jaguar hurt anyone?" Remus asked before Lily could reply. "Not that I know of," Lily said. "The teachers are tracking it down right now." Sirius cursed."He was our most realistic element besides the piranhas-" "Piranhas?" Lily interrupted. "-and the monkeys. Come on, Evans." "It's not my fault, and anyway it won't have happened if you hadn't put dangerous animals in a school. Who puts a jaguar in a school besides a madman?" "The Marauders," James said matter-of-factly. "You and Sirius, I told you not to do it," Remus said exasperatedly. "I wasn't involved," Peter said quickly. "Thanks for throwing us under the Knight Bus, mates," Sirius said with a glare. "Of course, anytime," Remus said pleasantly. "Coming, Lily?" someone shouted. Lily turned to glance at the edge of the raft, where Hestia Jones, Marlene Mickinnion, and Alice Fortescue were waiting in a canoe. "I just came to tell you two to have some common sense," she said, "and that this had better be the worst you do." "Well, Evans," James said, "It'll get a whole lot better." Lily muttered something under her breath and hopped into the canoe. "I really hope they don't find Leslie," James said. "Leslie?" Peter said. "That's the name of the jaguar," Sirius said. "The jaguar is named Leslie." "Yes." "Okay…." "Did you name the monkeys?" Remus asked. "Of course. There's Stewart, Abby, Kevin, Jake, Simbabwe, Bennith, and Lucy Elaine," Sirius said. "You can't forget Lucy Elaine." "Where'd you even get the jaguar and monkeys?" "Leslie, Stewart, Abby, Kevin, Jake, Simbabwe, Bennith, and Lucy Elaine," James corrected. "And the piranhas?" "We transfigured them," Sirius said. "But I'm partial to Leslie and Lucy Elaine, and James likes Bennith." "Do the piranhas have names?" Peter asked. "Peter, all our animals have names. There's Levonquious, Elvendork, Bathilea, Penelope, Utgaurd, Joe, Falafel, Reynold, Wyoming-" "Wyoming?" "Yeah, then there's Steve, Anthony, Scott, Sussex, Jenny, Mathine…." That night, dinner was quiet. People were continuously glancing in the Marauders' direction. Everyone second year and up had a very good idea who had turned the school into the Amazon. A number of the first years had been warned by now; Most pranks at Hogwarts were 'courtesy of the Marauders.' Particularly the, depending on who you asked, dangerous or exciting ones. "Just do it already," James said after a good ten minutes of stares. "They know it was us, and it's our first one, they know we'll claim it." Sirius nodded, slipped his wand from his pocket, and inconspicuously as he could (though it served no purpose at this point) sent the Marauders' message into the air. Today was brought to you courtesy of the Marauders. No one was surprised. "That'll be a week's detention, Marauders," McGonagall called from the staff table. "Sure thing, Minnie!" Sirius said cheerfully. "What time?" "Tomorrow at six. I dare say you four know the drill."
As well as their detention the next night, McGonagall caught the Marauders on their way out of the hall after dinner had ended. "Come back here, Mr. Potter, Mr. Black, Mr. Lupin, Mr. Pettigrew," she said briskly. "Don't worry, Minnie, we'll clean it up!" Sirius assured her. "Then you'd best get started," McGonagall said. The cleanup took two hours, ending once the piranhas, Leslie the jaguar, and the monkeys had been untransfigured. "Alright," James said. "Let's go." "Yeah, we should get back up to the dorm," Sirius nodded. He shifted the box he was holding. "What makes you two want to get back so quickly?" Remus asked suspiciously. "Normally you'd use this as an excuse to go to the kitchens for biscuits." "Well, it's late and past curfew-" "You don't care about curfew." "Okay, no, but we still have to get back to the dorm." James nodded. "The dorm sounds fine, but I think that we should take Remus up on going to the kitchens-" "I was not suggesting that we do that, I was just saying that Sirius passing up an opportunity to go to the kitchens is not normal," Remus said. James opened his mouth to reply. "But-" "To the dormitory," Sirius interrupted, then began to head down the corridor. They were halfway to Gryffindor Tower when they ran into Moody. Literally, in James' case. "Sorry, Professor," James said quickly. "You should watch where you're going," Moody said shortly. "If you run into a teacher now, you'll be sure to run into someone you'd rather not later." James nodded. "He probably needs new glasses," said Sirius. "He's blind with or without them." "Hey!" said James. "I'm not blind!" "Are you sure? You seemed blind when McKinnon stole your glasses last year." Moody turned his attention to Sirius, then the box he was holding. Sirius readjusted his grip on the box as Moody's electric blue eye swerved to look intently at it. "Special cargo?" Moody asked conversationally. "No, just a box," Sirius said. Remus glanced at Sirius suspiciously. "Did you take something from-" Sirius shook his head quickly. "No, why would I do that?" Remus didn't seem convinced. "Well, Professor, we should be going," Sirius said. "Wouldn't be good to be caught out during curfew." "Yeah," James said. "Minnie wouldn't be happy." "Professor McGonagall probably has enough detentions with you four," Moody said. "If she catches you after curfew, tell her I'll take care of you." The boys nodded. "Get to your dormitories, then. And try not to run into anyone else, eh, Potter? Constant vigilance!" "Alright," James said, grinning slightly. The boys were outside the portrait to Gryffindor Tower when the box Sirius was holding gave a jolt. "Doxycide," Sirius said quickly. The portrait swung inward. Clambering through the doorway as fast as he could, Sirius disappeared into the Common Room. "That's definitely not normal," Peter said. "He's hiding something," Remus decided. James didn't say anything, proceeding to follow Sirius. "And James is probably in on it," Peter said. Remus nodded. "Probably." With that, they followed James into the Common Room. In the dormitory, Sirius was still holding the box, which gave an odd chattering noise. "Come on, James, it doesn't have to be anything special, just an old homework assignment or something," Sirius said. James, who was rummaging under his bed gave a muffled reply of, "I'm trying, but my Quidditch gear is in the way!" "Then we can use the Quidditch gear!" "No, you can't use my Quidditch gear-" "Use your Quidditch gear for what?" Peter asked. He and Remus were standing in the doorway of the dorm. "Well…" The box Sirius was holding emitted another chattering noise. "What did you do this time?" Remus sighed. "I only adopted Lucy Elaine!" Sirius said defensively. "It's not a big deal." Remus and Peter stared at him. "You adopted Lucy Elaine," Peter said slowly. "The monkey that we used in the prank." "Yeah." "Why-?" "Okay, I've got it!" James called. "Got what?" Remus said. "Last year's Charms essay on Cheering Charms, we can tranfigure it into a bed or something for her," James said, crawling out from under his bed and holding up a tattered piece of parchment. "Transfigure it and I'll let her out- and someone close the door," Sirius added. James pulled his wand from his pocket and attempted to transfigure the essay. Sirius gave James's work a scrutinizing look. "I think it needs some color," he decided after a moment. Lucy Elaine gave a chatter from inside the box. "Lucy Elaine agrees. I think it should be pink." James complied, then held up the bed. "Happy?" "Yeah, brilliant. Alright, Lucy, I'll let you out now." Sirius lifted the lid of the box, and out scampered Lucy Elaine. "She's a tamarin?" Remus asked curiously. "Is that the kind of monkey she is?" James said. "I think so," Remus said. "She's not a tamarin, she's a Lucy Elaine," Sirius corrected, then addressed the monkey. "Lucy, this is your new home. There's Peter, Remus, and James, but you can call them Sugar Inhaler, Chocoholic Nerd, and Spectacled Chaser. I'm the Almighty Sirius Black, but you can call me Sirius Black the Wise and Almighty King of the Dormitory, If you really want to." "You're not the king of the dorm!" James protested. "And I'm not a sugar inhaler," Peter said. "And you're far from wise," Remus added. "What do you mean? I never do anything stupid, so that makes me wise!" Sirius said. "Not really-" "Chocoholic Nerd, as the Wise and Almighty King of the Dormitory, I hereby sentence you to a week without library privileges!" "Because I'll definitely listen," Remus said dryly. "Exactly." "You're not the king of the dorm!" James said again. "Careful, Spectacled Chaser, Or I'll demote you from the rank of Second in Command. Well, Third in Command." "Who's Second in Command?" "Lucy Elaine." "Sod Lucy Elaine, I'm your best friend! I should be Second in Command!" Sirius pretended to look aghast. "Sod Lucy Elaine? Sod Lucy Elaine? James Fleamont Potter, you've been demoted to the rank of peasant." "What?" "You heard me, peasant." "I'm not a peasant." "Of course you are, I just demoted you. Now bow, then apologize to Lucy Elaine." "I'm not bowing," James said stubbornly. "And I don't think Lucy really cares." Everyone looked to where Lucy was sitting atop Peter's four poster bed, watching the boys curiously. "Yes she does, she's just too polite to show it," Sirius said. "No, she doesn't care." "Yes, she does." "No, she doesn't." "Yes, she does." "No, she doesn't." "Yes, she does." James glared at him for a moment, then grabbed his pillow, and threw it at Sirius. "How dare you!" Sirius shouted as the pillow hit its mark. "He tried to assassinate me! He's trying to kill me! Remus, Peter, save me!" Remus and Peter glanced at each other. "Actually," Remus said, grinning as he picked up a pillow, "I think that overthrowing the present king is in order. Peter?" Peter nodded, taking his own pillow off his bed. James grabbed another pillow. "You betrayers!" Sirius said dramatically. "You vile betrayers! How could you? How could-?" James cut his sentence short by smacking him with his pillow. The next morning, the dormitory was still in shambles from the pillow fight. "Peter, you got feathers all over my robes," James grumbled as he finished getting dressed. "Sorry," Peter said. "How'd your pillow end up wedged between the sill and window?" Remus asked, looking at the partially open window. Sirius shrugged. "I dunno… has anyone seen my Transfiguration book? Minnie threatened to put me in detention if I forgot it again." "Lucy has it," James said. "Okay. Lucy, come over here, I need my book." Lucy Elaine was perched on Remus' trunk, holding the Transfiguration book. She made no move towards Sirius. "Come on, Lucy, Minnie'll throw me in detention." The monkey stayed on the trunk. "Maybe you need to grab it from her," Remus offered. Sirius made to grab the book, but Lucy danced out of the way, chattering. "Lucy, give me the book-" Sirius tried to snatch the book from her again, without success. James watched Sirius' attempts for another minute before saying, "It's not that hard, you've just got to grab it." He took the book from Lucy Elaine without problem, then passed it to a shocked Sirius. "How'd he do that?" Sirius said, staring at the book. "Without difficulty," James said, "but that's not the point. The point is, we're already late for breakfast, but then we have to come back up here so we can give something to Lucy Elaine. And then we have to get to class without being late." They were late to class. McGonagall gave them a piercing look as they hurried to their seats. "Morning, Minnie!" Sirius said cheerfully. "Good morning, Mr. Black," McGonagall said sharply. "I don't suppose you have your book with you? Or an explanation as to why you are late?" "Actually, Minnie dear, I have both," Sirius said. "My book is in my bag- no, it's in Peter's bag, actually, but I have it, and we were late because Remus' pet rabbit got lost in the sheets, and we couldn't find him." "Mr. Lupin's pet rabbit?" McGonagall said skeptically. James and Sirius nodded. "Mr. Lupin, do you have a pet rabbit?" Remus hesitated, then nodded. "We got him at the end of summer." McGonagall still didn't look as though she believed them. "He's really small," James said. "The rabbit, I mean, and he got out of his cage while Remus was feeding him, and hopped into one of the beds and got tangled in the covers, and we couldn't find him, so we had to strip the bed. Remus keeps extra blankets on his bed, so that took a while. Then-" "Very well, Mr. Potter," McGonagall said, sounding slightly exasperated. "If you would sit down so I could continue the lesson…." "Of course, Minnie!" Sirius said. "James, Remus, Peter, take a seat, we'll be talking about- what does that say? An orange into a football?" He squinted at the board. "No, a-" "I will teach the lesson, Mr. Black," interrupted McGonagall. "Really? I thought I was doing well. Wasn't I doing alright?" "You were doing fine-" "Brilliant-" "But I will be taking over as I am the teacher, so if you'd sit down, Mr. Black, I'd like to continue." "Sorry, Minnie." The rest of the morning lessons passed smoothly. History of Magic was spent plotting a prank for Snape after James had declared, "The git probably thinks that we've forgotten about him." Charms was used for a review of summoning charms, and in Divination the class had started with fire omens. The only trouble came when James went up to the dormitory during lunch to feed Lucy Elaine. He had run into the Great Hall panting, only stopping when he reached Sirius, Remus, and Peter. "She's gone," he said. "Lucy Elaine, she's gone. No one closed the door." "What?" Sirius said. "Lucy Elaine is missing," James said, grabbing a roll. "What? Who was the last one out?" "I think you were," Peter said. "Are you sure she's not in the dorm?" "Positive." "We have to go look for her," Sirius decided. "We have D. ," Remus pointed out. "We can't miss that." "But-" "There can't be that many monkeys at Hogwarts. We'll hear if someone sees her," Remus said. "What if it's a teacher that finds her? She'll be untransfigured, and then we won't have a Lucy Elaine!" "You can always retransfig-" "No, because then we'd have to give the monkey a new name, and it wouldn't be Lucy Elaine." "I know, but-" "Can we make a decision?" James interrupted. "I'd prefer to go to D.A.D.A, but we won't get there unless we leave in a few minutes, and I'd like to know how long I have to eat." "Ten minutes, probably," Remus said. "Moody doesn't like when people are late." Despite leaving with more than enough time to make it to Defense Against the Dark Arts, the Marauders were, for the second time that day, late. Moody was waiting patiently in the front of the room when they walked in, Sirius disgruntled, James indifferent, Remus apologetic, and Peter hesitant. "Took you four long enough," Moody said huskily once the boys had taken their seats. "Sorry, Professor, we got… held up," Remus said. That wasn't quite what had happened. Sirius had insisted on checking all the classrooms and corridors on their way to D.A.D.A, making what should have been a five minute walk into a fifteen minute one. "Yeah, Sirius must've hit his head or something. He kept trying to go the wrong way," James said. "You should know your turf," Moody said, turning to Sirius. "Know what's where so if something's out of place you notice right away." He looked to the rest of the class before barking his signature, "CONSTANT VIGILANCE!" The class, despite being used to Moody's volume, winced at the shout. "Now," Moody said, "today, we'll be talking about just that. Noticing things that shouldn't be there. Such as, for example, Black's pet monkey swinging on the chandelier in the Trophy Room this morning." Everyone turned to look at Sirius. "Who says Lu- the monkey, I mean, is mine?" Sirius asked quickly. "Why would I be in possession of a monkey?" "Because you, Potter, Pettigrew, and Lupin were the orchestrators of the fiasco in the corridors, right?" "Yeah, but who says the monkey is mine? The monkey could be Remus'!" "Unless I am mistaken, you, Black, were the one with the monkey last night." Sirius stared at Moody. "What? How'd you-?" "You could see through the box," Remus guessed, cutting off Sirius. "Yep," Moody nodded. "What charms are on that?" a Ravenclaw asked. "Bought it off a trader in Greece when I was looking for a replacement- lost the original in a standoff. She told me what she used, should I need to repair it. I won't tell you lot, though, because if you tried it on your own eyes, you'd likely set yourself on fire," Moody said matter-of-factly. The class was quiet. After a minute, Sirius said, "Can I go get Lucy Elaine, then?" "That won't be necessary," Moody said. "The monkey has been taken care of." "You untrans-" "Yep." Before Sirius could open his mouth to say anything, Moody added, "Which wouldn't have had to happen if you hadn't attempted to keep a transfigured monkey as a pet. Now, back to the lesson."
Sirius bemoaned the loss of Lucy Elaine for the rest of the week, stopping his mourning only when Remus left for the Hospital Wing at the end of the month. "We need to keep working on that thing to help with Remus' furry little problem," James said, watching him go. "Yeah. And we need a better name for it than 'that thing to help with Remus' furry little problem,'" Sirius agreed. "What about Operation That Thing To Help With Remus' Furry Little Problem?" "No. That doesn't sound cool. And it's not discreet. It should be something like Operation Screw The Moon." "That's not very discreet either," Peter pointed out. "It sounds cool!" Sirius protested. "It doesn't sound cool," James said. "Peter thinks it sounds cool, right?" He looked to Peter. Peter shook his head. "It doesn't sound that cool." "Traitor. You're a traitor, too, James." "No, you're just bad at coming up with Operation names and you don't want to admit it," James said. Sirius gasped, pretending to be offended. "You have hurt me, James! I am great at coming up with Operation names! How could you think otherwise?" "Because it's the truth." "I am wounded, James! Wounded! Wounded!" With that, Sirius collapsed dramatically. "Sure. Now get up, we have stuff to do." Sirius didn't move. "Come on, mate, we have to come up with a better Operation name." James sighed when Sirius still stayed on the ground. "We'll go to the kitchens." "Brilliant," Sirius said, popping up. "I could go for some of Minnie's biscuits." The house elves were more than happy to fulfill Sirius' request of a platter of McGonagall's biscuits, which were brought back up to the boys' dormitory. "So," Peter said. "Were we coming up with an Operation name?" "We already have one," James and Sirius said at the same time. "Operation That Thing To Help With Remus' Furry Little Problem," James said, while Sirius said, "Operation Screw The Moon." "Those are both terrible," Peter said. "Hear that, Sirius?" James said triumphantly. "Your Operation name is terrible." "Yours is terrible too!" Sirius argued, grabbing a biscuit. "Well, yeah, but it's better than yours!" "No!" "Yes!" "No!" "Yes!" "No!" "Yes!" "N-" "What about Operation Hypothetical?" Peter suggested. "Operation Hypothetical?" James asked. "Where'd you get that from?" "Well, remember that first one after we found out, and we ran into Minnie-" "We should call it Operation Minnie, then," James said. "No, Operation Minnie is my second proposal to Minnie since Evans ruined the first one. We can't call it Operation Minnie, that would be too confusing," Sirius said. "I didn't even know you had an Operation for that." "Well, I do. And it'll succeed." "Sure, mate. Good luck with that." "Thanks, but it'll be a few months. I was thinking Valentines Day would be great. Or the same day as when I tried to propose in second year." "You should do it on Valentines Day, then we can do a joint proposal- you to Minnie, and me to Evans." "No, it's not as romantic that way." "Really? I thought it would be more romantic." Sirius shook his head. "I don't think so. Anyway, I think Operation Hypothetical sounds good." "Alright then," James said. "Operation Hypothetical is on." Sirius nodded. "And so is Operation Minnie. But that's secondary. Operation Hypothetical comes first." "Brilliant. Who had the book over the summer?" "That was you," Peter said. "Oh yeah, right." James hopped off his bed, then began rummaging through his trunk. "Rocks, a spare quill… color-changing dye-" "We should use that for something," Sirius commented. "And why so you have rocks in there?" he added as an afterthought. "I mean, who carries rocks in their trunk?" James ignored him and continued, "-list of spells from Transfiguration, an old star chart… a scarf… aha! Here it is." James held up the leather bound book. "And…" he opened to halfway through the book. "It still has all our notes. Which are still in order." "Good. I don't want to have to sort those again," Sirius said. "That took more than an hour." "It's your fault for deciding to throw them at me," James shrugged. "I wouldn't have thrown them at you if you hadn't called suggested that I make friends with Snivellus." "Fair point. But still." James took a biscuit off the platter. "Oi! Those aren't yours!" Sirius complained. "We've been sharing socks since first year. I am perfectly entitled to your biscuits as well." "The biscuits are off limits!" James grabbed another and grinned at Sirius. Sirius glared at him. "You, James Potter, are a terrible person." "Whatever you say. Now how about we start figuring out what we need for Operation Hypothetical?" Operation Hypothetical was slow moving, mainly due to the complexity of the process, the rarity of the ingredients needed, and the increase in homework the teachers decided was appropriate for fourth year students. Shortly after Remus had returned, Quidditch was also added to the mix. "Everyone's staying on the team, no one graduated last year," James said. "Hallie wants to start practicing early to get ahead of everyone else, they still haven't had tryouts." "When's practice?" Sirius asked. "Monday, right after dinner." "Bugger! We're going to have to reschedule the plan!" "We can always do it right after. We have the cloak." "What plan?" Remus said, glancing up from his book suspiciously. "Exploring," James and Sirius said. "They want to try and find another secret passage," Peter said. "How do you think you're going to find one? They're not that obvious," Remus said. "With your help," James said. "And Peter's," Sirius added. Remus sighed. "I didn't volunteer to-" "Well, too bad, because you're coming," Sirius said. "It's a full Marauders family expedition." "We'll start by stopping in the kitchens," James said. "So we can get snacks." "You can grab chocolate," Sirius suggested. "As long as you share it with me." "You can get your own chocolate when we get there," Remus said, shaking his head. "Brilliant, he's coming!" After dinner on Monday, James made his way out to the Quidditch Pitch, broom in hand. The rest of the Gryffindor Team was already at the pitch. "Good, you're here," Hallie said as James made it to the center of the pitch. "Alright, team. This year, no one had to leave, so we don't need to do tryouts. You're all experienced fliers, so we'll be moving on to some more difficult, unusual techniques. That's why we need an early start; to make sure that we can have these techniques as solid as possible, which will give us an edge over Slytherin, Hufflepuff, and Ravenclaw. Any questions?" "What types of techniques?" Mitchel, one of the Beaters asked. "Professional, semi-professional, street-" "It'll be a combination of street and professional," Hallie said. Andrew gave her a confused look. "McGonagall wouldn't let us do anything from street," he said. "We have permission, as long as we don't use the parts of them that include magic," Hallie said. "Anyone else? Brilliant. Let's get started. We're going to do variation for warm up. Mitchel, Justin, bludgers at the chasers. Maria, just the left set of hoops. Andrew, I'll let the snitch loose in a moment, we'll stop when you catch it. James, Lucas, we'll be trying to score on Maria and not get pummeled by Mitchel and Justin." The team nodded. "Alright, let's go, I'm letting out the snitch and bludgers…." James came back to the Common Room to find Sirius already holding the cloak. "Come on, hurry up!" he said. "We've got to get going!" "It's not like we need to be back before curfew," James said. "Still, the sooner we go, the more time we have to find a secret passage." "Good point." Ten minutes later, they were outside Gryffindor Tower, arguing over which way to go. "Let's go left," Sirius said. "No, we should go right," James said. "We went right last time." "Well, yeah, but-" Remus shushed them. "It's after hours, in case you've forgotten." "Sorry, Moony, James here is just being-" "Shhh, someone's coming!" Someone was humming loudly to the right of them, around the corner of the corridor. "What's that supposed to be?" James asked. "It's probably Peeves," Remus said. "Odds are he's out of tune on purpose." "Definitely Peeves," Peter agreed. "Let's not run into him," James said. "Left," Sirius whispered. This time, no one argued. They moved quietly as they could. It would be a bad idea for Peeves to find out they were out of bed and breaking curfew. Once they couldn't hear Peeves anymore, they began whispering again. "So, do either of you two have any idea how to find a secret passage? Or are we just wandering around blindly hoping to find one?" Remus asked. "We're just wandering around," Sirius said, "but we'll definitely find one." "How?" "By wandering around and poking at stuff and all that. We've already found one, and the Room of Requirement-" "You only found the Room of Requirement because we were standing outside it and you decided that you didn't want to listen to the history behind that tapestry-" "We still found it," Sirius argued. "And even if you don't think it counts, I found the one to Hogsmeade-" "Didn't you follow some seventh years to it?" Peter said. "Well, yeah, but-" The sound of a shoe and wood hitting the ground reached their ears. "Moody," James said. "Let's go, Moody can see through boxes- I'm sure he'll be able to see through the cloak," Remus said. "Peeves is back there," James said. "I doubt Moody-" The steps were growing louder. "Come on, we can take the stairs around the corner and head to the fifth floor-" The steps were right around the corner. "He'll probably see us anyway," James said, but they hurried around the corner and down the stairs. The Marauders made it to the fifth floor, where they wandered for a while without an exact idea of what they should be looking for. "What about behind that suit of armor?" Sirius said. They checked and found nothing. "What about the next one?" They checked the whole left side of the corridor, then James said, "We should check the other side, just in case." Remus and Peter shared a look. "Do you really think that we should check the whole-" "Yes," James said. It was early the next morning when they returned to Gryffindor Tower. They hadn't found any secret passages, though they had found two sixth years snogging in an empty classroom. James headed straight for his bed after they got back. "'Night." "You realize that we only have about two hours until we have to get up?" Remus said. "That's two hours I can sleep, Quidditch was exhausting," he mumbled into his pillow. The Marauders were still partially asleep when they went to breakfast, except for Sirius. He seemed more awake than usual. "I know you lot are tired, but you'd better not walk any slower, otherwise we'll miss breakfast," Sirius said, walking ahead of them. "That's why we know where the kitchens are," James said. "Then we'll miss Transfiguration," Sirius said. "Would that be so bad?" "No, but Minnie always loves to see us, especially me. Why would we disappoint her?" "Because I'm tired, and Peter looks tired, and Remus looks tired." "You can nap during History of Magic. Anyway, we've stayed up for longer than this." "Yeah, but I didn't have Quidditch then." They managed to stay awake through breakfast and Transfiguration. The moment they made it to History of Magic, James laid himself down on his desk. Five minutes later, he was asleep. "Quidditch can't be that exhausting, can it?" Sirius asked, turning to Remus and Peter. "It looks really hard," Peter said. "And their practice was long." "What do you think, Remus?" Remus was taking notes, glancing up at Binns every so often. "Remus. Remus, I'm talking to you-" "We have a test next week, this will be on it," Remus said. "We have a test?" Sirius said. "Yeah, Binns mentioned it yesterday…." "You won't get expelled if you fail a test. Anyway, did you have an answer?" "About what?" "About whether Quidditch is so exhausting that it's forcing James to sleep." "I'm sure it is. Now can I listen?" "Fine, but it's probably unhealthy to pay so much attention to Binns. If you listen to him too much, you'll probably die of boredom and turn into a ghost, too." Remus rolled his eyes and continued taking notes.
