Lily Evans had been having a jolly good day before she saw the body. In retrospect though, she thought that the girl had looked pretty dead, what with her hair lying limp about her pale face which was bloodied and bruised to no end, and even more blood in a macabre spread around her was positively drenched in it, and had been lying still and even from afar - as Lily watched, a scream lodged in her throat - she could make out the death stiffness that characterized her limbs. Later when she visited the girl - her hair was brown, brown curls - she would notice the telltale heaviness of dark magic around the sterile hospital room, she was positioned on the lumpy bed, covered with many, many bandages and still looking half dead. Lily looked down at her unconscious form, her brows furrowed as she took in the shaved strip of hair on the girl's head which was covered with white strips of heavy bandage, the little scar on her cheek, the otherwise unmarred face - a beautiful face, she thought immediately - and wondered. Petunia did not like the girl, she could tell, even though she visited sometimes to get out of the house. To meet her disgusting boyfriend, Dursley, Lily sister said that the nowhere girl felt like Lily did. The hospital girl, the nowhere girl as Lily thought of her as, was looking better as the doctors had worked on her broken ribs and leg broken bones were reset and plastered, and Lily wished she would soon turn seventeen so she could heal the nowhere girl. Her bruises were almost gone. She had scars. The nowhere girl was scarred. Lily hadn't noticed it at first, and thankfully the Muggle doctors hadn't either. But she had been there one afternoon, looking pensively at the boy in the picture in the girl's pocket. He had had hair like someone she had seen at school. Someone quite the disillusionment charm had worn off. Mudblood. That night in bed, after waking up from nightmares of mutilated arms for what felt like the millionth time, she remembered with a jolt that the girl had had a bag, and had been wearing a cloak. She asked the nurse about the nowhere girl's belongings the very next time she visited. "You know I can't really give them to you,do you honey?" "I know,ma'am,"Lily replied. A few minutes later,and she had the beaded bag in her hands, after picking a certain lock near the reception area. It had involved a fair amount of flirting with the guy that sat in charge, but her skills had been sharpened after watching the infamous Marauders for a solid six years and she had nicked the bag and the cloak. The bag was warded, with blood wards, it seemed. The cloak was of an ultra fine quality that was soft even after being caked with blood. "What happened to you?"Lily asked the nowhere girl. Light brown eyes stared back at her, looking through her. "You have beautiful eyes,"the girl whispered instead. Flickering her gaze between both of her eyes,Lily said urgently,"I can help you, if you tell me what happened. You were in pretty bad shape, and its taken almost all of July for you to wake up - and I have questions." "I don't doubt that. The most important one however, is this - can you handle the answers Lily Evans?"the girl asked with a look like sharp flint, all unfettered edges and unforgivable hardness. Lily jolted at the sound of her name, and, eyes wide, opened her mouth to speak before closing it again. "How do you know my name?''she asked,teeth gritted. "I need to rest,"was the answer before a placating,"for now." Lily huffed but nodded. "You will tell me, though?" The nowhere girl hummed. "What's your name?" "Hermione."
Last she knew, Lily'd had a whole dictionary worth of questions for the nowhere girl, for Hermione. A week after their first conversation at the hospital, and the subsequent release of Hermione from the place, found both girls sitting in Lily's bedroom in Cokeworth, some ways away from the home of the only wizard in the area, Lily's former best friend - the illustrious Severus Snape. As Lily regarded her companion, she could now truly observe the heaviness that followed her everywhere. It was the stench of dark magic, yes, but it was something worse too. It was the weight of loss, and Lily knew nothing about it ; it was an abstract concept that she had avoided so far. "What, no twenty questions today Lily Evans?" Hermione asked. "I don't know which ones to ask," Lily admitted, fingering her pale green bedspread. Hermione looked at her from underneath dark lashes, regarding her, taking the extent of her strength - not that she had doubted it, the brunette mused - and said, "You ought to start from the beginning, then, you will keep your own questions straight in your head that way without getting them jumbled up, or end up missing any." Biting her lip, Lily asked, "Will you tell me the truth? Because otherwise, the whole thing will be a complete waste of time and energy." "I have no reason to lie to you." "But you will lie to others about your situation ?" "I will simply have to - and you must do the same, or you won't know either." "Doesn't that depend on what you tell me? If it is dangerous, I will tell someone at Hogwarts, preferably Professor McGonagall." "She will believe you too, aren't you going to be Head Girl this year? Isn't James Potter going to be Head Boy?" she asked mischievously. "How do you - fine. I won't tell anyone you wouldn't want me talking to. You're too intriguing to pass up," Lily said firmly. "Begin then, Lily Evans. May your curiosities be satisfied," Hermione said mockingly with a bitter tang to her shifted her torso to rest it against the wall that Lily's bed touched on one side, and winced. "Okay then, what happened that day I found you?" Lily asked, tilting her head to one side and facing the other girl. "Nothing happened that day that you found nothing pertaining to me, except -as you pointed out - you found me." "Why're you so cryptic?" "Spent a lot of time with cryptic secret hoarders,"Hermione said and raised an eyebrow pointedly. "Huh - I don't know what you mean by that look. Tell me then, why were you there, where I found you?" "I was sent there - for reasons you will know soon." "Why there? I'm the only witch in the area for some miles around - does it have something to do with me?" , Lily asked, somehow knowing the affirmative answer already. "It does. You are the only one brilliant enough to help me", Hermione said, tracing the cast of her leg. Lily looked at the mending limb with regret but her upcoming birthday cheered her up enough. "I'm sorry. You seem to know a lot about me - but I don't know you. I don't know you from Hogwarts, and I'm not familiar with the wizarding community personally." "Let me be blunt then - I'm from the future, 1999 to be precise and Voldemort had won. I was the only one sane enough to be sent back to prevent that from happening," Hermione said. Lily stared. "Only - only one sane? What about your friends, teachers, what the hell happened ? God, what -" Hermione held up a hand, and began the most outrageous story that Lily would hear for the rest of her time. "I still don't know how I am connected to your future," Lily sighed. Hermione smirked. " You're the mother of my best friend - and no I'm not telling you who it is." "What does it mean exactly, that you've already changed things?" Lily asked. "For one thing, Hermione Granger will not be born in 1979 to Helen and Richard Granger. It is a sacrifice that I've had to make - not having my own parents know me - but it is not the first time that I've made it. " "Then it'll be someone else who will be born?" "As far as I know - they may not have any children at all." Lily looked at her, green eyes shining brightly, and saw her again as someone who could, and would make incomprehensible sacrifices, if it meant that You- Know -Who would be gone. "You're very brave, if it wasn't already apparent, it is now. To not have your parents at the same time as having them exist, but be oblivious to you - it is a hard decision," she said sincerely. "It doesn't make the regret any less harsh," Hermione said in a low voice. Lily touched her fingertips to hers, and whispered, "Necessary things often demand something - but if it means anything at all to you, I think your orginal decision of obliviating your parents was correct. Harsh, yes, but necessary." "It means everything, Lily." "Will you tell me everything, one day?,"the redhead asked. "Yes, you should know. Whatever new reality we forge, will undoubtedly have losses and pain, but it will always, always be better than the one I've left behind."
Chapter 3 Hello guys ! As my silly formatting in the previous chapters has shown, I am a complete newborn in the world of fanfic authorship. This is my first story, and as such, there are bound to be mistakes which I will try to avoid but which might creep in anyway. I want to thank all those who have reviewed, and that I value constructive advice (and criticism) and would not be offended if anyone wants to set me straight on some hideous gaffe. As all fanfic writers, I'm passionate about this and would love to learn more. Here's chapter 3. It had been somewhat strange for Lily to share her bedroom with Hermione, as the only person that she had previously shared her room with, was Petunia and that had been sufficiently unpleasant in their adolescence. It was therefore, with relief that she noted that Hermione was an easy person to live with, not stuffy and plenty efficient. She had introduced Hermione to her parents as a friend from Hogwarts and that had effectively ended Petunia's interactions with her roommate. She had relayed that Hermione would be staying with them for a day more in addition to her previous two already, as was requested by the girl herself. Her parents had been welcoming towards her. But what would Hermione do after that ? Lily wondered about this aloud to her, and the witch in question answered that she had enough funds to get her by. "I'll stay at the Leaky Cauldron. Don't worry about me, just focus on practicing occlumency. It is imperative that you close off your mind from others because of the - you know... " She shrugged in indication to the sensitive information that had been shared between them. Lily nodded. "I'll be seeing you at Hogwarts either way, and will be quite safe in Diagon Alley. Voldemort is not that active right now" Hermione pointed out. The very next day, Hermione woke Lily up early. Lily blinked as she tried to see in the dark of her room, finally making out Hermione's silhouette. "Whassamatter?" She grumbled. "Just telling you that I'm going to the Leaky. I'll owl you when I reach." Hermione said. "Oh - okay, be safe. I'll meet you in a few days for school shopping, if that's okay ?" "Of course. Practice meditation, I'll give you lessons in Occlumency later when you've achieved acceptable self compartmentalization. See you, Lily." She wouldn't call Hermione her friend, as of yet. Part of it was the impersonal nature of their conversations; everything Lily knew of the future was like a story to her. It had been intended that way, she realized. She oscillated between extreme anxiety and deep fear, the former reflecting her desire to learn more and the latter, her immediate reaction to bringing the war upon her head sooner than she had anticipated. She was afraid, despite belonging to the house of the brave Godric Gryffindor, she could not let go of the chill that had settled in her bones at the prospect of getting in the thick of the upcoming bloodbath. The way Hermione had spoken though, made it clear that she wanted minimum damage. Would that even be possible? She was only a girl of sixteen. Could she do something as altering, as shifting, as play with time? From the things that Hermione had told her, it must indeed have been very dire circumstances that must have happened for her to go to an entirely different generation for help. She had mentioned her son, but Lily did not think about it much, because the idea and the desire for home life was far from her mind. A smaller part of her was skeptical about the whole matter. Her birthday rolled around on a Friday, the day after she received her shiny, new Head Girl badge and regulation Hogwarts letter. She penned a note to Hermione to let her know she would be in Diagon on Monday, when the crowds would've dispersed after the weekend. The owl, her Titus, was back within the hour. Dear Lily, Happy Birthday! I have, however, already healed my leg after listening to you go on about wanting to do it for so long. Shot an Episkey at it immediately when I apparated to Diagon. I'm eager to meet you again. Dumbledore has accepted my admission request, after seeing my transfer letters from Beauxbatons( as if!). It was most amazing, Lily. You should have seen my face, when I woke up on Wednesday(I was to meet the Headmaster later) and the letters were ready on my bedside! It is time correcting itself according to the situation, I guess. Also, I happen to be my mother's sister. Hermione Lily snickered. It was amazing, to wake up two decades in the past, and find yourself your own aunt. The hospice had been dreary. The nurses had been tough handlers. The smell of medicines overpowering. The doctor tolerable. But Lily Evans had been the literal cherry in the charcoal cake. Hermione had heard whatever she had about Harry's mother from Remus, Sirius, Professor McGonagall and that was it. They hadn't told her that the fiery girl was almost Hermione herself - with her stubborn questions, inquisitive nature and quick thinking. In short, she was a comfort in a foreign time, and a familiar pair of eyes that made her muscles involuntarily seize up in panic, but with enough warmth and innocence that Hermione hated to take her most beguiling characteristics and sharpen them. She did not miss Lily, she told herself in the dank room at the Leaky Cauldron, where her only companions were the stupid talking mirror and the owner, Tom (ironically) who gave her early wake up calls. Every morning when she lay in that place between sleep and consciousness, she wished for the whistle of the cold, winter wind and the tightening of his arm around her midsection. She avoided opening her eyes, delaying reality, wishing for freedom, and knowing that she could not yet have it. Even when she would, and she vowed to herself that she would, it would be empty. For her, at least. Nothing could replace the brief haven she'd found, one summer morning after the failed Battle of Hogwarts. She'd been alone for a few months by then, and had been scrambling for her wand, in a rare unguarded moment when she had heard the unmistakable drawl. "Put down the wand, Granger. It's taken me this long to find you - don't make me wait a lifetime." Her heart had teared up, eyes had welled up and her vision had failed her, but his scent was there, right in front of her - hanging in the air between them, the separation too much and too long to bear. Like one breath too late, on that day, Hermione Granger lived again as his name fell from her chapped lips in a sigh on the wind, and carried over to his parched ears - his name, the most important name to her. "Draco." "Hey." Hermione looked up from her perusal of the Daily Prophet to the radiant, weary face of Lily Evans. Her read hair was pulled back in a high ponytail and she carried a small purse in one hand. Hermione smiled. "Lily!" she said gaily, injecting the proper amount of cheer to her voice. "How are you?" "Bit nervous. Ever since you dropped that bucket load of temporal problems on me, I've slept with my wand under my pillow ," Lily said, letting loose a stilted laugh. Hermione could not honestly say that she could understand what emotion ran through Lily at that moment, for she had been contending with danger for the majority of her life, and normal did not exactly exist. It was second nature for her to keep her wand at the ready, to keep all senses perked up, and to be on guard at the slightest of out-of-turn things. To dispel the need to provide comfort to the other witch, for she did not do comfort - Lavendar and her rabbit incident was testimony to that - she said instead, "Why don't we go to the bookstore first and browse non-academic books while you tell me what exactly you're holding out on me and I will put an end to it?" There was a stern note to that statement that did not go unnoticed by Lily, who narrowed her eyes, and spat, "Fine, let's." Hermione smirked a borrowed smirk, which put Lily even further on edge.
Hey guys! A huge thank you to everyone who has reviewed. One thing that I really want to address is the chapter length, and that it will probably be a bit inconsistent because I can only write when I'm not preparing for, like, an extremely important exam - which is most of the time. September first dawned sooner than Hermione would've liked; she found herself not quite strong enough to return to the site where the last whiff of hope had been extinguished in her time. The day itself was a deviation from the dreary London weather in that it appeared to shine ever golden, the sun's rays beating steadily upon her back as she stood in Diagon Alley, the store fronts gleaming so bright that she avoided looking at them head on. Low hoots of owls, the yowls of irritated cats, the scuttling creatures that she could not identify, all beckoned to her from inside the Magical Menagerie. She had walked by the store everyday, contemplating the feasibility of getting herself a familiar and always turning back due to the sudden foreboding that crept upon her. In the end, she put the idea completely out of her mind - she could still see Crookshanks' orange fur whipping out of sight behind her, gone forever. Some distance away, she spied the apothecary and she recalled the unpleasant encounter that she had had with young Snape there. He had been disdainful and had almost shoved her into a vat of beetle eyes, claiming she had been blocking his way. How Lily had ever befriended him, she didn't understand but what she did was this, that Snape would never knowingly put Lily in danger. Hermione hadn't let anything about Snape's love for Lily, be known to her redhead acquaintance. Casting a Tempus charm, she sighed and rubbed the flesh over her heart, unsuccessfully trying to lessen the sharp stings that had flared up. Lately, no matter what she tried, the weight of her voyage had been stifling her and with no one around to share her burden, she had started to bow to the heaviness. She smoothed her expression, not adept at portraying false positive emotion but certainly capable of being aloof. The train ride had been uneventful and numbing. Hermione felt like a spectator, watching herself board, finding a compartment occupied by only two lower year students who were too busy stacking up Chocolate Frog cards to pay any heed to her. The sun climbed up the horizon and descended the other side. The picturesque scenery whirred by in a blur of green. The sky opened up in warmth. Hermione sat, in shock. It was something of note, however, that the shock was at least better than pain; the numbed senses heaving relieved breaths at having being spared sharp scrutiny by their owner. The oblivion was certainly better, by no means ideal - because tainted emotions still wavered in the background - but better. Rolling in at Hogsmeade Station, the train slowed to a stop and the usual ruckus of hundreds of students filled the air. Hermione changed her clothes with a flick of her wand, the 70's style uniform not much changed from her own time. Leaving her luggage, just the trunk, she stepped out onto the platform. She saw Lily's red hair swinging in the distance, and turned away. The other girl had asked if Hermione would like to sit with her friends, or with Lily herself in the Heads' Compartment but she had declined without giving a reason and had not been pushed further for one. Hermione wanted to be alone, just like she truly was and would always be, in a time outside of hers that felt more secondary than anything else. She climbed into a carriage with some other girls who laughed and talked with one another in good humor, and she was content to be ignored. She ignored the questioning looks they shot her, pretending at being lost in thoughts when actually, her mind had gone strangely blank. Somewhere, shining in front of the carriages loomed Hogwarts castle. She tasted the magic in the air, and her heart beat faster and faster with the thestrals' steady trot. Too soon, they stopped and Hermione followed the students up the stairs, into the Entrance Hall, to the side of which stood Professor McGonagall. Her favorite teacher, once - who had laid down her life for her - looked at her in abstract recognition and motioned her over. "You must be Miss Granger," she said, peering at her closely. At her nod, she continued. "Welcome to Hogwarts. The Headmaster has informed the staff about your situation, and I offer my condolences on the loss of your parents. Your sorting...will be done right now, before the First Years..." she turned to look inside the open gate of the Great Hall, presumably checking whether all the students were seated. "Follow me, Miss Granger." Her throat closed up and she tried to banish the last look she'd had of the same Hall, destroyed beyond anything and littered with bodies upon bodies, so many indeed that she could not identify which had been a friend and which had not. In the center had stood the creature that had devoured her world whole and spat it out, sucked of all life and stinking of something she was sure had been native to the hell of the ultimate sinners. The students turned in their seats to look at the late arrival. She tried her best to focus only in front of her in a straight line and reached the low stool upon which the Sorting Hat was set. Looking at Dumbledore, he motioned for her to face the doors, and as she did, he spread his arms to the sides to quell the students' clamor. "Due to circumstances outside of ordinary, I have been compelled to bend a rule that allows only students of eleven to start at our school." The Hall went hush. "I would like to introduce Miss Hermione Granger, who will be a seventh year student and will attend classes here at Hogwarts and is now going to be sorted into her house, which I'm sure will be welcoming towards her." Hermione stepped forward. Instead of telling her to sit on the stool, Dumbledore plucked the dusty hat up and placed it on her head. It didn't cover her eyes anymore but she found herself unfocused on the Hall and the curious eyes of the students. The hat was silent for several moments, which was a deviation from her original sorting wherein it had debated rather heatedly about whether to place her in Slytherin or Gryffindor or Ravenclaw, the middle one being deemed appropriate and all else her fate. You are colored with sacrifice, Miss Granger...with courage and with craftiness. You have a GOAL, a MISSION...and you are brave to take it on. There are many colors that would welcome you, but they would also stifle you - the only one that would bring you fortitude...is RED... "GRYFFINDOR!" The hat roared out loud. When she sat at the Gryffindor table by Lily who had called her over and introduced her to the other girls, she saw someone watching her closely. She looked at him with narrowed eyes, and had to clamp her hands upon her knees to stop them shaking when she saw eyes like his - gray like storm clouds, but silvery - staring intently at her from under sharp black eyebrows, and equally black, shoulder length hair, artfully tousled. Her heart went galloping, racing wildly when the boy grinned roguishly, and promptly deadened in relief when she realized who it was. Sirius Black. Who else could it be beside him, she thought in wry amusement, but a Harry replica with wrong eyes, a young professor and a fat, little rat? She had trouble sleeping. Granted, she'd always slept badly if she wasn't with Draco, but she wished - she wished so hard that her head hurt with the expended effort - that she could have just one full night of sleep. An idea forms in her mind. Getting out of the four poster bed in the dorm, she looked at the sleeping forms of Mary MacDonald, Alice Brown and Marlene McKinnon, and then at her trunk at the foot of her bed. Opening it, she rummaged through it till she found her beaded bag. A wand less Accio brought a slim object to her fingers. A perfect ten inches and made of hawthorn, she brought Draco's wand to eye level - the thrum of magic running through it still - and breathed heavily through her nose. She closed her eyes. And held out the wand in front of her at shoulder height. White blond hair came into view. Her grip tightened. She tried not to think of the last time. Instead, she thought about the first. Sixth year, empty Potions classroom, only him. Only her. Before the collision, they stared across a desk, boring their eyes into the other's. He moved faster than her; a beat later she was pressed up against him. They collided. Bodies turned into one mold and their lips fastened together. Keeping her eyes closed, she whispered, "Expecto Patronum." She stared at the patronus for hours. Early morning saw her fast asleep.
Chapter 5 She was growing listless, and increasingly detached. Two weeks into term, Hermione had already come close to her breaking point far too many times - she had pushed up her Occlumency skills hard; even so, she could feel herself slipping. Down, down the rabbit hole, she dropped. Transfiguration lessons in which she wouldn't have dared to take her attention off of Professor McGonagall in her time, found her eyes moving in the windows' direction. The air, so free, so separate from her made her yearn for flight. Her wings fluttered uselessly in the recesses of her mind, where once she had flown high and now down she went. The nights saw Hermione repeatedly casting the patronus, using only Draco's wand and not her own. It was, after all, his patronus - his panther, sleek and dangerous, indescribable. How long could she keep this up? She wondered sometimes when she sat high in the Astronomy tower, staring at the surrounding lands and feeling more trapped than ever. She had to remind herself that she had a mission, and that the very fate of the world sat in her palm and it would be exceedingly easy to squander away this one chance. It was also, she thought, very easy to redirect herself with fervor when she thought of Draco's ultimate act of selflessness - in her eyes, it was such, but he insisted it was to his happiness that she would contribute if she went along with the most insane plan of all time - and his bravery, which pushed her forward without fail. Her breath escaped her in a sigh, and she continued to search for solace in the wide open skies. Lily had observed the silent downward slope that Hermione was balancing on, everyday she looked at the brunette and anxiety shot through her like live-wire. The girl was, in all senses, unresponsive to human closeness. Lily had though that there could've been some growth in their interactions when they had come to Hogwarts, as was to be expected since Hermione spent Lily's every free evening training her in Occlumency. She was a good teacher and was pretty relentless. Despite her obvious turmoil, she had not slacked off on Lily's training, and was pushing her harder each time they met. She was personally pleased whenever she received a compliment for her efforts, because they were few and far in between. Through all this, two things - boys, actually - had been pestering her for different reasons that were more connected than was suspected by aforementioned hormone-riddled males. Every morning at breakfast, she was accosted by her fellow Head and his best friend. Case in point: "Evans...Lily - its been six years this September," James started again on a Thursday in the second week after their return. "End my agony, and please, go out with me?" he begged, flashing her a grin, his hazel eyes flashing. Before giving her a chance to reply, Black - of all people - snatched her toast out of her hands, and, passing it to James, he whispered conspiratorially to her, "He's obsessed with watching you eat, Evans. The idea of other things near your mouth ... hmm, let's say it's a recurring fantasy of his ... also, you did not answer my question," he wagged his eyebrows. She glared at him hotly while James gnashed his teeth at Sirius, eyes wide and afraid of what else could be revealed. Somewhere to her side, a seat away, Peter Pettigrew sniggered. The Black heir only grinned wider and took a sip of some orange juice. Lily huffed and took up another toast. Biting off a piece, she looked at James' imploring look and shook her head. To Black, she said, "I've told you this many times: Hermione Granger is to be spared your jokes and innuendos and your general annoying presence. She's my friend, and I don't want you bothering her." "Maybe she wants me to bother her," he shot back, brushing his shiny black hair behind his ear. "Does her obvious avoidance not give you enough idea, Black - look, she's here, and don't you dare bother her. No pranks!" she hissed. Turning around in her seat, she waved at Hermione who had taken a seat at a spot near the end of the table. Sirius got up suddenly, looking hopefully at the late arrival to breakfast. She yanked him back by his sleeve. "Potter! Get your stupid friend to lay off mine." "Pads, come back and don't slobber over the new girl." Paying them both no attention, Sirius ambled over to Hermione only to be grabbed by an incoming Remus Lupin by the collar. Lily sighed in relief. She wanted to give Hermione the space that the girl clearly needed, and Sirius Black lusting after her would set her back even further into her maudlin moods. "Don't bother the pretty witch, Sirius, or Lily will start taking points," Remus said when they reached their usual spot. Ignoring James' attempts to entice her into a lunch in the kitchens - by themselves - she glared at the offender. "He's right, Black. Thank you, Remus - you should have been Head Boy," she looked pointedly at the real Head and grimaced. Potter withered. Two seats away, Marlene McKinnon scowled at Sirius, and Lily snorted in silent glee. It had been rather frosty between the two since they had broken up last term, despite it being obvious to everyone that they were still on-and-off every other day. Of course, she wouldn't let Sirius Black near someone as non - frivolous as Hermione. She was going to look out for her. Yes, Sirius would've another thing coming if he acted like the impulsive brat he was. A Lily not-so-sweet. There are many hurdles in her plan. Somehow, when being on the run with Draco, she had never asked him to teach her the technique for controlling Fiendfyre. It has come back to bite her in the arse, and now, she has another thing to master along with teaching Lily Occlumency, keeping herself out of the spotlight - any that had been accorded to her for being the one transfer student at Hogwarts in years has worn off - keeping her actual intentions from Lily herself, and trying to control the voice in her head that screamed bloody murder at the slightest of irritants that she encounters. At that time, it had been far, far too important to kiss Draco deeper and hold him closer and make love with him every few hours. She had never known how hungry she was, until she was hooked on his addicting voice, deep due to his arousal and whispering down her skin like the softest of feathers. He had repainted her in his colors, sharp and red like the edge of a sinful sword bathed in the light of passion, and she had readily drowned in him, time and time again, until she was no more sure of the independence of her own essence. Dripping with sweat, they'd lain close, watching the seasons pass for months and months from the gap in the tent where the flap had been pinned away. The colors of nature changed, and so did they, until every other reality than the one they had created was washed away in the fade of time. The faces of her friends - every last of them, dead - became memory and she clung to the last one she would not relinquish, but eventually had had to. Fiendfyre had been the last thing from her mind. Hermione averted her honey brown eyes from the parchment on her desk, already complete with the answers to their Charms test and looked around at Lily, sitting to her right. As she waited for her to finish, so they should pass inane, coded notes - ranging from little anecdotes of her own time to Lily's queries about the obscure branches of magic Hermione intended for them to both to practice - she inadvertently found her gaze snagged by Sirius Black's. God, why wouldn't he just lay off? She closed her eyes and started rechecking her answers. They were correct. The prickling at the back of her neck remained, however and she knew that he would be staring at her, the idiot. She caught Remus' sheepish grin at her refusal to look at his friend, and she shook her head at the lot of them. It had been a new experience for Hermione to have been so popular at school that nearly everyone was either after her skirt - cue Sirius and a lot of other boys, even Slytherins, expected though it was, remembering Theo Nott and Blaise Zabini's incessant teasing at school - or after her brain - cue Remus. Her secretive nature and mysterious past had pulled the inquisitive Slytherins in her direction, disregarding her blood status temporarily. History was repeating itself, or rather, the future was - in any case, there were some things that time couldn't help but showcase again on the stage that is the world. That night, Remus' innocent and burden-free expression churned her mind for ideas. She traced her fingers wonderingly over Draco's wand, the beginnings of hope taking shape inside her. As form and solidification fortified her plan, she sprang up from her bed and hurriedly stashed her wand and Draco's in a pocket of her robe. Less than a minute later, she was exiting the Common Room under the invisibility cloak, heading towards a certain room on the seventh floor. As luck would have it, she collided with the very boy who happened to own her cloak's present iteration, who was also, it appeared, using it with his fellow Marauder. "Ouch! Pads - there's someone ... shit-" Eyes wide, Hermione checked her own Marauders Map. How did she miss the boys coming? There were two dots clustered in a space a few feet ahead of her. Her head throbbed where she had knocked it on something and she stashed the map into her cloak. She made to sidestep the matter entirely, but - "Who's there?" The Head Boy spoke up. She grit her teeth, not answering. "Speak up, or the Head Boy will be forced to dock points," a slightly teasing voice, deep and clearly belonging to Sirius Black taunted. Again she remained silent. A muffled thwack sounded from their general direction. "What the hell, Pads! You just outed me - Yes, whoever it is, show yourself and you may be spared detention." How irresponsible were the two of them? She balked at the very idea of revealing herself by now, but they would immediately know it when she moved, just as they knew exactly who was out past curfew. This was bad. Bad, bad, bad. Confund them. She startled badly at the voice. It had clearly come from her own mind. She couldn't believe it. Going around confunding people left and right whenever she was in a spot of trouble? That was so not her. Besides, they were talking about James, who was the Head. He was always spending large amounts of time with Lily on account of Head duties, and she would immediately know what was going on. She was bright that way, that Lily Evans. There are other ways of bending people to your will. This was getting quite freaky. Other ways? During her internal monologue, it seemed that the two boys were discussing something amongst themselves - considering the shushed voices. You could make them forget ... The voice trilled, stressing the last word. Or I could shove you into a pit of fire. She seethed at the hissed suggestion, putting up her mental shields. Faint laughter echoed inside her skull, crashing into the inner walls. Coming to a decision, she quickly whipped her cloak off of her and immediately stuffed it into her cloak pocket, so none of her unexpected companions would recognize the rippling fabric. "It's me, James." A swishing sound, followed by a quickly whipped out-of-sight cloak brought forth her two busters. Equally dark head of hair on their head, they both grinned at one another. "Granger - you're out past curfew. I'm afraid I'm going to have to dock points," James said, jerking his neck to one side, as if it had a crick. "If you do that, then it is only fair that you dock some more points due to your friend, who is neither prefect nor head, and it is so far beyond curfew that even if had been the former, he would've earned himself at least a detention," she pointed out primly, determinedly not looking at the silver eyed boy next to him. They shared a look amongst themselves. "Nevertheless, Sirius was with me and had permission. You don't have either excuse." They both looked so smug that Hermione didn't even feel bad about what she said next. "You want me tell Lily about your unfair treatment - since I'm sure no teacher in their right mind would give him a permission slip?" James paled. "Oi-" Sirius started, but she shot him a venomous look which did the trick of shutting him up. That look had shut up fiercer wizards than the one in front of her. She continued, crossing her arms over her chest, "What're you doing sneaking about anyway? You can go practically anywhere you want." She directed this to James, since he was the obvious weak link and had more to lose. It had not escaped her notice that Sirius was uncharacteristically subdued around her, not just now, but every time she was in the vicinity, he seemed to withdraw into some kind of shell and she didn't know how to work with that. "Force of habit," Sirius gritted out, at last. Gracing him with a cursory look, she spread her palms open and turned them open in front of her in an appeasing gesture. "Here's what's going to happen, Potter, Black. You're both going to let me go wherever, and in turn I will keep your slithery behavior from Lily. It's clearly more suspicious than mine," she stated in a tone that brokered no argument. "I can't just do that. You could be doing something-" "Dangerous? Sneaky? I was just going to the kitchens, Potter." James and Sirius blinked, not having expected that. "Who told you where the kitchens are?" Sirius asked slowly. "Remus." She shrugged. James exhaled heavily, and then looked at Hermione with a ghost of smile. Then, turning his head heavenwards, he spoke, as if in a song, "The things I do for you - Lily flower!" Hermione struggled to control her expression, which became even more difficult when she caught sight of Sirius who was snickering into the palm of his hand, his long black hair falling across his face, his eyes on her. She looked away. "Do we have an agreement?" Till the early hours of morning, when the rest of the student body was fast asleep, Hermione Granger practiced the wand movements for casting Fiendfyre. She couldn't wait to destroy Voldemort, once and for all, to cause him the pain that would inevitably come with the knowledge that he was fallible, and that he was mortal - when she turned him again that way - and that she was going to do him the worst of all turns that he could fathom. She would send him to Death's doors, come hell or high water. Even if it meant her own life - which she treated with callous distance.
