Prompt: "He set fire to the world around him but never let a flame touch her." Category: Angst Rating: T Warnings: Implied coercion. She looked lovely, standing at the balcony, staring out at the city scattered beneath her feet. Her brown hair caught in the wind and revealed her pale, bare shoulders, as pale as the hands gripping the railing, and the bare feet peeking out from beneath the sheer white shift she wore.He could see the narrow nip of her waist, the gentle flare of her hips, and her thin tapering legs. The wind blew more constantly, and her hair whipped forward, covering her face. She didn't move. She might be cold. He slipped his cloak off his shoulders and approached her, dropping it over her shoulders and gently brushing back the curls obscuring her eyes. She still didn't move. "What's on your mind?" She was silent for several seconds. "Many things." His fingers curled into a slow fist when she failed to say anything else. "Such as?" There was a longer silence, and he watched her knuckles turn white. Her body began to shake minutely. "I was calculating how many seconds it would take me to hit the ground if I jumped off the balcony. How many people are dead because of me. How many will die if I stay alive. And how many you'll kill if I died now," she finally said in a forced, automatic voice. A curdling sensation swept through his gut. His lip curled into a snarl as he gripped her shoulder and forced her to turn and face him. "I'll kill them all if you die." Her lovely brown eyes were flat as she looked up at his face and nodded slowly. "That was my conclusion." "Good," he said in clipped voice. He let go of her and stalked back inside. Once he was alone, he wrenched open a drawer in his closet and pulled out an old photo of her. Her eyes were bright and dancing, and he watched as she wrapped her arms around Potter and Weasley, threw back her head, and laughed. He could almost hear it, although she hadn't laughed for years now. She feigned it—polite chuckles in response to his jokes or the jokes of his friends. Her eyes always stayed flat. The light in them didn't dance; the corners didn't crinkle. She never gripped her chest or gasped as though she couldn't breathe from it. She was never happy. Nothing he gave her was ever enough. He'd set fire to the world around him, but never let a flame touch her. He hadn't calculated that her unbearable sense of empathy meant she'd feel it all anyway.
Prompt: "But how can you walk away from something and still come back to it." Neil GaimanCategory: Comedy, Fluff Rating: M Warnings: references to torture, alcohol abuse. ~~~~~~~~ All roads lead to Rome. Draco had read the line in a book as a child, hadn't had the faintest idea what it meant, and been too nervous to ask his father. For as long as he could remember, everyone told him he was smart. His mother. His father. His grandparents. The parents of other children. He was Draco Malfoy. He was smart. He was going to break hearts. Those were the pillars upon which he built his identity. He tried very hard throughout his life to only do things that would ensure people would continue thinking he was smart. He didn't ask questions when he felt like he was probably supposed to know the answer. He didn't try to do things if he wasn't sure if he could succeed at them. He cheated—which might have been rather unfair of him, but if he was smart enough to get away with it, didn't that just highlight the point? Yet, somehow, life had really not gone nearly as well as he'd hoped. For one thing, being Draco Malfoy had become disgraceful. For another, he'd spent his entire formal education at Hogwarts being soundly trounced academically by a Muggle-born. And finally, and most recently, said Muggle-born was was in the process of stomping his heart into pieces. All roads might have led to Rome once, but in Draco's life and experience they all led to bushy-haired, bossy-voiced, know-it-all, swot extraordinaire Hermione Granger. No matter which choice he made, or which aspect of his identity he had tried to lean into, Granger's irritatingly large eyes somehow appeared in the horizon of his life and proceeded to bowl him over. He was never the smart one when she was in the room. Not ever. Not even remotely. Granger just oozed brilliance out of her pores. Any accomplishment Draco had ever managed, Granger had probably done it two or three years prior and without training. He was Draco Malfoy and, as Malfoys do, he'd gone and become a Death Eater, thinking that the world would be a much more delightful place if over-accomplished Mudbloods stopped mucking it up for him. Somehow that road had also led to Granger: in his drawing room, screaming while his aunt tortured her. As he'd stood frozen in horror, it dawned on him that a world without over-accomplished Mudbloods wasn't a world in which he was any better, it was just a world with a lower ceiling. So he'd turned on his heel and walked away from the entire ideology of it. He'd thought a one hundred and eighty degree turn would send him in a direction in which Granger would never cross paths with him again. And yet… Draco wasn't sure if his world was just that small, or Granger somehow loomed incredibly large, or possibly she did something to disrupt physics or gravity that constantly put her into whatever path he took. They'd ended up on the same charity board, which he'd told himself would be fine given that it was a large charity and he was not really an active member aside from writing numerous cheques for them. But then somehow he'd been dragged into hosting a charity gala, which had resulted in his having to plan the said gala with Granger. Draco had told himself it was fine as he was dragged rapidly down yet another road involving Granger's extremely large, bright eyes, and thoughtfully pursed lips. He'd swerve at the last moment or perform a Wronski Feint or something, and the road would go around Granger. He reminded himself of it the entire evening while he downed glass after glass of champagne, and danced holding her in his arms, and repeatedly drowned in her aggravatingly enormous eyes. It was fine, until it wasn't fine any more. It turned out, in retrospect, that Draco had drunk too many glasses of champagne while telling himself that it really was going to be the last time he interacted with Granger. As they stood in the empty ballroom, Granger kicked off her shoes and pulled out the pins keeping her hair in place while helping the house-elves clean up. Her eyes kept getting larger and closer, and when she looked up at him and made a joke about the melting ice sculpture, Draco forgot about swerving. He kissed her. He kissed her and she kissed him back, and they kept kissing and made it all the way up the staircase and down the hall into his room. He'd pulled her dress off and tangled his hands in her bushy hair; drank in the moans that dripped from her clever mouth; and nibbled and nipped and kissed her brilliant skin; and watched her enormous eyes grow dark. When he came inside her, and then fell asleep kissing her and holding her in his arms, he decided that maybe all roads were supposed to lead to Granger. Maybe that was the point. Except she was gone when he woke the next morning; and he'd been lying in bed for ten hours now, trying to re-evaluate his entire existence once again. His road had led to Granger, but now that he'd reached her, she'd gone, gathered her things, and left without a word to anyone, not even the house-elves. He took a despairing drag from the cigarette dangling between his fingers. Now that there was no doe-eyed Granger on his horizon, he wasn't sure what direction he was supposed to go in. Since the age of eleven there had always been two directions—towards Granger or away from Granger, and they'd always ended up being the same direction in the end. Now it felt as though the needle in his compass was left spinning wildly, and he didn't know anymore which direction was towards her or away from her or anything else about the nature of the universe. Therefore, he had decided not to get out of bed until he died. He theorised that if he smoked and drank aggressively enough he could probably cut his estimated life-span in half, which meant only forty or fifty years of mourning. His mother came and tried to force him to come down for lunch and he flatly refused. He drank firewhiskey all afternoon and when he was on the verge of passing out or maybe dying from alcohol poisoning, Granger materialised in his bedroom. "Myyyy god," he slurred and sat up to glare at her. "How is it my life always ends up fucked by you?" She folded her arms and stood glaring at him. Draco threw his hands in the air. "It doesn't matter what I do, or don't do. It's always you. Every time I walk away, I always end up coming back to you from a different angle. I can't even peaceably die in my own bed." Draco pressed a hand against his heart and fell back into the pillows. "What have I ever done to you to deserve this—?" He blinked and then said, "Aside from the obvious." Granger still wasn't saying anything, which was fortunate because Draco had a lot to say. "You've ruined my life. Obliterated my identity. I'm never the smartest, and now it's not even impressive to be pure-blooded anymore—and I was getting over it, but—but why? Why did you have to break my heart?" He glared at her again, still gripping his wounded chest. She sighed and tucked several curls behind her ears. "Draco—I had to catch a portkey this morning. I'm positive I told you." Draco blinked and stared up at the ceiling. Now that she mentioned it, he did recall her breathily murmuring something about not being able to stay while he was busy kissing along her throat and divesting her of the dress she'd been wearing. Something about Sweden. "Oh…" he said slowly. "Right."
Prompt: Draco refers to Hermione as "his witch." Rating: T Category: Fluff Warnings: None. ~~~~~~~~~~~~ She stood glaring at him with her hands on her hips, drawn up to her fully unintimidating height of barely more than five feet. Her eyes were flashing, and her hair appeared to have begun moving of its own volition. There were small sparks emitting from several particularly angry looking curls. "Being senior undersecretary to the Minister doesn't give you permission to remove an Unspeakable from their department and assign them as a personal bodyguard for your vacation to Santorini. This is a blatant abuse of power, and you will go and tell the Minister that aurors will be a perfectly acceptable security detail"—her voice grew deadly—"unless you want to find out exactly what it is that I do in the Department of Mysteries." She smacked a piece of parchment down on his desk and turned on her heel. Draco watched Hermione strut angrily out of his office and the door slam with a resounding bang. He leaned back with a resigned sigh and eyed the smoldering piece of paper. Apparently he wouldn't be proposing to her this weekend either. He twirled his wand in his fingers and stared thoughtfully at the ceiling, trying to think of a new means of prying his witch out of her beloved laboratory for a few days without tipping her off.
Prompt: Old and bickering dramione. Category: Fluff Rating: T Warnings: None. ~~~~~~~~~~~~ Hermione stared down at the milk toast the house-elves had placed before her. "Darling—" Her husband looked over his newspaper at her, his eyes glittering. "Yes, my light?" It was difficult to say whose voice dripped with more saccharine sarcasm. Hermione studied him for several seconds in silence before her lips curved into a razor-edged smile and she speared a piece of soggy bread with her fork. "I just wanted to say how relieved I am that you aren't being petulant because I said you shouldn't participate in the Quidditch game this weekend." Draco folded his paper and laid it aside. His silver hair matched his glittering grey eyes. "Of course not, Dearest. After all, I am ' old ' and 'not nearly as fit as I like to think I am.' It brought to mind that I haven't cared for you in your old age as attentively as I should. Given that you are nearly a year older than I, I realised some proactive measures were in order." Hermione nodded slowly. "Now that I think about it, my jaw has been bothering me." Concern suddenly flashed in Draco's eyes. A thin smile graced Hermione's face. "I think it's probably for the best that I avoid any rigorous oral activities for the next several months, don't you?"
Prompt: "I said get rid of it." Rating: T Warnings: None ~~~~~~~~~~~~ "I said get rid of it, or move it," Hermione said in a cold voice. "But—" "I said no, and I meant no. Choose a different floor, or I'll change my mind about it completely." "Why?" She whirled on him. "Oh I don't know, maybe because I don't want to have a sex dungeon !" Draco sighed with resignation and rubbed his forehead. "Would the fourth floor be acceptable?" Hermione nodded and turned primly back to her paperwork. "That's fine. I just don't want it in the dungeons."
Prompt: One bed. Rating: T Category: Rom-com Warnings: None. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ "No." "We'll take it," Granger said promptly, ramming her extremely pointy elbow into his ribs. "We will not," he muttered as he doubled over and struggled against wheezing. "Ignore him." Granger was smiling brightly at the concierge and handing over a credit card while her stiletto heel drove agonisingly into his foot. "There are other hotels," he said, trying not to hobble as he chased her down a long hallway. "Hundreds. This city is massive. It's not like this is the only hotel." "Shut up, Malfoy," she said coldly as she reached the door and slotted the hotel key in. The lock beeped and turned green. As she gripped the knob, Draco's hand closed over hers, his heart was pounding heavily in his chest. "Granger—" he said in a weak voice, struggling to find the right words. "I cannot share a bed with you." Her eyes narrowed dangerously. "I'm not trekking around an unfamiliar city at one o'clock in the morning to find another hotel. I'm tired. I have had an exceptionally long day putting up with you. I am sleeping here. If you want to go find another hotel on your own, be my guest. Now. Get. Out. Of. My. Way." Blood was roaring his ears as she pushed the door open and stepped in, flicking the switch by the door and kicking her shoes off in the same movement. She gave a breathy sigh of relief that coiled through his gut and sent a flush of heat across his chest as he followed her into the room and let the door shut behind him. She peeled off her slick raincoat and hung it in the closet and dropped her bag onto the dresser. Draco's eyes were locked on the bed. It wasn't the smallest bed, but it looked small when his mind was filled with the thought that it would be Granger lying beside him, close enough to easily reach out towards, and she apparently had no objections whatsoever to such an arrangement. The collar on his shirt was soaked and felt stifling. He reached up, loosened his tie, and undid the top several buttons. He allowed his gaze to travel away from the bed back to Granger. Her hands were sliding up her leg and under the hem of her sheath dress. Draco tried not to choke audibly. Was she unhooking her stocking? Did she wear stockings with a garter belt? He wasn't sure if he had the fortitude to know that particular detail about her. Draco felt as though he were on the verge of a heart attack as his eyes followed her pale hands as they slid along her inner-thigh. Merlin… Morgana… Circe… Her hands slipped out from under the hem of her dress. Her wand was gripped in her right hand. She straightened and, with a quick flick, shrank the chair, desk, and mini-fridge. She levitated them up into her hand and then lined them neatly along the top of the dresser. She waved her wand again and extended the room by an additional ten feet and then proceeded to conjure a second bed complete with duvet and several pillows. She pivoted on her heel and leveled him with a scathing glare before she added an enormous privacy curtain.
Prompt: Harry and Draco trapped in an elevator after Draco and Hermione's relationship has become public. Rating: T Warnings: Some language. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ "Potter." "Malfoy." Harry pressed a button on the lift and then stepped back, leaning back against the wall and folding his arms loosely as he stared at the pointy-faced prat his best friend had just announced she was dating. Malfoy's eyes were locked on the lift doors. His expression was cool and indifferent, but as Harry studied him, he noticed that the corners of Malfoy's eyes were tense and the fingers of his left hand twitched as though he were fighting the urge to reach for his wand. Harry cleared his throat and watched Malfoy's entire body go rigid for a split-second. He started to open his mouth. Hermione will murder you if you mess with him. He shut his mouth resignedly and wished the lift would hurry up. Instead, there was a grinding sound, and the lift abruptly came to a halt. Malfoy let out a disbelieving breath and stepped forward, jamming his thumb repeatedly against the buttons. The lift buttons illuminated but nothing happened. Malfoy banged against doors and swore under his breath. He tilted his head back and rolled his jaw so that it popped audibly before turning to look at Harry. "Well," was all Malfoy said before leaning back against the opposite wall and loosely folding his arms, mirroring Harry's stance. He's got his wand in an arm holster, Harry realised. After several deafening minutes of silence Malfoy snorted. "I'm not going to fight you, Potter. If you're going to pummel me in the lift, you'll have to make the first move. Just get it over with." His teeth were bared, and he had the same nasty sneer on his face that he'd worn at school. Harry's eyebrows shot up. "I'm not going to attack you. Hermione will murder me if I mess with her personal life." Malfoy didn't relax one bit. "Right," he said in a tone thick with disbelief. "The lift just happened to break with you and I in here." Harry shrugged. "Well. I've been here the whole time. So—wasn't me." Malfoy's eyes rolled briefly, and he turned and stared stonily at the doors. The silence dragged until Harry couldn't take any more. "How's working in the Wizengamot?" Malfoy's jaw twitched. "We really don't need to talk, Potter." There were several more minutes of silence. "So—you and Hermione," Harry said, stuffing his hands into his pockets and finding a snitch he'd forgotten about. "I can't say I ever expected that." "I imagine not." Malfoy didn't look away from the doors. Harry pulled the snitch out of his pocket and started tossing it and catching it. He eyed Malfoy. "You do actually care about her, right? This isn't some plan your dad hatched up to make your family look better by using her, is it?" Malfoy's lip twitched and curled upward. "Yes, Potter, I'm using her, and I'm going to tell you all about it in a Ministry lift, and I chose her because there aren't any less obvious Muggleborns to date." Harry's eyes narrowed. "Why not? She was the Muggleborn you always said you hoped would die first. It's hard not to think this is just a different way to hurt her—since it's not fashionable to want her dead anymore." Malfoy's jaw twitched and the tension around his eyes got more obvious. "Right"—his voice was stiff—"because if I hurt her, it would assuredly make my family look better." Harry caught the snitch and gripped it. "It could be either one. Either way Hermione is the one who ends up hurt." Malfoy was silent for a second, and then he turned his head to look at Harry. His grey eyes were shuttered and cold. "So what now? Is this the part where you threaten me with Azkaban or grievous bodily harm? Order me to stay away from Granger or else? Do tell." Harry stared at him. "Why do you still call her Granger?" Malfoy twitched and looked away. "Habit." "Why do you like her?" Harry was trying not to come across as though he were interrogating Malfoy, but he realised he really wasn't doing a very good job of it. Malfoy wasn't even trying to hide his irritation. "Why do you like her?" Harry blinked and tried to think of a way to explain Hermione. "She's—Hermione," he finally said. He stuck his chin out. "She's my best friend." "That's why I like her too," Malfoy said in mocking voice. "Although I could live without the latter point." Harry glared at Malfoy. "She doesn't seem like your type." Malfoy raised an eyebrow. "My type? What type is that precisely?" "Someone who can't form an independent thought." He raised his eyebrows. "You've always liked the stupid people who'd follow you around and do whatever you told them. You weren't ever friends with anyone you thought was your equal, only people who let you feel like you were better than them." Harry was no longer trying to hide his dislike. "So—yeah, Hermione doesn't really seem like your type." Malfoy sneered at him. "Difficult as it may be for you to imagine, Potter, some of us are capable of evolving beyond our eleven year old selves." His hands had curled into fists, and he looked as though he were on the verge of trying to deck Harry. "What do you expect me to say? It's not as though it's convenient. Did you think I planned it? I've barely gotten my life back together, and now I've got another thing that everyone's waiting for me to fuck up." Malfoy slammed his fist against the doors and stood, radiating rage. Harry's mouth twisted and he rolled his eyes. "So why are you publicly dating her then?" Malfoy's hand slid down the door, and hise shoulders slumped. "I don't know how to stay away from her—and I didn't want her to think I was hiding her, that I didn't want to be seen with her. This way—when it goes south, the way everyone expects it to, it'll be my life fucked by it." Harry raised his eyebrows and tossed the snitch into the air again. "Sounds weirdly noble of you." Malfoy snorted. Harry leaned his head back against the wall. "Hermione goes all in on things," he said. "She never bails, no matter how bad things get or what it costs her. She doesn't care whether anyone will appreciate it. She always does what she thinks is right. If she thinks someone needs her, she doesn't know how to say no to them." His chest tightened. "I—took advantage of that a lot in school. I was so focused on what was happening to me that I never bothered to see how much I was asking from her without even noticing. Especially during the war." Harry gripped the snitch in his fist until the bones in his palm hurt. "I don't want to see that happen to her again." Malfoy nodded slowly, still staring intently as the doors. "Let me know—if she's hurting because of me." Harry was tempted to retort that if Malfoy hurt Hermione, Harry wouldn't be letting him know as a favour, but he bit his tongue. Malfoy sounded half-despairing. The lift suddenly jerked, descended a few more feet, and the doors slid smoothly open. Malfoy glanced at Harry out of the corner of his eye before straightening and walking rapidly out without a backwards glance. Harry followed him slowly and watched him enter the Magical Creatures Department. Hermione was standing by a receptionist desk with an enormous armful of scrolls and an overstuffed satchel hanging heavily from her shoulder. There was an anxious expression on her face as she spoke rapidly to the receptionist. Malfoy's walk slowed to a saunter. "I hope you aren't bringing all of that with you to lunch," he drawled. Hermione looked over. Her expression cleared and her eyes lit up. "Draco—I got caught in meetings and thought I might have missed you." Malfoy slid her bag off her shoulder and up onto his own and started taking all the scrolls. "Lift got jammed on the way down." Hermione's eyebrows furrowed. "That's odd. They're levitational, they shouldn't be able to get stuck." "Charmwork may be old. Did you still want to check out the new cafe in Diagon, or were you in the mood for something else?" They were heading back towards the lifts, and Harry stepped back to avoid several elderly witches returning from lunch. Hermione and Malfoy passed him without a glance and entered the lift. As the doors slid shut, Harry watched her slip her hand into Malfoy's and lean her head against his shoulder. The tense, defensive expression on Malfoy's face had disappeared. As he stared down at the top of Hermione's head, his face appeared unguarded for the first time in years. Then the doors shut entirely, and the couple disappeared from view. "Did it work?" Harry looked over as Ron appeared. "What?" "Trapping Malfoy in the lift with you. Jennings in maintenance owed me a favour. When I saw you get on, I legged it down the stairs. Figured half an hour was long enough for you to tell him to fuck off and leave Hermione alone." Harry rolled his eyes. "You think I was going to hex him in a Ministry lift?" Ron shrugged cheerfully. "Or throttle him. That's what I'd do." Harry shook his head. "Hermione could castrate me ten different ways if I messed with her boyfriend. If he's not afraid to date her, I doubt there's much I can threaten him with." Ron was eyeing him with disgust. "You didn't do a thing, did you?" Harry stuffed his hands into his pockets and stared at the closed doors of the lift. "I really didn't need to. She's got him whipped."
Prompt: Jealous Draco Rating: M Category: Rom-com Warnings: none ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ "What are you—-umph!" He hummed against her lips as he backed her across the room and against the wall. His hands slid down and gathered her skirts up around her hips, his fingers skimming along her bare skin. His other hand dug into her hair, pulling apart the carefully pinned curls and destroying the delicate, sparkling netting that had made her chignon shimmer mesmerisingly. He tugged her head back and pulled away from her lips in order to trail his mouth along her temple, pressing light kisses across her cheekbones, brushing off the carefully applied fairy wings which had made her look ethereal. "What's—?" He silenced her again with his mouth. His tongue slipped between her lips as he pinned her more firmly against the wall. His fingers pressing between her legs until he felt her shudder as a soft moan escaped her. He drew his lips back and nuzzled his nose against hers, pressing their foreheads together as he stroked lightly between her legs. Her hips bucked into his touch. His fingers untangled from her hair. He pulled at her neckline until the fabric tore away and left her pale shoulder bare. He dipped his head and bit down on the curve of her shoulder until she gave a breathy whimper. He removed his teeth and traced his tongue over the reddening mark to soothe it. "I need you…" he whispered huskily as his fingers captured the edge of her knickers. She gave a quiet moan but then suddenly stiffened. She stayed frozen for a moment before slapping his hand sharply away. "You—dragged me away from a conversation with the Supreme Mugwump just because you wanted to have sex?" Draco blinked. When she put it like that, it sounded unreasonable. "Well—you see—" he started. She shoved him violently away and stared down at herself in horror before looking back up at him. "You are unbelievable." Her voice was shaking with indignation. "You have mocked me for months, saying that I don't have a strategic bone in my body; that if I understood a thing about politics I'd know that the real decisions aren't made in meetings." Her eyes were beginning to glow. "You said if I wanted the bill passed that this—this—!" She was nearly spitting. "This party was what I needed to attend! You dolled me up to look like some vapid fairy, had me buy a dress that cost more than three months rent for my flat, and forced me to spend five hours in a very busy day having my hair and makeup done! And then you dragged me away and ruined it all in less than twenty minutes—while I was in the middle of a conversation with the Supreme Mugwump—because you wanted to have sex?!" She was nearly shrieking with outrage. Draco reached up and loosened his cravat, trying to calm her with the very compelling explanation he had. "There were people looking at you." She stared at him. "Inappropriately," he added, in order to help her further understand the context. She looked as though she were on the verge of strangling him. He cleared his throat and steepled his hands, pressing the fingertips firmly together. "I think you're right. You should let your hard work speak for itself. These kinds of events are for people who aren't willing to do things by their own effort." She threw both stilettos heels at his head before stalking across the room onto the veranda and apparating with a deafening boom.
Prompt: Draco not understanding muggle customs (including holiday specific ones) Rating: T Category: Fluff Warnings: None. ~~~~~~~~~~~~ Draco stared in confusion as Hermione abruptly stood up from their table at the cafe and turned around slowly. Her eyes were narrowed as they scanned the surrounding area. His hand reached surreptitiously for his wand as he tried to determine what had set her off. There didn't seem to be anything suspicious that he could see. The old woman counting change? Was the pigeon nearby demonstrating unusual amounts of intelligence? Were there any beetles with unusual markings? His heartbeat quickened and he started to stand. Hermione's face broke into a relieved smile and she scurried over to a—flower box? She leaned over and rapped her knuckles on it twice before straightening and returning to their table and continuing to eat as though nothing had happened. Draco stared at her for several seconds before he finally spoke. "What were you doing?" She looked up and blinked slowly as she finished chewing her salad. "Doing?" Draco's eyebrows furrowed. "When you jumped up and went and hit the flower box." "Oh!" Understanding dawned in her eyes. "I was knocking on wood so I wouldn't jinx us." Draco stared at her in bafflement. She waved her hand dismissively. "It's a Muggle thing." Draco raised an eyebrow. "Jinxing yourself?" She shrugged a shoulder as she speared a piece of chicken. "I said we'd still be dating in a year and could visit your mother's palazzo then. In order to keep from tempting fate there's an old Muggle apotropaic tradition of knocking on wood." Draco quirked an eyebrow and snorted. "You don't even believe in Divination, a formally recognised field of magic, but you stood up in the middle of lunch in order to go tap on a flower box. And now you expect that will keep us from breaking up?" Hermione slowly raised an eyebrow of her own. "Would you rather I hadn't?" she asked in a pointed tone of voice. Draco straightened. "No! No. I didn't say that. In fact," he threw his napkin onto the table, "now that I think about it, I should go knock on it too."
Prompt: When did you know?" "When did I know what, Mudblood?" "That you were in love with me?" Or Hermione's plan to humiliate Malfoy -- and get some justifiable payback for the years of torment -- backfires when her taunts work a little too well and convince said ferret that he just might be in love with her. Rating: T. Category: Crack, humour. Warnings: None. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ "Oh god!" There was a frantic shuffling and slamming of closing books and then Hermione dove under the table and pulled Harry's cloak of invisibility over herself. A moment later, Malfoy came nonchalantly around the corner and then froze. His ferret-y face screwed up with disappointment as he stared at Harry and Ron. There was a pretentious bouquet of orchids in his hands, with a flock of tiny golden birds flying around it, softly chirping a love ballad. "Potter. Weasley. Zabini said he saw Granger studying here." Harry and Ron stared at each other and then back at Malfoy with confusion. "Bathroom," Ron said. "Ancient Runes," Harry said at the same time. They both winced and glared at each other. Malfoy sneered. "She has Ancient Runes on Tuesday afternoons with Hufflepuff, Potter." Harry nodded awkwardly wondering how Malfoy knew that. "Oh right. I have no idea where she is. You could try the prefects bath." Malfoy's cheeks flushed bright pink and a slight choking sound escaped his throat. "If you see her, tell her I'm looking for her." He turned on his heel and hurried away. Harry waited until Malfoy's footsteps had faded before he reached under the table and tugged at his cloak. Hermione's bushy head emerged, followed by the rest of her. "Honestly Harry, Ancient Runes on a Sunday evening?" She crawled out and back into her chair. "What did you do to Malfoy? Did you love potion him?" Ron was staring incredulously at her as she primly pulled her books back out of her bag. Hermione shot a scathing glare at Ron. "No. What kind of person do you think I am?" She sniffed. "I might as well tell you. I had rounds with him two weeks ago. He was being an utter arse as usual. I thought if I used a bit of reverse psychology on him, maybe it would make him shut up. I told him that his constant antagonism towards me probably stemmed from repressed sexual fascination." She buried her face in her hands and snorted loudly. "I forgot about how utterly bizarre and antiquated purebloods are." "Oi!" Ron said indignantly. Hermione lifted her head, scowled, and started furiously marking up spelling errors on Harry's essay. "I thought it worked. He avoided me like the plague for a week and every time he saw me his face would turn red. But then—" her voice jumped, "when we had rounds on Thursday night, he told me that I was right and he'd written and informed his parents of his intention to formally court me so we can get married following graduation." "Bloody hell." Ron was staring at Hermione in stunned admiration. His shoulders started shaking with laughter. "I told him no, but apparently it's traditional for a witch to be resistant, as a test of a wizard's sincerity." She scoffed and began tearing Harry's sentence structures apart. "I thought I'd put him off by seeming over-eager, so when he showed up yesterday, I acted like I was actually taking him seriously, and he snogged me!" "What?" Ron abruptly stopped laughing. Hermione continued without acknowledging Ron. "I slapped him. Then he accused me of repressed sexual fascination!" She added a comma so violently that it tore the parchment. She laid her quill down and curled her hands into fists, drawing a deep breath as though trying to calm herself. "So—I'm employing a strategic retreat—until I figure out what to do." Harry shook his head. "Only you, Hermione." Ron leaned forward, his eyes suspicious. "Do you have any repressed sexual fascination with Malfoy?"
Prompt: Draco blackmails Hermione. Rating: M Category: angst, political enemies Warnings: Blackmail, references to sexual situations. ~~~~~~~~~~ "What do you want?" Draco quirked an eyebrow and leaned back in his chair. "Want?" She scowled at him and pulled an envelope out of her bag, throwing it venomously down on his desk. The force caused the flap to open, and several pictures slid out. They featured Granger's extremely recognizable face involved in a scene that would, even conservatively, be termed an orgy. She wasn't engaged in anything illegal, but the very existence of the photos was career-ruining in a culture as fastidiously conservative as the British Ministry of Magic. Draco only glanced at them for a few moments before looking back up at her. Her cheeks were stained scarlet as she glared at him. "I assumed this envelope was from you—given that you're the only one who continues to see the need to interfere and try to destroy everything I do." Her voice was shaking and slightly choked. Her teeth were bared, and she looked nearly feral. "So—obviously: you. What do you want?" Draco leaned back and gave her a hard smile. "Now, now, Granger, think of how much weaker an opponent you'd be if I hadn't been here all these years, going to all the trouble of bringing all your legislative loopholes and vulnerabilities to your attention." His smile grew razor-sharp, and he laced his fingers together, resting his chin on the knuckles. "I must admit I was beginning to question whether I'd ever manage to knock you low enough that you'd finally come crawling into my office. However, even Muggles know the higher the climb, the longer the fall. It just goes to show that none of us are perfect—not even you." His eyes peeled away from her, and he reached down to pick up one of the photos. He stared at it for several seconds while Granger seethed. "Since we're here—alone—I have to ask," he finally said without looking away from the photo. "What on earth possessed you to do something this idiotic?" He glanced up at her. "You've had your eyes on the Minister's seat since before you graduated. You had to have known this kind of—indulgence had the potential to destroy all your dreams in a manner both permanent and spectacular." He tsked and shook his head before flashing one of the photos at her. She immediately averted her eyes. Granger's cheeks were stained red but the rest of her face was steadily growing whiter and whiter. Her mouth worked soundlessly for a moment before she swallowed visibly. "It wasn't my idea," she finally said in a strained voice. Draco snorted. He was tempted to roll his eyes and assure her that that much abundantly obvious, but instead he waited to hear her try to explain it. "It was—it was—" She looked as though she were on the verge of fainting in front of him. "He—he said I treated my job like it mattered more than our relationship. That I—always based my decisions on it, rather than him. It was—it was supposed to—" her throat bobbed, "to spice things up. I didn't know it was going to be—like that. He promised it was very discreet." Draco snorted again and glanced at the date on the back of the photo. "Anything Pucey knows about does not fall anywhere in the realm of discreet. You should have asked me," he leered over the photo at her. "I could recommend several places that take the privacy of their clientele seriously—if this is your kind of thing." His eyes slid over her, and then flicked back to the photos on his desk. Her chest was heaving sharply. "What do you want, Malfoy?" He cocked his head slowly to the side, laying the photo down and tracing his fingertips lightly over it. "Come now, Granger, put that oversized brain of yours to work. What do you think I want?" A decade earlier and she probably would have cried. Granger used to cry about things. When she was angry, or overwhelmed, or happy, or sad, she cried. She appeared to have rooted out the habit at some point, although not—he noted, some of her other ones. Her fingernails had been bitten to the quick, and she stared at him with her lower lip caught between her teeth. "I won't withdraw the bill," she said after a moment. Her voice almost a whisper but nearly vibrating with determination. "I don't care what you threaten to do with those. You can ruin me." Draco snorted and rolled his eyes. "Good gracious, Granger, you still have all the subtlety of a beater bat. How exactly would forcing you to withdraw your beloved house-elf protections bill benefit me?" "I don't know." She'd begin shaking with rage. "How have any of your attempts to block my legislation benefited you? At this point I just assume you exist to try getting in my way." "I didn't say a word in opposition to the WRA," he said, raising an eyebrow pointedly. "It was legislatively flawless. I believe I even sent you a congratulatory note on your excellent work." She looked angry enough to spit at him. Draco shrugged and gathered up the photos again, flipping through them slowly. He paused at one and stared at it for several seconds before turning it so she could see. "This is a lovely shot of you. You have better tits than I would have credited you with." She twitched and her jaw started trembling. "Just—tell me what you want. You have infinitely more money than I do, unless you just want to ruin me financially. Do want me to remove my name as a sponsor of the bill? Are you expecting me to withdraw from politics altogether?" The trembling appeared to have spread from her jaw into the rest of her body, she was swaying like a broken tree branch. "Just tell me what it is; I'm sick of trying to guess what you're doing." Draco looked down and slid the photos neatly back into the envelope. "As it happens, Granger…" he said her name slowly. "There are several things I'm interested in." She stared at him for a moment, and then her eyes widened and she looked as though she were on the verge of screaming or bolting. He chuckled under his breath and tapped the sharp corner of the envelope on his desk. "You do have a filthy mind, even if a sex club wasn't to your... tastes. No, despite how surprisingly lovely your tits are, I'm didn't send this because I wanted a turn as well." She didn't relax in the slightest. Draco leaned back and stared coolly across his desk at her. "I want you to add my name as one of the sponsors for your house-elf protections legislation, and I want you to include me on whatever your next campaign is. I want to be consulted, I want to be a co-sponsor. I want a seat at the highly exclusive little table of do-gooders, and you will be the one to get it for me and ensure that I stay there. And—" he gave her a slow smile, "you'll owe me favour, which I will call in someday whenever I happen to feel like it, and you will do it whatever it is I that I ask." He straightened as he watched her reaction carefully. "In exchange, I will ensure that these photos never again see the light of day." Granger stood frozen for several seconds. Her expression was masked but there was confusion behind the obvious strain in her eyes. "I won't do anything illegal," she said in a tight voice. Draco rolled his eyes. "It will be an entirely legal favour." "Fine," she finally said in a voice that only had a hint of tremour underlying it. "I want a blood oath." When it was done, Granger gripped the vial in her hands as she backed away from him towards the door. Draco stepped back over to his desk and caught up the envelope, flashing her a final grin. "Did you want these as a keepsake?" She shot him a look of pure loathing as she disappeared through the door. The smile dropped from his face the instant she was gone. Draco slid the envelope into his robes, withdrew his wand, and cast a quick disillusionment on himself before stepping out of his office. He moved slowly in order to make as little a visual disturbance as possible. At the first hallway, he turned and walked quietly down it until he stood outside an innocuous, and difficult to notice broom closet. He pressed his ear to the door and listened to rapid, hyperventilating sobs for a few seconds before stepping back and pulling the envelope out of his pocket. He slid a photo up just enough to verify the date on the back once more. Just days before her very public breakup with Adrian Pucey. He tapped the envelope against his fingers for a moment before heading up towards the Ministry floo. "Zabini." Blaise cracked an eye open and found Malfoy staring down at him with an icy expression on his face. He blinked, pushed off the naked witch draped over him, and sat up. He hadn't seen Malfoy in years and hadn't expected to wake and find him in his bedroom. "Why the fuck are you blackmailing Granger?" Blaise rubbed his eyes and gave the pretentious wanker a droll smirk. "Easy target. Easy money. Mother's training." He shrugged as he stood up. "How did you find out?" Malfoy's lip curled. "She assumed this was from me. Did it not occur to you she'd have trouble paying you off if she didn't even know who sent them." Blaise yawned and pulled on a robe. "I fancied leaving her to stew and panic about how bad it'd be before moving in for the kill. She must be frantic if she went straight to you. It's convenient you came by; you deal with her all the time. How much would you say she's worth?" He eyed Malfoy while he stretched his shoulders. "I'm thinking installments rather than a lump sum. She'll probably be good for a few years at least." His pulled a velvet chord on the wall to call for a late breakfast and coffee. "I couldn't believe my luck when Pucey brought her through the door. I think she must have sedated herself, she went with it for less than an hour, then panicked and bolted." He nodded towards the envelope in Malfoy's hand. "Stayed long enough though." Malfoy was staring at him expressionless. "I want to buy all of them." Blaise froze as he stared at his old schoolmate. Malfoy was politically weaker than Granger, but financially he was a larger fish by several orders of magnitude. Blaise hadn't considered seeking out a third party for the photos. Granger was beloved by nearly all, with the very notable exception of Malfoy, who had an inexplicable vested interest in attempting to subvert or fuck her over with any political machinations he could scheme up. He grinned at Malfoy. "How much is finally ruining her worth to you?" It turned out, it was worth more than three times Blaise's annual income. Malfoy held the cheque lazily between his thumb and index finger and stared at Blaise with glittering eyes. "This sum is conditional, Zabini. I want a list of everyone there that night." Blaise started to open his mouth and deny keeping records, but Malfoy leveled him with a cold glare. "I'm certain you have one. The last thing I need is to have her claiming it was polyjuice. I want to know exactly who the corroborating—participants are." Blaise shrugged and retrieved it from his logbook. As he held out the list of names and extended his hand for the cheque, Malfoy held it back. "I also want an Unbreakable Vow. I don't want to worry someone that else is going to fuck up my chess pieces once I have them in place. I want a Vow from you that I have all the photographs and any other evidence and that all the particulars of this little business arrangement will die with you." Blaise's throat tightened as he noticed the burning intensity in Malfoy's eyes. The man was deranged in his vendetta against Granger. Then he looked at the figure on the cheque. "Fine." Draco stopped at Gringotts in the evening after the day's work. He sat silently beside the goblin as the cart raced into the depths of the bank, beyond the Malfoy family vault, to a smaller private vault. Draco unlocked the door, stepped inside, and closed it with the attending goblin waiting outside. He pulled the file with all of Blaise's pictures out of his robes, along with the envelope that Granger had brought him. His jaw tensed as he stared at them. His hands shook slightly and the photos abruptly burst into flames. He dropped them on the ground. He walked over to all the boxes of mind-bogglingly detailed analysis of several hundred legislative documents. He dragged a finger along them as he wandered through to the far wall. A small postcard was pinned to the wall. "Men of sense often learn from their enemies. It is from their foes, not their friends, that cities learn the lesson of building high walls and ships of war." He stared at it for several seconds, and then sighed, and turned around. The room was burning, the fire consuming the photos had spread to the boxes. He watched the fire. Feuding with Granger legislatively had honed her into a lethal political weapon far more rapidly than any advisor could have hoped to. Advise Granger about weaknesses as a friend, and she had a habit of dismissing it and assuming the best about others; come at her as an opponent and she'd strategise, strengthen her position, and then coldly outmanoeuvre them. Draco had thought she was nearly untouchable until that morning. He ground his teeth together. Her personal life would be the one area that she'd remain vulnerable. Obliviating Pucey had been by far the most satisfying aspect of the day. Draco had thought he wasn't a killer, but he very seriously reconsidered it when he'd had a wand leveled at Pucey's face. Draco walked slowly around the burning boxes towards the door of the vault. He paused by the door and stared at a newspaper clipping on the wall. It had faded after nearly a decade. 1998. Granger was standing in the witness stand, testifying on Draco's behalf during the post-war trial. If Draco had been found guilty, he'd be up for release in three weeks. Hermione Granger Wants To Save The World. He stared at the picture and nearly reached out to touch it. Becoming her political rival has been accidental. She'd gone straight to the Ministry after school and begun her magical rights campaign with righteous fury and no training. Her team had been equally oblivious to political pitfalls. Draco had not been, but no one listened to him. So—he wrote an editorial pointing out all the potential risks of Granger's legislation until she withdrew and reworked it. Draco kept publicly harassing her until it was ironclad. It became a bizarre type of political chess. He unapologetically hounded her over her political vulnerabilities and she rapidly learned to protect herself, and spot her own legislative weaknesses without him. Draco was tired of feuding with her. He hadn't fully appreciated that she'd see their rivalry as personal or malicious until she appeared his office. He considered there to be a vast difference between being politically at odds with someone and actually wanting to ruin their life. Not for Granger. For her everything she did was morally rooted. He sighed as he pulled the vault door open and stepped out. Someday—he should probably admit he'd fallen for her.
Prompt from the-static-him: A Draco x Hermione prompt: Meet me in the stairwell in a second for a glass of gin. (From the song 'Nobody Else Will Be There' by The National) Rating: T Warnings: Alcohol use, smoking, ptsd ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ One would think, what with magic having been around for several thousand years, basic illumination wouldn't be so hard to come by in the Wizarding world, but there wasn't even a bit of candlelight in the service hall. It was pitch black, and I realised, after my shins had collided with a fourth wooden packing crate, that my wand was in my bag in the main hall where the banquet was still going on. I cursed under my breath while leaning over to rub my leg. I should just go back out. It was absurd to be sneaking around like a teenager in an unlit hallway, trying to find someone who probably wasn't even there. I straightened and sighed. I was about to turn back when a burnished red light glowed briefly in the darkness before disappearing. I swallowed and released a low breath. "Malfoy." The butt of his cigarette glowed again, longer, bright enough to illuminate his eyes. "Granger." The way he pronounced my name curled and wafted through the air like the smoke. I could hear the cigarette in the corner of his mouth. It made his drawl more overt. More caressing. He'd always liked to toy with words with that poisonous tongue of his; experimenting with the inferred meaning of a particular form of emphasis. Why say what he meant when he could imply it a dozen different ways without the inconvenience of real commitment? Like the rest of us, he lived his post-war life on a short leash. His was the shortest but most luxurious lead that the Ministry kept constantly under its heel. His constraints had caused him to make the unspoken a type of art form. I envied the ability as often as it annoyed me. I wished sometimes that I could keep from saying what I meant. I have never been coy. I am "sincere." "I thought you'd quit smoking," I finally said. The cigarette glowed again. I made my way gingerly towards the light "I am exclusively a social smoker these days." He'd pulled the fag from his mouth. His words were crisp again. I extended my hand, trying not to run into anything or trip over him as I kept moving towards his voice. A hand slipped under mine, as though he were escorting me onto a dance floor. His fingers drew me forward and downwards onto the rickety service stair he was seated on. The stairs were narrow and could barely accommodate the width of both our hips. As I settled in beside him, the cigarette glowed again, just long enough to illuminate his profile. I watched until it faded and then glanced away. "How does this qualify as social smoking?" A pause. I heard him breathe. "You're here." He shifted slightly so that my hip bone stopped digging into him. "There are about five hundred people on the other side of that wall," he said after a moment. I snorted and angled myself towards him in the darkness. "The wall being imperative. You aren't attending a party if you spend the entire time sitting in a dusty service passage smoking." "Ah…" his tone was light. "But only if you're operating with a Grangerless presupposition. I'm not. Your interference is presumed therefore my eventual appearance is inevitable. I'm smoking preemptively." I folded my hands and sighed. "It will get easier—eventually." He chuckled. There were several seconds of silence before he spoke again. "You keep saying that." "It's what everyone keeps telling me." I reached out, trying to find him in the darkness. My fingertips grazed his robes, and I let them trail down his arm until I found his left hand. I hesitated a moment before I slipped the cigarette out from between his fingers and brought it up to my lips. My hands were shaking, and my throat caught nervously as I took a long, slow drag. I closed my eyes and exhaled heavily. I reached out and found his hand again, resting on his knee. I slowly laid my palm against the back of it. My fingertips traced lightly over his knuckles as I stared into the darkness. It felt natural to sit there with him. It had become a habit, maybe even a tradition. I'm not entirely certain where the line of distinction is drawn between the two. We fell into it over the years. I was the one who'd brought cigarettes the first time. At some point over the years, the strange unspoken interlude between us had became the point of every event. The darkened silence and his hand under mine until my hands stopped shaking, and I could go back out to the room with the blindingly bright lights beating down and the constant camera flashes. Before I left, I always said, "You should make an appearance, just for a few minutes. It'll be noticed if you don't." He never replied, but he'd show up just long enough to be photographed. That was all that happened until the next event. Somehow, without exchanging a word, we always found each other in the dark. He could rarely leave his manor. Visitors required Ministry approval and all applications and visits were public record, as were his correspondence and his floo calls. They called it government transparency. I don't know how he'd managed to get hold of cigarettes. I brought my hand up to my lips and took another long drag. No matter how many Ministry events I'd attended, they never felt natural. It was like re-agitating a wound and inserting needles. Every year I'm angrier and more on edge until I wonder if I might just shatter under the unrelenting spotlight. Smoking with Malfoy for a few minutes had become the only thing that got me through. My hands were trembling less when I brought the cigarette to my lips for another drag. I caught sight of his face. He was watching me carefully. "That bad?" I shook my head, averting my eyes. "It—it was fine." "You know…" his voice was hushed. He leaned closer until I could feel his chest against my shoulder. His breath stirred my hair and I could hear the smirk in his voice. "—they have potions—" I elbowed him away while rolling my eyes. "I can't consume alcohol if I take Calming Draught or anti-anxiety potions. It's like hanging a sign over my head announcing that I have 'trauma'." My throat tightened and my hand gripped his briefly. "Everyone's watching out there…" My hand shook again. I forced my voice to relax. "Besides—I promised someone a drink if he showed up." I quickly brought the cigarette back to my lips. Malfoy shifted closer. His long fingers slid up to cradle the base of my skull, and he drew our faces together. I stiffened until I made out the unlit cigarette dangling from his mouth. He touched the tip of it against mine and paused. I inhaled slowly and watched his narrow features illuminate. Our faces were only inches away from each other. His eyes were dark and glittering in the dim glow. The reddish light caught in his pale hair. His hand slid away, and he sat back, taking a quick drag. "You could have used your wand," I said when my heart stopped pounding. "I've always wanted to try that. You're the only one I know who smokes." "I don't." I put the remains of my cigarette on the step as I lifted my heel and bore down. "Normally—I don't." His cigarette glowed as he lit another and slipped it between my fingers without a word. My right hand found him in the darkness. I ran my fingers over his knuckles lightly, tapping them as though they were an instrument, and the movement drew the darkness and quiet more tightly around us. After another minute, my hand finally stilled against his. He shifted, and I could hear the sound of sloshing liquid. "About that drink. I brought firewhiskey—but when I was moving the boxes off this staircase, I found something new." His voice was conspiratorial. "I believe it's Muggle. It tastes like alcoholic pinecones." I was never sure if he was being serious or just trying to amuse me when he said things like that. I snorted. "Gin? It's made from Juniper berries." He was silent for a moment. "Ah. That explains it." I gave a low laugh. As I was bringing my cigarette back to my lips, we were suddenly illuminated, and I could see him clearly for the first time. The first time. We'd always stayed in the dark. We'd smoke and drink and then I'd leave without a wand ever being lit. I didn't know why he was suddenly changing things. I stared at him like a startled deer. His cigarette was dangling from his lips, and his hair was tousled. He was dressed to the nines in that casual, effortless way of someone who wore their clothes rather than being worn by them. It was a distinction that I never felt as though I'd managed. There was nothing about him to indicate why he was there rather than in the next room with everyone else. I'd assumed nerves or rage like me—but as I stared at him, I didn't see any of it. His eyes were glittering as he slipped his wand into my limp fingers and reached into his robes, pulling out a set of tumblers. He lifted up the gin bottle beside him. "Look, it even has a hat." He deftly poured two fingers into a glass and handed it off. I stubbed out my cigarette and took the tumbler while he was pouring a glass for himself. He smirked and toasted me with a lazy salute. "To all you war heroes, cheers to your bravery." He plucked his cigarette from the corner of his mouth and knocked back the drink, his eyes never leaving mine. This wasn't what I'd come for. The comfort of darkness was a place to loosen my armour and breathe without fearing anyone was watching to catch sight of my vulnerabilities and old scars. Now there was light—like sunlight beating down on an exposed nerve, and the illusion had faded away. I was sitting in a filthy service passage, smoking to ward off a panic attack, sitting beside someone that I hadn't publicly spoken to in a decade. In a matter of minutes, I would reappear at the celebratory banquet. I had to be seen taking measured sips of wine and consuming dessert in a manner that gave no indication of any type of eating disorder. I had to sit with my hands in my lap and laugh on cue while refraining from picking at my fingernails. Then I would go home and find out from the morning paper whether I was deemed stable and coping or not. I brought the tumbler to my lips and took a small sip. Malfoy studied me carefully. "You prefer firewhiskey?" I glanced down. "Combining alcohol with tobacco increases the risk of throat cancer." "Right…" I took another slow sip of gin. Alcoholic pinecones. The corner of my mouth quirked. The comedic absurdity was as glaring as the light. I wished I'd asked for firewhiskey. I could use some courage, even false courage. The solace was a mistake indulge in. I could see that now, as I sat in the wandlight. I set the tumbler on the steps by my feet and stood, returning his wand. "I should go back out before I'm missed." He didn't say a word. His eyes had contracted into indolent silver. I inhaled slowly until my lungs ached as I stared down at him. "You should make an appearance, just for a few minutes. It'll be noticed if you don't." He nodded slowly. He looked so outwardly collected. There was a part of me that wanted to reach out muss him up a bit, lace my fingers into the hair at the base of his head and light a cigarette against his lips. "Goodbye, Malfoy." I looked at him a moment longer, then turned and went back the way I'd come. The wandlight vanished before I was a dozen feet away. I found the wall and slid my hand along it, trying to remember the location of all the crates I'd run into earlier. The roar of the hall got louder when I neared the door I'd left ajar when I slipped out. The chattering. People were happy. People were mourning. At that point, almost everyone was drunk, except the reporters who stayed sober and alert in order to pick up any and all potential gossip. My fingers grazed the knob, and I stood hesitating, trying to brace myself for what I was about to be re-immersed in. Each additional year of adulthood made me a little more enraged on behalf of myself and all the other students. We were children. Every year, I'm more staggered by how young we all were. How was it ever seen as natural for us to be the ones fighting the war? That families had sent their children back to Hogwarts while the Carrows were there. That everyone kept their heads down when the Muggle-Born Registration Act was put in place. As an adult, it staggers me more, how natural it seemed at the time for the war to fall on our shoulders. A generation of paper war heroes. Typecast into our roles at Sorting and now watched daily for signs of wear and tear. The majority of the Wizarding world wasn't willing to lift a finger to fight the war, but they're all too eager to diagnose us with trauma from the comfort of their armchairs. My hands were threatening to shake again, and I clenched them into fists for a moment before I reached to open the door. It was stuck. Lodged. I glanced up and saw the dim outline of a hand, pressed against it. Malfoy had materialised behind me. I'd barely turned before his chest pressed against mine. His hand slid down the door to my shoulder, and his fingers cradled the base of my head. There were no cigarettes between us as his face drew closer. "Hermione—" I didn't know what it meant when he said my name like that. What inference or implication was intended. My eyes widened as my breath caught in my throat. "What—?" His lips brushed against mine. Then he waited. It was an unspoken question. My heart was pounding in my chest and my fingers were trembling as I reached out and drew him closer.
Prompt: Hermione standing on a table waiting for Draco to kill a spider for her. (I couldn't imagine Hermione being afraid of spiders, so I reversed the prompt). Trigger warnings: spiders ~~~~~~~~~~ He doesn't appear when she walks through the door. He isn't in the library or his study either. "Draco?" "Up—here." His voice wafts down the stairs with an indefinable quality Hermione cannot quite put her finger on. She ascends the stairs slowly, wand drawn, until she comes to his room. The door is slightly ajar. She hesitates for a moment. The odds currently stand evenly split. She'll either push it open to find him waiting for her, decoratively garbed in chocolate, or discover him held at wand-point by vengeful Death Eaters. It's almost impossible to ever predict anything when it comes to Draco Malfoy. She draws a deep breath and flicks her wand, swinging the door open. He is not naked. Or held hostage. Instead she finds him standing casually upon a precariously small side table in the middle of the room. "Ah, you're here," he says as though his current location is normal. She stares at him for several moments in silence. "What are you doing?" He quirks an aristocratic eyebrow and looks down his nose at her. "I do live here, last I checked. I believe the deed for this house lists me as it's possessor. I can stand wherever I want." Hermione sighs and glances around the room. "Where is it?" "Where's what?" Hermione raises an eyebrow of her own. "The spider. Where is it?" "What spider? There's no spider. Is a man unable to stand on his own side table—" Hermione rolls her eyes and casts a point-me charm, while Draco waxes eloquent on individual rights and freedom, parroting all of Hermione's favourite talking points from the many occasions when she's lectured him. There is a cardinal spider lurking beneath the bookshelf. "Draco, it's nothing," she says as she kneels down and reaches under, gently catching it. "They're entirely harmless." "It's enormous." Draco sounds as though he's being strangled to death. Hermione stands up, and the spider scurries rapidly around her hand as she turns to face Draco again. "Oh fuck! Please don't do that again. Kill it. For god's sake, it's a spider, you're supposed to kill them. Why do you always have to let them climb on you?" He buries his face in his hands, and the side table wobbles dangerously. "I don't always let them climb on me. This kind is harmless." She flicks her wand, and the spider levitates through the air as she sends it out the open window and into a nearby tree. "All gone and nobody died." She closes the window and looks up at him again. "Still exercising your right to stand on the side table, or will you come down now?"
