Jul 22 1999 Tick tock. The busy, relentless ticking filled the chamber like thousands of minuscule, marching footsteps. Large and small, grandfather and carriage, every kind of clock could be found hanging in spaces between the bookcases or standing on desks ranging the length of the room. Clocks could be seen on every surface. At the far end of the room, a huge crystal bell jar stood on a table, sending beautiful, dancing, diamond-sparkling light all over the place. Inside the jar which appeared to be full of billowing, glittering wind, a tiny object rose and fell on the current, moving through an endless loop. The object was a small hummingbird. At the bottom of its circuit, the bird was within its egg. As it rose, it hatched and grew into a mature bird by the time it reached the apex of its cycle. On the way back down, it became a fledgling bird then re-entered its egg, which reformed around it. The progression repeated over and over again. Every time Hermione came to the Time Room, the bell jar mesmerized her. She could stare at it all day. But she didn't come here for it. Her hazel brown eyes moved and landed on the large glass-fronted case standing against a wall. Time-Turners of various sizes fell over from the shelves before they rose back to their original places, repeating the process all over again. They were trapped in an infinite loop of falling over, un-falling, and then re-falling, in an endless cycle. They're what she came here for. After Voldemort had been defeated, Hermione worked for the Ministry at the Department of Mysteries. As what its name said, it's mysterious. Employees of the department were forbidden from discussing their jobs or disclosing any information about their department. Little was known about their workplace and their jobs, and even less was known about their jobs. They're called "Unspeakables". Being an Unspeakable, Hermione couldn't share any detail of her jobs to anyone, even her best friends. Ron always tried to trick Hermione into spilling any confidential information but never succeeded. Being a professional worker, Hermione never violated the personnel regulations and never would. Time-Turners were not easily replaceable. However, during the Battle of the Department of Mysteries in 1996, the full stock of Time-Turners in the Ministry had been rendered useless. These thirty devices were not destroyed to be exact but were unusable. Due to the way one of them fell when their counter was knocked over, they're trapped in an endless loop for all eternity. There had been no functioning Time-Turners in Britain since the battle, it had become Hermione's job to fix them. To make the devices usable again, the only way was to free them from the repetitive pattern. It's easier said than done. Hermione and her co-workers had been working on the project for months but they still couldn't find a way to solve the problem. Many of her colleagues had become frustrated and some had even given up already, still, Hermione was positive about the challenge. She had confidence in overcoming the difficulties. Hermione worked overtime again. It's 7 pm and she's the only person left in the department. She had just finished reading a Muggle book about how the physicists thought of time-travel and it inspired her to think differently. She decided to give a try before she called it a day. So she pointed her vine wood wand at the shifting pile of Time-Turners. "Immobulus." Nothing happened as she'd expected—the Freezing Charm had no effect on them. She had tried a few times before. She only wanted to make sure. Although you could see the Time-Turners, it didn't mean they're sharing the same space with you. They're no longer in the same world with you once they're looping the falling and un-falling cycle. They're trapped in the fourth-dimensional world, while you're in the third-dimensional world. There's no way to stop the motions of the Time-Turners by using a simple Freezing Charm because pausing the motions of the devices was equivalent to pausing the time. Basically, the devices were trapped in the alternative world created by one of the Time-Turners and they kept going back to seconds before and replayed the falling and un-falling process. Hermione contemplated, is it possible to return them to the time prior to the fall? Like an hour ago or more before any of them fell off the counter? However, Hour-Reversal Charm had been cast on every single Time-Turner in the Ministry. It's used to reverse time by one hour, up to a maximum of five hours. Under the restrictions of the charm, there's no hope of sending the Time-Turners back three years ago, to the point that the battle hadn't happened yet. You had to remove the spell from the Time-Turners first, which could be dangerous. Hermione hesitated for a brief moment. If you don't try, you'll never know. Pointing at the magical devices, Hermione muttered a sing-song incantation that she'd read from an old document in the data room. It said without the spell, one flip of the hourglass would take you back one year in the past. Everything still looked the same. The sand in the hourglasses of the Time-Turners remained flowing through the narrow, implying the looping time-travelling process was unaffected. Hermione squatted in front of the counter and stared at the one that always dropped closest to the floor. It's apparently the first one fell from the shelves and trapped the following others into the loop. It's the start of the chaos. She drew a small note with her neat handwriting out of her pocket and read: The Battle of the Department of Mysteries (18th July, 1996) Present (22nd July, 1999) 3 turns → 22nd July, 1996 4 turns → 22nd July, 1995 "Four turns will be fine," she murmured to herself as her hand stuffed the paper back into her pocket. She laid her elbow on her knees with her forearm slightly slanted, her opened hand waited at the level where her target would land. Once the cold metal collided with her palm, she folded her hand around it. Other Time-Turners no longer fell but froze in the air as if time was paused. Wasting no time, she quickly held the tiny handle of the device and turned. One. Two. Three. Four. The surrounding changed rapidly. Then she realized she had miscalculated something. There's no way to only bring the Time-Turners to the past. The moment you touched the Time-Turner, you'd be pulled into another dimension where you experienced time at a different rate. It explained why time appeared to be frozen when she was in contact with the device. But none of this was important anymore because there's another challenge she had to face. She had gone back to the past. It felt like ages for her to wait for the surrounding to stop changing. It stopped eventually. She was no longer in the Time Room, nor the Ministry. She wasn't even inside a building. Still squatting, she gathered the thirty Time-Turners on the stony road and placed them inside her magically expanded pocket. Scanning around, she tried to figure out where she currently was. She's on the rampart of an old Norman castle. Before her, there was a river which provided a natural barrier to the castle. On the other three sides, the castle was defended by deep trenches. She knew she had read it in a book but couldn't recall the name of the castle. She heard noises of people talking coming up from the river. Gripping her wand tight, she cautiously headed towards the edge of the rampart. "Just kill her!" Hermione looked down and observed from afar. A large group of people had gathered at the riverside. They're wearing antique clothing that she only saw in artworks; men in stockings or tunics while women in long gowns with sleeveless tunics. They're in the process of something. None of them noticed Hermione's existence as every pair of eyes were focusing on the same spot at the front. She couldn't tell what's happening though. Then a scream rang out, but it got muffled immediately. Someone was getting tortured. "Kill! Kill! Kill!" someone among the group shouted, and the others followed suit. An object rose above the crowd as they yelled. It's a woman tied to a cucking stool. She was in her undergarments and her long hair was damp and messy, covering half of her face. That was dunking. Hermione had read that in history books but never seen it in person. Dunking was a form of punishment that was widely used in Europe in 17th and 18th Century. The victim was tied to a chair which could be elevated or lowered by the torturer. If he noticed that the victim was going to pass out, he elevated the chair. When he needed information, and the victim was unwilling to cooperate, he lowered it. The victim was usually intermittently submerged for many hours until he or she revealed information or death occurred. It was barbaric. Hermione tightened her hold around her wand as she continued to watch. She wanted to save the woman, but the situation didn't seem fit. There were way too many people. She could've got caught even if everyone here was a Muggle. Besides, if there were wizards around too, not only would the rescue be completely unachievable but also she would've put herself in a dangerous position. A few men released the woman on the chair and forcefully dragged her towards a large stake of wood. They made her stand on her wobbling legs and bound her to the wood. The woman struggled and screamed in vain. None of the onlookers seemed bothered. No one pitied the woman who's going to be executed. Later, the pile of logs underneath her were ignited. Flames slowly grew and engulfed her relentlessly. People catcalled and clapped their hands at the sight, while the woman's deafening screams hit the walls and echoed. The agony in the voice sent shivers down Hermione's spine. It's almost 21st Century! I can't believe people are still doing this, she thought. Dumbfounded and nauseated by the barbaric acts, she ran away as what her intuition told her. She ran and ran until she's out of breath. While her chest heaved as she panted, she found herself standing in front of the castle keep. Her feet had brought her to a spacious courtyard. Suddenly, she knew where she was. She was in one of the most famous Norman castles in England, Northampton Castle. The castle looked very different from the photos she'd seen. Every photo she'd seen of the castle showed how ruptured and ruinous it was. However, in front of her was a much less damaged version. Hermione's face went white as she collapsed to the lawn. The castle was demolished by the London and North Western Railway for the construction of Northampton Castle railway station in 1878. According to Professor Croaker's law, five hours was the longest someone could go back in time without a possibility of serious harm to the traveller or time itself. Four years was dangerous enough. A century or more? She vomited. Author's note: Thank you for checking out my new story! Tell me what you think because I'd love to hear your opinions! And English is my second language. I'm sure that there must be some errors here and there within my story. I hope they wouldn't bother you much during your reading. Again, thanks for spending your time reading my story. Love you guys! -Cathy
Before 1878 The Time-Turners owned by the Ministry were typical Time-Turners. They're supposed to have a limit of travelling back a maximum of five hours. After the time had been turned, the devices wouldn't be able to take their travellers back to the present. Hermione had time-travelled numerous time with a Ministry's time-turner in her third year of Hogwarts, but since she'd only reversed a few hours in time every time, she just let time pass until she's back to the present. Hermione had absolutely no idea how she could return from the past to the present with a typical Time-Tuner. "Calm down, Hermione," she murmured to herself hysterically. "You'll be alright." However, her shaky words didn't soothe her. She knew she was nothing close to alright. But it's no use crying over spilt milk. She had to make the best of the bad situation. Mustering every ounce of strength left in her body, she stumbled to her feet, her legs shaking. She wiped the sourness off her mouth with her robe sleeve and took a deep breath. Then her brains analyzed all the information she had. She didn't know what the present time of here was. But she was sure that she was currently in Northampton, a town in the East Midlands region of England in the 19th Century or earlier. People had tortured a woman with water and burnt her to death, which were common punishments given to criminals by Muggles back then. Therefore, the group of onlookers were very likely Muggles. Before she could find the way home, she had to integrate into this world. No one here could learn the fact that she's from the future. Not only couldn't she let anyone notice she didn't belong to this timeline, but also she's a witch. No matter in what period of time, it's wise for wizards to conceal their identities from Muggles. Under the International Statute of Wizarding Secrecy law that was passed in 1692, every individual was responsible for hiding the presence of the magical community. Even if the law wasn't present in this world, for her own safety, she couldn't let anyone learn that she's a witch. In the past, before passing the law, witch-hunts were popular among Muggles. Between the years 1450 and 1750, on the land of Britain Isle, 2000 people had been executed for witchcraft. After making sure no one was around, she took out her wand. With a few spells, she adjusted her robes to a long loose fit gown in cyan colour and added a white sleeveless tunic on top of it. She'd turned into a working-class lady. Once she'd hid her wand away, she heard a hoarse voice shouted at her. "You! What do you think you're doing here?" Beside the castle keep, there was a middle-aged man in a scarlet red uniform pointing at her disapprovingly with the pike in his hand. He's probably the guard of the castle. Hermione instinctively raised her hands in surrender. The man marched to her and grabbed her shoulder forcefully, causing Hermione to whimper in pain. He scanned her from head to toe with a frown. "Do you come here for the trials?" he asked. Hermione nodded nervously. "The trials are held at the riverside," he let her shoulder go. "You shouldn't be here. This is the prison for wizards and witches. How did you get inside though? There should be a guard at the entrance." "I don't know. I just got lost," she lied as her voice shook. "Bet Adam is slacking off again." The guard gestured her to follow, and she obeyed, walking behind him anxiously. He halted once they'd arrived at the bent entrance of the castle. Before they separated, he asked her to head towards the west along the river. Hermione walked as told until the guard was out of sight. She almost got seen with a wand and got caught "sneaking" into a prison. Thank Merlin, she sighed, leaning against the curtain wall. Based on what the guard had said, this ruinous Norman castle had been turned into a prison for supposed witches and wizards and they're having witch trials at the riverside. So, the woman who had been killed earlier was a witch. They tossed her into the water because they're doing the infamous "swimming test" on her. Muggles believed that when submerged in water, an innocent sank like a stone while a witch floated because they had renounced baptism when entering the Devil's service. This implied that she's in the world where Muggles knew the existence of magic and they witch-hunted a lot. She's in somewhere before 1692, before the passing of the International Statute of Wizarding Secrecy law. Hermione didn't plan to attend the trials nor see any of the cruelty again. It's not safe to be around Muggles in a time like this. Once they sensed any abnormalities from her, she would never be able to go home. It's better for her to go somewhere plainly magical. Then a place popped up in her mind. Hogsmeade, the only all—wizarding village in Britain, founded over a thousand years ago, around the same time as Hogwarts, by medieval wizard Hengist of Woodcroft as he was fleeing persecution by Muggles, Hermione recited what she'd read in a book in her head. Then she flicked her wand and apparated; her figure vanished into thin air with a crisp "pop" sound. It's freezingly cold even in June. Hermione gave a complicated little wave to her wand so that hot air streamed out of the tip; then she pointed it to her chest, giving herself the warmth she needed in the snow. Hogsmeade didn't change much for the past hundred years. It was just like what she remembered—a small village made of snowy ground and arrays of snowy roof-topped buildings. The familiarity reassured her a lot, and she almost forgot it's not the same Hogsmeade she knew. On the end of the road stood the friendly inn, the Three Broomsticks. Her stomach growled at their fascia sign, reminding her how hungry she was, especially after she had threw up her entire lunch. Wasting no time, she strode towards the building brightly, completely unaware of the small creatures behind the trees. Her knees dropped into the snow abruptly; her hand had lost hold of her wand as a spell hit her in the small of her back. Panicked, she turned around and saw three little figures slowly approaching her. The first things came in sight were their remarkable pointed nose and ears. Goblins. She stated at the goblins in confusion as they stood in front of her. Their black eyes were at the same level as her brown ones as she's sitting on the snow. Then the three humanoids talked among themselves in a harsh, rasping language that she didn't understand. After a brief conversation between them, one of the goblins pointed his long finger at her and drew a circle in the air. Ropes appeared of nowhere and they tightly wrapped her arms and body together. No matter how frantically she struggled, she couldn't break free from them. As she struggled, the creature picked up her wand from the snow. Fiddling the thin wood in his hand, he smiled slyly, showing his crooked teeth. Ignoring her screams and squirms, he conversed with his fellows in their language before they levitated her. Her body floated in midair and involuntarily followed the three humanoids as they walked.What happened? Why would they do this to me? Do goblins really attack wizards? Yes, Goblin Rebellions, Hermione answered her own question. There were a series of rebellions in which the goblin population of the Wizarding world revolted against discrimination and prejudice toward their kind by wizards and witches. Goblin Rebellions were one of the most important topics students studied in History of Magic. In the first-year final exam, they needed to memorize the dates of the major rebellions. After all these years, Hermione still remembered them very clearly—1612, 1752 and 1789. Due to the inexistence of the International Statute of Wizarding Secrecy law, she'd speculated that she'd been back to somewhere before 1692. Since only one of the rebellions took place before the passing of the law, Hermione finally acknowledged what year she was in. "1612," she said the answer under her breath as vapour came out of her mouth. The thin layers of fabric around her weren't enough to keep herself warm in the cold weather. Her teeth chattered as she continuously shuddered. She didn't know how long she'd been levitated in midair, but she's losing her conscious to the coldness. Before she passed out, her body promptly descended and slumped into the snow. The last things she saw were a pair of grey eyes and hair strands that resembled the colour of snow. Then black devoured everything. Author's note: Did you notice the time I put below the title? I think it's a good idea to show what time Hermione assumed herself was in before each chapter starts. Thanks for reading and hope you enjoy the story so far!
1612 The crackling sound had called her conscious back. She fluttered her eyes open, only found herself in a single bed, wrapped around by a thick warm blanket. Facing her at the end of the bed was a fireplace where the crackling sound of log fire came from. It took her a while to remember what had happened. She'd been attacked by three goblins in the snow. Her wand had been confiscated. She'd been sent into the air, bound tightly by ropes. She'd almost frozen to death in the process. Before she'd blacked out, the levitating force under her limp body disappeared and she had fallen into the snow. Someone had saved her. She'd seen their grey eyes and their white hair. Hermione was in a small room which was only installed with the essentials—a bed, a bedside table, a dressing table, an armchair, a wardrobe and a coat rack on which a black garment was hung. From the simple design of the chamber, she learned that she's in somewhat a guest room. As she continued to observe, she found a pair of slippers placed neatly beside her bed and a set of porcelain teapot and cup on the bedside table. She reached out and touched the teapot. Her fingers withdrew reflexively because of the unexpected scalding heat. She was pouring water into the teacup but interrupted by the noise on the other side of the door. She recognized it was the sound of a key inserting into a keyhole. Instinctively, she covered herself with the blanket and pretended to sleep. She wasn't ready to meet her saviour yet. Within a few seconds, the door was opened. She checked out the person who had entered the room with her squinted eyes. It's a tall, slender man in a white tunic that its sleeves had lacy ruffles attached to them. From his outfit, he seemed to be from the upper class. His hair wasn't as white as she remembered. It had a tint of yellow as the silky hair reflected the warm light from the flames. She shut her eyes as the man headed to the side of the bed. She heard him placed something on the wooden table beside her. He stood there for a brief moment before Hermione heard the fading sound of his footsteps, followed by the click noise from the door that indicated his exit. Feeling curious, Hermione opened her eyes again. The coat rack was empty. On the side table, next to the tea set sat a thin long wood that she didn't see earlier. It's her wand. Hermione thanked the man from the bottom of her heart as she drank the water that had already turned warm. Peering out of the only window of the room, although it's been dark outside, she recognized the landscape instantly. She's still in Hogsmeade. While she's having her third cups of water, she heard a knock on the door. "Come in," she called, expecting to see the man to appear behind the wooden door. However, this time, it's an old lady in a shabby apron, holding a tray of food. A warm, welcoming smile spread across her face as she saw Hermione was sitting on her bed with a cup in her hand. "Dear, it's good to know you're fine," the woman expressed her joy and placed the tray on her bedside table. "Mr Malone said you're awake and asked me to bring you some food. And I'm Mrs Rosmerta, the owner of this inn. Let me know if you're in need." Mr Malone? Does she mean the man who's just come? Hermione thanked her with a smile. Once she's left alone again, she took a look at the tray. There were a bowl of hot chicken soup and two buttered buns. She didn't realize how hungry she was until she saw the food in front of her. She hadn't eaten anything since lunch (in her own timeline) which was about 12 hours ago. Within a few minutes, she'd finished the whole tray of food. Getting so much better after the meal, she decided to return the utensils and seize the chance to look around. She slipped on the slippers and left the room. Once she reached the ground floor, she recognized the familiar interior design of the inn where she'd been to so many times in her time at Hogwarts—the Three Broomsticks. In the corner, a group of people had formed a circle at a large table. Every one of them had a tense expression on their face. No matter what they're discussing was something serious. Standing in front of the staircase, Hermione tried to find a white-blond head among the group, but it was nowhere to be seen. He wasn't with them. "Dear, you need more rest. Why did you come down?" Mrs Rosmerta hurried to her from the pub counter with a concerned look. "Do you need anything?" "Ah, no," Hermione shook her head and handed the food tray to the old lady. "I just want to return these to you." "Thank you, Dear. You can just leave it in your room next time. I'll collect them anyway," Mrs Rosmerta took the tray and smiled. Before the inn owner headed towards the kitchen, Hermione stopped her. "Mrs Rosmerta, do you know where Mr Malone is?" "I have no idea, Dear. He didn't say where he's going. Before he left the inn, he told me that you're awake and asked me to take care of you while he's away." Hermione nodded in disappointment, then she decided to use her unconsciousness as an excuse to ask for "today's" date. "What day is today? How long have I slept?" "It's still the 22nd of July, my dear. You've only slept for a few hours." Hermione was going to go out for a walk when the owner of the inn caught her by the arm. Mrs Rosmerta warned her that it's dangerous outside. Goblins had become violent and aggressive towards wizards and witches since a month ago; so far at least twenty wizards had gone missing. Sitting at the pub counter for a brief moment, she'd been educated with much information about the current world. Most of the wizards sitting in the corner were inhabitants of the village, they're very concerned about the goblins' unusual attacks, therefore the Three Broomsticks had been used as the wizards' headquarters for the rebellion. People were confused by the entire situation. They had no idea why the goblins acted violently to wizards all of a sudden as goblins had never acted like that before. Hermione wanted to tell them why the goblins rebelled but decided it'd be better for them to seek the reasons by themselves as she's afraid that she would've changed too much of the history if she did so, despite appearing in front of anyone in this timeline should've already flipped the future upside down. When the hour arm of the clock pointed at 10, Hermione went upstairs back to her room. She had enough knowledge about the "present". She should start to find a way to go back home. She poured out all 30 Time-Turners from her enchanted pocket on the mattress. Resting on the wooden floor on the side of the bed, she gazed at the pile with her chocolate eyes. She wondered whether her colleagues discovered her disappearance after so many hours. She hoped someone would figure out her whereabouts and save her from this chaos because she had no idea how to reverse time back to the future with the little devices in front of her. She shuddered when a sudden noise came from the door; hurriedly hid away the Time-Turners into her pocket before the door was opened. Her eyes landed on the tall figure behind the door. It's the same man she'd seen earlier. Her intuition knew that's Mr Malone. His grey eyes met her brown ones as he kicked the door close. The door banged behind him as he took off his black cape gracefully. A piece of white-blond hair rested on his cheekbone loosely, covering half of his flushed face. The winds must've brushed harshly across it. Hermione gaped at the young man before her in shock. He resembled one of her former schoolmates so much; she almost thought he's someone she'd known for over a decade. His grey eyes, his pale skin, his pointy chin; everything just reminded her of Draco Malfoy. But it's 1612, Malfoy couldn't be here, not to say to save her from the goblins. "Feel better?" the man hung his cape on the coat rack and asked emotionlessly without giving her a second glance, as if she's invisible. Even his voice sounded similar to Malfoy's. Slightly intimidated by the similarities that the man in front of her and her school rival shared, Hermione nodded. He opened the wardrobe and picked out a few pieces of clothing. Before he stepped into the bathroom, Hermione burst and froze him in his tracks. "Excuse me, who are you?" "Ladon Malone," he answered curtly before he disappeared behind the closed bathroom door. Hermione repeated the name under her breath, Ladon Malone... She shook her head, trying to push her weird thoughts away, of course he's not Draco Malfoy! There's no way Malfoy can be here! She leaned against the bed, still on the floor. Wait, I still haven't thanked him. And it isn't polite if I don't tell him my name, is it? Maybe I should make up a name because Hermione Granger shouldn't exist in the 17th Century. As soon as Hermione had come up with a fake name, Malone came out of the steaming bathroom. He's in a white wrought nightshirt with laces at the shoulder and on the sleeves, and ruffles at the wrists. Around his neck was a linen cloth which appeared to be a towel as he rubbed it into his damp silver hair casually. "Forgot to let you know, we have to share this room tonight. I just went to the Hog's Head and they don't have any vacant rooms either in this kind of tough times," he spoke nonchalantly while drying his hair with the towel, seemingly not bothered by the presence of the witch. Hermione wasn't surprised at all. She had expected that they're going to share the room when he'd entered the bathroom with some clean clothes. Rising to her feet, she bowed at the man in front of her. "Thank you for saving me, Mr Malone. I don't know how to repay you for this. If there's anything you want, please let me know. I'll try my best to fulfil your needs," she solemnly expressed her thankfulness. "It's nothing," he dropped his hand to his side and replied softly. "You can just call me Malone. And you are?" Hermione looked up and smiled, "I'm Helen Grantham. Nice to meet you, Malone." A vague smile appeared on his straight face as he extended his hand. Hermione could feel the slightest moist when she shook his warm hand. His silver orbs looked gold as they glistened under the light of the cosy fire. "Same here, Grantham." Author's note: FYI the constellation "Draco" means "the dragon" in Latin. It represents Ladon, the dragon that guarded the gardens of the Hesperides in Greek mythology. Thank you for taking the time to read my story!
Jul 22 1612 "I'm Helen Grantham. Nice to meet you, Malone." Helen Grantham. Not Hermione Granger. His heart sank at the name before the corners of his mouth twitched slightly upwards as he realized how dumb he was. What do you expect? Why on earth would Hermione Granger be here? He offered her his hand and said, "Same here, Grantham." Helen Grantham took his hand willingly with a genuine smile that reached her chocolate eyes. They reminded him of Hermione Granger, an old schoolmate who he hadn't seen since the end of the Wizarding War. The young lady before him shared too many similarities with Granger. He couldn't help but think she's his old schoolmate. Her brown bushy hair had caught his eyes when he's wandering around the village. Her small, limp figure in mid-air had recalled the memory that scarred his heart, triggering him to run over to see what'd happened. He couldn't resist the urge to rescue her from the goblins, although he knew it's reckless to save someone in the past. But at that moment, his rationality was all gone. He couldn't just stand there and do nothing. How rare was it to see Draco Malfoy with uncontrolled emotions? Who's Draco Malfoy? I'm Ladon Malone. Draco Malfoy doesn't exist until 1980. He Stupefied the goblins next to the levitated girl. Instantly, with the levitating magic interrupted, the girl dropped into the snow with a dull thump. He hurried to her and checked on her—her eyes were rolling back; she's losing her conscious. He pat on her freezing cheek several times but she didn't respond. She was only in a linen gown which was too thin for the extremely low temperature. He instinctively took off his black cloak and wrapped it around the fainted girl. His hands slipped under her knees and her back as he picked her up. She's light, he furrowed his brows and thought when hecarried her to his temporary habitation. Once he arrived at the inn, he informed the others that there were three goblins knocked down at the end of the street. He cautiously rested her on his bed, afraid of causing more damage to the weak girl. Then he removed the cloak from her, exposing her to the warmth of the log fire. To help her warm up faster, he cast a Hot-Air Charm. Hot air streamed out of the tip of his wand and slowly brought the redness back to her once pale face and lips. When the girl looked alive again, he placed the thick blanket over the still unconscious girl before he stumbled on his numb feet. He'd been kneeling there, using magic for half an hour. Since he worried that she would be thirsty when she's awake, therefore he conjured some hot water into the teapot on the bedside table and cast a spell on the pot to keep its content warm. After that, he placed the pair of slippers provided by the inn beside the bed before he left the room to the cellar where the goblins were captured. When Draco reached the cellar, one of the wizards handed him a wand and said it's the property of the witch who'd been attacked. Draco pocketed the wand and sat on one of the wine barrels in the corner of the chamber, observing the interrogation. The wizards were frustrated. They wanted to know why the goblins attacked wizards and witches all of a sudden. However, no matter how much pain they'd received, none of the goblins replied to any of the questions. 11 kids, 7 witches and 2 wizards had gone missing for the past month and everyone in Hogsmeade was distressed and frightened. People needed a reason for the strange phenomenon, but the goblins wouldn't spill anything. They just smiled slyly, showing their crooked teeth while getting tortured. Being someone from the future, Draco knew it very well that goblins rebelled because of the discrimination and prejudice they'd received from the wizards and witches—they'd been considered subservient even though they're highly intelligent. Yet, he couldn't tell the wizards the information that they needed as that would lead to unnecessary suspicion to his identity. He couldn't let anyone know that he came from the future. Staying there for an hour or two, Draco headed back to his room. When he opened the door, she was still lying in the bed, didn't seem awake. He quietly got closer to the bed as his hand pulled out her wand. He placed it nicely next to the porcelain tea set on the bedside table. Then his eyes caught the steam coming out from the teacup. He smirked as he turned his gaze to the girl on the bed. Pretending to sleep, huh? Instead of "waking" her up, he decided to let her be. Maybe she isn't ready to see anyone yet. He took his cloak from the coat rack and exited the room. He needed to find another room for himself. First, it's not convenient to share a room with anyone, especially a witch. The room was designed for one person and it was too small for two. Second, he had to avoid getting too close with anyone. It wouldn't do him anything good if he got familiar with anyone who's from the past. He would leave this world to where he truly belonged to one day. Unfortunately, not only didn't the Three Broomsticks have any extra room, but also the Hog's Head. The only two inns in Hogsmeade were full in such troubled times. Draco didn't directly go back to the Three Broomsticks, instead, he stayed at the less fancy inn for a few drinks, although he always thought the Hog's Head was filthy and cheap. He supposed the witch in his room might need a bit of time to prepare herself. Once he finished his third bottle of Butterbeer, he put a few Sickles on the table and left the crowded inn that's full of people from the working class. Holding his wand underneath his cloak, he scanned around the dark deserted road alertly as he walked along, in case the goblins had planned any ambush attacks. The winds in July weren't gentle. They're just as harsh as in winter and they hurt his exposed face on his way back the inn he's staying at. And here he was, sitting in an armchair while drying his hair with a linen cloth that its water-absorbing ability wasn't adequate to earn the name "towel". By the look of her outfit, Grantham seemed to be someone belonged to the working class. Her cyan gown was loose-fit and made of linen; thin and simple without laces and many ruffles; while he's wearing the typical clothing that upperclassmen would wear—tailor-made, made of wrought, attached with many fancy ruffles and laces. But surprisingly, in a time that strict class boundaries existed, she wasn't terrified by the big gap between their social status like the others. Interesting. He suggested the witch take a bath. However, she didn't comply. Sitting on the edge of the bed, she lowered her head and scowled at the dirty gown she's wearing. "Can't sleep in a day gown, right?" he sighed as he got on his feet. Then he snatched a cream wrought nightshirt out of the wardrobe and handed it to her. "Wear this. You can Scourgify your clothes later." Joy and gratitude sparkled in her brown eyes as she took the shirt and smiled, "Thank you." She looked identical to Hermione Granger, especially when she smiles. Don't really know how Granger's smile looked like though—never got the chance to have a closer look back then. Not that I care, he sneered at the thought of the Hogwarts teachers' pet. After all these years, it was his first time thinking about the "boring" witch so many times in a day. Bet her life is just as boring as always. Draco's hair had become dry and silky again when the bathroom door opened, revealing Grantham rubbing her hair gently with a towel. Her hair was less crazy as the water had tamed it into a volume-less shape. She's in his nightshirt which was too big for her; the hem reached her ankles instead of her knees. Imagine that's Hermione Granger wearing my shirt, drying her hair in front of me, he stifled a laugh. That's more impossible than Longbottom becoming a womanizer. As the witch sat on the edge of the mattress, wiping her hair dry, Draco nodded at the furniture she's on. "You can have the bed. I'll take the floor," he drawled lazily. Taught to be a gentleman, he couldn't let a lady sleep on the floor; his mother would be disgusted if he did so. The witch frowned at his words as her hands dropped to her side, "No, I'll sleep on the f—" He had expected that. Rolling his eyes, he interjected, "No, you'll sleep on the bed tonight. You're a patient." "No, I'm feeling so much better now. I've already owed you so much. So let me take the floor," she insisted, grabbing the sheets in her fists firmly. What a stubborn witch. But that doesn't mean I'm going to give in. "No, I refuse." She sighed, "Can we make the bed bigger with magic, so we can share?" "Believe me, we wouldn't be arguing in the first place if we can do that. Every item in this inn is charmed to restrict anyone from changing its shape and size to prevent people from bringing anyone to a room intended for less by paying a cheaper price. It's a policy to ensure their income," Draco explained and added sternly. "Take the bed." Grantham pouted, looking like a deflated balloon. Eventually, she nodded unwillingly. "Let me know if you regret it. I'll be glad to switch places with you," she squeezed a smile. "Alright," he chuckled. Soon, he regretted. Even though he had got an extra pillow and blanket from Mrs Rosmerta, there's no way he could fall asleep. The wood floor was hard and cold; it'd made his back ache within an hour. Who would've expected sleeping on the floor is torturous? He missed his bed so much that Grantham's suggestion became very , accepting her offer meant he accepted defeat which was the last thing he wanted to do. He hated being a loser. Under the light of the fire, he peeked at the witch who's sleeping soundly on the bed. Her lips were slightly apart and her thick hair casually spread across the pillow. He groaned in jealousy at the sight. He wished to switch positions with her. He wanted to have a sweet dream in the warm, comfy bed. He poked the witch in the arm tentatively, however she didn't give a response, not even a flinch. Trying his best not to wake her up, he carefully pushed the witch and her pillow to the side that stuck to the wall, making space for himself to steal some of the cosiness she had. He placed his pillow and blanket next to hers before he sneaked into the bed. He sighed in relief as soon as the soft material hugged his aching back. I'll wake up earlier than her so she'd never know about this, he thought with a satisfied smile before he fell asleep. But things went contrary to his wishes. "Malone, wake up." He tardily opened his eyes and met a pair of disapproving brown ones. Bollocks. Author's note: I always have a feeling that deep down Draco is a considerate person, someone who cares much about the details. He just doesn't show this side a lot, or in other words, he hides it from people. Learn more about their names: Helen, Greek name Meaning: Shining light. The bright one. Grantham, English surname Meaning: Person from Grantham, Lincolnshire ("village built on gravel," or possibly "Granta's homestead." ) Ladon, Greek name Meaning: Dragon of Hera. It guarded the gardens of the Hesperides in Greek mythology. The constellation's name Draco represents Ladon. Malone, English surname Meaning: Anglicized form of Gaelic Ó Maoil Eoin "descendant of the devotee of (Saint) John". This is the name of an ecclesiastical family at Clonmacnoise.
Jul 23 1612 Sunshine seeped through the curtains, telling Hermione that it's time for work. She had a bizarre dream that she'd travelled back in time to four centuries ago. To make everything more ridiculous, she met someone who looked exactly like Draco Malfoy. But he didn't bully her or insult her. Instead, he saved her when she's in danger. Hermione scoffed as she remembered Malfoy wasn't Malfoy in her dream; his name was Ladon Malone. That's why he's not treating her like an inferior. After savouring every detail of the dream, she opened her eyes. She wasn't in her bedroom. Where was she? Suddenly, a rustling sound startled her. Panicked, she lowered her head and tried to figure out why there's noise coming from her left. A man with white-blond hair grabbed his blanket closer and wrapped it tightly around himself. Ironically, the man was identical to the person who she'd dreamed of. Why the hell is Draco Malfoy sleeping in my bed? Then realization hit her like a wave. Oh, Merlin! None of these was a dream. She'd indeed gone back to the past; the "good Malfoy" had saved her from the goblins and offered her a place to stay. Still, this couldn't explain why he's sleeping beside her. He'd said he would sleep on the floor. She frowned at the wizard who's facing her, wearing a peaceful expression. How can they look so alike? Is he Malfoy's ancestor or something? She gave the sleeping man a nudge in the arm. The man leisurely rolled around, facing her with his back. Hermione tutted at the human-shaped pig before shaking him by the shoulder. "Malone," she hissed. "Hmm... Five more minutes," he slurred in his sleep. "Malone, wake up," she warned in a dangerous tone. His eyelids fluttered before they revealed the silver orbs. Malone blinked innocently at her, soon astonishment rushed into his widened eyes. He abruptly jumped out of the bed and screamed, holding his blanket in front of his chest as if it could protect him like a shield. "Bloody hell!" Hermione glared at the man and bellowed, "That should be me screaming! Why are you in my bed?" She got off the bed and crossed her arms. "Well, well, to be exact, it's MY bed," he stated with a sneer. As if extinguishing a fire with alcohol, his words only infuriated her more. "You invaded my personal space," she spat every word clearly as she picked up her wand on the bedside table. Then she slowly paced towards him, glowering at him the entire time. His face turned white when he saw her fiddling her wand. On the contrary, he's utterly defenceless—what he had in hand was a blanket which was perfect for covering his corpse after an unfair, one-sided fight. "Wait," he retreated with an outstretched arm, keeping distance between them. "I thought you didn't mind sharing the bed with me. You said we could share!" "I did say that, but it's only when the bed is larger!" she snapped. "Okay, okay! I'm sorry!" he apologized grudgingly as he raised his hands in surrender; the blanket once in his grasp dropped to the floor comically. "It's not really my fault though. The floor is too hard and it gave me a backache! There's no way I could fall asleep on the floor!" Her rage slowly slipped away as she listened. He didn't need to go through any of this. To be honest, he's obviously from a rich family and I'm no one to him. Still, he's willing to let me have his bed. And he apologized. How can I be mad at him? She sighed and hopped onto the bed. "Never mind, I'm leaving today anyway," she whispered. Malone was in the middle of gathering the blanket. When he heard her last sentence, his gaze fixed on her. "Where are you going?" he asked, his brows furrowed. "I don't know. I need to go home," she shrugged. He dropped the blanket ball on the bed nonchalantly before he slumped into the armchair across her. "Where's your home?" "Far far away," Hermione stated calmly with a sad smile. "I don't know how to go back, but I know I'll be able to find a way eventually. My family and friends are waiting for me." Hermione didn't know why she's telling all this to the man before her. Maybe she just needed someone to hear her out. Or maybe seeing him with a face of someone from her time had misled her to think that he might understand. She had already spilt too much. "I have money, I have connections all over the country. No matter where your home is, I can help," he leaned forward, his fingers intertwined while his elbows on his thighs. He stared her in the eyes, his lips tightened. She tried to search for a hint of him joking, but couldn't. He's being serious. Then she shook her head. "You can't. And why would you help me? I can't pay you back. You know, I'm broke." Which wasn't completely a lie—Hermione only had a few Galleons with her when she accidentally time-travelled. "Guilt," he muttered. "You just look like someone I know, someone I regretted not giving her a hand when she's in need. Maybe I'm just trying to redeem myself by helping you, because I can trick myself to think I'm helping her when I'm, in fact, helping you. I'm not doing this for you. I'm doing this for myself, to make myself feel better." Hermione didn't expect a revelation from a man who she'd only known for one day. "I'm not a generous person. I don't help you for nothing. A chance to redeem myself from guilt is what I need from you," he added. "I—" Hermione stuttered. It's not like she didn't want to give him the chance, but she couldn't! How could he help her travel back to the future world? Besides, she couldn't let him know that she didn't belong to this timeline! "Thank you for everything you've done for me. But this time, I can't use your help. I'm sorry." He leaned against the back of the chair and sighed, "If you insist." Malone hadn't said anything to her since the unexpected conversation. After he took a bath and changed into his day-time clothing, he left her alone. It had become awkward between them. Not that she cared. She wouldn't be seeing him again after today and she shouldn't invest any feelings into anything or anyone from the past. Hermione pat her cheeks to lighten herself up before she jumped off the bed. Then she found a small parchment attached on the door: Free breakfast downstairs. A smile crept on her face. During breakfast, Hermione didn't see any sign of Malone. Mrs Rosmerta told her that he'd gone out alone again. Her heart sank at the information. She ignored her "slightest" disappointment and forced herself to enjoy the food happily. When she's having her breakfast tea, the bell chimed as the door of the inn opened. His eyes met hers but they darted away quickly. Malone didn't give her a second look and directly headed to the staircase, holding a green object in his arm. Shortly, he's nowhere to be seen. Surprisingly, within minutes, he walked downstairs again, carrying a suitcase this time. Their eyes met each other's one last time. Standing at the entrance of the inn, the wizard squeezed out a smile before he opened his mouth and spoke. Since the dining area was crowded and noisy in the morning, she couldn't hear him. She focused on the movements of his mouth. As soon as Hermione figured out what he's trying to say, he disappeared. "Take care." That's the last thing he said to her. Later, when Hermione got back to her room, she found the green object Malone had been holding earlier. She removed the strings from the parcel before she held it in mid-air. It's a cape made of wool in emerald green. While Hermione was appreciating the garment, a tiny note slipped and fell on the floor. Curiously, she picked it up and read: Grantham, Take it with you. Next time when you're freezing to death, I won't be there to save you. Won't sneak into your bed ever again, Malone Hermione smiled at the closing of the note, yea, of course, you won't. She detected a faint scent of applewood and peppermint as she clutched the cape to her chest; tingling sensations spreading from her heart to her stomach. Despite her unawareness, she'd been starting to have unnecessary feelings for him, someone she wouldn't have a future with. The seed had been planted in her heart and it's growing, no matter she wanted it or not. Author's note: This is by far my favourite chapter! The separation was sad but I still like it! I love how Draco cared Hermione enough to buy her a cape even though she didn't want his help.
Jul 23 1612 The wardrobe was emptied. Every sign of Ladon Malone ever staying here had been wiped clean, except the messy bedding. On the bed, there were two pillows and two blankets which one of them was put into a ball shape. Wearing the green cape she'd just received, Hermione looked at the room one last time before she closed the door. The memory would be forever kept inside this chamber. She had to get going. As soon as she laid her foot on the ground floor, she's welcomed by the beaming inn owner. Mrs Rosmerta asked whether she's leaving, Hermione nodded with a sad smile. "Mrs Rosmerta, how much is it for a night?" asked Hermione as she shoved her hand into her pocket and searched for her purse. "Don't worry about the money, Dear. Mr Malone has already paid the room fee," the old lady interrupted her search by holding her wrist. Then she pulled Hermione into a hug and smiled. "Take care." To know more about the principles of time-travel, what's better than reading books? However, Hermione doubted there was any book that mentioned how to travel to the future, still, it's worth a try. Of course, she couldn't go to the library in Hogwarts, there's no way to walk into the school without being detected. Therefore, she decided to go to another plainly magical place in Britain—Diagon Alley. Apparation was a good friend since it could take her to anywhere that hadn't changed in four centuries. The always crowded magical district looked almost the same. It's full of wizards and witches, filled with happy vibes. There were some stores that Hermione'd never seen before since they'd shut down in the following 400 years. She'd love to wander around, but she had to resist the urge. She had something more important to do. Hermione let her feet take the lead since the way to her destination had been programmed in her subconscious after countless visits; it's her favourite shop in London after all. She finally halted as the shop sign "Flourish and Blotts" came into sight. Standing at the entrance, she stared into the bookstore through its large window. There were torches attached to the walls, spreading orange-yellow light to every corner of the shop, providing every reader the brightness they needed. She was going to push the wooden door open when the notice on it caught her eyes. The bookstore was looking for a shopkeeper and the offer wasn't bad either, they're willing to pay a Galleon a day and offer a living place. Perfect! I can do that, thought Hermione. I won't be able to go home anytime soon, anyway. I need some money and a place to live my life. As she entered the bookstore, the smell of books, ink and parchment brushed across her face as if welcoming her home. A smile crept on her face as she walked into the heart of the cramped room. Every floor-to-ceiling bookcase was stacked with all kinds of books; thin and thick, tattered and new; you could always find the answer you needed within the bookcases if you're patient enough. An old man with a pair of half-moon glasses greeted her as she got closer to the cashier counter in the corner. Hermione nodded at him and explained her purpose in coming here. Mr Blott, the owner of the shop inquired her about her experience of working in a bookshop. Hermione shook her head honestly. "But I love books, I have the passion and I'm a quick learner. I'm confident that I'll be a competent employee," Hermione begged. "Please, I need this job." Mr Blott touched his grey beard and frowned, considering her words thoroughly. Eventually, he clenched his jaw and nodded sternly. "You see, I'm old now. I need a smart one to help me run the shop. I don't want to waste much time and effort to teach someone their duties. So, you'd better learn fast." "Thank you! I'll do my best!" Hermione grinned and thanked her new boss. Within a few days, Hermione had completely mastered her job and understood every aspect of running a bookshop. Mr Blott didn't live above his shop like most of the other shop-owners in Diagon Alley, as Mr Blott had no more doubt with her ability, he decided to come back to the shop less. This gave Hermione more freedom to dive into the sea of books to search for the answers to her questions, especially after work. Having full access to every corner of a bookstore was undeniably one of the best things in her life. Hermione was living behind a hidden door in the attic of Flourish and Blotts. The door was concealed by a large bookcase. Once you tapped the correct pattern on the case with your wand, it split into half and revealed a wooden door which connected to Hermione's room. It's amazing to live in a place surrounded by books. She felt so lucky that she'd got this job. On Hermione's desk, three tall stacks of books were sitting in front of her; there were at least thirty books and every one of them was about time-travel. She hoped at least one of them could tell her how to travel to the future before she picked up the book on top of one of the piles. Sitting comfortably in her armchair, she started her research. A particular witch had consistently popped up in his head in the following week. It's probably because she looked like a twin to an old schoolmate of his and recalled one of his worst memories. She had made him irrational to a point that he'd offered to help her, although he had told himself many times that they weren't the same person. He wished to get her rid of his mind, but the more he wished, the more she lingered on it. He's not feeling good about this at all. Getting attached to anything or anyone from the past was a dangerous idea, after all, you might never want to leave ever again. Draco had moved to London, staying at the Leaky Cauldron after he left Hogsmeade. He needed a place to stay for a long period before he could figure out how to go back to his own time. He'd been stuck to live as Ladon Malone for a month already. Everything had gone disastrous because of a bloody Time-Turner. After the war, Draco had gone on numerous trials. Fuck Potter for acting like a saint, giving testimonies to help him escape a life sentence to Azkaban. Once Draco's proved to be innocent, he had started his career as an Alchemist. Although the income was unstable, it wasn't like he needed more money, was it? He's born into one of the richest wizarding families after all. He didn't really need a job. He could do whatever he wanted. However, his friend, Theo Nott wasn't as lucky. His father had been sent to Azkaban for supporting the Dark Lord and a huge portion of the money in their family vault was confiscated by the Ministry. Fortunately, when he's worrying about what to do for a living, Draco's father had offered him a job. Everyone knew that Lucius Malfoy loved collecting artefacts a lot, only the number of his collections could have him open another British Museum. Still, Lucius never got satisfied. He's looking for something more special. Draco had no idea where his father had got the news from, but Lucius had told him that every Time-Turner in the Ministry was unusable and there wasn't a single functioning Time-Turner in Britain. That's why Lucius had hired Theo Nott. He wanted a usable Time-Turner and it's Theo's job to invent one. Being one of the smartest in their year, Theo had started inventing different types of devices at a very young age. And he'd made good use of his talent—he usually used his inventions to prank his housemates at Hogwarts. When they're in their fifth year, Theo had created a device particularly for Draco; to his dismay, it screamed "his father will hear about this" whenever he'd sneaked a girl into their dormitory, scaring the hell out of the girls and leaving him horny. In addition, the girls never wanted to go back to his room again. It's an awful year since every Slytherin girl knew about the bloody alarm and none of them would get any closer to him. At the end of the year, Draco had found the device under his bed and broken it into pieces with a Bombarda. Although he rarely gave praises to anyone, he had to admit that Theo Nott was really intelligent, that's why Draco always regarded him as an equal. Within the two years after the war, Draco had come to Theo's office in the Manor from time to time to offer some help. Eventually, they had managed to create a Time-Turner that's much more powerful than the Ministry's ones. It wasn't restricted by an Hour-Reversal Charm, allowing one to travel back years or decades; or worse, centuries. They didn't know they'd succeeded until Draco had accidentally time-travel with it, back to four centuries ago. It's all an accident. He's appreciating the Time-Turner in his hand, chatting with Theo at the same time when a House-elf had popped into the office, specifically, onto Draco's lap. His parents had ordered the elf to invite them to the drawing-room for dinner, but the Apparation had gone all wrong as the elf landed on Draco's lap. By the look of its behaviour, it had been drinking during working hours. The sudden weight on his thighs had astounded Draco. Making matters worse, the elf wasn't completely drunk. It knew it'd done something terribly wrong and begged for punishment. It clung to his forearm and frantically shook it while screaming. "Bad Ziggy! Master Draco has to punish bad Ziggy!" "Aye, Ziggy, stop it!" yelled Draco, trying to get his arm out of its grasp. He had no intention to punish the little being at all. "Stop laughing and get him the hell off me, Theo!" No one would have guessed that despite a small figure, an elf could be this strong. The shake got only more vigorous when Theo was holding its waist, trying to pull it away from Draco. When he found Ziggy was no longer on his lap, he'd been sitting on a dusty floor of a place he didn't recognize. He gazed at the tiny device in his hand, then at the foreign surroundings. Merlin's Beard! On his first day being in the year 1612, Draco's emotions had gone through a dramatic change—from "Theo, we've succeeded!" to "Fuck you, Theo! I thought you said there's a 5-minute restriction on the Time-Turner?" A month later, he still didn't have a clue how to leave this timeline and he'd almost given up. However, meeting the witch who resembled a person he knew in his time had reminded him the fact that he didn't belong here. He had to go home. He had to go back to the future, to where his friends and family were waiting for him. He had to work harder unless he wanted to stay here forever. Theo, come and bloody save me already! Author's note: I really want to see Draco's face when he was trying to get intimate with a girl, but then an alarm killed the mood and scared the girl away by screaming "his father will hear about this". And no girls wanted to be any closer to him for the entire year. Just thinking of it makes me laugh. You've probably noticed that the plot of this story mostly sticks to the canon with some little fragments added here and there. Most of the things were real, for instance, Theo worked for Lucius and invented two Time-Turners in canon, there's a goblin rebellion in 1612, there's a witch trial held in Northampton castle in 1612, etc. I did my research and I think it's really fun to add facts into a story to make it sound more realistic and spice things up! And I just discovered I made a huge mistake. I typed June as July the entire time! I changed it anyway. Just to remind you everything took place in July. Thanks for reading and I hope you like the story!
Aug 11 1612 (Saturday) There were still 21 books, untouched on her desk. She's on her 11th and she's getting discouraged. Three weeks had slithered away. Her best friend, Harry's birthday had passed about a week ago and she couldn't even say a "happy birthday" to him. Besides, she couldn't find any useful information inside the ten books she'd finished. They only talked about the primary principles and hypothesis that Hermione had acknowledged beforehand. Hermione hated to admit, but it's a complete waste of time, and she'd started having doubt about her possibility of going back home. It was a fairly quiet Saturday morning as most people had gone to the church. There were only two customers in the shop and both of them buried their noses inside their books, apparently didn't need any of her help. Therefore, Hermione took a book and read at the counter. She didn't know how much time had passed when the doorbell chimed, suggested someone had shoved open the door. Hermione shot a glance as she robotically greeted "Welcome to Flourish and Blotts" and found a tall man with platinum hair strode to one of the massive bookcases. Then she turned her attention back to her book. Suddenly, a scream interrupted her reading. She hopped on her feet in alarm, dropping her book on her remaining warm stool. Her hand instinctively slid into the pocket of her gown and wrapped around her wand. Someone squealed again, and it's from the outside. Something's happening out there. Two customers returned their books to the shelves before they sprinted out of the bookstore in terror. Gripping her wand tightly, she hastily rushed towards the entrance of the bookshop, leaving her book on the floor. Hermione observed the street through the shop window warily. People were running in the same direction as if they're trying to flee from something. Then startled by the footsteps behind her. She spun around and saw a familiar face. "Oh, it's you," she gaped. Malone looked just as surprised. The book in his hand slipped to the wooden floor with a clunk. Hermione bent down and picked the book up for him. She examined the book cover before handing it back to him. It's the exact same book she's reading—The Tales Told by Time-Travellers. He recomposed himself with a smirk as he reached for the book. "Yea, it's me." Before she could respond, another shriek rang out. Hermione turned her head away attentively to the window again before she opened the door. More shrieks and cries reached her ears. A bunch of people were dashing out of Gringotts, the wizard's bank, strangely in panic. Horror was shown on their faces and so did the yearning for survival. Everyone tried their best to run away from the danger as fast as they could, not bothered by the idea of nudging the old and weak out of their ways or worse knocking them off. In front of Death, morals meant nothing. An old man was sitting on the concrete ground beside the bookshop, his brows were furrowed in pain. Hermione rushed to his side. She heard Malone's footsteps as he followed suit. The aged man appeared to have sprained his ankle. With a few waves of her wand, she'd healed his injury in seconds. "What happened?" she demanded restlessly. Neither did the elderly answer the witch's question nor did he thank for her help. He stood up rapidly and resumed his escape, trying to catch up with the crowd. She stared at the back of the elder in astonishment. He's the last one. No one was behind him except Hermione and Malone. "Come on, we should go," Malone urged behind her, there's a hint of distress in his tone. "Hey, what are you doing?" Hermione ran back inside the bookstore. After a few seconds, she'd joined him again. A smile emerged on Malone's face when he saw the green garment in her arm. "Nice cape." "Thanks." Abruptly, a roar came out of the bank and hit their eardrums. Then it was followed by a ringing noise like miniature hammers on anvils. They fixated their eyes on the bank opposite them with curiosity, while their grips tightened around their wands nervously. Fire suddenly came out of the entrance of the bank as the glass door was broken apart into pieces by a gigantic creature. "It's a Ukrainian Ironbelly Dragon," informed Hermione in a trembling voice, as if trying to calm herself by reciting facts. "It's a species of dragon native to Ukraine. It is said to be the largest dragon species—" "That really helps, Grantham," Malone interjected with a scoff. "I've learnt something today." The dragon slowly crawled towards them, each step causing a loud thud and a violent shaking of the ground. "Run!" yelled Malone. As he found Hermione was still gasping at the dragon in a daze, he seized her hand and forcefully dragged her away from the approaching creature. The two ran in the opposite direction of Gringotts. The once crowded street was deserted. Their muscles were aching, but they didn't dare to slow down. Once the dragon was out of sight, they halted in sync and Malone let go of her hand immediately. They're at the entrance of Knocturn Alley. Their chests heaved as they tried to control their breaths. Shortly, they heard the ringing noise again. They sneaked a peek behind the wall. There was a group of goblins, each of them had a clanker in hand, followed closely by the grey dragon they'd encountered earlier. The rattling sound produced by the clankers seemed to have complete control over the savage creature; it roared in agony as it heard the mechanical sound. For a moment, Hermione had thought the dragon had broken the chains like the last time and the goblins were trying to catch it until Malone spoke. "Goblin rebellion," he exhaled. "Must be the goblins in Gringotts." Suddenly, one of the goblins pointed its long finger at them and said something she couldn't understand. "Shit, they've seen us," Malone cursed and pulled her by the wrist. It's no longer safe in the Wizarding World. Then he apparated them to the first Muggle place that popped up in his head. Everything went black. After a brief moment of being pressed from all directions, their feet landed on a lawn. Hermione scanned around the surrounding. She's on a hill and there was a small village lied at the foot of it, next to a rivulet. "Where are we?" "Pendle Hill, Lancashire," he answered. Although it's the first place that came to his mind, there wasn't any sweet or touching story behind it. It's one of his earliest memories—he's only 2 or 3 when his parents had taken him to this particular hill which was famous for its link to the notorious witch trials in the past. Being on top of the hill, holding his hand, his father pointed at the village at the bottom with a look of haughty disdain; he told Draco how devilish and vicious Muggles were, how Muggles had executed their wizarding fellows. His parents brought him here just to educate him that he should never get associated with Muggles and Muggles were nothing but filth. Draco started walking down the hill and noticed that Hermione didn't follow. She's still staring at the landscape. "It's really up to you if you wanna sleep on the hill tonight." Despite his unkind words, he lingered at the same spot and wait for her to catch up. They hiked for an hour or two until they arrived at the foot of the hill. People perceived that they didn't live here right away, mainly because of Draco. He's the odd one out. His expensive, upper-class outfit just attracted too many stares. A few villagers came up to him and respectfully asked how they could help. With the solicitous help of the inhabitants, the two wizards settled down at the only inn in the village. It's tiny, shabby and crude. They'd got the last available room, which to their relief was a double room. At least their room wasn't too small. The "ancient" double bed squeaked when Draco slumped into it. Too many things had taken place in one day and he was exhausted. The goblins making such a scene was unexpected. No one could be certain about what the goblins were going to do next. However, there's one thing he could be sure—the Wizarding World was no longer safe. Who'd have guessed that Draco Muggle-hating Malfoy would flee to Muggles for shelter? Hermione, on the other hand, was on the couch, holding her knees to her chest. She knew that it's going to take some time for the rebellion to ease off, which meant she's going to be wasting her time in a Muggle village for a while, unable to do her research, getting stuck in the bloody 17th century. She missed her friends and family so much. What if she could never leave and had to live here for the rest of her life and die alone? Her vision got blurry as tears drained out of her eyes. She buried her face in her knees, not wanting her weak side to be seen. Nonetheless, Draco heard her muffled sniffs which cause him to groan inwardly. He's terrible at handling crying girls. He rose to his feet and got closer to the witch anxiously. Placing his palm on her knee, he knelt down in front of her. Since he's scared his nasty mouth would only make things worse, he didn't say anything and squeezed her knee instead. He kept his hand there until the brunette had calmed down; she tilted her head up and her swollen eyes met his concerned ones. He could see the drying traces of tears on her cheeks. As if trying to tell him she's alright, she forced a smile onto her face. At the sight of the unconvincing curve, a few words slipped out of his mouth. "You'll be home soon. You'll be fine." Instantly, her chocolate eyes were filled with tears again. Oh, fuck me, Merlin, he thought. He had no clue why she's crying once again. What had he done wrong? Her tears streamed down her cheeks as she suddenly laughed. Draco looked at her like she suddenly sprouted three heads. But shortly, the corners of his lips twitched upwards involuntarily and a foreign sound escaped his mouth. How long hadn't he had a genuine laugh? "Thank you, Malf—Malone," she wiped her eyes as her laughter faded out. "I'm feeling better now." Even though they're merely reassuring words, that's what Hermione needed. Hermione had almost forgotten he's not the "evil little cockroach" who'd gone the same school with her; the idea of getting comforted by Draco Malfoy was ridiculous and it made her laugh. "Great," he grinned as he gave a few pats on her lap. Later, after they filled their stomach at the same inn, they went out to the market. Since they left in such a hurry, none of them had brought many belongings with them. They needed a few sets of clothes. Before they purchased the items, Hermione hoicked Draco away from the checkout counter by his arm. "What?" he scowled. "I just realized I don't have any Muggle money!" she whispered. Draco headed back to the counter with a smug smile while he thrust his hand into the pocket of his breeches. Oh no, thought Hermione. He's not going to use magic, is he? She rushed to him and grabbed his arm. But it's too late. He had already taken his hand out of the pocket. However, instead of a wand, he's holding a drawstring pouch. Draco raised his brow at the witch as she sighed in relief and let go of his elbow. He opened the pouch and turned it upside down, pouring everything out on the table. Repetitive dull noises were produced when the coins hit the wooden table and formed a little pile. He leaned against the counter and asked the stunned shopkeeper condescendingly, "So, how much?" It took the shopkeeper a few seconds to shut his mouth before he hastily collected several coins on the table. "That's enough," he replied quietly. His voice was shaking. When they're leaving the shop, the shopkeeper bowed at them and hysterically said "thank you" far too many times that if Hermione didn't know better, she'd think he'd gone mad. She felt bad for the poor Muggle. As they headed towards their inn, Hermione couldn't resist the urge to "educate" the man next to her. "Why did you do that?" asked Hermione disapprovingly. "Did what?" "Like showing off your money?" He mocked, "So, you think having a small pouch of coins is rich?" "That's not what I mean!" "Honestly, Grantham, if I really want to show off, I'll have to hire at least a hundred servants in the first place, to carry the gold in my family vault," he nonchalantly declared a big statement. "Besides, it's not like I need to show off, isn't it? They can tell I'm rich by the look of my outfit." Hermione couldn't deny that. Everyone here looked at him in awe whenever he walked passed them. They walked in silence afterwards. The village was small, and it didn't have many shops here; most houses were residence. As they reached the entrance of their inn, Draco mumbled something under his breath. But she could hear it, anyway. "I just don't understand the Muggle currency." He didn't want to admit that there's something he didn't know. She suppressed a smile and followed the blond back to their room. At that night, before they slept, Hermione had doubled the size of the bed, turning it into a super-king-size, so none of them had to sleep on the floor or sneak into other's bed in the middle of the night. They could have enough room to roll around without invading other's personal space. Author's note: Yesterday, someone asked me a question and I'd love to answer it. Q: How do they not recognize each other? They don't just resemble Draco Malfoy and Hermione Granger—they *are* them! A: They just couldn't believe it. From Hermione's perspective, all time-turners in the UK were stored in the Time Room and they had all travelled along with her to 1612. From Draco's perspective, all time-turners in the Ministry were unusable. The only usable time-turner in the UK was in his possession. Besides, it's almost impossible to meet another time-traveller. The chance of meeting another time-traveller in 4 centuries ago is extremely low. I know many people are going to skip this, but let's do some simple boring math: Jul 22 1612 - Jul 22 1999 (387 years in total and 94 leap years) 387 x 365 + 94 = 141,349 days And before Hermione got there, Draco had stayed for about a month, let say 30 days. 141,349 - 30 = 141,319 Probability of travelling back to one of the days where Draco was present = 1/141319 = 0.00000707618 Also, don't forget we still haven't counted the possibility of them both appeared at the same place, making the whole thing more impossible. It's fairly reasonable for them to completely deny the idea that the other was also from their time! I hope I've answered your question! Last but not least, thank you for taking the time to read my story!
Aug 17 1612 (Friday) Although Malone was rich, they're running out of money. The Muggle money in Malone's pouch was almost gone after staying in Downham Village for a week. The money they currently had could only afford them one more night at the inn. Hermione suggested that they should get a job, however, Malone dismissed the idea immediately. "You asked me to go to work for the Muggles? This is the funniest thing I've ever heard in a while," he snorted. "I'd rather kill myself." "I know the idea is absurd to you, if you don't want to do it, I'll do it for us," Hermione sighed. After hanging around with this wizard for a week, she'd learnt how much of a snob he was. She'd already predicted his response before she suggested anything. "No, you won't." "May I ask, why?" "Because I'm heading to Gringotts," Malone stated dryly. "You didn't tell me that." Hermione crossed her arms over her chest and frowned. "You know how dangerous it's gonna be, right? We don't know what's in the goblin's mind!" "You're right. But I'm going, anyway," he mindlessly replied as he put on his black cloak. "I'm going with you," Hermione rose to her feet and reached for her cape. "No," he froze her motions with his unwavering gaze and said firmly. "You stay here. I'll get us some money and be back before sunset." Hermione could see the determination in his grey eyes; he wouldn't change his mind no matter what she said. Therefore, she nodded and let him go reluctantly. "Oh, wait. Can you bring a few books for me too?" She jogged to the table and scribbled something on a small piece of parchment. "On the second floor, the last bookcase on the left. Tap these books with your wand. You must follow the order on this list," she explained as she handed him the note. "Then you'll see a room. Go inside and there are some books on a desk. Just randomly pick a few of them." Malone nodded and shoved the parchment into his pocket. Before he apparated, Hermione clutched his arm and whispered, "Be safe." His lips curled into a smile as he covered her hand with his. "Don't wander around. I'll be back soon, Bookworm," he teased. In seconds, he vanished right before her with a "pop", leaving her alone with the warmth remaining on the back of her hand. The once crowded wizard's commercial district had become lifeless. It reminded him of the time when the Dark Lord was back. Most of the stores were closed and there were only a few people here and there. Draco hid his wand under his cloak and strode along the emptied street. Shortly, he arrived at Gringotts. Shattered pieces of glass had scattered around the entrance and he had to be very careful not to step on any sharp pieces. He got into the bank cautiously. The bank surprisingly was still running as he caught a few goblins were counting golds and doing paperwork. The one who's the closest to him look up from its work and inquired what he wanted. Draco took out the key of his family vault and gave it to the creature. The goblin examined the golden key for a few seconds. "Okay, follow me, Mr Malfoy." It hopped off its stool and gestured Draco to get on a little cart. After a brief ride through the maze of twisting passages, they're at the Malfoys' vault. The outside of the vault didn't change a bit in the following years. The goblin inserted the key into the keyhole before the door opened itself, revealing the mountains of gold inside. Draco snatched a few handfuls of Galleons and put them into a pouch which wasn't the one he'd filled with Muggle money. This pouch had been enchanted with an Undetectable Extension Charm. He'd stored all his very personal and precious properties in it so he could keep them to himself wherever he went. Before he left the bank, he gave the goblin a chunk of Galleons and requested to exchange them for Muggle money. When he left, his other pouch had been swollen with pound coins. After that, he wasted no time and approached the building opposite him. Draco peeked inside Flourish and Blotts and it's dark. The door was unlocked, implying that no one had come back to run their business after Grantham's leave, even though the shop was intact during the commotion a week ago. He cast a Lumos and stepped up the stairs. He turned left once he reached the second floor. After walking past all the towering bookcases at the front, he paused in his tracks as he found the bookcase resting against the wall. Grantham's room was right behind it. To get inside, according to the witch's instruction, he needed to tap on the correct books in the correct order. He reached for the note in his pocket and it's a long list of book titles: House-Elves & Self-Hatred Elves and Goblins Runelore: The Hidden Codes Mermish Dictionary Immortality: The Darkest Magic Owls' Magical Talents Nature's Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy Encyclopaedia of Magical Creatures It took some time for Draco to locate all the copies. As soon as he touched the eight books in the right order, the bookcase split into half and displayed a door. Draco pushed it open and walked inside. The desk she'd mentioned was right across the entrance and there were two stacks of books facing him. Grantham, This is definitely not "some" books. Feeling curious about what the witch liked to read, he studied the piles of books—The Secrets of Time-Travel, How Magic Interferes Time, Messing with Time... Every single book was related to time-travel. She must be really interested in this magic field. Was it only a coincidence? She didn't know he's a time-traveller, right? He didn't recall himself acting strange or saying anything weird in front of her. Draco decided not to over-interpret things. He randomly selected four books before he carried them downstairs in his arm. His missions had been finished smoothly and there's still some time before the sun set. Therefore, instead of apparating back to the Muggle village, he moved towards the Leaky Cauldron. His suitcase was still lying inside the wardrobe of his room. He didn't lower his guard when he entered the inn. It was completely black with no lighted candles or torches. With the brightness on the tip of his wand, he had a good view of the dining area. Although the famous wizard's pub was shabby and dark, it was never a mess. Glass containers were smashed into pieces; chairs and stools were knocked over on the floor which was covered with clotting blood. He followed the bloodstain, making sure that the red didn't get on his leather shoes in the meantime. His eyes enlarged as he spotted a bald man lying in a pool of blood. He recognized it was the owner of the inn. The man's clothes had been dyed into dark red; he had a long deep cut in the chest and several slits in his arms and legs. He's badly mutilated. Squatting next to him, Draco outstretched his arm and placed his finger under the man's nostrils. Draco slowly withdrew his arm and sighed. He's dead. While wondering where the man had got the injuries from, he went upstairs to his room. His room was just as clean as the time he'd headed out to the bookstore a week ago. With a few flicks of his wand, he gathered all his belongings and Grantham's book into his suitcase in seconds. For their guests' privacy, you couldn't apparate in the inn. Draco had to get out of the building in order to apparate. Carrying his leather suitcase, he hurried down the stairs. Draco carefully stepped astride the corpse to get to the exit. Before he pushed the door open, he darted a glance at the dead body over his shoulder. It's not like he could do anything about it. He didn't know where he could seek help or let anyone know about the death of the pub owner. The Ministry of Magic didn't exist in 1612. Suddenly, he felt a strong hold around his ankle, causing him to drop his suitcase in astonishment. He lowered his head and pointed his lighted wand to his foot. A short, stocky man had wrapped his hand around his leg. However, it's not exactly a man. It's a dwarf. Fear surged through Draco's body when he saw the axe in its hand. Aiming at his leg, the creature gave its axe a swing. The blade was merely inches away from his flesh before Draco reflexively cast a Banishing Charm. "Depulso." The dwarf let go of his ankle instantly as an invisible force hit right into its chest, driving its tiny body into the air towards the wall across. The small humanoid bumped into the bricks and the collision had induced it to lose hold of its axe, followed by a clinking sound that was produced when the metal blade hit the floor. "That was close," murmured Draco. His hand shifted to his forehead, pushing his white-blond fringe out of his sight. He'd almost lost a leg for Merlin's sake. He approached the fainted being attentively before he kicked the axe away from the dwarf by its wooden handle. Then he bent down and inspected the axe closely. The blade was coated with congealed crimson. Apparently, the inn owner was murdered by this dwarf. Despite their super-strength, dwarves were pretty tamed and calm. Draco had never heard of dwarves attacked anyone unless someone's trying to steal the treasures of or harm their master. It made everything more unreasonable. Dwarves worked at the Leaky Cauldron, suggested that the inn owner was their master. Then why would a dwarf kill its master all of a sudden? Hang on, where are the other dwarves though? There was an abrupt noise coming from the kitchen. Driven by his anxiety and distress, Draco retreated to the exit, holding his wand tightly. In the blink of an eye, five or six dwarves, each one had an axe in hand, dashed out of the kitchen towards him. Draco picked up his suitcase on the ground and ran out of the inn. The dwarves were howling and swinging their weapons when Draco apparated hurriedly. What the hell is going on with this world? Author's note: I'm not going to update every day after today since I'm getting busier. I'll try my best to update once a week though. Don't worry, I won't just leave this piece of work undone because I really like the plot so much. And please tell me what you think because I'd love to hear your opinions!
