chapter one. daylight savings won't fix this mess Bellatrix Black woke with a start, breath barely reaching her lungs as she gasped for air. Her hands clawed at her neck and her eyes bulged. She twisted wildly, her legs catching in her sheets as she thrashed around. After what felt like an hour, she settled back against the bed. Must have been some Quidditch party, she thought wryly, staring up at the green canopy above her bed. Her whole body ached painfully, particularly her left side, where the younger Winickus brother had accidentally redirected a bludger into her. She pushed herself into a sitting position. She'd just have to convince Andy to give her one of the good headache potions and maybe patch up her ribs. Something tugged at the back of her mind, an oppressive darkness that must have been what woke her up in such a way. She scrubbed a hand over her face, eventually pulling at some of her more unruly curls that had broken free from her braid. Pushing open her curtains, she glanced around the seventh year dormitory, which was strangely empty. There weren't any trunks or posters. Not even Beth's annoyingly cloying perfume hung in the air. It was just...empty. Bellatrix dove to the ground, searching for her belongings, but there was nothing there. Desperate, she shoved a hand under her pillow in search of her wand. She sighed in relief as the cool walnut met her fingers. Biting back a vicious curse, she stormed out of the room, ready to tear into whatever idiot messed with her belongings. But the staircase was quiet and clean. Not at all how it should be after winning the Cup. Last night there had been streamers and butter beer bottles and snogging couples. Now it was just abandoned. Her heart pounded uncomfortably in her throat as she emerged into the common room. "Alright, you filthy muggle-lovers, what have you…" Bellatrix's voice faded away as she stared at the empty room. Like the staircases, it was completely abandoned. There was no trace of anybody. In fact, it seemed like how the common room looked at the beginning of term. But it was May. Her wand now drawn, she tore back up the stairs, first to the third year dormitory in search of Narcissa. If whoever had pulled this stunt had touched either of her sisters, she would flay them alive, without magic. But it was empty. The beds were turned up, the pillows all stacked in one corner. "Cissy!" She screamed, her voice breaking with the anxiety of her missing sister. She checked every corner of the room before moving up to the fifth floor. "Andy! Andromeda! This isn't funny anymore!" With a long string of curses, she burst back into the common room. She would just go to breakfast and then hex whoever had done this into the next millennium. Casting a cursory glance around the empty common room, Bellatrix shook her head and left the Slytherin common room. As the door slammed shut behind her, a newspaper fluttered down from one of the bookcases. LORD VOLDEMORT DEAD; HARRY POTTER VICTORIOUS Bellatrix practically sprinted up the narrow staircases that led to the Great Hall. The air was heavy with dust and magic; it crackled at her skin. It felt both unnatural and strangely familiar. When she finally reached the Entrance Hall, her mouth fell open. It was in ruins. Large parts of the ceiling lay broken on the ground and there was a dark smear that looked awfully like blood across the floor. "What in Merlin's name…" She trailed off as she saw a girl about her age emerge from behind one of the pieces of masonry. Her wand was in the air, directing a series of bricks back into the entryway. Bellatrix's fingers curled around her own wand as she watched the girl. She didn't even look vaguely familiar, but Bellatrix felt drawn to her. Bellatrix's foot caught on a bit of loose rock, causing the stone to clatter across the floor noisily. The girl spun around sharply, her wand posed for dueling. Her eyes fell on Bellatrix and her mouth fell open. "Who are you? How did you get in here?" The girl's wand remained firmly pointed at Bellatrix as she advanced on her, stepping deftly over the various chunks of rock. Bellatrix, in response, raised her own wand, ready to jinx the girl if need be. The other girl's eyes flitted down to Bellatrix's wand and her mouth fell open. "You!" She brandished her wand violently at Bellatrix. If not for her Quidditch instincts, Bellatrix might have been another dark smear on the floor as a large piece of rock flew past where her head had been. "You are supposed to be," the girl shot a fast series of stunners towards where Bellatrix lay, "dead!" she spat the last word along with a purple jet of light. Bellatrix rolled to the side and threw up a shield. The spell glanced off into the wall behind her. The girl continued to throw curses at her, steadily advancing on her. Bellatrix, still disoriented by the state of the entrance hall, maintained a shield in front of her. She swiped a hand across her eyes as dust continuously fell into them, partially blinding her. Bellatrix came to her senses as a stunner nearly grazed her cheek. She narrowed her eyes and surged forward, casting a series of curses back at the other witch. "Who in Merlin's name are you?" The other witch was prodigious, nearly a match to Bellatrix's own skill. The two witches exchanged curses until a particularly tricky bit of skill work ended with Bellatrix on the ground, her wand in the other girl's hand. "Get up." The other girl jerked her wand at her violently. "I said, get up." Bellatrix slowly stood to her feet, not too fond of the dark glint in the brunette's eye. "Incarcerous." "What are you doing? Do you know who I am?" Bellatrix struggled against the thin ropes cutting into her wrists. The other girl shoved her forward, her wand pressed between Bellatrix's shoulder blades. "Unfortunately, yes, I do. Now move. We'll go speak with McGonagall. I'm sure she'll be thrilled to see you." The other girl gripped her shoulder and dug her wand into Bellatrix's back. Bellatrix hesitated for a moment before moving forward in the direction the girl pushed her. The pair walked in silence until Bellatrix made to turn towards the transfiguration classroom. The other girl let out a hiss and forced her the other way. "You said McGonagall, right?" "Yes." "We're going the wrong way." "No, we aren't." "Do you even attend Hogwarts?" "I did." "Past tense?" "Just shut up, okay?" Bellatrix shrugged her shoulder, ignoring the pain shooting up her ribcage. "Whatever you want." The other girl led her through the hallways, which looked as if it had been ravaged by a war. They came to a stop in front of the headmaster's office, guarded by a gargoyle missing its beak. The other girl moved in front of Bellatrix, one hand still resting on Bellatrix's shoulder. Bellatrix took the opportunity to study her captor more closely. She was slightly taller than Bellatrix in height, but of a similar slim build. Her hair looked like it needed a good smoothing potion, but was otherwise a pretty brown color. Bellatrix traced down the girl's outstretched arm on her shoulder. Mudblood A chill passed down Bellatrix's spine as she studied the word. It had been carved into her skin, still pink and scabbing at points. She couldn't tear her gaze away from the girl. Was she a mudblood? But she had been such a talented duelist. Her magic had overpowered Bellatrix. That couldn't be. The letters looked so familiar. Why did they look...so… But then she was fading away. There was black forming around the edges of her vision. She was falling. She was falling. She was falling. xx Bellatrix screamed. She screamed until her voice gave out. She screamed for her master, for her sister, for the deaths of her enemies. She cursed that fucking Weasley who had hit her. She cursed the Potter boy and his inability to die. She sobbed. Tears coursed down her cheeks. She couldn't remember the last time she had cried. That was a lie. She knew when the last time she had cried had been. It had been as she held Cissy when a letter arrived from her middle sister, announcing her marriage to that filthy mudblood. After that, she had forsworn tears. She would not shed tears over anybody else. And yet here she was, surrounded by darkness, sobbing. "Child." The voice held the multitudes of the universe in it. It was timeless and ancient and it made Bellatrix want to claw her skin off. "Welcome." She tried to twist around to look at her surroundings, but found herself frozen in place. A figure emerged from the crushing darkness, a woman, but it was almost painful to look too closely at her face. Bellatrix hissed, but it was not in anger, but in fear. "Where am I?" The ensuing chuckle felt as if it could level civilizations. "That depends I suppose, child. Do you follow a religion?" "I know of the Old Gods and of those worshipped by foolish muggles." "All are close in their approximation of what happens next. But none are fully correct." "What am I doing here then? I'm dead." "I have long been curious about you, Bellatrix Agrippa Black. I have watched you since you were born. When you and your mother almost perished. I watched as you fought and dragged yourself back into the world of the living. Your cheeks turned pink and you wailed and I was intrigued. Your name. Bellatrix. The female warrior. You are at your core, a fighter. I have watched as you have fought through every moment of your life." The woman brushed a few fingers across Bellatrix's cheek, her touch somehow burning and freezing at once. A press of images overwhelmed Bellatrix, her eyes rolling back into her head. "You fought to protect your sisters from the dangers of your father, from the darkness of your mother." Narcissa, aged five, braided daisies into Bellatrix's dark hair while Andy wove crowns of flowers for them. Andromeda, her face smiling and so similar to Bellatrix's own. The pair of them curled in one bed, giggling, whispering secrets. "You fought to prove yourself." The rapid fire images of her sorting, her first Quidditch cup, her dueling championships. The images disappeared as a voice she had not heard in many years said, "You could be brilliant, Bellatrix, but you must choose your own path. Do not allow others to control your destiny." "Of course not, Professor McGonagall." "If you do not wish to go through with this wedding, you will always have a place with me." A warm smile, a cup of tea. Then pain. "You fought to save yourself from pain, even though it meant throwing yourself into the fire." The burn of the dark mark. Her Lord's hissed words of praise. But then, Rodolphus' face looming over her. She tried to scream but there was no sound. "But in your fight for survival, you have lost your soul." Bellatrix's eyes were forced open and she found the woman so close to her face she ought to have been able to feel her breath, but there was no air. "I have lost nothing, but my Lord!" Bellatrix spat out, her hands curling into fists at her side. That laugh came again and Bellatrix wanted to curl into a ball. "You have lost everything. But fret not, child. Of all those who have died today, you shall be the only one to receive a second chance." "To stand by my master." She stated. Something hissed across her cheek, leaving pain in its wake. "Foolish child. You will have a chance to redeem yourself. You have left a scar across your world. And you will repair it." "I did my best to serve my Lord! I will not apologize for that! Release me!" Something gripped her head tightly as if it were pressing her further into the darkness. "You will return but it will not be as you currently are. I will return you to before you were tainted, but you will not forget what you have done. You will live with the weight of your actions." The darkness pressed down upon her, forcing her backwards into nothingness. xx "How could she be here, Professor?" Hermione asked, wringing her hands in her lap. "We all saw her die. I saw them bury her body. She was gone." Her gaze remained fixed on the girl lying prone on a hospital bed, her dark hair spilled across the pillow. The face was the same in structure as the one that haunted her dreams, but it was the youthfulness that was throwing Hermione. She looked innocent, harmless, nothing like the dark witch that had died barely a week ago. "I'm not sure, Miss Granger." She cast a glance to her professor, who looked stricken. "Time turner accident?" "It is possible, I suppose. But I don't know where she could've gotten one. If I had to estimate her age, I would say she is from her last year of school, maybe soon after." "Is that before she became a Death Eater or after?" Hermione didn't even attempt to keep the sneer off her face. She could, for all of her brain power, not comprehend a Bellatrix Lestrange who was not evil and madness incarnate. "Or was she always evil, Bellatrix Lestrange?" The look McGonagall pinned her with would've made eleven year old Hermione practically burst into tears. It made seventeen year old Hermione curl in on herself in shame. "At this time in her life, she went by Bella Black, star chaser of the Slytherin Quidditch Team, top of her class, generally known as the brightest witch of her age," McGonagall cast a meaningful glance towards Hermione as she said the phrase that had followed Hermione since her first year at Hogwarts. "Miss Black graduated with 11 Outstandings on her NEWTs, and then was immediately betrothed to Rodolphus Lestrange and the rest is, as they say, history. The Bella Black I knew was fiercely loyal to her sisters, to a fault. Had a temper and was alone more often than not. She spent a shocking amount of time in the library and was known for having a smart mouth in most of her classes." "Oh," was all Hermione could manage to say, her chest tight. The image McGonagall painted of a young Bellatrix sounded so achingly familiar, she couldn't help but wonder what caused that girl to turn into the woman she would become. "Yes, very much so. I'm going to consult with my predecessors to see if we can't come up with a solution for young Miss Black here." McGonagall stood to her feet, a world weariness still pressing against her shoulders. "Do send a Patronus if she wakes or anything changes." McGonagall patted Hermione on the shoulder kindly before leaving the hospital wing. Hermione redirected her focus back to the dark witch in front of her, studying her still features. How could the girl that McGonagall described be here in 1998, 30 years out of time? She studied the pair of walnut wands in her hands. At first glance, they were indiscernible, but upon further inspection, or in the hands of someone who knew the wand as well as Hermione did there were noticeable differences. For starters, one had taken far more abuse, a result no doubt due to its wielder's many duels. There was one long, thin gouge near the handle, however that was shared by both wands. But far more telling was the feeling that tugged at Hermione as she held the one she had been using. It felt powerful, but a powerful darkness that threatened to overwhelm all else. The other wand felt equally powerful, but without the suppressive darkness. This was a wand that had never tortured Neville's parents to madness. Had never murdered muggles for sport. Had never killed Sirius. Had never caused so much destruction. And, Hermione concluded, neither had the girl in front of her. But she would, Hermione thought with a shake of her head. This girl would still become Bellatrix Lestrange. She would still do all of those horrible, dark, evil things. She was still evil, and Hermione would be damned if she let her upset the new peace that had finally settled in the wizarding world. xx hope you all enjoyed! hoping to get on a semi-regular schedule for this and get it all out there quickly! lmk what you thought! chapter title from courtney barnett's "pedestrian at best" also being cross posted on ao3. much love xx b
chapter two. thunder only happens when it's raining "Tea anyone?" McGonagall offered, breaching the silence between the three witches. Hermione was staring fixedly out the window, refusing to glance in Bellatrix's direction while Bellatrix was fixed on the portraits behind her desk of the headmasters. Dumbledore smiled back at her, his half-moon glasses precariously perched on his nose. Bella couldn't comprehend it. He had been at her Quidditch match the day before. And he had certainly not seemed like he was on the verge of death or retiring. But there was his portrait. She had never paid much mind to the portraits of former headmasters. There was, of course, her ancestor Phineas, who also had a portrait in her Aunt Walburga's house, but there was another younger man on the other side of Dumbledore that seemed vaguely familiar. She shifted in her seat as the professor passed her a cup of tea, her body aching painfully. She was no stranger to pain, be it from Quidditch or a visit home, but this felt different. It was as if the very essence of her being was in pain. The cup of tea felt wonderful in her hands and she cradled it to her chest. Since her little swooning fit, a bone-chilling cold had lodged itself in her body, not unlike the sensation described in Dementor attacks. "Feeling any better, Miss Black?" "Thank you, Professor. I'm not sure what came over me." Her gaze slid momentarily to the girl hovering near the window, her arms tight across her chest. "If I may, what happened to the castle? It looks like a warzone." The flinches of the other two more than answered her question, but still McGonagall pressed on without answering it. "All in due time. Now, Miss Black, if you would tell me the date?" Bella furrowed her brow, trying to deduce what game the Transfiguration professor was playing. "The date? It's the 10th of May." "The year." The other girl had a deceptively gentle voice for somebody who hexed first, asked questions later. "1968. What is this about? What is going on?" McGonagall pinched the bridge of her nose for a long moment, exhaling sharply, before saying, "Miss Black, I'm not sure how best to say this…." "It's 1998." Bellatrix's mouth fell open. "1998…? How? How is this possible?" Bellatrix, despite the pain in her body, shot to her feet. The panic began to roll through her body. "No, no, no." 1998. That was thirty years. It was almost the new millennium. That meant… she was nearly 50. "H-how? What happened to me? Professor, please. You have to tell me. You have to help me!" "Miss Black, I understand this is a lot to take in-" "A lot to take in!" She shot to her feet, wishing desperately she at least had her wand on her. "There is certainly a lot to take in. I need to go back. You have to send me back." "Are you in possession of a time-turner?" The girl by the window interjected, her posture defensive as if she expected Bella to attack at any given moment. Bellatrix had only ever seen a broken time turner in a drawer of her uncle's study. But before she could touch it or examine it further, her father had called her away. "No, of course not." Her mind caught up quickly. "You could just use a time-turner to send me back! If you just send me back to the 10th of May in 1968, there will be no difference. You haven't told me anything about the future, I haven't affected anything. I haven't seen my future self. It'll be as if this never happened." "All the time-turners were destroyed in the Department of Mysteries two years ago." Bella was really starting to dislike this girl, whoever she was. "Who would be dumb enough to destroy the time-turners?" The other two witches shared a knowing look that made her skin tingle. She focused back on McGonagall, she was at the very least a known entity. "Please, Professor, I need to go back. Please." McGonagall's dark eyes were filled with sympathy as she shook her head. "I'm afraid I have no means of sending you back at this time. If we knew how you arrived here, it might be more obvious. What had you been doing last night?" "Were you using dark magic? That might have caused this," said the girl. Bella twisted in her seat to glare at her. "I had just won a bloody Quidditch match and had been celebrating with my house. I certainly wasn't practicing dark magic, what are you, dumb?" She all but snarled. She was sick of this girl. First she tied her up, then she accused her of dark magic. It wasn't as if Bella hadn't been exposed to dark magic. It practically oozed out of the walls at some of her family homes. But she wasn't dumb enough to practice it at school. Many of her Slytherin housemates may have dabbled at Hogwarts, but more often than not they were quickly caught and punished. "Girls!" McGonagall's sharp tone cut off the other girl's response and she raised her hands to surrender. "Sorry, professor, but dark magic is certainly a possibility, you know, given everything that's happened and who is involved." Bella's eyes narrowed dangerously. "And what do you mean by that?" "Nothing, nothing at all." "I don't think we've had the pleasure of meeting, given that your first greeting was to hex me for no good reason. Where are my manners," she sneered, "I am Bellatrix Black, of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black. Who are you?" "None of your business if you'd like to go back to your time." The other girl smirked as Bella flinched down. She couldn't be trapped in this time. She needed to get back. She would just have to keep her temper in check, something made easier by the loss of her wand. "Can I at least have my wand back?" She asked, facing McGonagall once more. "I don't see why not. Miss Granger?" Granger, her mouth agape, remained frozen by the window. "Professor, you can't seriously mean to give her her wand back. Have you gone mad?" "Miss Granger!" "I only mean, Professor, are you sure?" Granger backtracked, her cheeks flushed. She's rather pretty, Bella thought absently, with her cheeks all flushed and glowing. But she quickly stamped down the thought. With a sigh, Granger handed Bella her wand, their fingers brushing in the process. There was a spark of electricity between them, but neither girl acknowledged it. "Miss Granger, if you wouldn't mind heading down to the kitchens and letting Dobby know we have another guest in the castle at the moment, I would be greatly obliged." Granger nodded stiffly, then paused, narrowing her eyes at Bella. "Are you sure you'll be okay, Professor?" "Certainly." McGonagall's tone brooked no further discussion and Bella suppressed a grin as Granger shuffled out like a dog with its tail between its legs. "Now, Miss Black," she began as the door shut behind Granger. "You will have to forgive us. You have come in a difficult time." "You don't bloody say," muttered Bella under her breath. "As I was saying, it is a difficult time. As you noticed, the castle is under repair and things are not the most stable." "Couldn't we just find my future self? I'm sure she, or I suppose, I know how to send me back." A shadow passed across McGonagall's face. Something pulled painfully at the pit of her stomach. "I'm dead, aren't I? I'm not even fifty and I'm dead." McGonagall made no move to confirm or deny. "How?" She finally croaked after a long beat. "I'm afraid I can't tell you much of what's going on until we know what has happened to you. I can't in good conscience allow you to alter the past or the future, Miss Black." "Do you think I want to be here?" Bella snarled, her fingers itching for her wand. "I didn't ask to be sent here. Just tell me what happened to me. What happened to my family. Where are my sisters?" "I'm sorry, Bellatrix. I can't. Are you hungry?" Bella blinked at the older woman, baffled by the sudden change in topic. "What?" "I asked if you were hungry or not. Winky makes a fabulous stuffed chicken." "I'm stranded thirty years in the future. A future where I'm already dead and you're talking about chicken?" Bella tugged at her braid, suddenly distinctly aware that she was still in her pyjamas from the night before. "Professor, please. I need to go back. It's imperative that I'm in 1968 for my graduation. It's not just for me, but for my sisters' sake." "I can promise you your sisters are, well," McGonagall hesitated and that shadow returned to her face. "They are as fine as can be expected." "Where are they then? Surely it can't hurt for me to at least see them." "I'm afraid that wouldn't be possible." "Why not? They're in the future, it wouldn't affect the past. I just need to know that they're okay." Bella fought the tears that pricked at the corner of her eyes, frustrated with her teacher and the events of the day. McGonagall moved to pat Bella on the hand, but ultimately thought better of it. "It wouldn't affect the past, but it would affect them at this delicate moment." "I know Cissy can be a bit emotional and I'm sure she hasn't exactly grown out of that, but Andromeda is level-headed to a fault. At least let me speak with Andy," she pleaded. She needed Andy's logic and balance. She needed her sister to tell her everything would be okay. "Bella, stop. I can't let you speak to either of your sisters. I'm sorry." Why wouldn't McGonagall let her see her sisters? What could have happened to them? "Are they dead as well?" "No, they are both in good health as far as I know." "Well, if they aren't dead, and I am, wouldn't they want to see me once more?" "I will not put them through that if I can avoid it." "Fine." Bellatrix stood to her feet, frustrated with the circular conversation. "If that's all, I'll be heading off to bed." "I think that would be best. Allow me to show you to the Gryffindor common room." Bella blanched. "Gryffindor?" "Yes, much of the castle is in disarray and that is where Miss Granger is staying. So that is where you will stay." McGonagall motioned for Bella to follow her without much room for argument. As they walked through the castle, Bella couldn't help but stare at the partially repaired damage. There were gaping holes in the ceiling where starlight poured through and the staircases crumbled away into nothingness at certain points. And was that blood? Bella wrinkled her nose as they passed by a dark smear of red on a wall. She wondered who had been fighting and over what. How did it happen at Hogwarts, one of the safest places in Wizarding Britain? Her pondering was interrupted by McGonagall saying, "Victory" which caused the portrait to swing open. Granger sat waiting for them in front of the fire, her scowl back on her face. "Miss Granger, if you would please show Miss Black to the head girl's quarters. I think it best she stay close for the time being." Granger looked as if she wanted to say something, but refrained, standing to her feet jerkily. "C'mon then." "Miss Black," called McGonagall right as they reached the stairway, "I will do everything in my power to fix this and send you back to your time." "Thank you, Professor." Bellatrix nodded curtly to the teacher, all of her years of etiquette training forcing her face to a neutral expression. "I appreciate it." Granger coughed, a few stairs ahead of Bellatrix, and Bellatrix turned back to follow her up the stairs. She had only been in Gryffindor tower once for an ill-advised hook-up in her sixth year. And it apparently had not changed with time, remaining a nauseating mix of red and garish gold. She far preferred her Slytherin common room with its calming green and dark colors. Granger pushed open a door at the very top of the tower, revealing a rather large room draped in dark red. "The bathroom is just through there if you'd like to freshen up." Her tone could only be described as forcibly polite, but Bella was just glad she wasn't trying to hex her anymore because Bella would hate to break McGonagall's pet mudblood (if her arm was to be believed). Bella was ready now, unlike the events of this morning. She splashed some water on her face, surprised by the deep dark circles carved beneath her eyes. When she emerged from the bathroom, there was a second bed in the room and a large folding divider in the center of the room. "Why are there two beds?" "Because we will be sharing the room for the time being." "Are you serious? I will not sleep in the same room as a mudblood." As soon as the words left Bella's lips, Granger was on her, pinning her to the wall. "I'd advise you stop using that term. It is no longer acceptable in this time." Her forearm pressed against Bella's shoulders and their hips were practically touching. Granger's mousy appearance covered the fact that she was surprisingly fit if the muscles in her arm were anything to go by. As their noses practically brushed, the extra few inches Granger had on her seemed more dramatic, and frankly annoying. "Get the fuck off of me, mudblood." Bella grinned at the flinch that she felt more than saw, but that grin slipped as she felt the point of Granger's wand dig into her side. "Don't test me, Le-Black." Bella shoved Granger back. "Just stay away from me." "Gladly," spat Granger, spinning on her heel. "I'll be back later. Have a good night." The door clicked behind Granger and Bellatrix's walls collapsed. She shuffled to the bed, again in a terrible shade of red, and fell onto it. With a flick of her wrist, the curtains fell shut, blocking out the outside world. A loud sob ripped from her chest, Bellatrix curled in on herself. She wanted her sisters. She wanted Andromeda's gentle reassurance and steady hand. She wanted Cissy's bright smile and silly nature. How could she abandon her sisters? She needed to get back to her own time no matter the cost. xx Hermione pressed her back against the dormitory door, mind reeling. She shuddered as she listened to the sobs coming from within the room. Bellatrix Lestrange, Voldemort's second-in-command, the most feared of the Death Eaters, sobbing in Gryffindor Tower. She didn't know what to think. As she made her way back to the common room, she was left unsure of what to do. So she did what she did best, she went to the library. After a brief discussion with the Fat Lady instructing her to not allow Bellatrix to open the door, she made her way down to the library, ignoring the creepiness of the empty castle. The library had largely been spared during the Battle thanks to Madam Pince's valiant defense of her domain. There was only a few pieces of rubble that had crushed a study table when a spider had dropped from the sky. But Madam Pince had quickly dispatched it with the help of a couple of Ravenclaws. It was a solace to Hermione's frayed sense of self to have the library unchanged. Harry and Ron might mock her instinct to always return to her books, but her books had saved them on more occasions than she cared to count. And so, her books may hold the answer to rid herself of the death eater currently sobbing in her room. Pulling a spare bit of parchment from her pocket, she tapped it with her wand. "Bellatrix Lestrange subjectium aperte revelatus." It was a handy spell she had invented in her fifth year after one too many difficulties with Madam Pince over the location of specific texts. She was hoping one day to market it as a research tool, but other things had taken priority. The paper soon filled with a number of texts and their location throughout the library. A large portion of them were found in the History of Wizarding Britain, 1945-1981 section as well as the Current Events section. Hermione soon found herself with a neat pile floating behind her. There were also a handful of newspaper articles dating back to Bellatrix's birth announcement as well as other mentions in the society pages before it switched to reports of attacks on muggles and citizens, filled with torture and murder. Clippings of those flipped into a folder before resting atop the stack of books. The last items on her list were over in the journal section, an area which Hermione had always wished she had more time for. She, naturally, subscribed to a few journals herself like American Magical Review, Journal of Applied Magical Theory and Magie Internationale. But very rarely had journal article come up in the course of her studies at Hogwarts. The paper directed her to two different journals and editions: The Athenian Journal of Runic Research and Camelot (a journal concerned with new areas of magical research). She wasn't sure why those would be included in her research of Bellatrix Lestrange nee Black, but she figured Bellatrix must have been the topic of some research into the rise and fall of Voldemort. With an appropriately Hermione sized stack of books (as Ron would say), she made her way back to the common room, stopping briefly to chat with Nearly-Headless Nick. Dobby popped in for a moment to drop off some soup as he was getting worried that Miss Hermy wasn't eating enough for all of her important work. As she ate, she flipped through the early newspaper clippings which spoke of Bellatrix as the glittering jewel of Pureblood society, the dark eldest daughter of the Black family. It was clear that she was in high regard as early as her fourteenth birthday if Hermione's math was correct. One article in particular caught Hermione's eye. "Cynus of House Black and Druella of House Rosier are proud to announce the engagement of their eldest daughter, Bellatrix Agrippa, to Rodolphus Lestrange, son of Randall of House Lestrange and Anastasia of House Avery. Bellatrix has recently graduated from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizarding at the top of her class. Rodolphus has recently returned from a tour of South and Central America, where he was working to help ease business relations for his father's investments in the region. The couple will be married in a ceremony in Fall 1968." The clipping was accompanied by a photo of the "happy couple". Hermione had seen photos of Bellatrix before, screaming mad with the loss of her master, her skin sallow and hair wild. But this photo, somehow, was even worse than those. The girl in the photo looked far too young to be marrying the man behind her. Even in the photo, it was as she was constantly trying to squirm away from him, but his tight grip on her hip prevented it. Fall of 1968 meant that this would have occurred within a month of Bellatrix's graduation. Hermione could barely even wrap her mind around going steady with Ron at this point, much less being engaged and getting married. This must be why Bellatrix was so eager to get back. She didn't want to lose out on her fiancee, no matter how deranged he would turn out. Hermione shuddered, despite the comfortable warmth of the common room. Rodolphus was still at large as was his brother, somehow slipping away in the chaos of the battle. Hermione tried not to think too much about how many of Voldemort's supporters disappeared, but it was hard not to when one was smirking up at her from the Prophet. She shoved the clipping away from her, reaching for one of the academic journals. Hermione fully expected an in-depth analysis of Bellatrix's psychology or fighting style. She was certainly not expecting to find "The Application of Ancient Greek Runes in Modern Day Warding and Shield Charms by Bellatrix Black" of "The Development of Engraved Magical Artifacts for Increased Security of Self and of the Home by Bellatrix Black and Minerva McGonagall". The first article had been published in March 1968, but the second one had been published in 1969, a year after Bellatrix had left Hogwarts. McGonagall had clearly been close to be publishing research with Bellatrix. This was raising more questions than it answered. Nonetheless, Bellatrix's research was fascinating and Hermione couldn't help but get sucked in. So engrossed was she, that she barely noticed when her eyes slid shut and the journal fell to the floor with a quiet thud.
chapter three. grip on tight to your youth Hermione awoke to a pair of wide, brown eyes mere inches from her face. She blinked rapidly, her sleepy mind trying to catch up with reality. "Dobby!" "G'Morning, Miss Hermione. Winky is here to wake you up." "Huh?" "Miss Hermione is sleeping on the couch." Hermione pushed herself into a seated position, rubbing at the inevitable crick in her neck. "Oh, right, thank you, Winky. I appreciate your concern." The little elf twisted her hands anxiously in her shirt, her eyes fixed on her feet. "Is there something else?" "Is it true there's a bad witch here? Kreacher says his mistress is here and Winky knows Kreacher has a bad mistress." Hermione wrinkled her nose as she tried to address Winky's concerns. "Um, there is someone here, yes, that Kreacher may know. But, it's a bit, er, complicated I suppose. I promise you that no one will hurt you Winky." "Winky knows that Miss Hermione is a good witch. Winky's friend Dobby says so." Hermione's heart clenched at the mention of the elf who had died saving Hermione from Bellatrix. She of course kept that information to herself. Winky is needing to tell Miss Hermione more." "Yes, Winky?" "Miss Hermione's friend is crying. The one up there." Winky gestured up to the ceiling. "Winky is thinking you should know." Winky's gaze dropped to her feet again. "Winky is thinking you should help her." "Thank you, Winky. I think I'll take your advice." The small elf blushed bright pink and nodded quickly. "Winky is needing to get back to the kitchen. Is Miss Hermione coming down for Winky's breakfast?" "I wouldn't miss it for the world, Winky." "You is too kind, Miss Hermione." Winky bowed deeply, a habit Hermione had yet to break her of, and apparated away. Hermione dropped her head into her hands, still trying to process the events of yesterday. The memory of Bellatrix's sobs was seared into her memory, but it didn't erase so many other memories. With a heavy sigh, Hermione stood to her feet, wincing as her back popped. A lazy wave of her wand cleared up her books into a neat pile out of Bellatrix's eyeline. After a long moment trying to get her head on straight, Hermione made the long journey up to the top of Gryffindor Tower. Fingers crossed behind her back, Hermione hoped to find Bellatrix sleeping peacefully or at the very least awake. But it was not to be. One of the curtains surrounding her bed had been cut in half, the ends singed. Bellatrix whimpered, clutching desperately to her pillow. She sounded so human in that moment that Hermione didn't even realize her feet had carried her to Bellatrix's side until the other girl twisted wildly to the side and kicked Hermione. "Bellatrix!" Hermione tried to catch Bellatrix's hands and still her movement but the other witch was moving too much. Hermione, in a desperate attempt to still Bellatrix, pushed her onto her back and pinned her hands above her head. Bellatrix's movements forced Hermione to move closer until she was practically lying on top of Bellatrix. The other girl finally stilled slightly and Hermione breathed a sigh of relief. "You know, muddy, I usually prefer to be on top," the husky, sleep-filled voice sent an involuntary shiver down Hermione's spine. Hermione leapt backwards, eyes wide with horror. "You...you were having a nightmare. You were hurting yourself." Bellatrix looked away quickly, her cheeks tinged with pink. She moved to sit up, wincing as her ribs continued to pull. "Are you hurt?" "One of my beaters accidentally redirected a bludger into me during our game. I didn't bother to have it checked out by the new medi-witch, Poppycock or whatever her name is." Bellatrix pressed a hand to her left side, wincing again, this time letting out a small whimper. "I figured I'd just have my sister take a look at it, she's good at that sort of thing." "Narcissa?" Hermione asked curiously. The few times she had met the Malfoy matriarch, she hadn't gotten the impression that she was particularly empathetic or even magically gifted. But then again, one time had been at a Quidditch match, the other her sister had been torturing Hermione. Bellatrix fixed her with an odd look. "No, of course not. Andy- Andromeda." Hermione's heart immediately rose to her throat. She hadn't even thought of the middle Black sister, who had lost her entire family in the war. And it was rumored that Tonks had been killed by her own aunt, who was currently sitting in front of Hermione. "Do you know Cissy?" Hermione broke out of her reverie and nodded a bit. "Um, yes, sort of, well, I went to school with her son, your nephew I guess." "Cissy has a son? I mean of course she does, it's thirty years." Bellatrix scrubbed a hand over her face. "What's his name? I'm assuming it's with that Malfoy boy, what's his face, the one who thinks he's so pretty." Hermione let out a snort of laughter. "I'll take that as a yes," chuckled Bellatrix, but she came up short as pain shot through her body. "For Hades' sake, what was wrong with that bludger?" "Can I, can I take a look?" Hermione asked, her voice far gentler than before. Bellatrix cast an appraising look her way before she nodded. "I don't see what would be wrong with that. Just no funny business, muddy." "You continue to be so charming, Les-Black." Hermione moved closer to the bed, feeling terribly like prey that willing walked towards a predator, even if the other girl didn't have her wand. Bellatrix gingerly lifted up one side of her pyjama top. Hermione gasped as a large black mark covered Bellatrix's ribs. "Sweet Jesus." "What?" Bellatrix tried to twist to see it, but Hermione's hand on her shoulder stilled her. "Muddy, tell me what it is. Now!" "I don't know, I've never seen anything like this. Are you sure it was just a bludger?" Hermione brushed her fingers across the edge of the mark, ignoring the softness of Bellatrix's pale skin. "This looks like dark magic." "What do you know about dark magic, muddy?" snarled Bellatrix, shoving Hermione away from her. Hermione snorted. Much of what she had learned about dark magic had been made a necessity by Bellatrix Lestrange. "Enough to know that that is the result of dark magic. I have a salve that will help make you more comfortable, but I doubt it will do much to make the mark go away." "Do it." Bellatrix stood to her feet and made her way over to the mirror to examine the mark while Hermione retrieved the salve from her beaded bag. Hermione wanted to pinch herself as she watched Bellatrix, her body untouched by war and prison yet. She was rather beautiful, in a dark sort of way, if you were into that sort of thing of course. Hermione forced herself to turn away before she got caught staring. "Here, sit back down on the bed and I'll get to work." Bellatrix nodded imperiously, her chin tipped impossibly upwards. "So, Andromeda is talented at healing magic?" Hermione asked as she spread the mixture over her own fingers. "Yes, she's best at potions and charms, but she's especially skilled in the healing arts. More out of necessity than anything else, but she does love it. She's a gentle soul, my Andy." Bellatrix smiled softly as she thought of her sister. "Once, when we were small, long before we came to Hogwarts, Andy and I came across a bird in our mother's garden. It was a tiny thing, but it had fallen and broken its wing. Our father keeps hunting dogs at our estate so it was a wonder the little thing hadn't been killed already. But Andy, she was bound and determined to save that bird. She cried and cried until I agreed to help her smuggle it in. So I wrapped it in my scarf and we ran back to the house and hid it under my bed. Merlin, Andy loved that little bird, called it Nymph. We got one of the house elves to help us fix the wing, but Andy couldn't let it go, she didn't want to release her back to the wild." Hermione worked to spread the healing salve over the entirety of the black mark. "So what happened to the bird?" She glanced up to Bellatrix's dark eyes, which shuttered instantaneously. Bellatrix swallowed hard before continuing. "Our mother found the bird, Cissy was still a baby so Mother had little time for us. She gave the bird to my father, who was livid. He dragged me and Andy out by our ears to his kennel where he kept his hounds. He threw that little bird in the kennel with the dogs and made us watch. Andy cried and cried, but Father didn't care. She had nightmares for years after that. She's still terrified of dogs and she's going on 16 now." Bellatrix looked away from Hermione and tried to subtly wipe a tear away from her cheeks. "Sorry, I shouldn't be telling you all this." Hermione tried to focus on her task at hand. It was hard enough to contend with a non-evil teenaged Bellatrix, but the image of a little girl trying to save a broken bird with her little sister was so contradictory to what she had known of the witch, it was enough to make her head spin. "No, no, it's fine. I mean, who could I tell that would know you now?" Hermione had a quiet chuckle at that. "There, that should feel better for now. But I think it would be best if we saw the Headmistress." "Isn't there a medi-witch here?" "Um," Hermione paused, unsure how to explain Madam Pomfrey's absence to Bellatrix. The Hogwarts Nurse was currently working out of St Mungo's to watch over all the wounded from the Battle of Hogwarts as her Hospital Wing simply didn't have the capacity to deal with the number. "She's on leave working at St Mungo's. Term let out early this year, which is why it's so empty." "I don't suppose you would tell me why." Herrmione shook her head quickly. "Not if you want to ever return to the right time." Hermione turned her back to Bellatrix to rummage through her trunk for some clothes for Bellatrix. "Here, you can borrow these." She shoved a pile of clothes at Bellatrix. She quickly turned her back on the dark haired witch to give her privacy. Hermione felt the sudden urge to reorganize the various belonging she had been keeping on her desk. "So tell me, muddy, where did you sleep last night? Have some filthy little mudblood boyfriend?" Hermione spun on her heel. "I told you not to call me that..." Hermione trailed off in an almost question as she stared at Bellatrix, who was in just a bra and her pyjama bottoms. Her chest practically spilled out of the borrowed bra and her abdomen had that definition that only came from hours on the Quidditch pitch or in Hermione's case, months on the run. Bellatrix bounced her eyebrows at Hermione in a way that must have been a family trait because Sirius had done it every time he finished a dirty joke. Hermione blinked slowly before snapping her mouth shut. "Just get dressed. And keep your prejudices to yourself, thank you very much. I'll be waiting downstairs." As she stormed downstairs, her fists curled at her sides. She wanted to punch something, probably Bellatrix. She was just so, so, so evil or something. How could somebody be so hateful and prejudiced? It was still after all these years inconceivable to Hermione to carry so much hatred for an entire sect of people. She was lost in thought when there was a cough behind her. Framed by the staircase and the sunlight streaming through the small window was Bellatrix, Hermione's clothes just fractionally too big on her. She looked so soft. Like she was actually just another teenager who was stressed by the world around her and wasn't going to become the monster Hermione knew her as. "You're staring again, mudblood." As she said it, the corner of Bellatrix's mouth ticked up as if she was just waiting for Hermione to yell at her again. "Where to? McGonagall's, I mean, the Headmaster's office?" "I thought you might like some breakfast first. I didn't think you managed to eat last night." Bellatrix's eyebrows shot up as if she barely expected any shred of kindness from Hermione. "Breakfast, breakfast would be nice." xx After a long debate with Granger over the rights of house elves as they ate breakfast in the kitchen, Bella found herself facing McGonagall's desk, a silver knife on the middle of the desk. "Thank you for joining me, Miss Black, Miss Granger. After consulting with my colleagues, I believe it would be best to perform a blood test. I have procured a sample to test it against and we will be able to gauge Miss Black's place in time." Bella swallowed back the lump that had formed in her throat. She had never much liked blood, something she always found painfully ironic given how she had grown up. "How much blood?" "Just a drop or two. Miss Granger, I will need your assistance for this." McGonagall motioned to the knife on the table. She set a thimble sized jar down next to it, about half full of dark blood. Bella was drawn to it. This was her blood, but her blood in the future. If she was right and she was dead by now, that raised the question of how McGonagall got it in such short notice. She hadn't exactly taken McGonagall as a grave robber, but a lot could happen in thirty years. She had been so distracted by the vial of blood that she almost missed the silent argument happening between the other two witches. Granger was pointedly refusing to touch the knife while McGonagall's lips formed that thin line that never ended well. "Miss Granger, under normal circumstances, I would not ask such a thing of you, but given our situation, it is a necessary evil." "What, muddy, are you a pacificist or something?" drawled Bella, mainly as a distraction from the nausea slowly building at the thought of anyone taking her blood. "Further proof, I suppose, of the superiority of purebloods over-" A flurry of movement and sound interrupted the rest of Bella's comment. "That is quite enough, Miss Black!" Granger grabbed Bella's left wrist forcefully, pulling her to her feet. She gingerly picked up the blade, her eyes seeking out Bella's. Bella bit the inside of her cheek to stop the wave of fear and nausea as Granger rested the knife over her palm. She must have been unsuccessful as a flash of pity appeared in Granger's bright eyes. Bella forced herself to watch the proceedings, her gaze fixed on the contrast of her paler skin to the tanner fingers wrapped around her wrist. Granger's sleeve had ridden up a bit, the letters o d visible. When Granger noticed what she was looking at, she shook her arm so the sleeve covered the slur once more. "Miss Granger." McGonagall nodded to the witch, her wand fixed on the little vial of blood. Granger drew the blade across her palm, a bright line of blood appearing instantly. She maneuvered Bella's hand until a few drops of blood fell into the vial. As soon as it was done, Granger pushed here away, leaving Bellatrix to cradle her hand and attempt not to get blood on the borrowed sweater. But the cut on her hand was of little concern as she watched McGonagall tapped the vial three times and murmured, "Sanguinis veritatem." The vial turned from dark red to green to gold, before turning pitch black. Bella searched McGonagall's face for any indication of what the colors meant. From over the older witch's shoulder, she could see the portraits of former headmasters straining to see. "Black, that must be good for me, right?" Bella asked, ignoring the somewhat hysterical note to her voice. "Professor, what does that mean?" "To put it simply, you are the same person." "Yes, I understand that, that was never in doubt. Please, what does that mean for my returning to 1968? I've already been away for too long." Granger gasped, her hand flying up to cover her mouth. "No, you can't mean…" She twisted to stare at Bella who looked increasingly more perplexed. "But Professor, isn't that impossible? To rise from the dead?" "Rise from the dead?" Bella's voice cracked as a touch of madness slipped in. "What are you two on about?" "I believe what my venerable successor and Miss Granger are attempting to say, Miss Black," began Dumbledore's portrait form over McGonagall's shoulder, apparently now awake after the ritual, "is that you died in 1998, but by some miracle of death, you have returned from the dead, but not as you were when you died, but rather as you were in 1968. It would seem that somebody thinks you deserve a second chance." "A second chance from what? How did I die?" Bella was quickly reaching hysterical levels. "The last thing I remember is a Quidditch match for Merlin's sake! In 1968! I don't want to be here!" "Miss Black, Bellatrix, please calm down!" McGonagall cried as sparks of magic flew from Bella's fingertips. "Calm down! Why should I calm down when you've just told me I've been stolen away from 1968 because I died in 1998." "Not so much stolen, I would say, as duplicated. Obviously, Minerva and Miss Granger know you in 1998, so you clearly existed and lived your life to its course. It is merely this form and this moment in time that Death has chosen for you to attempt again. Do you remember anything from before you woke yesterday morning?" "Yes!" shouted Bella, "I remember a bleeding Quidditch match!" Dumbledore did manage a chuckle at this, although the other pair of witches were far less amused. "No, my dear, perhaps from your fainting spell, do you remember anything occuring while you were unconscious?" Bella sank back against the chair, a pounding behind her eyes. She pressed her fingers to her temples. "Something about… something about a scar on the world, that I… that I need to repair?" "You have done a fair bit of damage," mumbled Granger partially under her breath. "It would seem, Miss Black, that you have been given a chance to repair what you have done in your lifetime." McGonagall said as if speaking to a small child in the midst of a tantrum. "This is a great opportunity you have been given." "I didn't ask for this!" "Perhaps not in 1968, but you may have in 1998," McGonagall explained, watching Bella as if she expected her to implode at the drop of a hat. "I know this must be difficult, but you have already lived out your life and you have been given a second chance, a chance to fix things, things you may not even remember, but a chance nonetheless." Bella couldn't help but wonder what she had done that was so terrible to warrant this. She figured it must have been bad enough that the two witches instantly knew who she was. What could be so evil that it requires reincarnation? "If I might make a suggestion, Minerva, I would advise fetching Mrs. Malfoy and Mrs. Tonks." Bella's head snapped towards the portrait. It was no leap of intelligence to figure out who Mrs. Malfoy was, but Tonks, the name sounded vaguely familiar, as if she had heard it in passing once before, but could not place it. Whoever this Mrs. Tonks was, they weren't a pure blood. Perhaps it was some sort of Ministry official. There must be paperwork involved with rising from the dead. However, McGonagall looked absolutely incensed, as if smoke were poised to spew from her nostrils. "Absolutely not, Albus! I will not fetch her, not on the day of the Lupin's funeral!" Dumbledore's smile faltered, the ever present glitter disappearing. Bella glanced towards Granger, hoping she could clarify what had happened, but the other girl just looked like she might be sick or maybe even cry. "Who are you talking about?" Bella blurted out, her curiosity getting the better of her. "We will discuss this later, Bellatrix. I would advise that you and Miss Granger return to Gryffindor Tower at once. Miss Granger, I have arranged a portkey for us to leave at 2 o'clock." McGonagall spoke stiffly, but Bella could swear she could see a tear in the corner of her eye. Bella paused, almost wanting to argue the point further, but deciding against it. Already it seemed as if neither witch here was on her side and it seemed a waste to push them too far over something as trivial as a name. At least push McGonagall too far. She was far less concerned with Granger. Once they were well away from the Headmistress's office, Bellatrix asked, "Who are the Lupins?" "Friends of mine that died." "How did they die?" "Leave it alone." A wiser witch might have left well enough alone had they heard that tone, but Bellatrix had never claimed to be wise. Many other things, but not necessarily wise. "I'm just trying to find out what's happening. Muddy, c'mon, I have just been vaulted 30 years in the future and apparently the two people who the old man thinks could help me, one of which is my baby sister, who's now decades older than me, and I can't see them because of somebody's name that I've never even heard of. Just tell me who they are." Bellatrix reach out and caught Granger's sleeve, halting her progress down the hall. Granger spun around, forcing Bella against a nearby wall. She jammed her wand under the other girl's chin, not unlike how Bellatrix had once done to her. "I said leave it alone. Not everything revolves around you. You have just made everything infinitely more complicated. You should've stayed dead, you psycho." Bella visibly gulped, her dark eyes fixed on Granger's amber ones. Bella blinked up at Granger, aware of a handful of things. One: Granger smelled like jasmine and fresh parchment. Two: Her body didn't hate the feeling of Granger's body pressed against hers even if the rest of her did. And three: she was so utterly beyond overwhelmed and terrified. She now at least knew Cissy was alive and had a son. But she had no clue where Andy was and it felt wrong. Since Andy had been born, the two eldest Black girl had rarely been apart, except for Bella's first two years at Hogwarts. She didn't want to be a child, but she so desperately wanted her sister there, the only one who knew how to deal with her moods and comfort her and patch up her wounds. As Bella remained pliant under Granger, waiting for the other girl to move, she was surprised to see the disgust in the amber eyes. Granger shoved away from her, neatly catching Bella's bad side with an elbow. Bella hunched over a bit, coughing. "Message received, muddy, loud and clear."
