The Messer Chronicles This Most Auspicious Meeting Life is partly what we make it, and partly what it is made by the friends we choose ~Tennessee Williams Prologue That Fateful Night When darkness turns to light It ends tonight It ends tonight ~All American Rejects, It Ends Tonight He sat in his favourite chair in the cozy sitting room, occasionally glancing out the front window at the world outside. He'd never really been a part of that world, even though he'd grown up less than a ten-minute walk from his current spot. The world outside was one that occasionally celebrated magic, as was the case on that particular night, but didn't truly believe in it. His world was magic. Growing up, he would never have changed his position, firmly rooted in the magical world, for the muggle one. His world had always seemed more privileged and exceptional, filled with the ease and wonder of wizardry. However, the closer he got to adulthood, the more he realized how wrong his image of the differences of the two worlds was. Now, twenty-one years old, and encompassed entirely in a brutal war, James Potter wished he could switch worlds, would give anything to be a carefree muggle. That night, the inhabitants of muggle England were in the midst of celebrating the joyous and magical holiday that was All Hallows Eve. No one outside his window had an obvious care in the world. Passed his window, James watched muggle children dressed in costumes excitedly gathering sweets and treats from the houses throughout the small village of Godric's Hollow. Despite the sizeable magical population that lived in and around the birthplace of legendary wizard Godric Gryffindor, the children were still able to acquire a fair amount of candy. They weren't worried about a war, or dark genocidal wizards. They weren't in fear for their lives, or unsure of who they could trust or who they couldn't. They were comparatively worry-free. And James wanted nothing more than to be them. In that moment, it was the muggle children's innocence and joy that James wished he and his young family could experience. That wasn't to say that the Potters weren't happy and very much in love with each other, but the fact that the most powerful villainous wizard of the day had put James' infant son on his hit-list hung over the trio, ominously and oppressively. It was hard to be truly joyful when you feared for your son's life. "Look, Harry. Daddy's deep in thought again. Most likely brooding over the fact that he's stuck in the house with no fun us. We're just not as interesting as the Marauders, Harry. We'll just have to accept it." Lily's cheery voice echoed through the silence of the night. She carefully picked her way across the carpeted floor, strewn with Harry's young toddler toys. James turned from the window to watch the two people he loved most in the world. "Don't listen to your mum, Harry. If she'd only agree to go along with my jokes on Ms. Bagshot, I'd think she was the funniest person in the whole world. It's her fault, really." For his part, Harry seemed to pay his playfully bantering parents no heed; instead, he was intently focused on squirming out of Lily's arms and getting to the toys on the ground. Lily rolled her eyes at the pudgy child in her arms before depositing him in James' lap. "I've got a little cleaning up to do. Will you mind your son for a moment?" She kissed Harry on the top of his head and leaned in quickly to kiss her husband. She then turned to the small living room with an appraising look. After fishing her wand out of the pocket of her robes, she swished it through the air and sent the toys flying. They landed neatly in the colourful buckets that lined one of the walls. Having temporarily tidied the living room, Lily disappeared into the kitchen to continue cleaning. James, with Harry nestled safely on his lap, turned back to the window. "You see the children out there, Harry?" he asked, motioning out into the night, "They're celebrating Halloween, the most magical of holidays. Muggles dress up in costumes and collect candy from their neighbours. Yes, it does sound like an excellent celebration. Why yes, I do wish I could go out there with you and join in the festivities. It is such a nice night, after all." James continued on having a one-sided conversation with his infant son, explaining the wonders of the muggle world and their traditions around Halloween. He quickly became so wrapped up in it that he failed to notice the slow disappearance of children from the street. He was so focused on telling tales to his young son that he didn't notice the sky darkening to an almost black or the fog beginning to roll in. It wasn't until a black, shadow-like figure passed in front of the window that James finally tore his attention from his son and looked back out the window. That's when he saw it. A lone, hooded figure, much too tall to be a child out Trick-or-Treating, was slowly making his way towards the house. Instantly, James was on edge. The figure seemed to exude foreboding and a chill ran up his spine. For a few seconds, James was rooted in place, waiting to see what the figure would do next. He was pretty sure he was being paranoid. His house was invisible except to those who had been told about it by their secret keeper. Peter would not have told anyone about it; James believed whole-heartedly in his friends. Still, the figure seemed to be looking right at James' front door. Out of an abundance of caution, James stood and began searching for his wand. Almost as soon as he remembered he'd left it upstairs in the bedroom, feeling no need to have it close in his own home, the figure lifted his arm. James saw the thin, stick-like object protruding from beneath the long sleeve of the figure's cloak and knew. He knew that his worst nightmare was coming true. "Lily!" James called, panic rising in his voice. Lily obviously heard it because she apparated to his side. He thrust his young son into her arms. "Lily take Harry and go! It's him. Go! Run! I'll hold him off! Go!" Lily stood still for a beat, looking at James' wandless hands. "Go!" he urged one final time. This time, she relented and, clutching Harry tight to her chest, disappeared deeper into the house. As her dark red hair slipped behind the wall, a curse hit the front door, causing the house to shake. Not sure what he would do, but knowing he had to do something, James steeled himself. The next few seconds passed in a blur. The door burst open. The figure entered and lowered its hood. A face, barely human, sneered at him. Then finally, a flash of green and everything faded to black.
Chapter One Yer a Wizard The joy of life is made up of obscure and seemingly mundane victories that gives us our own small satisfactions ~Billy Joel Sunlight filtered through the window and onto the bed. Sheets and blankets were strewn across the surface, signs of a fitful sleep. A young boy lay on his stomach, arms and legs akimbo, taking up all of the space. His eyes were closed and, despite the spread-eagle pose he was currently in, the boy looked peaceful, still in the grasp of sleep. His hair was a mess of brown, sticking up in every which direction, though that was normal for him. His appendages were thin, but not skinny, and he was of average height. Slowly, as if at some unheard noise, the boy's eyes fluttered open, revealing pools of light brown brimming with mischievousness and curiosity. With a slightly ungainly stretch, James Potter sat up on his bed and took in his surroundings. His room was a typical room of a ten-year-old wizard boy. His walls were covered with Quidditch posters, his favourite team Puddlemere United making up the majority, but also joined by broom advertisements, and moving images of the various players on the team. His floor was covered with detritus, crumpled parchment, broken quills, and even some bristles from his broom that he'd spent the previous day mending and detailing. With another, more coordinated stretch, James stood up from his bed and began carefully picking his way across his dirty floor to the door. He could smell the saliva-inducing scent of eggs, bacon, and toast being lovingly prepared for him by his mother in their large kitchen on the floor below. He takes a deep inhale before hurriedly making his way down the hallway, the stairs and into the kitchen. "It smells delicious, Mum. Is it ready?" James asked, coming to an abrupt stop on the other side of a large island. It was covered with several serving dishes, some containing large piles of food but others empty. There is a large pile of scrambled eggs on one plate. Beside it is a plate of bacon and breakfast sausages. Several plates contain various fruits, melons and grapes and apples and bananas. James inhales the delicious array of scents and, as inconspicuously as possible, reaches for the plate with bacon and sausage. His mother is busy at the stove, preparing something James cannot see, and the young Potter assumes that if he moves quickly and quietly enough, he can sneak a piece or two of bacon off the large plate without his mother noticing. "You'll ruin your breakfast, Jamie. I am still cooking the pancakes and if you fill up on bacon and sausages you won't have any room for them!" his mother sing-songed, her tone light but mixed in with a false warning tone. She didn't even turn around as she spoke, not once looking in the direction of her son. Not for the first time in his life, James wondered how his mother managed to do that. To know what he was doing without looking at him. Finally, James' mother, Euphemia Potter, turned around slowly. She was of average height and had a curvy shape. Her face was heart shaped and framed by grey hair that James knew had once deep a dark chestnut brown. She had shimmering green-blue eyes, the same colour of a slightly stormy ocean, which were extremely expressive. James could always tell what his mother was thinking just by looking at her eyes. She smiled down at her son, her face lighting up as she did. James wasn't sure he'd ever seen his mother without a smile; she seemed to be perpetually happy and without a care in the world. "Your father is in the dining room. Why don't you go join him and I'll bring all this food out when it is ready?" Euphemia phrased her words as if they were a request, but James knew that if he didn't follow them, it would not be appreciated. James returned his mother's smile before slipping out of the kitchen and towards the dining room. As he did so, the Potter's house elf, Strinkly, squeezed past him into the kitchen. Strinkly looked up at James before she joined Euphemia at the kitchen counter and began aiding in the breakfast preparations. The messy haired boy continued through the door and into the elegant dining room. Sitting at the head of the long table that dominated the room was a man of very similar appearance to the young James Potter, just more aged. The man at the table, Fleamont Potter, had the same brown eyes and perpetually messy hair, though like James' mother, it was light grey instead of the brown it had been previously. Fleamont's face, similar to his wife's, was wrinkled with age, but also with the stress of having owned his own business for several decades. "Morning, Jamie," Fleamont greeted his young son as the boy made his way down the table towards his father. His father's nose was buried deep in a newspaper, as was usual first thing in the morning. Fleamont always wanted to know the goings on in the wizarding world, but he mostly read the paper for the business section. On the few pages the Daily Prophet devoted to the wizarding industries, Fleamont Potter could keep track of the various Potter dealings. Fleamont himself was responsible for the Sleekazy hair potion, which he had sold some years ago and only had a small financial interest. However, the Potter family was an ancient and noble family and they had their hands in multiple business endeavours in the wizarding economy. Fleamont made sure to keep up with all of them on a daily basis. James enjoyed knowing that he was a member of an ancient wizarding family. He was an only child having been born late in his parents' life, long after they'd thought it would be possible to have children and after the two Potters had tried to expand their family for decades. Being a part of an old wizarding family made James feel like he had a large family, with branches expanding outward to infinite points. The family he had now was small, just him, his parents, and their ever-present house elf; the idea of an extended family was a very welcoming thought indeed. "How did Puddlemere do last night? I wish I could have stayed up to listen to the game," James asked his father as the youngest Potter took a seat at the table. He tried to give his father a puppy dog look, trying to make the older man feel a little bit bad about imposing James' bed time despite the fact that their favourite Quidditch team was playing an evening game that would be broadcast on the wireless. "They won, but it was a long game. I don't think Franklin caught the snitch until almost three hours into play. You would have fallen asleep before the end of the game anyway," Fleamont responded, not succumbing to James' attempted guilt trip. As an only child, James Potter was definitely spoiled. He was doted on and loved immensely. He usually got the things he wanted, new brooms, new potions sets, new games, a new owl. In spite of that, of maybe because of it, James could never make his parents feel guilty on the few occasions when they denied him something. They'd already given him so much, so they didn't have to feel bad when they didn't give him everything. "You don't know that," James grumbled under his breath as the house elf brought out a cup of juice and a plate filled with the delicious food his mother had been making. "Thanks, Strinkly," James responded, inclining his head to the small creature. James couldn't remember a time in his life when the house elf hadn't been an ever-present part of the Potter household, more his mum's assistant than a slave or house keeper like other households James had been in. His mother did most of the work around the house and Strinkly pitched in, helping her with larger tasks or to get things done quicker. James tucked into the meal, quickly shovelling food into his mouth. His father, at the end of the table, took small, careful spoon and forkfuls, a little distracted in his eating by the stories in the paper he was reading. Fleamont always ate breakfast like this, with small bites taken in between periods. Eventually, his mother joined them as well, carrying her own plate laden with food. "What are your plans for today," Euphemia asked her two boys, a warm, loving smile on her face. James turned to look at his father. Unlike some other fathers, James' didn't have to run off to work. It was one benefit of a wealthy, older, already retired father. The two could spend a lot of time together, bonding and sharing interests. "Well, I was thinking that Jamie and I would spend some time working on his Quidditch skills. Before he knows it, he'll be at Hogwarts trying out for the Gryffindor Quidditch team. How does that sound, Jamie?" Fleamont asked, slowly lowering his paper to give his son an appraising look. James just beamed at his father. James was under no illusions that his life was idyllic; that he was spoiled and pampered and wanted for nothing. His parents loved him, gave him the world. He was their little miracle, the child they never thought they would have. They treated him like that miracle as a result. On top of that, the Potter family was prestigious, wealthy, ancient, noble. He was treated differently by others he met, almost like wizarding royalty. He definitely had a charmed life and he wouldn't give it up for anything. At that moment, his charmed life was leading to him zooming around the vast gardens of the Potter family estate. He had to be careful not to fly to high, lest the muggle families that lived nearby spot him on his broom. He loved living just outside Godric's Hallow because it was a magical village, with lots of magical families living reasonably nearby, but it also provided him with contact with muggles, something a lot of wizarding children did not have the opportunity. His broom was top of the line, the most expensive one money could buy. It was fast, though James had never raced it against anyone, so he wasn't sure if it was fastest broom on the market. It was agile and could easily move, change direction, and perform some tricky moves. Currently, James was just flying laps, trying to go as fast as he could and avoid hitting the various trees, bushes, and other things that decorated the gardens. "You're turning a little too sharply. You might fall off or head off in the wrong direction," Fleamont commented as James flew by the back porch of the house. "Try slowing down just a little. It will help you over all." James nodded at his father, making a note to take the advice. This was one of James' favourite things to do. His father had played Quidditch, not professionally but at school, and had some great insight into what James needed in order to improve. The two of them could spend hours out in the back garden working on Quidditch moves, maintaining James' brooms, or discussing the match they had either attended or listened to on the wireless the night before. James took another lap, slowing down just a little before he made a turn to keep it from being too sharp ad sudden. He wasn't sure if it helped with his speed, but he definitely felt more in control of his broom. When he got back to his father, he dismounted his broom, looking expectantly up at the older man. "Much better," Fleamont commented, smiling warmly down at his son. James was about to remount his broom and try again when a light pop alerted the two men to an apparition. Standing only a few feet away, where she hadn't been before, was the Potter's house elf Strinkly. "Mrs. Potter says that lunch is served. She has also asked that Master James clean up his room this afternoon. It is getting a little messy and she has threated to allow me to throw away whatever is on the floor." The elf smiled warmly up at the two. Strinkly had an odd obsession with throwing away things that were on the floor, even if they weren't garbage. She was always confused when James was upset that something, he had left on the ground went missing; Strinkly assumed that things left on the floor were unimportant and belonged in the trash. "I'll do it," James grumbled. His mother was of the belief that, even though Strinkly's role was to serve the Potters, that didn't mean she did all the jobs the Potter's didn't want to do. James had to take on some household responsibilities, especially when it came to his room. He wasn't happy about having to clean his room instead of spending the afternoon on his broom, but he would do it to make his mother happy and keep his items from the trash bin. Really, if James was being objective, his life could be a lot worse than occasionally having to clean his room and tidy up after himself. Though, he thought, it could, and would, get a lot better when he finally got his Hogwarts letter and went off to school. Not only would he get to learn magic, play Quidditch, and meet hundreds of people his own age, his mother wouldn't be there to tell him to clean up his room. Hogwarts would make an amazing life even better.
Chapter Two Owl Mail A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination, and hard work. ~Colin Powell James hurried along the hallway, his robes swishing around behind him as he moved. He was late to class, which wasn't good, but he had a very good reason. He'd left his dorm room with plenty of time to make it to his Transfiguration class but had gotten sidetracked by a very important mission. It couldn't be helped; he'd had to save the day. Hopefully, his professor would understand. Luckily, James was not alone. Rushing along aside him was his partner in crime and best friend. Together, the two of them could take on the world, and could definitely withstand whatever their angry professor could throw at them. Even though their story was a totally reasonable story and excellent reason to be late so their professor shouldn't have anything to throw. Finally, the pair burst into the classroom, about twenty minutes after they should have been there. It may have been a better idea to make a more subtle entrance, to quietly sneak in and find a seat. Then, maybe their professor wouldn't realise they were late. However, subtle James Potter was not. He didn't have a subtle bone in his body, and neither did his friend. They banged into classroom, whether they were on time or twenty minutes late. Their loud entrance, with the door banging open and then shut, ground the class to a halt. Their professor, who had been up at the front of the room, lecturing about some property of transfiguration or the other, stopped mid-sentence and leveled the two tardy boys with a less than impressed glare. Everyone in the class turned and stared, wondering what, or who, had caused the commotion. "Mr. Potter," the professor said. That was it, just his name. Not his friend's name. not a question about why he was late or where he had been. "Mr. Potter," the professor said again. This time, though, the voice was higher-pitched, almost squeaky. "Mr. Potter! It is time to wake up!" the professor's voice turned fully into the high, squeaky voice of his family's house elf. It was accompanied by a light shaking that finally dragged James' consciousness from his dream to reality. Slowly, and a little sadly, James rolled over to face the small creature. "What time is it?" James mumbled, rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. He was not really a morning person, but this morning seemed much earlier than he normally woke up, and therefore it was much more difficult to function at that moment. "Almost nine o'clock, Mr. Potter. Your mother was worried you'd sleep through breakfast, so she sent me to come and get you. You must hurry downstairs or it may be cold," the small house elf squeaked before backing out of James' room. Strinkly didn't wait to see whether or not James actually got out of bed. She obviously had more important things that required more of her attention than making sure James woke up and got to breakfast. With a tired, slightly exasperated groan, James pulled himself out of bed. For a brief second, he thought about getting dressed, changing out of his pyjamas so he wouldn't have to come back upstairs after breakfast and could instead head straight out to his backyard improvised Quidditch pitch. However, if Strinkly, and by extension his mother, was so concerned that he would miss a warm breakfast that he had been woken up, he might not have time to change. Deciding that breakfast was more important than a slight delay in Quidditch practicing, James hurried out of his bedroom and down to the large dining room. His father, almost a permanent fixture at the table during meals, was not sitting at the head of the table. James hadn't thought he'd slept that long, Strinkly had said it was only nine o'clock. That wasn't that late. And yet, James had apparently missed breakfast entirely. There was a plate left in James' usual spot on the table, filled with delicious smelling food and kept under a faint warming spell. Overcome by the delicious smell of the food, James quickly took his usual spot and dug in. he shovelled food into his mouth, hungrier than he'd realised. After about five minutes, the door between the dining room and the kitchen quietly squeaked open and his mother's jovial face peaked through. "Ah good, you're up!" she chimed, waving her wand around the table to tidy it up and wipe it clean of any mess. "Yes. Sorry. I didn't realise I'd overslept," James apologized, a little sheepishly. "I was having a really good dream about the adventures I will be having once I get to Hogwarts. I must have gotten so wrapped up in it." James then continued to shovel his food into his mouth. "Well, you'll have to be better at waking up on time once you get to school, Jamie. There won't be anyone around, except maybe your dormmates, to wake you up if you oversleep. And if you're late there, you'll miss more than a warm breakfast. You could be late for class and your professor will definitely not like that sort of behaviour. I remember I was almost late for class once because I was helping a lost first year and Professor Dumbledore, who was one of the most caring professors and is now headmaster, almost took house points away from me. So, you best be on your best behaviour." Euphemia levelled her son with a look that was meant to convey to James just how serious she was. James definitely got it. When his mother gave him that look, her jovial, caring, matronly look disappeared, and James became a little terrified of the consequences of defying his mother. He quickly nodded his agreement to his mother and, having finished his breakfast, stood and took his plate into the kitchen. Normally, he would have left his plate for his mother or Strinkly the house elf to clean up, but that look had him doing everything he could to make sure his mother was happy with him. He then hurried up the stairs to his room, changed into simple pants and a shirt, and headed out into the Potter's backyard to practice Quidditch. It had been quite some time, over fifty years or so, since a first year had made it on to their house Quidditch team, but James was sure that if he practiced enough, he could be the one to break that streak. The wind whipped through his hair as he raced high above the ground, the quaffle secured under his arm. Quickly, as if it was second nature, required no forethought and very little movement and effort, he dodged a Slytherin chaser and a bludger aimed at his head almost simultaneously. He urged his broom faster and, within seconds, he was away from the rest of the pack, both Slytherin and Gryffindor players far behind him. It was only him and the nervous looking Slytherin keeper. It was almost as if the other boy knew he was no match for the superior skill of James Potter. With only a little effort, James sent the quaffle flying passed the keeper and into the goal post. The crowd erupted as the announcer's voice boomed over the crowd, letting them know that it was James' 100 point and that he had almost single-handedly put his team up 140 to 0. "The crowd is going wild! James Potter is an unstoppable force! Gryffindor won the lottery when he was sorted into their house!" A chuckle sounded from off to James' right and he carefully turned on his broom to see his father standing on the back porch. "Is that so. I'm glad my son is such an amazing Quidditch star, but I think it is a little harder when you're actually playing against another team." James' scowled at his father, having ruined his fantasy about being the star of the Gryffindor Quidditch team. In reality, he had been flying around the grounds of his family's manor house, imaging the crowds, the teammates, and the opponents. "Well, it will all be true! Just you wait! When I get to Hogwarts, it will all become true." James then flew off into a further off corner so that he could continue on with his fantasy. James had been having dreams and daydreams of Hogwarts adventures more and more often as the summer months had passed on. Soon, at the midsummer mark, his Hogwarts letter would be arriving, his confirmation of his attendance at the prestigious wizarding school. James had been awaiting his time at Hogwarts since he was old enough to know what it was. His father's and mother's stories had filled his ears since he was a baby and he couldn't wait to have his own stories, his own adventures. For James, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry offered the endless potential for things to happen. He had an idyllic life with his parents, but it was a little boring. Rarely did exciting things happen to him in sleepy Godric's Hallow. But Hogwarts was a bigger, more magical place. He would be learning new spells that he could use to battle enemies and save the innocent from evil. He would make friends his own age that he could goof around with and help him battle those enemies and save those innocent people from evil. He couldn't wait for it all to start. Until he got his letter though, he was left with nothing more than his own imaginings to keep him going. "You seem to have some very interesting ideas about what you'll get up to at Hogwarts, Jamie," his father, Fleamont mused one evening over dinner. There was only about a day or two until his mother figured his Hogwarts letter would arrive and James' imagination was in over drive. That afternoon his father had found him with a stick from a tree in a grove behind the house; he was using it as a wand and was in the middle of battling a great enemy. The enemy didn't have a name or a description really, but it wasn't a student. James, as an eleven-year-old inexperienced wizard was going up against a fully grown, fully trained wizard. At the time, James' father had simply chuckled at the grandeur with which James envisioned his future at Hogwarts. Now, apparently, his father wanted to discuss it. James simply nodded at his father and forced down the large mouthful of food he had shoved in only moments before. "Hogwarts is a place of grand adventures. That's what I'm imaging my time will be," he stated simply once he'd swallowed his food. "I don't remember my time at Hogwarts ever involving an intense duel with a wizard way out of my league. That's an interesting thing to be imaging happening. Not to mention being a star Quidditch player in your first year, almost single-handedly winning a game for Gryffindor. You are a good Quidditch player, and you practice more than anyone else, but that's a bit of a stretch of the imagination." James frowned at his father. He knew he wasn't trying to be cruel, but the elder Potter was doing an excellent job at dashing James' dreams. Fleamont was a very practical man; he didn't believe in getting your hopes up too high, believing in extremely unlikely things because they would most likely not come true. If James was too grandiose in his imaginings, and then his experience at Hogwarts was more on the average side, it could be devastating for the young boy who was so used to getting his own way. James knew that was what his father was doing, he'd said as much the other day when he'd caught James' pretending to hold court of seventh years who had turned to the first year for advice on how to pass their N.E.W.T.s, but that didn't mean it hurt any less. Just then, a squawking noise sounded from the Potters' sitting room ad drew everyone's attention away from the conversation at hand and toward the source of the noise. James, having a pretty good idea of what had caused the noise, bolted from the table and rushed to the sitting room. Resting atop James' father's favourite wing chair was a brown owl. It looked a little haughty, like it had been entrusted with an extremely important mission and it had just accomplished it in excellent fashion. On the table beside the chair, and in between the open window and the owl's current perch, was a small letter. James rushed over to the table, his limbs going slightly akimbo in his awkward rush. His uncontrolled motions startled the owl and sent it soaring back out the window. James momentarily wondered why it had stayed in the first place -perhaps it had been expecting a treat for having completed it's task admirably. However, that was no more than a fleeting thought before his attention was brought back to the letter the owl had delivered. Scrawled in elegant script across the front was him name, James Potter, and the address of the Potter Manor just outside Godric's Hallow. The letter was for him. James' heart began to beat faster as anticipation and excitement overtook him. His hands shook slightly as he turned the letter over and saw the wax seal that held the contents firmly within the envelope. Pressed into the wax was the Hogwarts crest. This was it. It had finally arrived. James' Hogwarts letter was here. His adventure was finally beginning. Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sor. Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Mr. Potter, We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term beings on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours Sincerely, Cornelius Greensleigh Deputy Headmaster
Chapter Three Out on the Town Veni, Vidi, Visa ~Unknown The day had finally arrived. James and his parents would finally be making the traditional first-year shopping trip to Diagon Alley. If a witch or wizard in England was going to Hogwarts, at any year really, but especially for their first year, a trip to Diagon Alley was necessary. There were small shops that sold the items needed by first year witches and wizards throughout England. But these were often one offs, tucked away in small corners away from other magical retailers to minimize the chance that a curious and over-observant muggle noticed them. Diagon Alley was the largest magical shopping area, a veritable one-stop-shop for whatever a young witch or wizard needed. James had been to Diagon Alley. Countless times before he'd walked through the buildings with their magical wares. He grew up in the magical world and his mother made a trip to the shopping district at least once a month to gather whatever magical sundries she needed to run a house. If there was a party or function to be held, James might even be treated to a second trip. He loved going to Diagon Alley because it was a prime opportunity for him to interact with other wizards that were around his age, or at least younger than his parents' friends. Despite living just outside a wizarding village, James had minimal interactions with any of the magical denizens that resided within Godric's Hallow. Diagon Alley was really the only chance he had. But this trip would be far more special than any other trip he had ever made. Sure, he would still get to interact with witches and wizards, but on top of that he would be travelling to Diagon Alley to shop for his first year at Hogwarts. If getting his acceptance letter was the nudge in the right direction on his grand journey, going to Diagon Alley was the first official step. He was finally starting off on this adventure and that made this trip so extra special. As a result, James was absolutely giddy as the Potters finished up breakfast on the warm, sunny August day and prepared to leave for Diagon Alley. "I'll take James with me. We'll plan to meet just outside Flourish and Blotts. That'll be our first stop? Sound good?" Euphemia asked as she waved her wand to remove the dirty dishes. The easiest way to travel from Godric's Hallow to Diagon Alley was by apparition, as it required the least forethought in order to leave on a trip. Both Floo powder and a portkey required ministry permission and planning to be put into place. However, James was not old enough to apparate, hadn't learned the magical theory behind it, and would have to side-along apparate. "Excellent! Well, shall we?" Fleamont asked, raising from his seat at the head of the table. James, who was actually bouncing in his seat, shot up. He, with some effort, tried to contain his enthusiasm as he walked over to his mother and grabbed her outstretched hand. Almost as soon as his fingers closed around hers, a fairly intense suffocating sensation overtook him. If a muggle were to ask James what apparition felt like, he would say that it felt like you were being squeezed extremely tightly, like space was trying to hinder your progress. Only brief, though they didn't feel brief, seconds later, the pressure let up. Space relented. James and his mother appeared, between moments, in front of the wizarding bookstore, Flourish and Blotts. Seconds after their appearance, James' father materialised to their right. "What's on the list?" Fleamont asked, removing his glasses to wipe them with a cloth he retrieved from his pocket. James always found this habit strange as apparition didn't seem to dirty his own glasses and yet, every time his father apparated, he cleaned his glasses afterwards. "He needs: The Standard Book of Spells, Level One , by Miranda Goshawk, A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot-" Harry's mother continued on reading off a list she had stashed away in one of her many pockets. James, however, wasn't interested in the long list of textbooks he would need. He was interested in, and excited about, what he would be learning, and the mere fact that he would finally formally be learning magic; what he wasn't interested in was the books he would use to do so. That wasn't as interesting as purchasing his first wand or gathering potion supplies. Books and reading about magic were not adventurous. Less than enthusiastically, James followed his parents into the bookstore, lagging behind slightly as his mother expertly wound her way among the stacks and displays of books, locating each volume on her list quickly and efficiently. A small part of James' mind wondered if his mother was so knowledgeable about book locations because she'd been in the shop so often that it was second nature for her, or if she knew where everything was because she had traced the same path when she was a student at Hogwarts. Finally, she had a large stack of books floating along behind her thanks to a well-practiced locomotor skill. James wasn't sure he'd ever seen his mother carry anything heavier than a single dish. She was perpetually followed by various objects wherever she went, her hands free in case a need arose. 'This is going fairly quickly,' James thought, happily. 'If we can get through the rest of the list just as fast there will be plenty of time to shop at Quality Quidditch Supplies!' The Quidditch store was James' true objective, as it was with almost every trip to Diagon Alley. He could spend hours just wandering around the stacks and shelves. Hopefully, the rest of their errands, the list of items James required for his first year at Hogwarts, wouldn't take more than an hour. "Stand up straighter, dear. If you slouch, I will miss hem your robes and they will be too short. Good posture is essential for robe fitting," the, to James' ear, nasally voice of Madame Malkin sounded. She accompanied them with a whack to James' back. He yelped in surprise but did as the woman asked. "Better," the dress maker mumbled as she returned to pinning the bottoms of James' robes. She also seemed to manage to nick him with the pins quite a few times, though whether she did this on purpose, as payback for slouching, or by accident James couldn't say. "Don't worry, Jamie darling. This won't take too much longer. We'll be looking at which broom you'll use to win the Quidditch Cup for Gryffindor in no time," Fleamont Potter spoke. He was reclined in a plush armchair, a few days old paper opened before his nose. James hadn't mentioned his desire to go to the Quidditch store, but Fleamont was his father and knew him extremely well. It probably hadn't been too hard to figure out why his son's previously extremely excited mood had slowly soured as the hours of the day had passed and the list didn't seem to be reducing in size. That fact was probably, James mused to himself as Madame Malkin stuck a pin into his ankle. He bit back the swear that bubbled to the surface by continuing his internal thought. 'My sour mood was probably why father suggested we split up and he sent Mum on to the apothecary. If we can cover twice the ground in the same time, then we can get to the Quidditch store sooner.' "Nearly done, dear. Only a few more spots to pin up," Madame Malkin spoke. James' mood began to lift. Off in the distance, a bell chimed. Someone had walked into the store. The bell, acting as a call, summoned Madame Malkin away from her position at James' feet. He tried not to groan. She had just said she was almost done hemming his robes; after standing still and trying and failing to not slouch, for over an hour, just as reprieve had been offered, it had been taken away. Why, James wondered, did the universe not want him to get to the Quidditch store with any sort of time to browse before he'd have to return home? "Chin up, Jamie. There will still be plenty of time to visit the Quidditch store," Fleamont said, as if he could read his son's mind. Or maybe, James thought as he rearranged his face to smile, his father had simply read his frustration and disappointment on his face. "Besides," Fleamont continued, lowering his newspaper, "we still have to get you a wand. If we don't get to the Quidditch shop today, we do need to get you a wand. And I remember when I got my first wand. I finally felt like a true wizard; I could finally perform controlled, deliberate magic. It's quite a magical experience." Fleamont's eyes sparkled at the memory as he discussed getting a wand. James had, quite surprisingly, forgotten about getting a wand. He had come to Diagon Alley to buy books, potion supplies, clothes, and all of the other items on his list, but never a wand. He had forgotten that a wand was an important part of being a wizard; it would be a very long time, if ever, before James could perform wandless magic. A wand was a necessity. Yet, because he had been so in the frame of mind of this being just a slightly more exciting trip to Diagon Alley, his excitement had been situated on what he was normally excited about when he visited Diagon Alley. "My wand!" James vocalized, the sounds sort of escaping without him really realising, "I forgot about getting a wand." James spoke the last part louder than the first two words, but still under his breath. He felt a little foolish and didn't want his dad to realise it. "Right this way, Mrs. Black. We'll get little Sirius all ready for Hogwarts. Don't you worry," Madame Malkin's voice sounded from the front of the shop. She rounded the corner to where James and his father were still standing, a haughty woman and a long haired boy following on her heel. The haughty woman took a look around the area, her gaze penetrating and judgemental. However, she seemed to find her surroundings satisfactory and relaxed. "Fleamont," the woman said by way of greeting. James had never seen this woman before in his life, meaning she wasn't a friend of the Potters, but she obviously was an acquaintance of some kind. "Walburga. I didn't realise you had a son the same age as James." When Fleamont said his son's name, he gestured in the direction of James, standing rather awkwardly on a pedestal, hoping to have his robe pinning completed. "Yes. Sirius will be starting Hogwarts this year," the woman his father called Walburga responded curtly. She then turned her back on the Potters and found a chair about as far away from them as possible. The boy seemed to give James and his father an apologetic look at his mother's behaviour before hopping up onto the pedestal beside James. "I'm Sirius," the boy, his long hair falling into his eyes a little, spoke. "James," James responded, smiling warmly at the boy. With two customers, it seemed to take Madame Malkin an inordinate amount of time to finish pining James' robe. He wasn't sure if there would be time to go to Quality Quidditch Supplies, though that prospect didn't sting quite as much. Not now that he'd remembered he was getting a wand today. That was where he and his father had headed right after they'd left Madame Malkin's robes. Ollivander, the best wandmaker in London, had a fairly prominent shop on Diagon Alley. It wasn't particularly busy like other shops. Most people only needed one or two wands throughout their lifetimes; it wasn't like potion ingredients or books that necessitated multiple visits within even a year. However, the emptiness of the shop was very welcoming to James. This was a special moment; one he didn't particularly want to share with hordes of people. "Ah, Mr. Potter. Welcome back!" an aged voice said from behind the counter. The voice was followed shortly by an elderly looking man. James guessed he was probably around the same age as his father, though Ollivander (who James guessed the old man was) appeared much older than Fleamont. "Yes, time to get Jamie here his wand," Fleamont responded. "What an exciting time!" Ollivander spoke before turning around to face the stacks, shelfs, and piles of wands that were contained behind the shop counter. He quickly, almost instinctively pulled out three different wand boxes before turning back to face James and his father. "Now, young Master Potter, what have you heard about wands?" Ollivander asked, observing the young boy as if his answer would change his impression of the young Potter. "Dad has always said that the wand chooses the wizard. That I don't pick my wand, but I'll know when I've found the right one," James spoke. He looked up at his father as he spoke, remembering the countless times Fleamont had regaled his son with the adventure of purchasing his first wand. One wand that was a particularly bad match for the elder Potter had nearly burned down Ollivander's in its protest. "Excellent. Excellent," Ollivander murmured as he presented James with the first of the three wands. "Pear wood, quite flexible, 10 ¾" with a unicorn hair core," he explained the wand. James took it, a little reluctantly having just remembered his father's tale. As he wrapped his fingers around the wood, he didn't feel anything. He wasn't sure what he was expected to feel, but he was pretty sure he was supposed to feel something. "Give it a wave, Jamie. See what it'll do for you," Fleamont spoke, putting his hands supportively on his son's shoulders. Feeling a little more confident at the fact that nothing bad had happened immediately, James gave his wand a swish. Once again, nothing happened. James turned to Ollivander who looked neutral. "This next one," Ollivander spoke once James had discarded the pear wand, "is Alder wood, unyielding, 11 ½" with dragon heartstring." James, confident but a little bit upset at the lack of response from the first wand, eagerly grabbed the second one. As soon as he had lifted it from the box, red and green sparks began shooting out of the end. "Not that one either," Ollivander spoke, returning the wand to its box. There was only one wand left, though James was sure that if this wasn't his wand either that Ollivander had even more to choose from. "This one is quite pliable. It is made of mahogany, 11" with dragon heartstring." As soon as James' fingers closed around the wand, he felt a warm feeling within his gut. The wand rested perfectly on his palm, feeling like an extension of his being. "This is it," James spoke, his voice filled with awe. He hadn't even lifted it out of the box and yet he knew he'd found his wand. He stared down at the wand in his hand, his wand, excited that he finally had the one thing he needed to be a wizard. Hogwarts was only a few weeks away and he would be off on his adventure, wand in hand ready to practice any and all magic.
Chapter Four On to the Train The joys of parents are secret, and so are their griefs and fears; they cannot utter the one, nor will they utter the other ~Sir. Francis Bacon A clatter of activity rose from the lower levels of the house. It created a comforting hum in the background. James enjoyed the familiarity of it, even on this day where everything was about to change. Today was September 1, the day the train left, the day he officially started Hogwarts. For the past few weeks, his excitement had slowly been growing until coming to a peak the night before. Unable to sleep, James had flipped through all of his textbooks, re-read Hogwarts, A History, and practiced some simple spells. Now, he lay on his bed, fully clothed and ready for his trip into London and, eventually, onto the Scottish Highlands and Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He was listening to his mother and the family house elf move about the kitchen, preparing food. It was a phenomenon that James had woken up to every day for as long as he could remember. His mother was an absolutely amazing cook and every day James had the luxury of her home made breakfasts. A slight pang resonated through him as he realised this would be his last homemade breakfast for several months. "James?" a deep, silky voice asked from the other side of the door. "Are you almost ready, son?" The voice, which belonged to his father, had a slight catch in it. James recognized it as an excess of emotions that his father was trying to tamp down. As excited as James was to leave for Hogwarts, he could tell his parents were saddened. He was an only child, and absolutely spoiled by his older parents as a result. He was a major part of his parents' lives and his leaving would surely leave a large hole. He felt another pang. "Ready, father," James called out as he sprang up off his bed. Despite leaving his parents, and his mother's cooking, James was ready and excited to be leaving for school. He bubbled with the anticipation of learning spells, jinxes, and hexes, of learning how to brew potions and read the stars. He anxiously awaited being sorted –into Gryffindor, of course- and meeting his fellow house- and dorm-mates. He would try out for the house team as soon as there was an opening. He would surround himself with friends his age. All of it was endlessly exciting. James opened the door to his bedroom to find his father. His face, obviously carefully schooled to not reveal the emotions his voice had nearly given away, was a mask of cheery joy. His eyes, though shinny with the potential of tears, still held the youth and joy that was not possessed by some men half his age. It was this youthful energy that had allowed James' father to teach him to fly and play Quidditch. It was the youthful look that his father always had in his eyes. He was obviously trying not to upset James over his sadness at the boy leaving. "All packed then?" Fleamont inquired, looking around his son into the room. For the briefest of minutes, James saw the joy in his father's eyes slip and be replaced with the sadness that James had spotted under the surface of his face. However, this time he spoke, his voice did not shake, but remained steady, even a little cheery. "In the corner," James responded before he bounded down the stairs and into the kitchen. He could tell his father was upset with his departure and trying to hide it from his son. James, not wanting to be the cause of any undo stress or pain decided to leave his father alone with his emotions. He gleefully slid into the kitchen then stopped suddenly, nearly causing himself to fall over. His sudden stop had been caused by the extraordinary sight in the large Potter kitchen. Food of all types, colours, and smells covered nearly every available surface. It appeared that his mother and the family house elf, Strinkly, had made all of James' favourite foods, and then some. Doing some quick calculations in his head, James figured he'd have to eat non-stop for a week before all the food was gone. "Mum!" he exclaimed, "I may be a growing boy, but you've cooked for a whole Quidditch team's worth of growing boys! How do you expect me to eat all this?" James' eyes grew wider at the sight as he moved through the kitchen and took in even more of the food. His mother appeared from the door off to the right, which led to the pantry. James suspected that the once full room was now very sparse, most of its food contents having gone into the feast that lay before him. "You eat your fill, Jamie. Whatever is left is going to the church in town to help with those less fortunate than us." She wiped her hands on an apron adorned with Snitches and Quaffles that had been a Christmas present from James the year before. She took a moment to survey the kitchen and mirth coloured her expression right up to her ocean spray eyes. "I may have gone a little overboard," she conceded, "but it's not every day your baby boy starts his first day at Hogwarts. It'll be a while until you're home with us again and I wanted to make sure you had all your favourites so you wouldn't be missing them. Of course, if you do, a quick owl home and I'll have a care package ready for the next days post." Euphemia turned to look at her son. James had perpetually messy dark brown hair that would not lay flat no matter what spell or product his mother used. He had his father's dark brown, mischievous eyes. He was thin, though not scrawny despite the amount of food that his mother cooked for him. Now, as his mother took in the sight of him dressed for the trip into London in trousers and a collared shirt, the mirth began to fade from her eyes. Feeling awkward because of the raw emotions in his mother's eyes, James quickly focused on the mountains of food. A light nudging on the side of his leg drew his attention to the floor. Reaching to just below his hip, her large eyes wide and filling with tears, was the Potter family house elf, Strinkly. She was holding up a plate for James to take and fill. He quickly took the plate and thanked the elf. Strinkly then quickly disappeared into the pantry. James assumed the elf was crying out of sight and it made him embarrassed and more awkward. Eagerly wanting to get away from the outpouring of emotion, James began filling the plate. He then left the kitchen and headed into the formal dinning room. His father, having brought down James' trunk, was sitting at the table, a full plate of food from the kitchen in front of him. He also had a steaming cup of tea and was reading the most recent edition of the Daily Prophet. "I see you've got your fill," Mr. Potter spoke from behind his paper. James had always been astonished by his father's ability to apparently see through the newspaper or whatever else he was reading. James placed his plate down on the table and took his regular spot. He then quickly dug into his meal. After a few minutes, his mother joined the table, though she only had a cup of tea. Throughout his eleven years, James had rarely seen his mother eat with him and his father at breakfast and lunch. She would often wait until the boys had their fill and then eat her meal in the kitchen. She continued this behaviour even though there was no possibility of there not being enough food. James smiled at the consistency of his family despite the irregularity of the day. The Potter family quickly fell into their morning routine, with Mr. Potter reading and sharing the news stories with Mrs. Potter. She would then add information she had gleaned through her social circle. All the while, James would be shovelling food into his mouth and occasionally tuning in to his parents' conversations. The only difference on that particular morning compared to all the others was a near-constant clamour that resonated from the kitchen as Strinkly prepared the excess food for the small church in the muggle town just outside the Potter manor grounds. "Alright," Fleamont Potter suddenly exclaimed, folding his paper. He stood from the table and gave his wife and son a look, "Time to get going. The train will be leaving soon." Mrs. Potter nodded in agreement and stood. "Strinkly!" she called. Moments later, the elf's head poked out of the kitchen. "Would you please clean up the breakfast dishes and finish up with that food. I will take it to the church when I get back." The elf nodded, then quickly ducked back into the kitchen, tears once again filling her large eyes. Feeling the enormity of the fast approaching events, James remained seated for a few more minutes. He pretended to be finishing up his food. In reality, he wanted to hang on to the normalcy and routine of the day for a few more minutes. He was excited to start at Hogwarts, to learn all the magic he possibly could and meet amazing friends and potential partners-in-crime, but he was still hesitant about leaving the familiarity of his home. "You coming, Jamie?" his mother asked. Feeling he could no longer put it off, James stood and went to grab his mother's hand. As the dark pressure of apparation engulfed him, he took one final look at the welcoming dinning room. He was ready, he told himself, to begin this great adventure. The Potters appeared in an empty side street a few blocks from King's Cross Station in London, England. James let go of his mother's hand; he was far too old and mature to be holding it in public. He turned to look at his father, who was standing a few feet away with James' trunk. The elder Potter nodded for his son to lead the way towards the station. James eagerly headed out into the street and onto the train station. While James' parents had told him about muggles and as much of the muggle world as they knew about and understood, James had never really been in the muggle world. The village near his parents' estate, Godric's Hallow, was a wizarding village that a few muggle families had moved into; it wasn't a muggle village. Being in London, surrounded by muggles and their way of life was staggering. James found himself looking from side-to-side, trying to take it all in. A chuckle from behind him made James momentarily stop his searching and turn towards the source. His mother was walking a few steps behind him, a gleeful expression on her face. "As I've always said, Jamie, muggles are endlessly fascinating." "If you can," his father added, "you should try and take muggle studies in your third year. I found it quite the illuminating subject." James nodded, always one to follow his father's advice. After five minutes of walking, the trio arrived at King's Cross Station. It was full of people busily hurrying about, trying to get to their train on time. It was mostly a place of muggle transportation, but the wizards of Britain had built a secret platform to transport underage wizards to and from Hogwarts. James, knowing all about the magical properties of this platform, purposefully began to walk through the building. A few meters from the platform entrance, he saw a foursome, two parents and their daughters, earnestly consulting a piece of parchment. At the top, James could make out the Hogwarts seal. This, he reasoned, must be a muggle family with a magical daughter consulting instructions on how to get to the train. Feeling confident in his abilities, James strode over to the family to offer his assistance. "Hello," he spoke, his voice friendly if a little haughty, "are you trying to get onto the platform?" He kept his question fairly vague so as not to arose the family if they were not, in fact, looking for Platform 9 ¾. "You know about the magical platform?" the man asked, lowering his voice to a whisper on the words 'magical platform.' James nodded his head, a smile breaking across his face. His ability to help this obviously confused family brought him great joy. "Platform 9 ¾? Yeah, I do. I'm heading off on my first year!" The woman smiled warmly at James. "Lily is as well. It's all very exciting for us!" she spoke, patting the red-haired girl on the head. Her sister, her hair a red-ish blonde that was much lighter than the other girl, scowled. Her face looked even more pinched at the expression. "Well," James spoke, getting down to business, "the entrance to the platform is that pillar there, between 9 and 10. Just walk through it and you'll be there!" Both the man and the woman eyed the sturdy looking brick pillar with apprehension. "Thank you, son," the man spoke after several seconds, "well, Lily, Petunia, come along now." He grabbed the older blonde girl's hand, Petunia, James assumed, while his wife grabbed Lily's. Then they headed very determinedly towards the platform entrance, pushing a trolley containing a large trunk in front of them. James watched as they disappeared through the brick. "That was awfully nice of you, Jamie," his mother spoke, coming up behind him. "Now what do you say we get you onto the train and off to Hogwarts?" she offered James her hand and, despite the fact that they were in public, he gladly took it. They then also headed towards the pillar, his father close behind with the trunk and James' brand new tawny owl. The threesome disappeared through the pillar and came out to an area filled with steam. As it cleared a little, James got his first glimpse at the Hogwart's Express. His adventure was truly about to begin.
Chapter Five The Houses Divided Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in ~Robert Frost James' father levitated James' trunk up and onto the train. James stood by watching his father as his mother busily fussed over him, her eyes glassy with tears. James, also upset over his impending departure, allowed his mother to continue her ministrations without even a look of disgust. As strong as his desire was to start his adventure, to meet and interact with people his own age, he was still going to miss his parents and the life and routine he had established over the past eleven years. "Alright then," Fleamont said, quickly checking his ornate antique pocket watch. The Potters, being an old wizarding family had a lot of heirlooms. The old pocket watch his father used was definitely his favourite because it had belonged to Fleamont's great-great-great-great-grandfather. James, for his part, couldn't wait until he came of age and, as his father had promised several years prior, he would be gifted the pocket watch. "Well, it's five to eleven," Fleamont continued, "probably time for you to be heading aboard and finding a seat, James. Don't want to miss the train on your first day!" His voice was light and jokey, but, as James turned to look up at his father, he saw the same tear-filled, glassy eyes as his mother. Almost instantly, James felt tears welling up in his eyes. He quickly threw his arms around his parents, not caring about how it looked to the others on the platform. In that moment, all that mattered was that he received some comfort from his parents. He dug his head into his mother's stomach and pulled his father close to his side. After a brief moment, in which James assumed they were surprised, his parents enclosed James with their arms in a loving group hug. "I'm going to miss you guys," James mumbled, his voice unclear because of the fact that his face was buried in his mother's stomach. "We will miss you, too, Jamie," his mother responded, rubbing soothing circles onto James' back, "write to us as much as you want. There are school owls you can use. Maybe we'll even look into getting you your own owl so that you don't have to worry about borrowing one from school. We'll write back as soon and as often as we can. Now, as hard as it may be, you need to head off onto the train." At his mother's last few words, James hurriedly pulled away. His normal bravado had returned and he confidently climbed onto the train. James' eyes grew wide as he took in all the sights of the train. The small alleyway down the middle of the train was filled with loud, boisterous students. Various magical toys and items, including Fanged Frisbees and toy brooms, were being thrown around the hallway while various kinds of magical poppers and flashbangs were going off in the air. It was like a giant party on the train; students were celebrating their return to school, their ability to perform magic, their being with friends and possibly away from parents and family, and all the Quidditch games and other events they would experience and partake in. James smiled at the sight before him, imagining all that he would experience once he arrived at Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry. Instantly, all trepidation and sadness that he had felt about leaving his parents vanished and James excitedly moved forward to join in on the celebratory chaos. He wadded through the crowd, pulling his trunk along behind him. He quickly began looking for an empty or partially empty compartment to store his things so he could join in with the celebratory mood that pervaded the hallway. He found an empty compartment about halfway down the alley of the car he was in. While he was in the middle of attempting to heave his trunk onto the rack above his seat, the train whistle blew; it was about to depart. James quickly shoved the trunk onto the shelf and headed for the window. The cacophony of celebration out in the hallway had quieted down and, as James stuck his head out the window, he realised part of the reason. All along the train, students hung out of windows waving to the people left behind on the platform. James quickly located his parents and waved enthusiastically as the train began pulling away. His parents, his father's arm slung around his mother's shoulder in a comforting gesture, waved back. He didn't wait until the platform was out of sight before pulling his head back into the train. A knock had sounded only about half a minute after the train had begun departing and James pulled his head back in to address the knock. Standing at the door, wearing impeccable dress robes was a boy about his age. The boy had long, shaggy hair and dark eyes. He held himself with a slight air of superiority. James momentarily wondered if the boy was possibly a few years older than him and knew that James was only a first year. Then it hit James; he had met this boy before. It had been at Madame Malkin's, while James was getting fitted for his robes. Though, as much as he searched his mind, he couldn't for the life of him remember the other boy's name. "Can I sit in here?" they boy asked, eyeing the nearly empty compartment. James, who had been excited about meeting and interacting with people his own age, was instantly excited. "If you can find room," James joked before standing to help the other boy stow his trunk and other belongings on the rack above. The other boy, whom James had assumed came from a high-brow pureblood family based on his clothing and posture, collapsed onto a seat across from James. He spread his legs out in a comfortable manner, basically letting them go akimbo. In that moment, the boy looked the complete opposite of a high-brow individual. "I'm Sirius, by the way. This is my first year. How about you?" the boy asked. "James," he responded, "James Potter. I'm a first year as well. We've actually met before. At Madame Malkin's." James hedged, hoping that the other boy would remember him. They hadn't really interacted, but James still hoped he'd made some sort of impression on the other boy. "Right!" Sirius exclaimed. "We got fitted for robes together." As soon as he said the words, his face reddened, and he looked away from James' eyes. James thought it was strange but decided to change the subject before he lost this potential friend. "Are you excited about starting?" James sat a little forward in anticipations of the other boy's answer. "I've been waiting for this day for quite some time. Glad to be heading off to school." Sirius' voice was excited, but there was also a slight edge to it. He only briefly looked back up at James before dropping his gaze once more. James thought there might be something more to what he was saying, the reason why he was glad perhaps. However, he didn't push the other boy on the matter. "I packed a brand new deck of cards. Want to play a game?" James asked, pulling out the cards from his pocket. Sirius smiled in response and sat up. James quickly dealt cards and the game began. James loved exploding snap because if they didn't move quickly enough, the cards could explode and start small fires. It made a simple card game much more exciting. The excitement quickly began to build and, with each turn and each explosion, both boys became increasingly rowdy. A smile spread across James' face. This had been what he'd been hoping for at Hogwarts. He loved his parents, truly believed he'd had a spectacular upbringing, but he still felt as if something was missing. He was an only child, raised by elderly parents in a large country estate. His family was either much older or much younger than him. He rarely spent time in the nearby village, a result of his parents' abundant caution. He was their miracle child, the child they never thought they'd have. They ensured he was continually safe and kept close. However, all this resulted in James spending a fair amount of time alone. For years he'd desperately wanted a friend, a playmate his age to keep him company. It was with this desire that he turned his attention to his acceptance to Hogwarts, and began tirelessly anticipating that day when he would board the train, head off to school, and make the best of friends. Now, as he sat on the train as it barrelled north towards the Scottish Highlands, crazily playing exploding snap with Sirius, he felt his desire had been achieved. He may have just met Sirius only a few minutes before, but James could tell he and Sirius would be good friends. Their boisterous actions throughout the game made it clear to James. They were kindred souls, two young, outgoing boys. James may not have known much about Sirius, had felt he may be hiding things, but their similar personalities was enough for James in that moment. He looked up at the other boy and met his eyes. In that moment, James felt that Sirius was thinking similar, if not the same, things. Both had independently decided they would become friends. The moment was ended by a light, musical knock on the door. It was carefully, or perhaps hesitantly, opened and revealed a young red-haired girl standing in the doorway. Her hair fell a little past her shoulders and was held off her face with a light pink ribbon. She clutched a book to her chest, almost as a safety blanket. Her expression, though mostly her dazzling green eyes, was one of sadness and anger which James found confusing and out of place. "Can I sit here? My old compartment was too full." Despite her expression, her tone was strong and forceful. "You're the girl from the station," was all James was able to get out in response, still preoccupied with her out-of-place expression. "Yes, I'm Lily. Thank you for helping us find our way through. Now, may I sit here?" Her tone was impatient and James simply nodded in agreement that she may, indeed, join the boys in the compartment. She sat down in a seat by the window and gazed out of it, no longer acknowledging either James or Sirius. The boys turned back to each other. Sirius shrugged and then the pair returned to their rowdy game of exploding snap. James and Sirius were in the middle of an extremely enthusiastic game of exploding snap, rapidly playing cards, shouting and exclaiming as they did so. They were so wrapped up in their game that they barely recognized or paid any attention, to the entry of a skinny, long-haired boy already in his school robes. The little attention that James did pay to the boy was a result of the fact that they were barely out of London and still had several hours before they arrived at school and needed robes. However, James believed that the boy, much like himself really, was simply excited to be starting school. He then paid the boy no more attention and focused on the game. The boy sat across from the girl, Lily, and had a quite conversation. Both Sirius and James ignored the other two. Then, suddenly, the boy exclaimed, his voice filled with uncontained enthusiasm. Sirius and James left their cards alone and began to eavesdrop. "You'd better be in Slytherin," the boy spoke. James turned up his nose at the suggestion and turned to look at his companion. Sirius had stiffened slightly at the mention of Slytherin. James thought it was a slightly exaggerated reaction; James hated Slytherin too, but he didn't think the mere mention of someone wanting to be in Slytherin would make his go rigid. He filed the reaction away to discuss with Sirius at a later date, then turned to the other two. "Slytherin?" James asked, his tone surprised and filled with incredulous disbelief. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Sirius relax slightly. "Who wants to be in Slytherin? I think I'd leave, wouldn't you?" Here James turned to Sirius. The long-haired boy had returned to his at-ease lounging position. James was smiling at him, looking for enthusiastic agreement. He spoke without returning James smile, which made James a little worried about what he was going to say. "My whole family have been in Slytherin." "Blimey," James responded, without missing a beat, "and I thought you seemed all right!" James' tone was light and joking. He'd been expecting something a lot worse, like Sirius revealing that he wanted to be in Slytherin himself. The fact that Sirius' lineage was so firmly routed in Slytherin did not taint James' opinion of the other boy. A large smile broke across Sirius' face. "Maybe I'll break the tradition," he spoke, hope and also mischievousness filling his voice. The small group of four first years then lapsed into a brief conversation about which house they wanted to be in. James announced he wanted to be in Gryffindor, which elicited an excited reaction from his new friend. The other boy, the one already in his school robes, made a disparaging noise when James made his proclamation. Instantly, James and Sirius turned on the boy, whom Lily had referred to as Severus, mocking him and taunting him. Lily, acting as Severus' protector, quickly and angrily stood and, still being taunted by the boys, pulled her friend out of the compartment. Sirius and James cackled in joy, even after the compartment door had been slammed shut. James, who did not consider himself a bully or a mean person, justified his cruel actions in a variety of ways. Firstly, Severus had started it. James and Sirius had been friendly discussing houses before Severus chose to insult James. He had simply been standing up for his future house, the same house that Potters had been sorted into for years. Secondly, anyone willingly choosing or even openly desiring to be placed into Slytherin was not a good person. Slytherin was a house of superiority and hatred; only evil seeds went into that house. Finally, neither he nor Sirius had said anything nasty, terrible, or disparaging. It was playful mocking, not hateful mocking. They hadn't done anything wrong. The two new friends spent the remainder of the train ride in excited, friendly conversation about themselves and their hopes for their year at Hogwarts. They also played several more games of exploding snap and other magical card games. Finally, as the sun was setting over the Scottish Highlands, the train pulled into Hogsmeade Station. James turned to Sirius, an excited smile on his face. "Here we go!" he exclaimed.
Chapter Six Sorting You go out on Friday night/ I stay in but that's alright/ Because I have found a clique to call my own ~Good Charlotte "Here we go!" James exclaimed to Sirius as the Hogwarts Express pulled in to Hogsmeade Station. James turned to look out the window, trying to catch his first glimpse of Hogwarts Castle, but apparently, the train station was a fair distance away from the castle. A little crestfallen, James turned back to the others. The three other occupants of the compartment had all stood and begun to collect their things. It was time to get off the train. "How do you think we get to the castle?" Lily, the red-haired muggle born girl James had helped find the platform asked her friend, Snivellus or whatever he was called. James was a little surprised to hear the same level of excitement in Lily's voice as he felt. He liked this girl. "It's boats for first years, horseless carriages for everyone else," Sirius responded, though he didn't turn to look at either Lily or her friend. Instead, he quickly exited the compartment and made his way into the crowd of other students trying to make their way off the train. James hurried after his friend, not wanting to leave Sirius lest he somehow get lost in the crowd. "How'd you know it's boats?" James asked once he'd met back up with Sirius. His parents had told him a fair amount of Hogwarts lore, but this was one part they'd never seemed to talk about. "My dad has a weird obsession with the boats. Apparently, they were one of his favourite parts of Hogwarts, which tells you how much fun he had at school." Sirius responded. The two boys had made their way out of the train and onto the platform. The older students were, almost lemming-like, heading in the same direction off the platform. James turned to his new friend, asking if they should go the same way. Sirius nodded in response and the two quickly joined the group. "Firs' years!" a loud, booming voice rang out over the din of conversation that pervaded the platform. "Firs' years this way!" James turned to Sirius; the other boy just shrugged, saying that he wasn't sure what was going on. However, they quickly decided that it would probably be best to follow the loud booming voice. It seemed like it had some authority. They quickly came across a very large man standing away from the rest of the crowd. A small group of students, all about the same height as James, and looking a combination of either anxious or nervous, stood around him. "Firs' years!" the tall man yelled out again, trying to corral all the first years in one spot. James took the opportunity to scope out his fellow first year students. James' mother had always told him to not judge a book by its cover, or a person by your first impression, but from what James could see, the group of boys and girls who would be his classmates for the next seven years were less than impressive. Aside from Sirius and Snivellus, most of the first years looked like they were ready to faint or like they'd rather be anywhere else than their current location. Hopefully, there would be some more people willing to go o adventures and cause a little mayhem. "All righ' Firs' Years! Gather round! We'll be takin' the boats into Hogwarts. There's only four to a boat. Watch yer step! Also, keep yer hands and feet in the boat" the large man said, motioning over to a collection of small boats that were moored on the edge of a large body of water not too far from where they were standing. The small group slowly picked their way towards the water's edge, and James felt his anticipation growing. It was only a matter of moments before he would finally set his eyes on Hogwarts. "Hey! Sirius, right?" a sharp, almost birdlike voice called from behind James and Sirius. The two boys turned around to see a small girl with dark hair and bright green eyes. James didn't recognize her, but from the jovial smile that crossed Sirius' face, it appeared the other boy did. James felt his heart flutter, worried that Sirius had already made another friend and, now that they had reconnected, Sirius would have no further need of James. "Yeah. Moira, was it?" Sirius asked in response. The girl smiled, sticking close to James and Sirius and getting in their boat alongside them. "Did you end up getting that broom? Did your mum buy your story?" Sirius asked. James assumed that, much like him and Sirius, this girl and Sirius met at Diagon Alley, in the broom store to be precise. "No. She thought it was too expensive. Hey, did you know that apparently there's a giant squid that lives in this lake?" Moira seemed a little uncomfortable to be talking about her family, and quickly changed the subject. James made a note of her behavior. "A giant squid? Where'd you here that?" Sirius asked, his tone jokingly incredulous. It was clear that, despite his father's apparent love of the first year boat ride, he had never mentioned the presence of a giant squid. Moira looked Sirius dead in the eye, clearly showing that his haughty demeanour meant nothing to her. "My older sister saw it three years ago on her boat trip," Moira responded. She took a step closer to Sirius; they were now so close that their noses were only a few inches away from each other. James wasn't sure if they were going to kiss or start a fight. Either way, he felt he needed to intervene. "Okay you two. Let's see who's right and get on the boat. I'm sure if there is a squid, we'll see it!" James responded, grabbing Sirius' sleeve and pulling him towards an unoccupied boat. Moira, a smirk on her face, followed suit. The boats glided seamlessly across the lake. Ripples and the wake of the other boats seemed not to affect the boat as it moved towards Hogwarts castle. James, Sirius and Moira spent most of the trip hanging over the edge of the boat, gazing at ,and occasionally poking, the water. At the mention of the giant squid and the potential of a mystery to solve, James had completely forgotten his anticipation at seeing Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He missed his first look at the castle, but he was almost positive he saw a giant tentacle moving through the water beneath his boat. Sirius says he didn't see anything, but James knows what he saw. Finally, the boats began to slow and headed towards a crevasse in the rocky ledge upon which the castle sat. James and Sirius turned their attention to their voyage and James got his first, very quick sight of the castle before they were too close to the rocks to see much more. The crevasse loomed large and, at first, James wasn't certain that the boats would fit through, the opening looked quite small, but each sailed through without a problem. In only a few moments time, James would be standing before the entirety of the Hogwarts student body and be sorted into a house. His entire family had been in Gryffindor, he was certain he would be joining them. There wasn't another house that he even considered. It was Gryffindor or bust! The boats came to a stop and the first years disembarked. They quickly grabbed their belongings and headed after the giant man towards a set of large, ornate doors. Standing before them was an elderly man. He had short, ear-length silver hair and warm brown eyes. His robes were a dark midnight blue, denoting that he was most likely a member of Ravenclaw house. "Professor Greensleigh," the giant man spoke in welcome to the man standing before the door. "Hagrid," the man responded, "pleasant trip, I assume." Hagrid nodded gruffly before motioning to collection of students standing behind him. "I got all the firs' years here, safe and sound, Professor." The giant man, Hagrid, then left the group standing before the aged Professor Greensleigh. James looked up expectantly. The Professor cleared his throat before launching into a speech of welcome. "Good evening, boys and girls. Welcome to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. This place will be your home for the next seven years as you explore and learn about magic. Now, tonight is all about celebrating, which begins with the traditional start-of-term feast. It is a time to enjoy yourselves with your fellow students before the rigors of your schoolwork begin. Before the eating can commence, however, each of you will each be sorted into one of the four houses. Think of the houses as your family while you are at Hogwarts, as you will be spending essentially all of your time with the members of your house. "These houses are Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each is named after one of the founders of our great school and represents traits that each founder held dear. Your house will not only be your family but share in your triumphs and losses. Triumphs will win your house points, while losses will lose points. The House with the most points at the end of the year will win the House cup, a great honour indeed. "Now, without further ado, let the Sorting Ceremony begin!" Professor Greensleigh finished with a flourish and the doors before him opened up. Slowly, the first years made their way into Hogwarts. Before the students entered the Great Hall and were sorted, they were led into the entrance hall. They entered through a side door, barely visible to a passer-by. The hall was very grand, with a high ceiling and an elegant chandelier blazing brightly in the middle. On either end of the hall were two sets of large, ornate doors. They were engraved with the Hogwarts crest and motto. One led back out to the grounds, empty and darkened. The other led towards the Great Hall and the rest of their lives. The group turned towards to doors to the Great Hall. Excited voices sounded from behind the wood. It was a cacophony of noise. Voices, cheers, ruffling, and scraping denoted the fact that there was a large group gathered. The pressure mounted; they were only a few steps away from the Sorting Ceremony. Students, most likely muggleborns, grew increasingly nervous, wondering what the ceremony entailed. Some of those with magical blood began to stress over which house they would be sorted into, really feeling the family pressure that the selection of houses inspired. Not being sorted into the correct house could mean disinheritance. It was all very momentous. Finally, the doors opened. The loud noises that had been emanating from the Hall ceased as the entire student body turned to watch the first years enter. The students were seated at four long tables, separated into their houses. The Professors sat at a fifth long table at the front of the Hall. And, placed before the Professors' table were a single wooden stool and a beaten and worn old hat. Whispers quickly broke out amongst some of the first years, obviously wondering what was going on with the hat. The first years gathered before the stool. Professor Greensleigh went to stand in front of the front table. The rest of the school turned to look at the hat. Everyone was silent. A few of the muggleborn first years looked more and more confused and concerned. Finally, the hat began to move. A rip near the brim widened and a melody issued from the hole. The magical hat was singing. Gather round, young boys and girls, I've got a tale to tell Of important this and that's So, listen to it well. I may look too plain and simple, But looks can sure deceive. From me your place at this fine school, You will, in time receive. I will gaze deep into your minds And see what's hidden there. All your secrets and desires Before me are laid bare. Four houses you will have to choose Each unique, and old, and grand. They represent the Founders four. Greatest wizards in the land! One such house is Gryffindor. The bravest of them all. With courage, heart, and chivalry, Gryffindors stand tall. Another house is Hufflepuff Where loyalty is key. Kindness, patience, and hard work Make it the place to be. Or possibly in Ravenclaw Is where you'll find your place. Such witty, wise, and learned ones Always with a book before their face. And finally, there is Slytherin Where dwell quite cunning creatures. They will achieve all their desires And get around their teachers. So, step on up, and put me on And let me look inside. There is no place for you to go, Nowhere that you can hide. You will be sorted, here and now I promise to be fast And once I've gone and sorted you At home you'll be at last. The hat finished its song and then became motionless once more. The hall quickly burst out in applause, James enthusiastically joining them. Each year, the hat started the Sorting Ceremony with a song lauding the traits of the four houses. It was his father's favourite part of the year, and now James could see why. The applause died away and Professor Greensleigh stepped forward, a scroll clutched tightly in his hand. He cleared his throat with a gruff cough and the hall was once again silent. "When you hear your name, come forward and put on the hat. You'll be sorted and then you can join your new house. Once all of you have found your place, Headmaster Dumbledore will say a few words." "Abernathy, Kevin," Greensleigh called. James watched the boy names Kevin, a meek looking boy with blond hair, make his way up to the stool and have the hat placed on his head. It slipped down to his ears and the gathered students held their breaths. "Hufflepuff!" the Sorting Hat called out. Kevin jumped off the stool and quickly hurried toward the applauding table. "Black, Sirius," Professor Greensleigh called. Sirius took a deep breath and stepped forward. James gave him a thumbs up and then began to worry. He was sure he would have no problems making other friends, but he really wanted his first friend at Hogwarts to be in the same house as him. The hat was silent for what felt like a lifetime before it finally shouted out, "Gryffindor!" The proclamation of Sirius' house was met with startled silence. Slytherin House looked absolutely shocked, mouths dropped open and eyes bugged out. Sirius slipped the hat off his head and made his way to Gryffindor's table. The students then seemed to come out of their stupor and, Gryffindor table especially, began to cheer and applaud. James applauded right along with the table and then turned back to the Sorting Hat, awaiting his turn to be proclaimed a Gryffindor. James sat right where he belonged. It felt like home. It felt absolutely right. Only a few minutes prior, his name had been called and he'd confidently made his way to be sorted. He hadn't really been worried. Potters had been in Gryffindor for generations. There were very few individuals with the Potter name not in Gryffindor. James was going to be in Gryffindor. So, when the Sorting Hat proclaimed James Potter as a Gryffindor, he was not in the least bit surprised. He confidently, and maybe with a slight swagger, crossed the hall to the loudly cheering table. He took his rightful place beside his new friend Sirius Black. He turned and nodded to Sirius, acknowledging that they'd both gotten exactly what they wanted. "Gryffindor," James commented, a wide smile on his face. Sirius returned the smile. The pair then turned back to the sorting. There were only a few more first years left. One of them, looking extremely nervous and dejected, was the boy from the train, the one they had bothered about wanting to be in Slytherin. James turned to his right and saw, looking relatively sad and upset herself, the red-headed girl who was with the boy. 'Lily,' James thought, remembering her name from their encounter back at King's Cross station. She and her greasy haired friend had been planning to be in the same house, Slytherin. But now, they would both have to be in Gryffindor, which seemed very unlikely. That boy was definitely not Gryffindor material. Even just looking at him, James felt like he was slimy, a clear-cut trait of Slytherin. 'If he gets into Gryffindor,' James thought. He couldn't even complete that thought because it was so ridiculous. That nervous, slippery, slimy boy –Snivellus- belonged with the equally slippery and slimy Slytherins. Scott, Moira was called, and James briefly recognized the girl that had shared their boat trip over with them. She was sorted into Slytherin, which James found a little strange. Moira had seemed like an alright girl. He hadn't suspected she'd be a Slytherin. "Snape, Severus!" Professor Greensleigh called. James watched him carefully. He made his way to the hat, his movements hesitant and, in James' estimation, fairly snakelike. He sat on the stool, had the hat placed on his greasy black hair, and waited. James knew that the Hat was delving into Snivellus' brain to try and sort him. Perhaps the hat would even hold a brief conversation with him. James' sorting had been relatively brief. The Sorting Hat had quickly picked up on James' naturally courageous personality. It had seen that, while James was very smart and able with magic, and extremely loyal towards his friends and family, courage was the biggest part of James. It had taken the hat about 20 seconds to figure this all out. However, as James focused in on Snivellus' sorting, he realised that the hat seemed to be taking an inordinate amount of time. His father had told him about Hatstalls, where the Sorting Hat couldn't decide which house to place you in to; your sorting would take minutes as opposed to seconds. This sorting was looking much like that, when finally, the slit just above the brim of the hat opened and spoke. "Slytherin!" James let out a sigh of relief. As the time had extended on, James had become more and more concerned that Snape might be sorted into Gryffindor. If that were to happen James would have been forced to essentially re-evaluate his entire world view. Thankfully, that didn't happen. James settled back into his calm, confident emotional state. However, in that moment, James made a mental note to keep a close eye on Snivellus. Something about him set James on edge.
Chapter Seven And So It Begins The beginning is the most important part of the work ~Plato The Sorting Ceremony ended when 'Zeyers, Penelope' was sorted into Hufflepuff. After Snape had been sorted though, James hadn't really paid too much more attention. A few other girls were sorted into Gryffindor; all the boys who would be James' classmates had been sorted before him. Along with Sirius Black, who James knew was going to be a very good friend, two other boys had joined Gryffindor. One was a small, mousy boy who had initially looked nervous and was then relieved when the Sorting Hat had declared him a Gryffindor. The second boy was a tall, skinny boy. He seemed to have more confidence than the mousy boy, but there was still something about the taller boy that made James think he was nervous about the whole experience. With the sorting finished, James expected a dinner to begin. However, instead of turning to their plates, many of the upperclassman remained looking at the head table. James turned to look that way as well, wondering what was to come next. As Penelope took her seat, an older man sitting in the middle of the table stood. James was almost positive that he was Professor Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts, but having never met the man he couldn't be 100% certain. The older wizard opened his arms in a welcoming gesture and smiled. His gaze quickly flitted across the sea of students. "To the first year students, Hogwarts, and I as the Headmaster, bid you a very warm welcome. To the older students, I bid you a kind welcome back. I can tell that this year will be a great and adventurous time for one and all. Now, as I gaze out at all of your faces, I am reminded that now is not the time for grand speech making. It is, I believe, the time for eating and friendly discussion! So, without further ado, please join me in the traditional Welcome Feast!" Headmaster Dumbledore raised his hands once more as he finished his words. Dishes appeared on every table and the large ones in the center were quickly filled with food. James stared in awe at the sight of the huge feast. His mother, especially in the last few months, had begun preparing larger and larger feasts for the Potter family, but this was by far, the largest amount of food James had ever seen in his life. Even a Potter Christmas party, that usually drew at least 100 guests never had this much food. It looked like a traditional English feast, with all the favourites on plates along the table. James quickly filled his plate, wanting to try as many of the dishes as he possibly could. He then quickly dug into the meal, excited by the tastes that filled his mouth. After a few bites of the amazingly delicious food, James decided that he should take the time to meet his fellow first-year Gryffindors. After all, they would be spending the next seven years together; they would have to get to know each other eventually. "I'm James," he said warmly to the boy sitting across from him, "and this is Sirius. Pretty awesome that we've been sorted into Gryffindor, huh? I mean, it is the best house!" Both James and Sirius then looked expectantly at the boy sitting across from them, waiting for his response. "Yeah, awesome," he returned after swallowing the food in his mouth. He had responded to the question, but only barely. James found that fact strange. Did this boy not want to talk to James? They would be staying in the same room every school day for the next seven years. They would have nearly all of their classes together; this year they would have all of their classes together. Not knowing each other would make things extremely awkward. "My whole family's been in Gryffindor for years, so it wasn't really that much of a surprise. How about yours? What house were they in?" James was unphased by the other boy's lack of desire for conversation. If he had to pull the information out of the other boy, he would. James had to wait again while the other boy swallowed a large bite of food, having obviously believed that James would give up at his minimal words. "My dad was in Gryffindor. He'll be happy I am too. My mum's a muggle so I do not think she will really care," the other boy responded. His tone was conversational but not overly friendly. James found it was a little weird that, after he had introduced both himself and Sirius, the other boy had not responded in kind. James made a mental note to ask the other boy what his name was; he'd missed it during the sorting having had no real interest in this boy until he realised they would be in the same house. "That's pretty cool. What's your Dad's name. Maybe my family knows him," James had to go about asking for the other boy's name in an indirect way, feeling awkward that he had already had a fair amount of conversation with him but not having his name. "My dad?" the other boy asked, surprised and hesitant in response to the question. James thought the reaction was strange but didn't think too much of it. He didn't really know this boy, maybe he was a hesitant individual. "My dad is Lyall Lupin." The other boy then looked down at his plate and refused to make eye contact. James decided he wouldn't get any more out of the boy at that moment and turned to the other people around him. "What do your parents think about all this?" James asked the redheaded girl a few people over from him. Lily. He remembered her name. "Being muggles do they have opinions about houses? Do they even know about the different houses?" However, Lily, who was focused on her dinner, simply ignored James' question. He felt a little crestfallen but decided that everyone was too busy eating to talk and if he tried again later, he would surely have better results. Trying to appear upbeat, James tucked into his food, enjoying the tastes and textures of the well-prepared feast. Dinner slowly blended into dessert. Eventually, the platters holding hot, savoury, and salty food stopped refilling themselves. They then filled with various sweets and treats. James' eyes grew large at the selection that lay before him. He had a fairly large sweet tooth and always favoured dessert. He wished he hadn't eaten quite so much at dinner, but still took a few sweets. If need be, he could squirrel them away for later. As James ate his sweets, he took a moment to observe his fellow Gryffindor first years. He started with the girls. There were four of them. The first girl he noticed, as if his eyes were drawn to her, was Lily. James spent maybe a second more looking at Lily, watching her enjoy her sweets and hold a friendly discussion with a few of the other girls sitting around him. Sitting beside Lily was a dark haired girl with a pinched expression. She sat tall and rigid, as if she'd been taught to sit that way her entire life. James thought that she must have been a pureblood from an ancient wizarding family. Then there were two brunettes; one with a confident air about her. The other brunette was much mousier and quite. She had large wide eyes that seemed to shimmer with enjoyment at everything around her. The girls were all busy in their own conversations amongst each other. James figured that now would not be a good time to try and get to know these girls. Interjecting into their conversation would not be beneficial. Instead, he turned to the boys. There was Sirius, sitting beside him hurriedly stuffing pasties and pies into his mouth. It seemed to James like Sirius had never had a sweet in his life, which seemed strange. James then turned his attention across the table. There were two other boys sitting there, though he hadn't initially noticed the second of the two. The first was the boy he had talked to at the start of dinner, the one who hadn't really accepted James' attempts at conversation. The other boy was so mousy and quiet, so unassuming that James hadn't even really noticed him initially. He had mousy brown hair and he seemed to be so nervous that he wouldn't look up from his plate. James, feeling like this boy would be a potentially good friend. He looked so anxious and socially awkward that James was almost positive that if he reached out to this boy, he would not be rejected like he had been by the other boy in his year. James was just about to introduce himself to the quiet, mousy boy when, suddenly, a hush fell over the crowd. The food that remained on the platters disappeared. James, and the rest of the Gryffindor table and the Great Hall, slowly turned towards the head table, certain that the changes had occurred because of a forthcoming speech. Dumbledore, his father explained, always gave a speech welcoming the students and commencing the new year. His first address had been a little short, James had thought. Now, it made sense. There was most likely a longer speech about to be made. "Once again, welcome. I am looking forward to quite the amazing year with you all! Just a few reminders and statements about rules. The forest on the grounds is forbidden to all students, except with the express consent and supervision of a professor. I know it may be tempting to venture into its depths, but let me assure you, there are a great number of beasts that dwell in the forest that will kill you without a second thought. "Jinxes, hexes, and other forms of magic are not to be used in corridors between classes. Practice of skills you have learned is strongly encouraged, but not on other students without their permission!" James frowned slightly at that rule. Not being able to use magic in the hallways would make it a lot harder to execute his plan of causing mischief and mayhem. "Now that those rules have been explained, a few start of term remarks. For those who have just entered Hogwarts for the first time, know that you are a part of something quite special. For the next seven years, you will hone your magic and explore your boundaries. You will develop deep bonds and lifelong friendships. Your houses will become your families, the people that will make the journey with you. "And with that, I dare say, it is time that you be off for bed. Prefects, if you will." Dumbledore motioned with his hands into the crowds, then returned to his seat. Slowly, students began to stand and trickle out of the Great Hall. James and Sirius, who hadn't said much to each other since dinner had started, quickly turned to each other. They, along with the rest of the first years, remained sitting and waited for the prefects to show up. They began talking about what Dumbledore could have meant by the beats that roamed the Forbidden Forest and ways they could get around the no mafic in the hallways rule. Finally, a tall, fairly muscular guy and a stick thin girl with straight brown hair approached the awaiting Gryffindor first years. The boy had a warm smile on his face that continued up to his chocolate brown eyes. Instantly, James liked him. The girl, Patricia, on the other hand looked like she was judging each of them right then. Her expression was closed and haughty, the complete opposite of Frank. "Hello, I'm Frank and this is Patricia. We are fifth year prefects and we'll be showing you up to the Gryffindor common room and dorms. We'll also tell you all you need to know about Gryffindor and Hogwarts. Ask any questions that come to mind! Now, shall we be off?" Frank's voice was cheerful and welcoming. The first years all stood and followed Frank. James and Sirius walked directly behind Frank, peppering him with indiscriminate questions about what they'd be learning, what life was like in Gryffindor, and if Frank, who happened to be on the Gryffindor Quidditch team, had any tips on making the team. A first year hadn't made a house team in over fifty years, but both James and Sirius were determined that at least one of them would break the streak. The small group made their way through the halls of Hogwarts. They ascended and descended several sets of stairs, some of them having moved and changed their final terminus. Finally, the group came to a halt in front of a large portrait. The hallways were lined with various paintings and portraits so at first James wasn't sure what was going on. What did a painting of an overweight woman have to do with them? "Well, first years," Frank said, turning in a slow circle to face their direction. He had a strange glint in his eyes. "Beyond this door is the greatest common room in Hogwarts. It contains the best furniture, the warmest fire, the most comfortable beds, and, most importantly, the best people." Frank stepped aside giving the group a good look at the portrait. James had distinctly heard the word door and so began trying to locate a door, or something that would pass as a door. Growing up in the magical world, James knew that wizards often hid things for security purposes. However, no matter where he looked, he couldn't find a thing like a door. "Good evening," the portrait suddenly spoke. "Speak the password and enter the great Gryffindor dormitories!" "The Fat Lady guards the entrance to the common room and dormitories. She requires a password, which changes every month or so. The new password will be posted on the bulletin board in the common room. The bulletin board will also hold any and all important notices so check it out every once and a while," Frank spoke in explanation. He smiled down at the first years, enjoying the little trick he'd played on them before continuing. "Girls and boys dormitories are up separate staircases. They are rigged so boys can't go up to the girls, so don't even try. Your things have already been brought up, so you don't have to worry about that. Tomorrow at breakfast you will be given your class schedules so don't sleep too late and miss it." Frank then turned back to the portrait of the Fat Lady. "In omnia paratus!" Frank spoke in a clear and commanding voice. The Fat Lady nodded, accepting the password. The portrait then swung open, revealing a low entrance and a warm glow beyond. Frank stepped into the entrance and towards the common room. The first years followed, and Patricia brought up the rear. James' mother and father had talked lovingly of the Gryffindor common room; the warm cozy space had been one of the many things that James had been looking forward too. The minute he stepped into the Gryffindor common room, he felt exactly like he thought and hoped he would. It was warm and homey with a crackling fire in the hearth and plushy comfortable furniture through the room. "Girls' dorms are up those stairs," Frank spoke, motioning to one of the spiral staircases flanking the entrance. "Boys' are up the others. First year dorms are the third door up each flight. That's the tour. Feel free to explore your dorms and the common room. It's past curfew so exploring the castle at this time would result in a deduction of house points and a possible detention. My advice is stick to Gryffindor and explore elsewhere tomorrow. "So, with that, I bid you goodnight. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate." Frank gave them one final smile, then turned and climbed the stairs to the boys' dormitories. James turned to Sirius, ready to decide what their next move was. One of the other two boys, the taller, thinner one, followed Frank up the stairs. The girls, already moving as one group, walked into the relatively empty common room and sat before the fire. Sirius returned James' look and then the pair turned to the second boy who was standing, rather awkwardly, just behind the pair. "Peter, right?" James asked warmly. The other boy, looking more and more awkward with each passing second, turned bright red and nodded instead of speaking. "I'm James and this is Sirius. We're both excited about being in Gryffindor. It seems like it is going to be pretty awesome, don't you think?" Peter remained silent. James was instantly worried that his estimation of this boy had been wrong. Maybe he didn't want to get to know James, to be his friend. However, he refused to give up after such a small setback. He would befriend Peter, and the other boy who James was pretty sure was named Remus, even if it took him all year.
Chapter Eight This Most Auspicious Meeting Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another, "What! You too? I thought I was the only one" ~C. S. Lewis The boys entered their dorm room and found it just as warm and welcoming as the common room below. There were four four-post beds spaced throughout the room, a trunk placed in front of each of them. The fourth boy in their year and house was already laid out on his bed, a book in front of his face. Sirius plopped down onto a four-post bed; James assumed it had been assigned to his friend because of the ornate trunk placed in front of it. Peter hoped onto his bed and looked around expectantly, obviously wonder what was going to happen next. James ignored the others around him and went over to his trunk. He then began was busily digging through it, pulling out mementos and keepsakes. He began carefully placing each one in a special place around his bed, making Hogwarts feel a little like the second home he believed it was to be. When he was done at last, he hopped onto his bed and turned to face the room. Sirius lay back on his bed but turned to face James. Peter excitedly sat on his own bed and stared at James. Remus continued to read his book. "So," James spoke into the silence, "I think we should take this time, before school starts in earnest, to get to know each other. We'll be sleeping in the same room for the next seven years; we should at least be on friendly terms." He then looked around to take the pulse of the room. Sirius shrugged in a noncommittal fashion. James interpreted the motion to mean that the boy felt that it was a good idea, but he wasn't as enthusiastic about it as James. Peter nodded enthusiastically, clearly a little desperate to make a connection with James. Remus continued to read; he didn't even lower it the tiniest bit. "I'll go first," Sirius spoke up. He slowly sat up and faced the room. "I'm Sirius Black, of the 'Ancient House of Blacks'. I'm the first person in my family to be sorted into Gryffindor. My entire family is pureblood, a proud fact for many of them. I, personally, could care less. I have a younger brother, Regulus. He'll be here next year. My favourite Quidditch team is the Kenmare Kestrels and I would like to play chaser here at Hogwarts." Sirius looked up at the ceiling, obviously trying to see if he could come up with some more information. However, James was far too excited and jumped in to introduce himself. "I'm James Potter. I grew up in Godric's Hallow. Most of my family has been in Gryffindor for centuries. I'm an only child, have a few cousins though. My family's also fairly pureblood; there are rumours we may be related to the Peverell's. I happily cheer for Puddlemere and, likewise will attempt to be names chaser on the house team. "You next, Peter?" James finished with a winning smile at Peter. He had been hanging onto James' every word, but now that he was in the spotlight, he looked like he wanted to run, or hurl. "I'm- uh- Peter Pettigrew," he began. His voice was soft and had a slight waver in it. He was also looking down at his hands as he spoke. "My dad was in Gryffindor and he'll be very- uh- happy that I'm- uh- also in it. Uh- I like Quidditch and- uh- Puddlemere. But uh- I don't- I don't play. Not very good on a broom." Peter spoke the last bit in almost a whisper and both James and Sirius had to lean in to hear him. Even when he had finished speaking, Peter didn't look up. James smiled extremely brightly, though Peter didn't notice. He then got up and stood in front of Peter's bed. Finally, James reached over and placed a comforting hand on Peter's knee. This caused Peter, red faced, to look up and was met with the full force of James' smile. The obvious displays of affection seemed to revive the sandy-haired boy, and Peter once again resumed his awe-filled staring. "You just need more flying practice is all," James added comfortingly. Peter looked like he could kiss James. Then, having done his duty to comfort his new friend, James turned to the last boy in the room. He still lay, almost motionless, on his bed. His back was still clutched tightly in his hands. James wondered if Remus had any awareness of the rest of the room. Wanting to make a sure he was making an impression, James moved to stand in front of Remus. He didn't speak; he simply stood at the foot of the bed and stared down Remus. It was several, slightly awkward moments of silence, but eventually Remus slowly lowered his book and looked up at James. "Can I help you with something?" Remus asked with genuine concern, not the contempt that such a question usually contained. James smiled warmly at him. "I'm James Potter, one of your fellow roommates. This is Sirius Black and Peter Pettigrew." James motioned to each boy as he introduced him. "We were just introducing ourselves and saying a few things about us. Figured we should at least by acquaintances if we're stuck with each other for the next seven years. We've all gone, so now it's just you." Remus remained silent for a while; James continued smiling at him. Finally, James seemed to wear down the other boy. Remus sighed and marked his place in his book with his finger. "I'm Remus Lupin," he spoke. He seemed to hope that would be enough for James. He had no such luck; James continued smiling down at him. "My father was a Gryffindor; my mother was a muggle. I have no siblings and I'm not a big fan of Quidditch." Remus then returned to his book, not even looking back at James. James stared, slightly incredulous. Despite his book reading, Remus had hit all the points the others had. Apparently, he hadn't been as aloof as he appeared. However, after the initial shock wore off, he returned to his bed, content at what he had managed to accomplish. The rest of the night was spent with the boys discussing themselves and their interests. There was a brief argument about which Quidditch team was better, but otherwise the boys got along extremely well. Remus, for his part, continued reading. Occasionally, James would lob a question Remus' way in an attempt to draw him in. Occasionally, Remus would answer the question, but mostly he just continued reading. When the foursome finally called it a night it was very late. The first morning at Hogwarts dawned bright and, in the opinion of the very tired James, much too early. Maybe they'd stayed up too late last night, but James didn't really regret that. He'd never had someone to talk to late into the night before and the experience created a warm, fulfilling glow within him. Finally, the excitement that the prospect of learning magic brought won out over James' tiredness and the boy pulled himself out of bed. He found Sirius in a similar state, his previously perfectly coifed hair sticking out at odd angles. James, whose hair was normally on the messy side, assumed he looked a lot worse. The two boys smiled at each other, still slightly sleepy, before they got out of bed and began to prepare for the day. Peter was already awake and ready, quietly sitting on his bed waiting for the others. Remus was already gone, his bed neatly made. After about twenty minutes, Sirius and James, with Peter trailing after, made it down to breakfast in the Great Hall. They found Remus sitting about halfway down the table, the seats around him empty. He had a plate full of food and a book open before his nose. Everything about his posture screamed 'closed off' and 'stay away.' Normally, James would have confidently walked over and sat beside Remus, but Sirius was obviously much too hungry because he sat down at the first available spot. He then quickly began shovelling food into his mouth. James temporarily admitted defeat and sat beside Sirius, with Peter joining them. About halfway through breakfast, a witch with an emerald robe and spectacles began moving throughout the Gryffindor table. James guessed she was the head of Gryffindor but wasn't sure on her name. She stopped at each student and handed him or her a piece of parchment. It wasn't long before she stood before James, Sirius, and Peter. "Here are your schedules boys. First class starts in twenty minutes; you better not be late." She gave a knowing look at James and Sirius, like she was expecting them to be late for some reason. She then continued on down the table. When she reached Remus, who was sitting alone a few seats away, James noticed that she gave him two pieces of parchment. The schedule and something else. James was instantly curious. However, he wasn't given long to dwell on it. "Shall we? Wouldn't want to be late for Charms, would we?" Sirius exclaimed, his plate cleaned and a look of eager anticipation on his face. James nodded, quickly flinging his bag over his shoulder.
Chapter Nine The Slimy & The Incomparable Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are the most active ~Leonardo Da Vinci James and Sirius walked into their first ever magical class, wide smiles spread across their faces. Peter quietly followed behind the pair. Their great, grand adventure was finally beginning. James had stared, wide-eyed with amazement, as his parents performed even the simplest household spells. Despite being surrounded by magic on a daily basis, not actually being allowed to perform any spells kept a certain glow about it all. Now, with their walk into the classroom, the barrier of performance would finally be removed. They could now practice magic! Other first years, Gryffindors and Hufflepuffs, were seated throughout the classroom. A steady hum of conversation filled the room as the others excitedly talked about what was in store for them. They all looked just as excited as James felt. All except one lone, hunched figure sitting in the corner. He was well apart from everyone and staring at the table in front of him. As soon as James spotted him, he quickly moved in his direction. James had grown up essentially alone; he had come to Hogwarts with every intention of making as many friends as possible. Sirius and Peter had been relatively easy to befriend; the third Gryffindor first year seemed to be putting up more of a fight. Almost from the start, Remus had been distancing himself. He hadn't said a word at dinner and barely participated in James' get-to-know-you chat. Now, just like at breakfast, he was sitting almost as far from everyone else as he could. James saw it as a challenge, one he was most certainly going to meet. "Mind if we sit here?" James asked Remus. The other boy slowly raised his head and took in James, Sirius, and Peter. He paused, looking reluctant, but eventually nodded. James readily took the seat right next to Remus, and Peter and Sirius followed suit. "So, which class are you looking forward to the most?" James asked, smiling warmly at Remus. The other boy just continued looking at his hands. James smiled wider. "You can ignore me all you want, but I'm not going to stop. I think we could be great friends, and I'm not going to stop asking you questions and talking to you. You might as well get used to it and answer my questions." Remus continued to stare at his hands, but a smile began to spread across his face. James could feel he was getting somewhere and was about to continue to push Remus, when a short man wandered into the classroom. He stopped at the front of the room and glanced around. "Welcome, first years," he spoke, "This is Charms and I am Professor Flitwick." James sighed, upset that the progress he'd made had been halted. He shot Remus a look that made it clear that he would not be giving up, then focused on the professor. Professor Flitwick, as he'd introduced himself, was quite on the short side. Standing in front of his desk, as he was now, made it clear that he was barely taller than it. He had very white hair, much like Dumbledore, but his beard was significantly shorter. He had on periwinkle robes that James had a sneaking suspicion were actually made for a child. "Charms is a vital magical practice. Throughout the rest of your life, you will rely on the skills and knowledge you gain from this class more than any other. Many of my colleagues will disagree with me on that point, but I assure you it is the truth. Just think of your parents around the house; which form of magic do they use the most?" Professor Flitwick paused in his speech to let his 'revelation' sink in. James had already figured that Charms would be his most practical class; that didn't mean it would be his favourite or the one he found the most interesting. "Now, to see where you all are," Professor Flitwick pulled out his wand and waved it around. Glasses of water with ice in them appeared before each student. "You will attempt to perform a simple cooling charm. In order to do so, focus on the water and repeat the incantation. Professor Flitwick produced a glass before himself as well. "Frigus!" he spoke clearly. Almost instantly, the water in his glass froze solid. "Now, I'm not expecting your charm to be that strong. I will be quite satisfied, and you should too, if you are able to keep your ice cubes from melting for five minutes. We'll have a few minutes of practice and then I will go around and see how each of you are doing. Begin!" James eagerly grabbed his wand and focused. He pictured his glass frozen just like Professor Flitwick's, and then spoke the incantation with the same confidence as the short professor. "Frigus!" Glee and pride filled James' being as the glass before him began to frost over slightly. It wasn't the solid ice of Flitwick's, but it was definitely colder than it had been only seconds before. Triumphant, he looked around to see how the others were doing. Sirius had achieved an almost identical result to James, with his glass just a little less frosty than the messy haired boy. Remus' glass was not visibly colder, but after watching the other boy's glass for several seconds, deemed the light brown haired boy successful. Peter, on the other hand, seemed to have not managed anything as his ice quickly melted. "I think I'm quite charming, don't you?" Sirius asked, a sly smile on his face at his stupid joke. James laughed at his friend's joke before leaning back in his chair and observing the other students in the class. He, too, thought he was quite good at magic and was, also, quite charming. By the end of class, James, Sirius, and Remus, and a smattering of Hufflepuffs had all managed to keep the ice in their glass solid. Peter, after about twenty attempts, had managed to set his glass on fire. James and Sirius had found it hilarious, especially when Professor Flitwick put it out from across the room by making a stream of water shoot from his wand. Remus, much to James' pleasure had also cracked a smile. There was definitely potential there. Professor Flitwick dismissed them after explaining they would continue on next day and setting practice of the charm for homework. James and Sirius left with Peter, playfully ribbing him still about his flaming glass of water. Peter was turning very red but seemed to be taking the playful antagonism fairly well. The class quickly split in two, with the Hufflepuffs heading down one hallway and the Gryffindors down another. Now in the smaller group, James broke off from poking fun at Peter and lagged to the back of the group. Sirius and Peter followed suit. Quickly the female contingent of Gryffindor was leading the group with the four males at the back. Remus had exited the class last and had been hanging around the back before James slowed down to meet him. "So, what do you think of Professor Flitwick and Charms?" James asked conversationally. He looked right at Remus when he spoke, indicating he was asking the thin, sandy haired boy the question. Remus ignored both the question and the look and continued walking through the hallway; his head was down, focused on the floor, and he clutched his Charms book tightly to his chest. "I think he's probably got some amazing skills and he'll dazzle us with them at various points throughout the year. Leave us in awe or something." Sirius piped up when it became obvious that Remus wasn't going to offer his opinion. "Oh," said James, pivoting his head to look at Sirius who was walking on his other side, "what makes you say that? I mean, he obviously needs to know what he's talking about in order to teach us and his frozen glass was pretty cool," James and Sirius both chuckled at the pun, "but why do you think he's like a savant or something?" Sirius smiled mischievously and his face, which had been handsome before, only increased in attractiveness. "Someone his height would need to have some mad skills in order to be taken seriously." It was a backhanded comment, praising his supposed skill while ridiculing his stature, and James enjoyed it all. He snorted in surprise at the comment and then heartily laughed at the humour. Peter laughed after James, having waited to see how the taller boy would respond. Out of the corner of his eye, James caught Remus' reaction. The thin boy looked as if he wanted to say something but stopped himself. James decided to pounce. "Yes, Remus," he spun quickly to his other side and caught the aforementioned boy off guard, "did you have something to say. You should not feel the need to keep things to yourself. Friends won't judge." Remus was momentarily stunned, probably by James' use of the word 'friends' to describe their relationship. Remus had barely spoken a word to the three of them and yet James, unilaterally, had decided and proudly declared that they were friends. Before Remus could respond, the quartet, along with the rest of the Gryffindors arrived at their next class. James confidently strode in and sat at an empty table in the middle of the room. Sirius and Peter readily followed him and, much to James' pleasure, Remus took the empty seat to James' right. Their class after Charms was Transfiguration. James' quickly found the idea of changing the appearance of objects, and even people, very fascinating. The only downside to the class was the professor. The same witch who had handed out their schedules that morning was also responsible for teaching them Transfiguration. She was a middle-aged witch named McGonagall, with her hair pulled into a tight bun and an almost omnipresent stern expression. She wore square glasses in front of her beady eyes. Professor McGonagall radiated strictness and gave James the impression that goofing around would not be tolerated in her class. For a boy who enjoyed a good joke or prank, he was sure that he would occasionally come into conflict with her. Most of their first Transfiguration class consisted of her explaining her magical subject, carefully detailing the differences between Transfiguration and Charms, and then detailing the rules and procedures of her classroom. She also gave the first paper of the school year, a foot of parchment discussing , in-depth and with examples, the intricacies of Transfiguration and how to determine if a spell was classified as a charm or a transfiguration spell. The class after Transfiguration was not any better in James' opinion. He already wasn't looking forward to it, based solely on the title. History of Magic had very little appeal. It would not, James accurately surmised, involve practical magic. There would be no spells to cast during the class; it was just lecture after lecture about the past. And, while some found the past endlessly fascinating, James was not one of those people. His least favourite part of family get-togethers was when his older relatives and his parents' friends began reminiscing about the past. It always put James right to sleep. When he and Sirius walked into the class, his mood went up a little. Standing at the front of the room, behind a decaying lectern was a ghost. A class taught by a ghost could be mildly interesting. Then the ghost, Professor Binns, began to talk and James' mood soured. The ghost spoke with a monotone, meaning that even the interesting parts of the past, where there were wars and bloodshed, would be drained of their excitement level. Nothing was exciting when relayed by a person with an emotionless voice. The one upside of the class was that, once the professor began lecturing, he didn't notice a lot of what went on in the classroom. There was definite goofing off potential and would make the prospect of listening to hours of droning lecturing a little more bearable. Finally, James found himself sitting in his final class of the day. Of all the classes offered besides maybe flying lessons, Defense Against the Dark Arts definitely had the most potential. It offered the opportunity to actually perform magic, to discuss potentially dangerous objects, animals, and curses, and to come face to face with the darkest magic imaginable and learn how to defeat it. All of it sounded amazing to James. He couldn't wait for the class to begin. Even if it was with the hated Slytherin house. The professor arrived only seconds after the last students had settled in, almost as if he'd been watching them. He strode into the room, his head held high; James sensed a high level of arrogance in the man. He wore dark, almost black, midnight blue robes. They looked expensive, like something his father wore when entertaining friends on special occasions. This man had money, a lot of it, and wanted them all to know. Most professors did not make enough to afford one of those expensive sets of robes and, if they did happen to own one, they wouldn't wear it day-to-day. Yet, this professor was. Sirius lightly elbowed him in the ribs and gave James a look that said he couldn't believe the guy. James returned the look in kind. "Hello, first year," the professor spoke once he'd reached the front of the classroom. His tone was haughty and condescending. Out of the corner of his eye, James noticed Sirius clench his fists so tightly his knuckles turned white. "My name is Albert Strinkley. You will refer to me as Professor Strinkley. I have taught the subject of Defense Against the Dark Arts for ten years. I can assure you that I am the most qualified person for this job as I have extensive experience with all of the Dark Arts." A shiver ran up James' spine. Professor Strinkley spoke of himself with such arrogance that James instantly disliked him. But what really put James on edge was the way Strinkley had spoken of the Dark Arts. Alone, his words could be interpreted as someone who had experienced them and fought against them or researched them in order to better combat them. However, when combined with the reverence and adoration that had filled Professor Strinkley's voice, James was left with a very different impression. It seemed that the professor might have practiced the Dark Arts and not found them as distasteful as they truly were. "This class will not be simple. Defending against the power of dark magic is not easy. Not to mention that the Dark Arts are many and varied. They are quite the complicated subject. Some of you," Professor Strinkley paused and looked meaningfully at the Gryffindor half of the class, "will not be able to cut it, I'm afraid. I will try to instruct you as best I can, but a … natural talent is often required to be truly successful. Only the right kind of wizard can truly match the Dark Arts." With each statement, James felt his dislike form into hatred for the man. He turned to look at Sirius and saw that the boy's fists were clenched so tight that his fingernails were digging into his fleshy palm and his teeth and jaw were so rigid that the longhaired boy looked like a statue. Whatever James felt about the slimy Professor Strinkley, Sirius experienced it tenfold. "Are you okay, mate?" James whispered to the longhaired boy, concern filling his face. Sirius was quite for several seconds, clenching even tighter. James was worried he might explode, but then he spoke. "He's an arrogant, egomaniacal, pureblood fanatic and I can't believe he has a teaching post here. I mean his talk about 'the right kinds of wizard'? It's absolutely terrible!" "I agree, mate," James spoke, placing a comforting hand on Sirius' arm. The other boy remained tense throughout the whole lesson, a long lecture on the dark arts that seemed more like praise than condemnation. James was flying through his classes for the first few days. What was being taught, except for maybe History of Magic, was at the minimum mildly interesting. He could get away with goofing off in class. He could easily master the magic and put in enough effort in homework that he achieved decent grades on it. All of his professors liked him, with the exception of Strinkley. Despite his pureblood status, Strinkley's distaste of Gryffindor counted very strongly against him. Nothing James could do would make up for the house he was sorted into. On the opposite side of spectrum of Professor Strinkley was the Deputy Headmaster and Herbology professor. Professor Greensleigh adored James. He sang his praises loudly and near-constantly. James could get away with almost anything in Herbology. It was quickly becoming his favourite subject. Another of his favourites was Transfiguration. It was, by far, the subject he excelled at the most. Both the theory and the practice came almost naturally to him. It all made sense and he could perform most of the spells with only minimal practice. Even Professor McGonagall was growing on James. He wasn't able to goof off in her class as obviously. Instead of talking, James and Sirius were forced to pass notes. They actually practiced the skills and couldn't get away with jinxing each other, like they did elsewhere. But instead of resenting the forced rule following, James found he could deal with it. And, though he wouldn't admit it, he excelled even more when forced to actually focus on the magic. By Wednesday of the first week, the Gryffindors had experienced all their subjects and met all their professors. James' confidence had grown with each subject and he was feeling pretty good about how his first year would unfold. The last subject for the Gryffindors was during the last period on Wednesday. Potions with Professor Slughorn. James had been looking forward to Potions. Much of his family's wealth had been based on potions, so he was fairly confident that he would continue his streak and excel at this class as well. Plus, he'd heard that Professor Slughorn could recognize talent and boisterously acknowledged it. Rumour had it that he liked to 'collect' extraordinary people and James desperately wanted to be collected. "Oh great," Sirius muttered under his breath as they entered the potions classroom, "Slytherins." James looked up and took in the sight of the Slytherin first years. The Gryffindors had been lucky in James' estimation, and only had one other class with the Slytherins, Defense Against the Dark Arts. He hoped that wasn't a sign. The quartet found an unoccupied table near the middle left side of the classroom. They then began unpacking and preparing for the class. James decided that, in order to get on Professor Slughorn's good side, for at least the first few classes he would put in the effort. He would put his best student self on display, truly show what he could accomplish. "Good afternoon!" a voice bellowed, grasping the attention of the students in the class. He stood behind a long table at the front of the class. Sitting on the table were three large cauldrons. From the smells and different coloured smoke that emanated from them, James deduced that each held a different potion. "I am Professor Slughorn, potions master. I like to start my first classes off with a little challenge. So, gather round the table and take a good look at each of the three cauldrons. Each contains a different potion. Two are simple and will be ones you will learn this year. The third is much more complicated; it will not be something you learn until fifth year and is your prize for the competition." Professor Slughorn tapped the board next to him and three names appeared on the board. James assumed they were connected to the cauldrons. Forgetfulness Potion Pepper Up Potion Invisibility Draught "The first part of the challenge is to correctly identify each of the three potions before you. Take a moment, study each potion, and be prepared with your answer." Professor Slughorn then opened his arms and invited the students forward. A smile crossed James' face. His ancestor had invented the Pepper Up Potion. It was such a point of pride for the Potter family that every member was taught what it looked like, what it did, and how to brew it from a young age. James was positive he could identify that potion. He'd either have to go with instinct or guess on the other two. The students quickly got to work. James examined the three potions and easily determined that the center cauldron contained the Pepper Up Potion. Unfortunately, the other two potions were a complete mystery. He had no idea what the characteristics of Forgetfulness Potion or Invisibility Draught were. Any identification he was to make would be a guess at best. Instead of giving up right then, James chose to continue to examine the potions and hope for some sign to provide him with the answer. "Professor," a soft voice spoke. All the heads of the students sprung up at the word and searched for the person who had spoken. It was none other than Severus Snape. James quickly began glaring daggers at the boy, angry that he may have identified the potions before him. "Go on, Mr. –" Professor Slughorn paused. "Snape, sir. The Forgetfulness potion is on the right. The Pepper Up Potion is in the middle. The Invisibility Draught is on the left." Snape spoke quietly; James found it hard to hear him at points. Professor Slughorn broke into a wide smile. "Excellent! Absolutely correct! Well done my boy!" He patted Snape on the back a few times. He then pulled out his wand and made the cauldrons vanish, except for a small vial of the Invisibility Draught, the reward for the challenge. On the blackboard, taking the place of the three potions was a set of instructions. "These are the steps for brewing the Forgetfulness Potion. This is your task for the rest of the class. The student who brews the best potion will be awarded with this vial of Invisibility Draught. You have the rest of class; all the ingredients you need can be found in the storeroom. Good luck!" As soon as he finished speaking, the students scrambled to get ready and begin brewing. They had about an hour left and, according to the instructions, it would take 45 minutes. That was if they were absolutely perfect and, seeing as they were first years brewing their first potion, they would most likely be nowhere near perfect. They would need all the time they could get. About halfway through, James quickly assessed his potion in relation to the instructions and descriptions on the board. He was sorely disappointed. According to the description, at this point his potion should be changing from white to clear with each stir. James' potion was definitely not becoming clear. It was, in fact, slightly off white, almost grey really. Definitely not good. James was busy studying the board, trying to figure out where he'd gone wrong when Slughorn's voice boomed out over the crowd. "Well, well, well! What have we here?" He was standing over Snape's shoulder, peering into his cauldron, a look of pride on his face. He stuck his wand in the cauldron, obviously testing it. When he pulled his wand out, a wide smile crossed his face. "Absolutely perfect, Mr. Snape! I dare say one of the best I've seen in years! Congratulations! We have a winner for our little competition." James watched as Slughorn produced the vial of Invisibility Draught and handed it over to Snape. A knot formed in the pit of his stomach. Not only had he been bested by the slimy, greasy boy who'd chosen Slytherin, but he hadn't even come close with his potion. He'd messed up several steps and even missed one entirely. As James left the class, stunned and dejected, he focused on the two lessons he'd learned within it. Firstly, potions was not his class, not his class at all. Secondly, and more importantly, Severus Snape could beat him. That second fact, James vowed would never be allowed to occur again. Not if James had anything to say about it.
Chapter Ten It Started Small Now, now my good man, this is no time for making enemies ~Voltaire (On his deathbed when asked by a priest to renounce Satan) As the weeks passed, James quickly discovered something. For him, magic was fairly easy. He wasn't perfect; he never got a spell on the first try. But it did take him significantly fewer tries than the rest of his classmates. He nearly froze his entire glass after only one day of practice in Charms. He transfigured his circular button into a square button after only two classes. Magic took effort, but for James, that effort was significantly less. Luckily for James, Sirius seemed as naturally talented and provided James with a partner to goof off with. They would sit at the back of a class, or in a secluded corner, and talk about Quidditch, or cool jinxes they'd heard about. When it came time to practice, they would get up and try a few times, then maybe, if they were making good progress, try one of the jinxes out on each other. They had yet to become disruptive, so, with the exception of Professor McGonagall who was a stickler for rules, and Professor Strinkley who hated them, the professors let them get away with a lot. Remus, on the other hand, often gave them disapproving looks. Ever since the first day, when James forced his friendship upon Remus, the sandy haired boy had been sitting with James, Sirius, and Peter for meals and classes. He still didn't say much and would head off on his own to the library quite often, but James would take what he could get. Remus, James decided, was good at magic, but he required more bookwork and effort to achieve comparable results to the messy haired boy. During classes the thin boy would take copious notes as the professors lectured. He would go about the practical magic with focus and determination. In the evenings, he always had a book open, taking more notes. Unlike Remus, who was still keeping his distance, Peter never seemed to leave James' and Sirius' side. He spent nearly every waking minute with the pair and had begun to partake in Sirius' and James' goofing off. He too wouldn't listen in class and, when practicing magic, would give up quickly and watch James and Sirius jinx each other. James was happy for the audience; he liked impressing Peter with his magical skill. It was like having a younger brother. It was obvious to James that Peter's lack of scholarly focus was not a result of the ease with which he grasped the work. Peter was avoiding work not because he found it boring, but because he found it hard. James sometimes felt like he should help Peter, encourage him to continue his practice and give him pointers but James didn't want to lose his audience, and so he let Peter continue to give up. He figured that if worse came to worse, he could always try and tutor Peter to ensure he passed his exams. "I performed that simple shield charm much better than Price did! His was half the size of mine! I should have received those five house points, not Slytherin!" James complained loudly as the first year Gryffindors made their way to Transfiguration. In the nearly one month since the beginning of classes, James' opinion of Defense Against the Dark Arts and Professor Strinkley had only soured more and more. Now, after every class, James found at least one thing, though usually more, to complain about. Lately, the trend had focused on Strinkley's bias. The Defense Against the Dark Arts professor had been a Slytherin at school; he'd as much as bragged about it in several classes. He obviously favoured Slytherin, praising and rewarding them significantly more than the Gryffindors. He was also much harsher to the Gryffindors, yelling or punishing them for minor errors that the Slytherins got away with. That day had been Shield Charms, and Professor Strinkley had promised five house points to the individual who could perform the best one. He'd given them twenty minutes of practice time, during which he'd given pointers only to the Slytherins and completely ignored the Gryffindors. Then, when time had come to perform the spell, Professor Strinkley had rewarded Slytherin Matthias Price. In James' estimation, Price's spell was cut rate and faulty, especially when compared to James' own. "I agree," Sirius added, "Strinkley definitely had it out for anyone not in Slytherin. I mean, my spell was definitely better than Price's and yet Strinkley told me mine was not effective and would allow even the simplest jinx through. And then he didn't help me improve it! He turned quickly to Moira Scott who I thought was doing just fine and didn't really need any pointers." "He didn't help me either," Peter spoke hesitantly. He had obviously been struggling with his Shield Charm, only producing wisps of smoke from his wand. Strinkley had berated Peter for his lack of skill but offered no advice or aid. "Just not fair! Not fair at all! We should bring it up to Professor McGonagall and see if we can't get something done, have some punishment enacted, and either ensure Professor Strinkley treats us fairly or else is dismissed." James' eyes sparkled with mischievous glee as the plan formed in his mind. Sirius met James' eye and understanding crossed the longer haired boy's face. They had only known each other a month, but in that time, they'd become thick as thieves; they always could guess what the other was thinking. The boys, along with the other Gryffindors and the Ravenclaws, filed into Transfiguration. The buttons that they had been practicing with for the past month were no longer on their desks, replaced instead by small wooden cups. For a minute, presented with the prospect of learning something new, James forgot all about his complaints regarding Strinkley. He quickly took his seat and focused on Professor McGonagall. "Good afternoon," Professor McGonagall spoke, instantly quieting down any remaining conversations. "Your button transfiguration has been progressing along quite nicely. I think most of you have grasped the skill well enough that we can now move on. Next, I would like you to change your wooden cups into glass goblets. Now, this is a more difficult skill requiring more focus and a greater understanding of theory." Professor McGonagall then began an explanation of what was involved in the spell and James began to tune her out. "Hey," Sirius whispered from James' right. James quickly shot Sirius a look, showing that he'd heard. The pair had quickly discovered that, if they were going to talk during McGonagall's class, they had to be as discreet as possible. Sirius then knocked his arm against James' and slid a scrap of parchment towards the other boy. We still going through with it? –S It took James a moment to remember what 'it' Sirius was referring to. Then it clicked and he quickly scribbled a response. Of course. Bring him down! Hang back after class? –J Excellent! Hey, wanna see who can change their cup first? I bet I can get it in ten tries –S You're on! –J "James," Remus suddenly hissed from James' left, "McGonagall." He looked up from the note he'd been passing with Sirius. Professor McGonagall was staring at him with an expectant look. "Would you like me to repeat the question, Mr. Potter? Are your notes that distracting?" Her expression made it clear that she knew he hadn't been writing about her lecture. James had two options, figure out what question had been asked and somehow answer it, or come clean and face Professor McGonagall reading his note aloud. What's the most important step to a successful transfiguration? The words suddenly appeared on the note. James breathed a sigh of relief, then spoke. His tone was calm and cool, creating the appearance that he hadn't been almost caught. "Sorry, Professor. I was just trying to get everything down. It is so important, after all. To answer your question, visualizing the object in its transfigured state is important to a successful transfiguration." Professor McGonagall looked at him, making it clear that she didn't believe his excuse but letting him get away with it because he had provided her with an answer. James turned to Remus and mouthed 'I owe you' before focusing on McGonagall, determined to not have to face the same situation again. To James, Remus was still a bit of a mystery. He often kept himself apart from the other first year Gryffindors, choosing to spend his free time on his own. James was also positive that Remus was hiding something from the rest of them. There was that strange second sheet of paper that the sandy haired boy had received with his schedule on the first day of class. Then a few days later, Remus had gotten really sickly looking, more so than usual, and said he was going to the infirmary to see if the matron had something for an upset stomach. However, when James had gone up later to check on his friend, Madame Pomfrey, the matron, had insisted that no one had been up to see her all day. The next day though, Remus looked much better and seemed to have returned to his normal self, so James didn't question it in the moment. Maybe Remus had chosen to just sleep it off in the dormitory instead of seeking a healer. Yet, despite all this seclusion and secrecy, Remus was always willing to help his friends study and complete homework, once spending an entire evening trying to explain to Peter the proper way to transform his button to no avail. Whenever a professor was coming by their table while James and Sirius were goofing off, Remus would let the pair know so they could look like they were being productive. And, Remus had provided James with Professor McGonagall's question to get him out of a potentially sticky situation. The dichotomy of Remus' behaviour made it hard for James to pinpoint if the skinny boy wanted to be friends with the other Gryffindors, but James' constant craving for people to surround himself with lead him to not question the other boy too much. For the time being, Remus was sticking around most of the time and that was good enough for James. He could overlook the other things. After class, the four Gryffindor first years stayed seated as the others filed out. Professor McGonagall was sitting behind a large mahogany desk at the front of the room, writing in a fairly battered book. Once the entire class had exited the classroom, the four boys led by James and Sirius walked up to the desk. McGonagall didn't look up. "If you are here to apologize for goofing off in class today, Mr. Potter, I will gladly hear what you have to say. Otherwise, I have a lot of work I'd like to complete before dinner tonight and would prefer not to be interrupted." She momentarily paused her writing, lifting her quill and waited for James' response. Sirius and Peter both turned to look at James, expecting him to take the lead with this new unexpected hitch. "Of course, Professor. I am terribly sorry about what happened. Your lectures are extremely important and not paying attention to them could have grave implications for my magical education and may even harm others if I miss-perform a spell," James apologized, his tone truly conciliatory. Sirius shot him a look having not expected the other boy to apologize and forego lodging a complaint like they'd planned. James, in turn, shot Sirius a look telling him to be patient. "I should have been listening to your lecture," James continued, "however I was distracted by a … personal problem. " James paused, searching for the correct word to describe his situation with Professor Strinkley. McGonagall, who had been looking at her notes in the aged book, finally looked up at the quartet in front of her. She lowered her quill and levelled them with a look encouraging James to continue. He took a shaky breath, falsely indicating his reticence to talk about the matter. "Well, you see Professor, it's about our Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Strinkley." "Yes, Mr. Potter, what about him?" James had to suppress a smile. He'd decided to appear reluctant to talk about it because he felt it would be more beneficial. If he was too eager, Professor McGonagall may not take his complaint seriously. However, reluctance showed that he didn't want to share it, didn't want to get Strinkley in trouble, but was compelled to talk about it because it was so important. And it seemed that his faux-reluctance was working. Professor McGonagall truly looked concerned, ready to help students in her house with whatever problem they were having. "Well, occasionally in class, he appears to favour the Slytherin students over the Gryffindors. Today alone he failed to help Peter, who was seriously struggling with his Shield Charm, in favour of praising Slytherins who could perform the spell exceptionally already." James then turned to Peter who nodded in confirmation. Professor McGonagall was quiet for several seconds. She looked at each boy and then sighed. Her concerned expression had disappeared. "Professor Strinkley is a respected professor at this school. He has been interviewed and vetted through an extremely rigorous process. He has also been teaching at this school for five years without issue. If you have a problem with Professor Strinkley, you need to speak with him about it. Otherwise you need to respect Professor Strinkley and treat him with the deference he deserves. "Now hurry along or you'll be late for your next class." She then levelled them with a look that made it clear that the conversation had ended. The boys bowed their heads and then shuffled off to their next class, Potions. James, though momentarily deterred, would not give up until Professor Strinkley was replaced. He'd just have to find another way of doing so. On Fridays, the first year Gryffindors last class was Potions. Next to Defense Against the Dark Arts, Potions was James' least favourite class. It was his worst class, though he wasn't complete rubbish. He could, if he took his time, follow the instructions and produce an acceptable potion. However, he could not do it quickly like other magical disciplines and his results were never at the same level in potions. Also, Potions meant Slytherins and having to watch Snivellus one-up everyone with his unnatural ability to quickly produce absolutely perfect potions. Every time it happened anger bubbled up in James' chest. He wanted to snap the other boy's wand in half or hex him into oblivion. He couldn't stand to be bested by the lowly, slimy Slytherin. "My, my, Mr. Snape," Professor Slughorn spoke as he circled throughout the classroom observing each student's attempt at the Forgetfulness Potion antidote. James had been carefully, meticulously following each step laid out in his textbook. He would not miss one or make a mistake. He had felt he'd been doing a pretty stellar job, even earning an approving smile from Slughorn. Then the potions professor arrived at Severus' table, and any sense of accomplishment that James had been feeling came crashing down. "Absolutely perfect! You even got it to the exact right shade of grey. Ten points to Slytherin!" Snivellus was finished his potion, an excellent one at that, and James was only on step ten of eighteen. In anger, he turned to Sirius beside him. "Snivellus' head is getting too large for his own good. We need to do something about it," James whispered. Sirius looked up from his potion and smiled at James. "I've got just the thing." On that particular Friday, the first years finally got their first flying lesson. This, of all the subjects and events, had been what had kept James going through terrible DADA classes and miserable Potions lessons. As the first years made their way down to the Quidditch field, James had a pronounced skip in his step. It also didn't hurt that Sirius had developed the most ingenious way to get back at Snivellus for upstaging both James and Sirius in Potions. This afternoon would be, in James' estimation, the best since he'd gotten to Hogwarts and been sorted into Gryffindor. James shot an eye in Severus' direction as the group picked their way across the grounds. The Slytherin stood apart from his housemates; the gap wasn't large, but still noticeable, and James made a note of it. Even amongst his peers he was an outcast. That was definitely an exploitable fact. Walking a few steps behind Snivellus and the Slytherins was Sirius. He had broken apart from the Gryffindors by honing in on a particular Slytherin girl, Moira Scott, who Sirius had met at Diagon Alley that summer. Sirius had explained that they had talked about Quidditch at their meeting, so talking to her at that moment, when they were about to partake in their first flying lesson would make sense. And it would provide him with the perfect cover to get close to Snape without raising suspicions. Sirius was, as discretely as possible setting up their revenge. James smiled at his friends and nodded slightly, encouraging Sirius along in his work. Finally, the first years arrived at the Quidditch stadium. Rows of brooms met them, set out ready for their first lessons. The brooms were all in different states, some pristine and brand new, others well-worn and poorly maintained. First years brought their own brooms, but if they were unable, a school broom was provided for them. The school brooms were of the poorest quality and clearly denoted whose parents could not afford brooms. James' broom was sleek and brand new, the fastest one on the market. He proudly walked up to the elegant broom as other students stared jealously. Both Remus and Peter had school-provided brooms, though by James' estimation they were two of the higher quality. Lily, with her muggle background, had a very basic broom; James made a mental note to educate the redhead about the different makes, models, and types of brooms. Sirius, James noticed, was carefully picking his way towards a splintering, dirty, ragged school broom. He had his wand in his hands and kept his head on a swivel, watching the other first years mill about in search of their brooms. "Mr. Black," a voice echoed through the crowd, "that is not your broom! Please pay attention!" Standing off to the side of the Quidditch field, looking quite full of himself was Karl Broadmoor, a retired professional Quidditch player recently hired to teach, coach, and referee at the school. Sirius gave Broadmoor a sheepish look of apology and slunk back towards his expensive looking broom. Once he was standing over his own broom, he shot James a smug look. 'Success!' "Good afternoon, first years. Welcome to your first flying lesson. Now, I'm sure many of you have been on a broom before, but many of you haven't. So, like many of your classes thus far, I will begin today by evaluating where you are. So, to begin, simply step up to your broom, place your hand above it, and clearly say the command 'Up!'" Broadmoor spoke to the class once they'd settled down a little. Everyone followed his instructions, some like James with more confidence than others. "Up!" James commanded and his broom readily arrived in his hand. Sirius' broom acted in kind. The pair then quickly turned to look at Severus. He was repeating the word 'up' over and over again, yet his broom refused to budge. Other students could get their brooms to at least twitch or hop up off the ground, but Snape's didn't move at all. James and Sirius began snickering. After twenty minutes, all the first years managed to get their brooms off the ground. Snivellus was the last one to accomplish it and it took a fair amount of coaching from Broadmoor. Next, the students were instructed to mount their brooms and gently push off from the ground to hover only a few inches. It was the same way James' father had first taught him to fly. Most of the students once again readily followed the instructions and quickly mounted their brooms. James and Sirius moved much slower than the rest of the students; their focus was much more squarely on Snape and his actions. He timidly mounted his broom, obviously not comfortable or competent on it. As soon as his foot hit the ground and he closed his legs around the broom, it took off across the stadium. The broom was not high off the ground; in fact, Snape was dragging his feet along the grass, trying to stop himself. When the broom reached the end of the playing field. It took off over the seats and up into the open air. The entire time, Severus was screaming at the top of his lungs. Broadmoor quickly mounted his own broom and took off after the slimy, screaming Slytherin. "Everyone stay put or it'll be detention for a month!" Broadmoor called from the air. As soon as their instructor was out of earshot, Sirius and James fell upon each other in peals of laughter. "Did you see his face?" James managed to get out. "Probably wet himself!" Sirius responded before the mirth overcame him. Peter quickly joined in with the laughter, though his wasn't as all-consuming as the other two. "Really can't trust those school-provided brooms. They're a bit touchy! Best to get your own, though his parents would have to sell the tiny shack they probably call home to even afford the most basic of brooms!" James ribbed. "What did you do?!" a loud, obviously concerned voice yelled. James, bent over as a result of his laughing fit, looked up to see an irate Lily. For a split second he felt bad for what he'd done. Not because he regretted humiliating and scaring Snape, but because of the look Lily was currently giving him. Her green eyes seemed to fill with flames and her brow furrowed so much that the space between them disappeared. Her hands were clenched at her side and James was momentarily worried that she'd hit him with them. "We were only enacting karma, Lily," Sirius responded, clutching his sides and smiling widely. "Well, it was cruel and unnecessary, and I will be informing Professor Broadmoor about it! You can't treat people like that!" Lily then turned on her heel and stormed off. James wanted to go after her but stopped himself. Snivellus had just gone shooting passed James' sightline and the messy haired boy was reminded of the hilarity of the situation and dissolved back into immense, side-splitting laughter. Served Snivellus right!
Chapter Eleven Snakes I'm like a snake sleeping on a rock. I won't bother you unless you poke a stick at me ~Harlan Ellison James was on a high. He had never felt so alive. Watching Snape careen around the Quidditch pitch with Karl Broadmoor chasing after him had been by far the most exhilarating thing James had ever taken part in. He was so keyed up that he hadn't even been able to sit still and eat dinner that evening. Instead, he had told his friends that he would meet them back in the common room in an hour and had gone off to explore the castle. He figured if he wandered around for long enough, he could wear off some of the excess energy that was coursing through his veins. He had been wandering around for about twenty minutes, but all he had managed to do was find a hidden passageway and make himself more excited, if that was even possible. With each step he took, he had replayed the events of that afternoon over and over again. If he was going to calm down, he would need to distract his thoughts as well as moving his body. 'I wonder when Quidditch try outs will be. Is there even an open position? I haven't heard anything about Gryffindor being short a man, so there probably won't be any try outs this year. I'll just have to kick butt at flying lessons and hope that someone graduates next year.' James thought as he paced through the hallway with the charms classroom. 'Sirius and I should definitely make this havoc wreaking a regular habit. It is great fun and a pretty decent way to practice the magic we are being taught. I know Dumbledore said that we weren't allowed to practice magic in the hallways, but if we're careful and people don't know that it is us that is doing it, we shouldn't get too many detentions. Though detention would be worth it if I could feel this exhilarated again,' James mused as he wandered past Transfiguration. As he walked passed the door to McGonagall's office, even though he wasn't breaking any rules, he tiptoed extra carefully in case McGonagall was alerted to his presence. 'Hopefully Lily won't stay mad at me for too long. I don't know why she's even friends with Snivellus. She can obviously do so much better. She'll eventually see just how slimy he is and then, I'm sure, she'll thank me for putting Snape in his place,' James imagined as he strolled along the Defense Against the Dark Arts corridor. He was starting to feel calmer and was considering returning to the Gryffindor common room and discussing making pranking regular with Sirius when the sound of whispered voices reached his ears. James quickly and quietly crept up the hallway to the corner. As inconspicuously as possible, he peaked around the wall. He saw Professor Strinkley, his expensive robes billowing around him as he animatedly discussed something with an older looking Slytherin student. James couldn't hear what the pair was saying because he was too far away, and he didn't want to risk moving any closer. There wasn't any coverage between where James was standing and the pair. However, the way that both Strinkley and the other student kept surveying the hallway made James suspect that they didn't want anyone coming upon them. It was all highly suspicious behaviour. The young Gryffindor would have loved to listen in for longer, but something seemed to spook Strinkley and he quickly grabbed the student's arm and pulled him through a door into what James assumed was either Strinkley's private quarters or an empty classroom that would provide them more secrecy. As soon as the door shut on the pair, James turned on his heel and ran towards the Gryffindor common room. He burst through the portrait hole and into the common room. His less than graceful entrance caused quite a few heads to snap in his direction. James ignored all the others and went straight to his friends collected in a corner. "You guys are not going to believe what I just saw!" he exclaimed as he plopped down next to Sirius. Sirius and Peter had been flipping through a Quidditch magazine, Sirius enthusiastically instructing Peter on the different aspects of each broom and what made one better than another. Remus had his nose buried in a textbook, reading up on what they would be learning in their next charms class. However, at James' exclamation, all three looked up from what they were doing and turned to their friend. "I was wandering the hallways, you know, trying to blow off some steam. I was walking through the Defence Against the Dark Arts hallways when I saw Strinkley talking to some upper-class Slytherin. It was a little strange because they were being super secretive, though there wasn't any need really. And then, when I came up, I hid but it was like they could still sense me or something and Strinkley quickly pulled the Slytherin into his office." Sirius and Remus were looking a little less than convinced. A professor talking to a student, even late in the evening and in a hallway, was not a strange occurrence in and of itself. However, the whole thing, with how they were acting, the general atmosphere, and the quiet, barely about a whisper, volume they were talking at, combined to create a sense that they were trying to hide it all. "Look. You had to be there, but it was totally suspicious. I think if we can figure out what is going on, then maybe Professor McGonagall will take our complaints about Strinkley seriously. He's a bad teacher and now he's doing something really shady," James continued, trying to convince his friend. "So, you want us to keep an eye on Strinkley?" Sirius asked. He still didn't sound convinced, but James was sensing that he might be willing to go along with it. There was a slight air of adventure and mystery surrounding it and that might be enough to persuade his friends to help him. "Yeah. We can pretend we're wandering the hallways like I was today and see if we can't catch Strinkley doing something again. If we get confronted by a prefect, we can just say we're going for a walk. They can't say we're breaking in rules, as long as we aren't spotted after curfew." "And maybe," Sirius spoke, his tone suddenly sounding more animated. "Instead of just wandering the hallways, we can practice some jinxes and hexes. The hallways are usually empty, but we might also be able to find someone to practice on, besides each other. It would be like getting two snidgets with one seeker." James liked his friends train of thought and agreed that they would do both things, spy on Strinkley and illicitly practice magic while they did it. "Maybe we'll even catch Snivellus while we're watching Strinkley as well. It wouldn't surprise me if those two slimy snakes are working together, even though I didn't see Snape tonight. Both of them are no good," James added, imaging the revenge he could continue to inflict on Snape. "Did you see the look on his face? Almost looked like he was going to start crying or something!" James exclaimed; his voice filled with mirth. Peter eagerly nodded, looking up at James with pure admiration. James was standing on his chair, his chest puffed out with his hands on his hips. Sirius stood next to him in a similar pose. "I'd say this was the best one yet. Definitely got the best results!" Sirius chimed in. The four Gryffindor first years were gathered around a table in the library. They were supposed to be working on a paper for Charms, but James and Sirius had quickly gotten distracted. "Awesome!" Peter squeaked out. He shot a look across the library towards an empty table. Only moments before, Snape had been seated at that table. His presence had distracted James and Sirius, and they quickly decided to play a prank on the solitary Slytherin. They'd first discussed amongst themselves the focus that Snape had towards his work, mostly said he might set his work on fire because of it. That had acted as their spark of inspiration and a plan quickly followed. As inconspicuously as possible, James pulled out his wand and aimed it at Snape and his table. He then cast a spell that set his work on fire. Immediately, it brought the librarian upon the boy who had been startled by the sudden appearance of flames at his table. The librarian put out the flames, then yelled at Snape for practicing such dangerous magic in the library. Snape was kicked out and left with his head hung low, his lip quivering. James and Sirius dissolved into uncontrollable laughter at the plight of Snivellus. It had been two weeks since their first prank against Snape and, in that time, James and Sirius had continued to antagonize him. They'd sent his books flying through the halls. They'd jinxed his hair to drip grease. In Potions, James had switched Snape's crushed leeches for lacewing causing his potion to emit a dark, pungent smoke. "Maybe next time you'd like to try something, Peter. Or maybe even you, Remus?" James spoke, trying to goad his friends into playing a larger role in their pranks. Peter paled. James knew that his friend wasn't as naturally talented at magic as Sirius and he were, but he still believed that Peter could prank just as well. All he needed was a confidence boost and an opportunity to show his skill. "I think I'll pass. It all seems a little – cruel. What did he ever do to you?" Remus responded. A few minutes passed in which James noticed Peter staring down Remus. Then, the quiet, mousy boy spoke. "What did you have in mind for our next prank?" Peter asked, trying to quash his trepidation. A few mornings later, the four Gryffindor first years sat at the table. It was early morning and the rest of the Great Hall was eagerly consuming breakfast. Peter appeared too be far too nervous about what was about to happen, and could only stare at the warm, good smelling food. James felt dismayed for the boy and tried to make him feel better, tried to help him settle his nerves. "Relax, Pete," James whispered in his ear. "It's a simple tripping jinx. Not difficult magic at all. And you've already nailed it in practice." James nodded in the direction of Sirius. They boy was sitting across from them, shovelling food eagerly into his mouth. His right eye was a dark shade of purple, a result of tripping into the corner of his bed during a practice session. "Ready, Pete?" James asked, removing his hand from Peter's leg and turning to the entrance of the Great Hall. Snape had just entered. It was now Peter's time to shine. He pulled out his wand and pointed it in Snape's directions. Peter then waited for his target to draw closer. He tried to conceal his wand, to not draw suspicion to himself. James and Sirius were experts at it, but Peter was nowhere near their skill level in concealing their wands and their illicit spell work. Finally, when Snape was close enough, Peter cast his jinx. Snape's legs became jelly, causing him to topple forwards. His face landed in a large vat of scrambled eggs. When he righted himself, he had eggs sticking to his face and in his hair. The students around him began to chuckle and laugh at the Slytherin's predicament. Peter, Sirius, and James quickly joined in, knowing that it wouldn't draw any unwanted attention to them after others had laughed first. "Ehhem, Mr. Pettigrew," a stern voice spoke over his left shoulder. Peter turned; his wand still clutched in his hand. Standing behind him, looking at him in such a way that let him know he was caught, was Professor McGonagall. "A word, if you would." Peter had his detention after classes that day. He had been called to Professor McGonagall's office. James, who had already experienced two detentions with the Transfiguration professor, was pretty sure that Peter's detention would consist of writing lines about the importance of rules and not practicing magic outside of the classroom. Finally, after being gone for about an hour, Peter slunk out of Professor McGonagall's office. His head was hung low and he looked dejected. James wasn't sure why he looked so sullen; detention was annoying, but it really wasn't that terrible to write lines. James made a mental note to ask Peter about it later, but for now he was focused on raising Peter's spirits. "For he's a jolly good felon! For he's a jolly good felon! For he's a jolly good felon, which nobody can deny." As soon as Peter walked into the hallway, James and Sirius belted out the song. Extremely off key. Peter flushed red at the attention. James and Sirius quickly embraced Peter in a friendly hug and began patting him on the back. They showered Peter with praise and adoration as they dragged him of down the hallway. Peter only continued to flush. By the time the trio had arrived back at Gryffindor common room, Pete's head was held high. James had succeed in raising the boys spirits and making him feel proud about serving detention. Detentions were the mark of a true prankster and if Peter wanted to be a part of it, he would need to get used to detention. Both James and Sirius had already received detentions for their pranking; it was a rite of passage. As soon as the trio walked into the common room, they were accosted by an angry, young, red haired girl. Lily Evans. She'd marched over to the foursome (Remus had been sitting at a table in the common room when James, Sirius, and Peter had arrived). Her facial muscles were taut, and her brow was pinched together in a truly terrifying expression. "Really now Peter!" Lily exclaimed as she drew close enough to be heard. She spoke just above a whisper, a result of her clenched teeth. "I'd come to expect this asinine behaviour from James and Sirius, but I thought you were better than this! Severus has never done anything to you, expect maybe best the 'great' James in Potions. Leave him alone!" Peter's face flushed. James had been on the receiving end of quite a few angry rants from the fiery Lily, but Peter was not used to such assaults. He slunk back down, negating all of the work James and Sirius had done to build him up only moments before. "Oh, it's all in good fun. I'm sure Snivellus is busy working up a way to get back at us as we speak, Lily. Trust me, he's not as innocent as you think he is," James responded confidently. "Besides, that was some really stellar magic that Peter conducted, and he should be proud of what he was able to accomplish!" James clapped the other boy on the back. Lily huffed in annoyance and then turned on her heel and stormed up to the girls' dormitory. Marlene, Lily's friend and another of the first year Gryffindor girls, levelled Peter, and James, Sirius, and Remus as well he suspected, with a withering glance before following as well. Marlene and Lily hadn't known each other outside of Hogwarts but, much like James and the other boys, the two girls, as well as the other girls in Gryffindor, had all bonded. It looked like Marlene would now be backing Lily up on all her fights. However, the prospect of having multiple girls yelling at him would not be enough to deter James from pranking Snape. That was something that James would not voluntarily remove from his ever growing to do list.
Chapter Twelve The Crowning of Kings One can survive anything nowadays, except death, and live down anything, except a good reputation ~Oscar Wilde "We meet again, Mr. Potter. Mr. Back. This is becoming quite the routine. One we definitely need to stop recreating." Professor McGonagall spoke, disappointment seeping through her every word. It was now late October. James and Sirius had only been at Hogwarts for two months. Yet, in that time, the pair of them had accumulated a combined total of a dozen detentions. Most of them were for pranks on Severus Snape, though the pair had begun to branch out in their malicious spell casting. They'd also been punished for goofing off in class and in the library. On that particular occasion, James had gotten bored of studying in the library. No matter how much he tried, goblin rebellions were just not interesting enough to captivate him for long enough to compose a foot of parchment on them. So, to help reinvigorate him and keep himself going for the next few hours, he'd decided to make the nearby pile of books begin to fly throughout the library. They'd just begun learning about the levitation charm and James wanted to see how far he could push his skill. Sirius quickly joined in and before long they were having textbook races throughout the stacks in the library. Needless to say, Mister Herbert, the librarian, was none too pleased with them and had instantly contacted Professor McGonagall to come and deal with the pair of them. "Sorry, Professor McGonagall," James spoke, his tone sorrowful and apologetic. He did feel bad about inconveniencing her. As head of Gryffindor house, she was responsible for their punishment and was forced to enact it every time the pair was in trouble. "That remains to be seen," she responded, clearly not believing James' apology. "Perhaps tonight's detention will act as a hindrance the next time you two choose to perform unsanctioned magic. Follow me." James hung his head low, ashamed by the admonishment from the professor. He and Sirius slowly followed her out of the Transfiguration office and classroom. The trio wound through hallways before finally coming to stop in front of a small wooden door. "This, gentlemen, is the storage room for all brooms in the school. It contains all school-owned brooms, as well as several belonging to students. Your task tonight is to clean all of them, as well as mend any school brooms that you find in disrepair. To make this more memorable, you will complete it all by hand. Without magic. "Your wand, Mr. Potter. And yours, Mr. Black." Professor McGonagall held out her hand, and the boys reluctantly obliged. She then turned and left the broom closet, informing the boys they could retrieve their wands once they'd completed their task. James turned to look at what exactly they'd need to do. McGonagall had, thankfully, not expected the boys to do the task actually by hand and had provided them with a fairly rudimentary broom repair kit, a bucket with soapy water, and sponges and scrub brushes for them to do their cleaning. That being said, there had to be at least 150 brooms in the closet. It was not going to be an easy task, whether done entirely by hand or not. "This is going to take all night!" Sirius exclaimed, a look of sorrow crossing his regal features as he looked into the rather large broom cupboard. "Well, at least we'll get to stay out passed curfew and not get in trouble for it," James responded, trying to sound as cheerful as possible in spite of their situation. He then pushed up the sleeves of his robe and dug into the nearest bucket, ready to start what was most definitely their worst detention yet. "Halloween is a week away," Sirius suddenly spoke one day as the foursome lounged in the Gryffindor common room. It was a week since James and Sirius had spent four hours in the school broom closet, and they'd been maintaining a relatively low profile. James had felt bad about what they'd been doing to Professor McGonagall and had turned down a lot of Sirius' propositions. Plus, he was still facing broom-cleaning flashbacks and really didn't want to see what Professor McGonagall would come up with next to top their last detention. James had told Sirius that they should stop for the time being, at least until they could look at a broom and not feel absolute revulsion at it. "I've heard Hogwarts throws quite the celebration. They decorate the Great Hall and have this amazing feast," Remus spoke, responding to the comment without looking up from the paper he was writing. He was the only one of the four who was engaged in productive schoolwork. "Yes, that. But also, I've read that on Halloween, muggles will often perform acts of mischief and trickery. I thought, since it's been a while since we did anything, we could graduate to a big event on Halloween. Perpetuate the muggle tradition?" Sirius looked right at James as he spoke, obviously looking for his approval. James and Sirius were a team; they pranked together. If James turned him down, then Sirius' plan would fizzle out. James was quiet for several seconds, focused on his attempts to transfigure a couch cushion into a teddy bear. It was a spell he'd discovered in the back of his textbook and was difficult because of the size of the object. James was determined to master it before Christmas break. He was also mulling over Sirius' words. He had seen the muggle children of the nearby village wandering around on the night of Halloween before. They'd all been dressed up. Some as strange beasts like a green figure with bolts in his neck. Some as more recognizable, if slightly distorted beasts, like vampires and werewolves. Some as strange figures with capes and masks. And even some as witches, though James had never seen a green skinned, wart covered witch. Then, as the evening got later, older boys and girls would emerge from their homes and commit acts of vandalism and the like. The old church in town had been covered in toilet paper on more than one occasion after Halloween. As James reminisced about some of his observations of the mischief that the teenagers of Godric's Hallow got up to a smile crossed his face. "What did you have in mind?" James finally asked. The itch that compelled him to perform acts of mischief was getting harder and harder to resist. Plus, the possibility of performing something large, of having his name known throughout the school, was extremely enticing. "Well, first, we need to find out where the kitchens are located." In the week leading up to Halloween, James, Sirius, Peter, and even Remus began scouring the castle. In fact, it had been Remus who had divided it into quadrants and assigned each person one to look for anything that could possibly point to the kitchens. Then each night, the boys would meet up and debrief. The skinny boy had insisted it would be more productive for them to search on their own. Plus, it would attract less suspicion than if they went as a group because, on their own, it would be easier to pass of their reconnaissance as simply being lost in the large and unfamiliar castle. James had instantly seen the brilliance in this plan and praised Remus accordingly. The other boy had momentarily flushed red, but then got right back to explain the quadrants to the others. While James searched for the kitchens, he was also looking to see if he could run into Professor Strinkley acting suspiciously again. He hadn't come across the Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor acting strangely since that first day in early October, nearly a month prior. And he was having similar results with his kitchen search The first two nights of searching for the kitchens all four had nothing to report. They'd searched a significant portion of the castle and came up empty. James was starting to feel a little frustrated and disheartened. Hogwarts castle was expansive. It easily housed the several hundred students that passed through each year, as well as the staff and countless elves that maintained the castle. On top of that, James suspected that there were several hidden passageways and entryways, and that there may even be some magically concealed rooms. It could take a lifetime to search out every inch and nook and cranny. Then finally, on the third day and with only four to go until the Halloween feast, things seemed to turn around for them. When they met up that night, each of the four of them had large wide smiles on their faces and a sense of triumph emanating from them. "I think I've been quite productive today," James began the meeting. He was lounging in one of the armchairs of the common room. "I managed to follow a house elf who was carrying some dirty dishes through several hallways. Unfortunately, I lost him when I was stopped by a Ravenclaw prefect asking what I was doing heading up to Ravenclaw tower. What about everyone else?" James just shrugged off his failure and turned to look at his friends expectantly. Surely, their exuberance could only mean good things. "So, the kitchens may be near Ravenclaw?" Sirius asked from his similar position on an armchair opposite James'. "They could be, or the elf was just cleaning up Ravenclaw tower. We'll just need to keep looking." Despite the lack of real progress that James had made, he remained optimistic. There had yet to be a problem that he couldn't resolve; he had not thus far in his life come to an insurmountable obstacle. If they just kept up their work, they would eventually find what they were looking for. Sirius nodded at James words before sharing his piece of news, "I found two secret passageways in the west towers of the castle. One of them leads to the library and the other could easily shave off two minutes between Transfiguration and Charms. This castle has so many secrets! I know it's not helpful on the hunt for the kitchen front, but I still think it's useful information." As Sirius spoke, Remus wrote on a piece of parchment. "Definitely helpful. Anything that can help us shave off transition time and give us more time for pranking is information we can use!" James returned. "I found something like that," Peter piped in. Before Sirius had spoken, Peter had looked anxious, excited but also concerned. After Sirius had spoken, Peter lost all traces of concern. Now, he just looked excited. "On the third floor, behind one of the statues, is a passageway that leads outside the castle. I still don't have anything on the kitchen-" "I do!" Remus suddenly exclaimed, cutting Peter off. It was the most animated James had seen him. He was nearly jumping out of his skin waiting for his change to speak. "Go on," James prodded after Remus was quiet for several seconds. After his outburst, Remus had returned to the piece of parchment and jotted down a few notes. When James spoke, Remus sheepishly looked back up. "Sorry. Right. Well, I started by coming up with a list of possible locations that the kitchen could be. It, logically, should be near the Great Hall, and most likely under it since that is where the food appears from. So, that house elf you saw was probably just cleaning up Ravenclaw tower." Remus looked at James self-consciously, obviously not completely comfortable with having to let the messy haired boy down. James, for his part, was outwardly unaffected. His pride was a little hurt that Remus seemed to believe that he was wrong, but he pushed that aside. If Remus had actually found the kitchens, then James could handle his bruised pride. "Today, " Remus continued after it was clear James wasn't upset, "While I was searching around the dungeons, I saw a few house elves scurrying around and followed them, hoping they would lead me where I wanted to go. I was in luck and they headed back to the kitchen, even showing me how to get through the hidden doorway! I wrote it all down here, along with what Sirius and Peter discussed. "I thought it might come in handy later to know where these things were located." Remus added, nervously rubbing the back of his head. He seemed very uncertain about the whole thing. James burst out into a wide smile. "Brilliant!" James exclaimed, reaching out for the paper to examine it further. "This will definitely come in handy later. Now, about how to get into the kitchen." The Hogwarts Halloween feast was absolutely spectacular. For the magical community, the muggle holiday of Halloween was a big deal. After the International Statute of Secrecy, the celebrations of All Hallows Eve allowed the magical community the opportunity to come out of hiding for the day. Now, with the changing theme of celebrations, the holiday didn't afford the same freedoms, but the magical community still put a lot into the celebrations. The Great Hall was decorated with traditional fall decorations like leaves and various squashes. There were jack o' lanterns throughout the room, each one carved with a unique face. On each of the tables was one of the largest feasts James had ever seen. It was almost as large as the going away extravaganza his mother had cooked before he left for Hogwarts. It smelled delicious, looked amazing, and James couldn't wait to dig in. "Good evening," Dumbledore spoke from the middle of the staff table, "Today, we celebrate the ancient holiday of Halloween, a significant holiday for the magical community. Enjoy the good food and company tonight. Forget about your schoolwork and other worries for the evening and just enjoy! Bon appetite!" With his short speech over, Dumbledore sat down and motioned for all those gathered to start feasting. James, Sirius, Peter, and Remus readily obliged, as did the rest of the student body. The Great Hall quickly filled with the sounds of forks and knives contacting plates and the light hum of conversation. "This roast is almost as good as my Mums! She'd always cook roast on the days we were celebrating something. Birthdays, anniversaries, holidays that weren't Christmas. On the morning before I caught the train here, she made me this big going away breakfast feast and she even cooked a roast for that!" James eagerly discussed life at home in between bites of roast, potatoes, and various steamed vegetables. "My mum would rather talk to a muggle than cook for us. Any and all food that is made and prepared in our house is done by the house elf. The food here is so much better than what I'd get back there." Sirius shuddered at the memory of his elf-prepared food from back home. "But this food is prepared by elves?" Peter asked, lowering his voice to a whisper. He was obviously unsure if that piece of information was something he should know, and if knowing it could get him in trouble. "Yes, but this food is made by happy elves who enjoy their work and know what they're doing. Not the freakishly loyal, obsessed creatures my mother keeps." Sirius punctuated his speech by popping a piece of potato into his mouth. "My mum's a really good cook too. Except not with anything this fancy. I do love her cooking, but it's really nice to try some of these finer dishes. Most of what we eat at home is simple soups made with vegetables from the garden or the basic meat and potatoes sort of fair." Remus spoke. James was a little surprised at the openness of Remus' comments. Over the past two months, the skinny boy had begun to spend more and more time with the other Gryffindor first years, and he'd eagerly contributed to the planning and execution of that evenings' prank. But he still kept his home life, his private life, fairly secret from the others. James was constantly going on about life with his parents, and Sirius would join in with his complaints. Peter would occasionally comment about his family, but Remus never said a word. To have him opening up now was a good sign for James. "Sometimes the simplest food can taste the best," Sirius commented, "Kreacher, our house elf, attempts these really fancy, really convoluted recipes to try and impress my mother and he always fails. What I wouldn't give for a simple vegetable soup instead of a rancid duck d'orange!" Sirius popped another potato into his mouth. As he did so, the serving platters of food disappeared and were replaced by platters filled with desserts. A glint quickly developed in Sirius' eye. Once again, people quickly began digging into their desserts. There was a large selection but the most prevalent, and the most popular, were the pumpkin pasties. Nearly everyone in the Great Hall dug into them eagerly. Suddenly, a concerned yelp went up from someone in the Hufflepuff table. Students turned to see what was going on. One of the upperclassmen had gone a truly awful puce colour. His companion, the one who had shrieked, had quickly run around to the back of the now purple boy and began trying to dislodge whatever it was that was turning his friend purple. It was obvious that the one boy thought his friend was choking. However, the purple Hufflepuff was not chocking and, when he tried to explain this to his worried friend, his words came out in gibberish. "Flag flum flor flo!" the purple boy tried to explain. His friend, caught off guard, stopped his actions and simply stared. Then, someone from Ravenclaw also shouted out. "Percy! You're turning purple!" Like a slow ripple, cries began to fill the room as more and more people turned purple. Then, much like the Hufflepuff, when they tried to speak, all that would come out was intelligible speech. "We've been pranked!" a high-pitched voice echoed above the gibberish. Instantly, everyone began to panic, unsure of what had caused the colour change and loss of speech. Some of the people, those who had not been afflicted, began to chuckle then all out laugh at the predicament of their comrades. As the gibberish began to be overtaken by peals of laughter, James, Sirius, Remus, and Peter smirked at the chaos they'd induced. This was their biggest prank yet, the most complicated with the biggest payoff. Seeing it all come to fruition was highly satisfying. However, their moment of triumph and victory was short lived. The professors quickly began taking control and searching out the perpetrators. Professor McGonagall in particular was homing in on the four male Gryffindor first years. Others followed her lead. James and Sirius were quickly establishing a reputation for pranking. Now that this one had occurred, the boys were their prime suspects. When the professors showed up at the Gryffindor table, however, they found James, Sirius, Remus, and Peter all purple-coloured and speaking gibberish. Not perpetrators, but simply more victims. It was an ingenious way to cover their guilt. None of the professors, except Professor McGonagall, now believed that the four were responsible. They'd gotten away with it, their first major prank. They were, in that moment, practically invincible. Now, all that remained for their crowning as prankster kings to be complete was for a rumour of their involvement to being to circulate throughout the student body. Once the students' knew who was responsible, and the staff unable to concretely prove it, they would be royalty.
Chapter Thirteen Onto the Pitch; Into the Air Sports do not build character. They reveal it. ~John Wooden Whispers followed them around wherever they went. In the hallways, in classes, at meals, even while they were working in the library. Ever since the Halloween feast, it seemed that all the school could talk about was the prank and the fact that four first year Gryffindors had been the ones responsible. James and Sirius were taking this newfound fame extremely well. They were walking throughout the castle with their heads held high. Their gait had even changed, becoming more arrogant and self-assured. All the talk about their exploits made the pair feel like kings. Peter, as well, was really enjoying the attention, though he didn't show it as outwardly as the others. His meek nature only seemed to allow him to internally revel in the attention. Remus, however, was less than enthused. In fact, he seemed to be pulling away from the other three. James was a little worried, but this wasn't the first time that Remus had pulled away from them. A few weeks ago, James had noticed Remus getting sicker and sicker and with each day that passed; and as Remus got sicker, he seemed less and less inclined to spend time with James, Sirius, and Peter. Remus wouldn't sit with them at meals or in class. He would quickly run away to the library whenever they had a moment of free time and if anyone tried to follow him, he would disappear within the stacks. James had gotten so worried that he was about to confront Remus about his behaviour when the other boy seemed to get over his sickness and his aversion to his fellow first years. This time though, Remus separation wasn't sickness related, at least not that James could see. Maybe, James thought, Remus wasn't as big a fan of the spotlight as the other boys were. Hopefully, though, he would come back to his friends like he had before. About a week after the prank, and Remus' isolation, James was fed up. He had worked hard to befriend the sandy haired boy and now it was all being thrown away because of a little school-based infamy. James didn't think that was a good enough reason. That night, as Remus stood from the Great Hall dinner and headed off to the library, James told Sirius and Peter that he would meet them in the common room later. James then stood and, as sneakily as possible, followed Remus. He didn't want the other boy to know that he was following him lest it lead to a disappearing act. James wanted to confront Remus, but he didn't want to have to search him out first. They arrived at the library and James took a table a few away from Remus and behind him. The other boy would only notice James' presence if he fully turned around. While James was observing Remus, he began to overhear a fairly loud whispered conversation from a few tables over. Instantly, James' attention was captured, and he momentarily forgot about his mission to speak to Remus. "Them?" A sixth-year Ravenclaw girl at the table beside James whispered rather loudly, "but they're only first years!" Almost as if with a sixth sense, James knew the two girls were discussing the prank he and his friends played. He turned from Remus to the two girls and continued listening in to their conversation. "That's what Lucille told me. She overheard several guys talking about it. One of them saw the four of them sneak into the kitchen the day before!" her friend responded, equally as loud. "I don't believe it! That magic was far too complicated for first years!" the first Ravenclaw spoke again. James felt his chest puff and his head swell. Here was two sixth year girls, girls who had much more experience with magic than he himself had, in a state of disbelief at what he, Sirius, Remus, and Peter had managed to pull off. It was a compliment that went straight to his head. "Maybe they have some secret hidden talents or something. I'm just saying that that's what Luce told me!" James continued to sit in his spot, soaking in the praise that was being lavished upon him. He had completely forgotten about his reason for coming to the library in the first place. His mind was completely filled with himself and his exploits. James' year at Hogwarts was going absolutely fantastically. The only thing that could make it better would be Quidditch and the first game of the season was only a few days away. The month of November had dawned cool and crisp at Hogwarts. Frost hung in the air and the threat of snow was omnipresent. The castle was heated with magical flames, but as James and his friends quickly discovered, the fires were only in used sections of the castle. Little travelled hallways and hidden passageways were frigid. The weather put a damper on the boys' extracurricular explorations of the castle, but definitely not on their spirits On the morning of the match, the first sunny day in a week, James woke up before the sun. He was far too excited to sleep a minute longer. Today would be the day he would finally see a Quidditch match at Hogwarts. He had gone to professional Quidditch games before, quite a few times, but there was something extra special about the match at Hogwarts. Maybe it was the fact that James was pretty sure he was only a short year away from actually being a member on the team at Hogwarts, unlike a professional team. Sirius woke up about an hour after James. He was likewise as excited as James. The two passed the hours until it was time for breakfast eagerly, a little loudly, discussing the different moves and plays they might see that day. Their exuberant conversation quickly woke Peter and Remus and all four boys began talking about the game. It seemed, much to James' pleasure, that everyone was looking forward to today. "Alright, gents. It's time we head down to the pitch! Want to make sure we get really amazing seats!" James exclaimed when it was finally time for breakfast. He then stood from his bed, wrapping his red scarf around his neck and leading the boys out of their dorm room. A pudgy dark haired Hufflepuff named Donald Karlson announced Quidditch games at Hogwarts. He had a deep, animated voice perfect for calling matches. James suspected that he'd end up in radio one day; he had that type of voice. Karlson began the match by commenting on the weather conditions and the fact that this rivalry, the Gryffindor-Slytherin one, was deep-seated and long-standing. It was simple, colour commentary type stuff. Finally, the two teams walked onto the pitch. The flying instructor Karl Broadmoor followed behind. He was wearing referee robes and carrying a Quidditch ball trunk. Everyone down on the pitch prepared for the start of the match and, after completing the traditional pre-game routines, Broadmoor released the Snitch and the Quaffle and the game began. "Young third year chaser for Gryffindor, Vincent Price, has the Quaffle. He expertly weaves through Slytherin's defence. Wow, that bludger was close! Excellent broom work, Price. He passes to Longbottom –that's Frank Longbottom, Gryffindor prefect- who positions for the goal… and it's good! Ten points for Gryffindor!" Karlson announced, his voice rising and falling in excitement to help amplify the mood of the crowd. James was vibrating. He was leaning far over the railing, almost like he was trying to get onto the pitch. He had to remind himself that he would get there soon enough, and it wouldn't be by launching himself from the stands. He took a step back and watched the rest of the game, trying to contain his pure excitement. "And another goal by Cornish! That makes the score 60 to 10 for Gryffindor!" Karlson exclaimed into the megaphone like contraption that projected his voice throughout the crowd. All those rooting for Gryffindor erupted into cheers and screams of joy. It was only about fifteen to twenty minutes into the game and already Gryffindor was up by 50 points. They were absolutely dominating Slytherin. "Slytherin is just absolutely imploding! It's like they've never even flown before!" James screamed joyfully. It looked like a few of the members of the Slytherin team had never flown before. Their keeper, a huge hulking player, kept dropping feet below the goal posts he was meant to be guarding and then had to fight to regain and retain the altitude that he needed. Also, two of the three chasers seemed slightly confounded. They dropped the Quaffle a few times and flew in slightly the wrong direction. It was, on the whole, fairly subtle but James, having watched several Quidditch matches, quickly picked up on it. 'Maybe,' he thought, trying to explain it, 'Maybe Quidditch at Hogwarts is significantly below the professional level. Or at least in Slytherin house.' That thought made him smile. Slytherin sucking at Quidditch was fabulous news. "And Cadwallader scores for Slytherin! 20 to 60 is where the score stands now. The Quaffle is quickly back in play and in the hands of Slytherin's most senior player Bulstrode! Bulstrode passes to Cadwallader. Cadwallader dodges a bludger sent his way by O'Donnell. That was nearly on target! Cadwallader is being charged by Gryffindor chasers Longbottom and Cornish and quickly passes the Quaffle to Bletchley who shoots and… it's good! 30 to 60!" Karlson's commentary quickly drew James from his observations of the Slytherins and back into the game. Whatever he had seen in the Slytherin players only moments ago was gone and they seemed somehow rejuvenated. Something about the whole thing seemed off, smelled fishy, and stuck in the back of James' mind, but he was too invested in the game before him to really worry about it too much at that particular moment. For James' first Quidditch game at Hogwarts, he had been treated a crazy, topsy-turvy game. Just when he thought he knew the outcome, something came around and changed his mind. It was a truly exhilarating game. In total up to that point, James and the other Hogwarts students had witnessed sixty minutes of Quidditch. The first 20 to 25 minutes had been a game of near total Gryffindor domination. They scored six times in that period of time and Slytherin's players looked like they were asleep. Then something changed. Whatever had been going on with Slytherin in that first part of the game stopped and Slytherin turned their game on high. Quickly, the score switched; Gryffindor gave up their lead and then some. After an hour of play the score was 150 for Slytherin, 70 for Gryffindor. The previously celebratory Gryffindors now sat in stunned silence and the Slytherins became loud and boisterous. They sang songs that mocked various Gryffindor players and verbally ribbed players and fans alike. The turnaround was extremely drastic, and James felt he could no longer ignore his thoughts from before. Maybe the Slytherins who appeared confounded actually were, hindering their game. Then the spell had worn off and the true abilities of Slytherin shone through. But that seemed crazy to James. This game, in the grand scheme of that year's Quidditch Cup, was minimally important. So, there wasn't really an incentive to cheat in this game. But still, something felt wrong about it. "Uh oh! It would appear as if Bulstrode's broom is malfunctioning! Mister Broadmoor has called a pause to the game play as this matter is sorted out," the announcer, Karlson spoke, his voice surprised, but not necessarily concerned. Bulstrode's broom was acting as if it was trying to throw him off. It would jerk violently right then violently left. It then dropped straight down for several hundred feet before quickly righting itself. Someone had obviously jinxed his broom. "What's this? Now the Slytherin keeper, McNair can't seem to control his broom! And there goes Bletchley! Nice figure eight, though!" As Broadmoor had gone after Bulstrode and his malfunctioning broom, the other members of the Slytherin team lost control of their brooms one after another, like dominoes. The keeper's broom returned to the dropping action that it had been doing previously, but much more exaggerated. Bletchley, one of the Slytherin chasers, looked like he was performing some sort of aerial ballet, with flips, figure eights, and other intricate manoeuvres. Then Cadwallader's broom began flying at top speeds toward the stands and the spectators before quickly veering off at the last moment. "That looks like the same spell you and Sirius put on Snape's broom during out first flying lesson," Remus whispered to James as they watched Cadwallader be dragged along by his broom. It seemed Remus wasn't the only one to make this observation; whispers quickly erupted in all sections of the stands from first years and then older students. People then began shooting James, Sirius, Remus, and Peter looks like they thought those four may have had something to do with it all. As well, whispers began to spread that maybe the Gryffindor team or Gryffindor students had jinxed the brooms. This second set of whispers combined with the first set and even more stares and glances were shot in the first years' direction. James slunk down in his seat. He enjoyed the whispers when they were positive, about fun and joking pranks he had pulled, but when they were about real misdeeds that he hadn't even done, he really hated them. After twenty minutes, Broadmoor was able to get control of the brooms. Because the jinxes that had been placed on them were unknown, they couldn't be completely removed. Professor Strinkley had volunteered to take the brooms and carefully examine them, but the Slytherin team insisted on continuing the game and on their own brooms. So, Professor Strinkley performed a quick blanket anti-jinx on the brooms and the game continued. It was absolutely devastating. Despite the occasional jinx-related glitch with the brooms, Slytherin dominated Gryffindor. The game lasted for another thirty minutes, and the final score was 400 to 100 with the Slytherin seeker, and team captain, Alectus Warrington, catching the snitch. As soon as his hand had closed around the small golden ball, the other Slytherin players were thrown from their brooms. Headmaster Dumbledore acted quickly enough to slow down all the thrown players so that not one of them was injured. As soon as the students gently landed on the pitch grass, Professor Strinkley seized their brooms to determine what, and possibly even who, had jinxed the brooms. Mister Broadmoor corralled the Gryffindor players, the obvious culprits. The jinxing had only really begun to occur after Gryffindor started to loose. Slowly, Professor McGonagall, head of Gryffindor house, and Professor Slughorn, head of Slytherin house, made their way down to the pitch to oversee the situation. Then, all the students in the stands were dismissed. As they all filed out, the only topic of conversation for every single student was what had happened and whom they thought was responsible. "That was so crazy! Someone jinxing the whole Slytherin Quidditch team? And then Cadwallader's broom behaving exactly like Snape's? Crazy! I wonder who would have done such a thing?" Peter mused and exclaimed, obviously excited about all of the events. "Not sure, Pete. Sort of looks like us, so maybe we should talk later. In private. I mean, we didn't do anything here, but best to not discuss it so openly," Sirius responded. James, who had been unnaturally quiet, seemed to agree with Sirius' statement and the four didn't say another word as they made their way through the stands, and down towards the ground. About halfway between the castle and the stands, Professor McGonagall stood off to the side, observing the stream of students. She looked at James, making direct eye contact with him. It was obvious to James that she wanted to talk to them. The four slowly began making their way towards the professor. "Professor?" James spoke, making his address a question about what she wanted. "Mr. Potter. Mr. Black. A word, please. Alone," her words were short, her tone clipped. It was obvious she was upset. James felt himself pale as he realised that he and Sirius were about to be blamed, or at the very least looked at extremely carefully, for the events that had just occurred. "Of course, Professor," James responded, moving to follow her into the castle. Remus and Peter stood rooted in place watching their friends leave.
