Word Count: 485 If he's honest, Harry hates himself for being so weak. He wakes, bolting upright and drenched in a cold sweat. It takes several seconds for his heartbeat to slow to a normal rate and for him to register that he's in his bedroom, that he's safe. He's had the nightmares for more than a decade. Those lost in the battle haunt him, chasing him down crumbling castle corridors and demanding to know why he didn't save them. He never has an answer; all he can ever do is beg for forgiveness before waking up with a panic attack With nothing else to do, he climbs out of bed. Ginny is still sleeping. Good. At least she can be oblivious to his demons. The last thing he wants is for someone to worry about him. He makes his way to the kitchen and grabs a bottle of firewhiskey from the cabinet. It's reserved for special occasions, but Harry sometimes uses it as a way to numb the pain. He doesn't drink enough to mess himself up, just enough to take the edge off. "Nightmares again?" Ginny asks as Harry takes his first sip. He looks up, frowning. "I thought you were asleep." His wife shakes her head and sits across from him. "I'm just good at being really quiet," she tells him. "I used to pretend to sleep so I could eavesdrop on my brothers." Harry snorts. "Are you sure you weren't a Slytherin?" It isn't enough to distract her. Ginny turns the conversation back to him, and Harry tries not to be resentful. "I know it was hard on you. The fact that you're alive is a miracle." He knocks back his drink, relishing the burn as it goes down. He doesn't want to talk about miracles. It's all anyone has seemed to want to talk about over the past twelve years. He knows how lucky he is. He knows they look at him as the savior of the wizarding world, and they still worship him like he's some sort of god. He knows and he hates it. What about Fred or Remus or Colin? What about any of countless people who have died? It isn't fair that he's alive and they aren't. Harry never asked for this. And just like that, the tears begin to fall, and he realizes how bloody tired he is. Tired of nightmares. Tired of guilt. Tired just being Harry Potter, the Boy Who Lived. Ginny's arms are around him in an instant. He didn't even see her get up. The glass falls from his hand, shattering on the kitchen floor, but neither of them move to pick up the shards. "It's okay," she tells him. "It's going to be okay." He isn't sure if he believes her, but he wants to so badly. Harry rests her head against her chest and takes a deep breath. They'll find a way.
Word Count: 313 Seamus appears in the doorway, clad in his dark blue pajamas. He yawns and rubs his eyes. "Dean, come back to sleep. It's the middle of the night, and I can't sleep without you." Dean knows that isn't quite true. There have been plenty of times he's found his boyfriend sleeping so deeply that a parade couldn't even wake him. He doesn't point this out though. Instead, he just smiles. "Sorry," he says. "I have a lot on my mind." He sets his pencil down, studying his drawing. Seamus' face peers up at him from the page, rendered in granite. He's always loved drawing Seamus. While on the run during the war, it was the only thing that made him feel halfway sane. "Not getting cold feet, are you?" Seamus asks. Dean laughs. Cold feet. He wonders if Seamus knows exactly how ridiculous that is. Cold feet implies someone is having doubts or concerns, but Dean definitely isn't. He can still remember being eleven years old and realizing he loves his best friend. He's never been more certain about his feelings for anyone or anything. "You actually want to marry me?" Dean finally manages looking away from the sketchbook and focusing on the real Seamus in front of him. Seamus laughs like Dean has told the funniest joke and makes his way closer, sitting next to Dean and resting his head on his shoulder. "Of course I want to marry you. I wouldn't have asked it I didn't." Dean sighs, and the relief he feels at that reassurance is honestly ridiculous. He shouldn't doubt Seamus' love. They've been through so much together, and they are unbreakable. "Are my eyebrows really that thick?" Seamus asks, tapping his finger against the sketch. Dean chuckles. "Was drawing from memory," he says, kissing Seamus' forehead before climbing to his feet. "Come on. Let's go back to bed."
Word Count: 460 She hates it here, but she does not complain. At the end of the day, she would walk through hell if it meant seeing her husband. Truth be told, Azkaban is close enough to some miserable pit of eternal damnation. Narcissa shudders as she is lead deeper through the prison. The Auror guiding her along has assured her that the Dementors will not harm her, but that doesn't help. Their chill still sinks beneath her skin, penetrating her bones and freezing the marrow within. She pulls her cloak tighter, quickening her pace. "You know the rules," the Auror tells her without looking at her for her confirmation. "Be brief." Narcissa rushes to the bars, a flood of relief washing over her. Lucius no longer looks like her Lucius. His hair is tangled and has lost its shine, there's stubble on his face, and the dark circles under his eyes give him the look of a dead man. Still, despite it all, he is still here. It's a small, almost bitter hope. She doesn't even realize silent tears have been falling until her eyes begin to sting. Narcissa wipes them away, her lips forming a smile. "Lucius…" He smiles at her. It isn't the warm, radiant smile she knows and loves; his chapped lips crack, making him wince, but she can still see the happiness in his eyes. Narcissa is his only source of joy anymore. "Cissa," he says fondly as he climbs to his feet. His movements are slow and stiff, and she can see how each step pains him, but he moves closer until he reaches the bars. "It has been far too long." It's been less than a week, but she doesn't tell him that. Azkaban can mess with the mind. She can't even imagine how close he is to breaking. "Everything will be okay, my love," she tells him. She can't go into detail. Truthfully, she knows so little, only the few scraps of information the Dark Lord has offered her. She knows the Death Eaters in Azkaban will not be forgotten. While, for the most part, that news is terrifying, it gives her hope to know Lucius will come back to her. "We're going to be a family again," he agrees, reaching through the bars and taking her hand. And just like that, it's over. The Auror rushes in, quickly separating the two of them and reciting the prison's no touching policy. Narcissa wants to push the woman away, but she keeps her head held high. No need to cause a scene. Things will look up soon enough. "Until next time, my love," she says. As she walks through the prison once again, she is so alive with hope that she barely notices the chill anymore.
Word Count: 385 "Am I dreaming?" Lily bites back a groan and tries to focus on her chocolate-dipped raspberry and coconut ice cream cone. James Potter is just an unfortunate inconvenience. She doesn't have to entertain him. Seemingly oblivious to the fact that she's blatantly ignoring him, James sits in the seat beside her at the counter. "Chocolate and marshmallow sundae, please," he says, placing his money on the counter. "Extra cherries." Florean Fortescue nods. "The usual," he chuckles before setting about making the sweet treat. James returns his attention to Lily. Lily stares pointedly at her cone. If she ignores him, maybe he'll go away. "Tell me, Evans, what are the chances that you and I would both happen to be in this ice cream parlor today?" "Since it looks like half the school is getting their shopping done today," she says, "I would guess pretty likely." She hates herself for talking to him. As soon as the answer has left her lips, she waits for the fallout. James will assume she's interested in having a conversation, and nothing she says will convince him otherwise. "I dunno, Evans," he says. "Diagon Alley is an awfully big place. If you ask me, we were destined to run into each other." "Or, more likely, you followed me around and decided this would be the best spot." "You wound me." Lily frowns. He doesn't seem to be trying to go out of his way to annoy her. That's new. "What will it take for you to let me buy you lunch?" he asks. "Not today, since you've undoubtedly ruined it with ice cream. Tomorrow?" What's with this change? She isn't used to seeing him soft like this. Where is his arrogance, and why is he looking at her like that? She wishes he would stop. It makes her want to give in. "I'm busy tomorrow," she says. "How about Wednesday?" James grins, and the arrogance is back in his handsome features. "Splendid! Wednesday is perfect. I promise you won't regret." He jumps from his seat, clapping victoriously as Florean brings his sundae. "She said yes!" Lily watches, fighting back a smile. Maybe, at the very least, it will help James get this silly crush out of his system. Deep down, though, she has a feeling that Wednesday will change everything.
Word Count: 358 Slipping away without notice is easier than Walburga would have guessed. Her father usually likes to keep a close eye on her, even though she's seventeen and grown. When the opportunity arrives, she steps into the crowd, easily getting lost in the sea of people until she reaches Flourish and Blotts. Her family isn't around. She wonders if anyone has noticed her absence yet. She will have to be quick. She enters the bookstore, waving away the assistant who hurries to greet her. Her mother has already collected her books for the school year. For Walburga, there is something much more interesting hidden within the aisles. "You're late," Druella says, lips pursing as Walburga approaches. Walburga shrugs. "Between my father and your future husband watching me, you're lucky I made it at all." Her lover doesn't like that. Future husband. Walburga remembers the day the engagement was officially arranged. Perhaps it isn't her brother's fault, but she has yet to forgive him for taking the only person Walburga has ever loved. "Yeah, he's not the choice I would have gone with," Druella says, bitterness saturating her words. "He's a brute, and I would much rather have someone less… male." Walburga nods, unsure what to say. Her own engagement has been arranged as well. There isn't a way for them, except running away together. It's tempting, but she isn't sure she can bring herself to do it. In the end, she has to be a good daughter and do what is expected of her. "I love you," Walburga whispers. Druella smiles at that. "I love you more." "There you are!" Cygnus hurries forward, dark eyes narrowing in annoyance. "I was lost," Walburga says simply. "I came here because we need books." "Mother already got those for you." He doesn't even spare Druella a glance. He is just as reluctant to marry her as she is him. "Come along before Father gets angry." Walburga has no choice but to follow along. Still, as she allows her brother to lead her from the shop, she smiles. Her time with Druella is always short, but she wouldn't trade it for the world.
Word Count: 435 Regulus wonders how Rabastan always manages to find his little hiding places. By now, it's hardly a surprise when his smoke breaks are interrupted by the older boy's intrusion. Today, when the classroom door opens, he doesn't even look up. "That's honestly a bit rude," he says, exhaling a puff of smoke. "And that's a disgusting habit." Rabastan nods at the cigarette in Regulus' hand, his lips twisting into a scowl to emphasize his disdain. "Do you kiss your mother with that mouth?" "As if my mother knows what affection is," Regulus says dryly. He may be his mother's favorite, but that doesn't mean the feeling is mutual. "What do you want?" Rabastan sits across from him, resting his elbows on the tabletop. "Your neutrality is a bit concerning." "My what?" "It's obvious that your brother has chosen a side in this war. Where do you stand?" Rabastan asks. The question catches him off guard. Regulus does not have the same luxury his cousin has. Narcissa can remain neutral because those closest to her are not. But Regulus? Regulus has to make his own choices, and he hates it. He wants to remain neutral. That isn't an option. It's become even more urgent now that Sirius has been disowned. All eyes seem to be on him. "Why do you care so much?" Regulus asks. Rabastan snorts. "Merlin, you really are a bloody idiot." Regulus scoffs. The last thing he needs is a Lestrange casting judgment on his intelligence. He avoids responding by taking another drag. "I fancy you, stupid," Rabastan says. Regulus chokes on his smoke, his throat suddenly dry and burning, eyes watering. He pulls out his wand and manages to croak Aguamenti, sipping from the thin stream that erupts from his wand tip. "You what?" "How was it not obvious?" Maybe it is. It would explain why Rabastan always seems to be around him. "I want to protect you," Rabastan says silently. "Join the Dark Lord with me." Why is it so tempting? Regulus doesn't truly believe in the Death Eaters' cause. Truth be told, he doesn't care either way. But there's something far too appealing about being by Rabastan's side. Maybe there's a part of him that has always wondered what it would be like to be with him, but he's always pushed them away. A Black has no right to think about such things. Now, the words fall so easily from his lips, and he speaks them without doubt. "I will follow you," he says. He doesn't believe in the cause, but it doesn't matter. At least Rabastan will be there.
Word Count: 518 "I'm closing up," Rosmerta says, keeping her back turned when she hears the door open. She silently scolds herself for not locking up sooner. "I don't suppose you can serve a disgraced former Minister, then." Rosmerta turns. A hint of a smile tugs at her lips when she sees Cornelius standing there. He's had his fair share of struggle and scandal, but she's always happy to see him… More happy than she would ever like to admit. "I can make an exception," she decides, waving her wand. The door locks, and she summons a bottle of Ogden's Icegin. "You know me too well, my dear." Rosmerta prepares the drink and serves it before leaning against the bar. She waits in silence. It has been far too long since she's seen him. His resignation was announced three months ago, and she thinks that's around the last time. "You're judging me." She wants to deny it, but she can't quite bring herself to do it. "Perhaps." He looks up, eyes narrowing. "What was I supposed to do? Do you think I wanted You-Know-Who to be back?" He takes a deep swallow of his drink. "I had it under control." She wonders how he can be so stubborn. His stubbornness is exactly what's lead to all of this. If he hadn't spent his time trying to discredit Albus Dumbledore and Harry Potter, things could be different. But what does she know? Who is she to try and act as an advisor. It doesn't matter that she was a Ravenclaw and top of her year, or that she has spent years listening to people discussing the most intricate workings of the political system. She is still a barmaid, and no one cares what she has to say. "I swear your pride will be the death of all," she says. "It very nearly could have been." "It was a mistake." His voice is soft, barely audible. Cornelius quickly drains the last of his drink. "It was a mistake, but how could I admit it? What would people think?" She snorts. "If you wanted everyone to adore you, politics was not the right career path." "Not everyone," he says, looking up. "Just you." She feels a lump in her throat and quickly swallows it down. How did they get here, from his mistakes to… this? "Another glass?" she asks. Cornelius laughs and shakes his head. "Is it really that hard for you to accept?" "I never said it was hard." She shrugs. "Just unexpected. I'm not even sure how to respond." "Dinner is a good answer," he says. "Though, truth be told, I understand if you wouldn't want to be seen with someone like me." Rosmerta sighs. She's always admired him, though she would never have admitted it. In those days, he was a powerful man, and she was a woman who was easily overlooked. "I can have Henry tend the bar tomorrow night," she tells him. "Dinner sounds lovely." Cornelius' eyes widen as he searches her face, seeming to look for a punchline. Finding none, he nods. "I suppose it's a date then."
Word Count: 432 Remus comes out of the shower, clothed and with a towel wrapped around his wet hair, singing softly under his breath as he enters the kitchen. Breakfast is ready and waiting for him. It isn't anything special, but Sirius makes an amazing toast and egg plate. "You always do that," Sirius says, scribbling something on a piece of parchment. "Do what?" "When you come out of the shower, you're always singing that sad song." Remus snorts. He doesn't understand why Sirius is so bothered by it. While Remus doesn't have the most amazing singing voice, he isn't terrible. Maybe it's the song choice, but Remus will not change his tune. "Look." Sirius pushes the parchment forward. "Here is an itemized list of thirty years of disagreements." "Sweet Merlin." Remus rolls his eyes. He doesn't even bother to look at the list. "We haven't even known each for thirty years. We're only eighteen!" Sirius shrugs. "Yeah, maybe, but that's not the point. Come on, Moony. We've been dating for two years. Are you really telling me I don't do anything that annoys you?" That isn't the case at all. Remus could easily list thousands of things that his boyfriend does that annoys him. Just the other day, he climbed into bed while wearing sweaty, smelly socks and didn't seem to understand why Remus didn't want to cuddle. But there's a difference. Remus deflates slightly. "I would never keep a bloody list of your bad habits. I knew you were flawed when we started dating," he says. "I love you, even if you do things that annoy me." Sirius laughs, causing Remus to frown. What could possibly be so funny? He'd meant every word of what he said, and it hurts that Sirius would actually laugh at that. "Read the list." Remus scowls. "I don't want to." "Quit being a stubborn bastard and read the damn list," Sirius insists, and he gives Remus that smile that is so hard to resist. Remus picks up the parchment, eyes scanning over the messy words. "'Can't hug me when he's in werewolf form. Falls asleep early so I can't stay up talking to him all night.'" And the list goes on like that. Silly things that have nothing to do with him. Remus blushes. "You… don't hate my singing?" "Of course not! I just needed an excuse to show you this." Laughing, Remus sets the list aside and moves closer, wrapping his arms around Sirius. "Oops." Sirius leans in, pressing a quick kiss to Remus' lips. "You really think I'm flawed?" "Shut up and kiss me again."
Word Count: 346 "What's this?" Ron asks when the numbers on his wrist begin to glow with warmth, drawing his attention to the fact that they're nearly at a zero. "What does this mean?" But he already knows; his mind just has trouble wrapping around the possibility that, at age eleven, here at Hogsmeade station, preparing to cross the lake to the school for the first time, he might meet his soulmate. Sure, over the past week or so, he's thought the countdown looked strangely close to the end, and he knows his parents met in the same way, but it's still so much. "How much longer?" Harry asks? "Twelve… eleven… ten…" He thinks he might pass out. What if he meets her, and she hates him? "Six…" "Five," a girl's voice says. "Four… I can't believe it's happening." Ron looks up the moment his countdown ends, and his heart skips a bit. Finding his soulmate is one thing. Learning that she is absolutely beautiful and has the warmest smile is something else entirely. He takes a deep breath, still trying to make sense of this revelation. "I'm Ron," he tells her. "I think I'm your soulmate." "Lavender," she says, tucking her honey-blonde curls behind her ear. A soft blush paints her cheeks. "It's nice to meet you." Ron doesn't know what happens next. Are they supposed to fall in love instantly? She's lovely and all, but he doesn't even know what that sort of love feels like. Should he kiss her? He's never done that before. Why don't they tell kids these things? It would make this so much easier. If Lavender is having the same difficulties, she doesn't show it. Instead, she reaches out and takes his hand. "You can sit with me in the boat, if you'd like." She offers Harry a smile. "Your friend can come too." As they walk away from the station, Ron glances down at their hands. The zeroes on their wrists, so close that they're almost touching, is all the proof he needs. He has found the girl he's destined for.
Word Count: 508 She's done. As the music begins in the reception hall, Lily can't help but smile. She is officially Lily Potter. She removes her veil shoes, setting them at hers and James' table before walking around the room, chatting and accepting congratulations and advice. Her smile doesn't last long. As she stops to chat with Alice and Frank, something outside catches her attention. Regulus is there, leaning against a tree, visible only by the moon's milky glow and the red ember in his cigarette. "If you'll excuse me," she says, nodding to her friends before walking off. She catches her husband's arm. "I'm going for a quick walk," she tells him. "Just need to clear my head." James grins before kissing her forehead. "Hurry back. I'm afraid Sirius might beat us to the cake." She offers him a smile, wondering if it looks as flimsy as it feels. With that, she turns and walks out, careful to keep her pace slow and steady. If anyone suspects something is wrong, they will pursue her, and this is not a conversation Lily wants to have right now. Out of sight of the guests at the reception, she moves with an angry urgency. "You slimy toad!" she snaps. "What the hell are you doing here?" "I come in peace." Regulus talese one last drag from his cigarette before dropping it to the ground. "I wanted to see you." She laughs. "You are the worst, Regulus." He doesn't seem to hear her. Well, more likely, he doesn't care. He just smiles at her. "You make such a beautiful bride. Then again, is that surprising? There isn't anything ugly about you." Her eyes flicker to the visible Dark Mark on his forearm. "I wish I could say the same about you." It's what has lead to this. In the end, she couldn't save him from the call of darkness. He made his choice; she made hers. Love was not enough to save them. Regulus steps closer. "Tell me you don't still love me, my sweet flower," he says, reaching out and ghosting his fingers down her neck. She bites back a moan, closing her eyes. James doesn't touch her like this. She would never doubt her husband's love, but he loves her in a softer way. Regulus was the one to bring out the fire and passion in her. She opens her eyes and steps away. Yes, she still wants him, but that's exactly why she needs to get away from him. Giving in to this desire can only end in tragedy. "Goodbye, Regulus," she says. She doesn't wait for his reply. She turns and walks away, taking a deep there will always be a part of her that longs for him, but it doesn't matter. They have chosen their paths. Nothing can change that. "You okay?" James asks. Lily throws her arms around him, holding him close and kissing him fiercely. She doesn't care that people are watching. She has to get Regulus out of her head. "Better," she tells him.
Word Count: 504 Andromeda lingers outside the little tea shop, praying for the courage to to inside. Ted is in there; this is as public as they've ever dared to be. With her final days at Hogwarts swiftly approaching, it feels like her destiny is unrolling before her eyes, waiting for her to take the first step. She takes a deep breath. Why did Ted have to choose Madam Puddifoot's? The place is a nightmare. Still, if they're going to make their intentions known, she supposes there's no better place. Couples only go to the cozy, obnoxious place if they want the world to know. She steps inside, all her anxiety leaving the moment she sees Ted. Her lips tug into a grin, and she hurries forward, taking a seat across from him. "I took the liberty of ordering for you " he tells her. "Earl grey, two sugars, with a raspberry scone on the side." She smiles. "You know me too well." "I should hope so. It's been two years, Andi." She laughs at that, shaking her head. It feels like longer. Maybe it would be longer, but they always had to worry about her sisters. Not that it matters anymore. Even with Bellatrix gone, Narcissa can still see them and write home. Andromeda doesn't care. Let her family find out. She has made her choice, and nothing will make her change her mind. "What are you thinking about?" Ted asks. "I love my sisters more than anything in this life," she tells him. "I always put their happiness before my own, and it feels strange to put myself first for once." He reaches across the table, taking her hand. There's something soft and kind in his eyes that almost breaks her heart. Relief? Maybe that's it. Maybe there's a part of him that's worried she wouldn't choose him. "You're sure?" Andromeda nods, laughing softly. "I've never been more sure about anything." "Good." He swallows dryly and gives her hand a squeeze. "Because I… I love you, Andi. So bloody much. I don't have a ring yet. My mum is trying to get in touch with my aunt to see if she will let me have Gran's ring." Ring. Of course Andromeda understands why he would need a ring, but her mind still struggles to comprehend it. "I want to marry you," he says. She doesn't have to think about it. "Yes," she answers without even a second's hesitation. And as their tea and scones arrive, Andromeda can't shake the feeling that everything is about to change. She had planned to start a new beginning today by admitting her feelings for Ted to the world. Now, it's gone so far beyond anything she could have ever imagined. Maybe she should be terrified. Her parents will find out, and she knows her father will be all too happy to blast her from the tapestry. She isn't afraid. If she has to make sacrifices to achieve her own happiness, so be it. She has Ted. Everything else can wait.
Word Count: 323 Note: I really hate dialogue only, but points are points. "Join me, Alice. If you do, we won't have to keep this a secret anymore. Won't that be nice?" "Bella…" "Oh, don't look at me like that! Can you really say you're surprised? Your skill is inimitable! No one could ever challenge you. You're exactly what the Dark Lord is looking for." "You know what I believe." "I know. But you have to understand that you're making a mistake! The Dark Lord will reward you. What will resisting get you?" "A clear conscience, for one. I just… Shit!" "Are you okay, my love?" "I'm fine. The lighting startled me." "If you joined me, Alice, you would never have to be afraid of a storm. You would be able to share my bed and fall asleep in my arms every night." "Are you telling me you can fight lightning now?" "Funny. Now you're just being deliberately obtuse." "Bella…. I don't know why you're still pushing this. I cannot sacrifice my morals!" "Not even for love?" "If you truly loved me, you would not ask me to." "This is the only way we can stay together. Once we leave Hogwarts and I take the Dark Mark, you and I will be enemies if you don't join me! Do you honestly think I want to face you on battle, Alice? Do you think I want to have to worry that you're going to get yourself killed by being so bloody noble?" "Then why not choose a different path? Just because you're expected to follow him doesn't mean you have to. Choose for yourself." "I… Well, I don't really know how. My parents… They've always planned everything for me. It's always about them. How can I choose something else when I know following the Dark Lord will make them proud?" "What about you? What about your happiness?" "I like it when you hold my hand like that." "You can choose something else." "I… I choose you, Alice."
Word Count: 519 Royalty!au Marlene still can't quite comprehend the sight before her. In her three years as the royal family's Healer, she's never seen anything like this. Sure, she's saved Prince Regulus from a poison plot, and King Orion is alive because she managed to heal his wounds after a spear incident while hunting, but this one is something else. Prince Sirius is on the table, unconscious. There's a trail of blood coming from his hairline, and a fork has found it's way into his hand. "Do I even want to ask?" Prince Regulus shrugs. "Our cousin and her husband are visiting. My brother never did care for Baron Malfoy. They quarreled over dinner." His lips quirk into a small smile. "You ought to see Lucius." "This won't take long," she assures him. "You're free to wait outside." The prince doesn't need further prompting. With one last glance at his brother, her turns and walks away. At least the wounds are simple enough, even if the circumstances are not. She makes quick work of it. The bleeding around his hairline is easy to mend, though he already has a nasty knot forming. The fork is a little harder, but at least it isn't too deep; she gets it out and cleans it, relieved that it won't cause nerve damage. She quickly fixes a concoction of herbs and holds it under his nose. Prince Sirius blinks awake and grins at her. "That bastard must have killed me. How else do you explain the presence of an angel?" Marlene rolls her eyes. She's heard stories of how smooth the elder prince is, though she's never experienced it for herself. Instead of commenting, she says, "Your brother is quite loyal to you. He brought you in and has been waiting for you." "Oh, if you only knew." Sirius climbs to his feet, still grinning. "It was actually his idea." "What was?" His grin stretches so much that Marlene is afraid he might strain a muscle in his jaw. He looks so proud of himself too. "Everyone knows Lucius has a ferocious temper. Just a little poke and nudge, and having Regulus ready to pull me out before I got killed! Mind, I did ruin dinner." Marlene blinks rapidly, trying to comprehend it. She shakes her head, a nervous laugh bubbling from her lips. "Are you telling me you deliberately got stabbed?" "Well, that was a bit of a surprise. As was being struck with a dinner plate… Bad timing, I suppose." "Why?" He closes the distance between them, though he still gives her spade. "I was hoping you would do me the honors of having breakfast with me in the morning. There's a beautiful spot by palace lake." She laughs again, stronger and more genuine now. She's read romance novels about men getting up to absurd antics in hopes of winning the girl's heart, but she never thought she'd actually witness it. Moreover, she never thought she'd be the girl or that her admirer would be a prince. Logic tells her to send him on his way; books tell another story. "I would love to."
Word Count: 338 Orion swallowed dryly, pausing to look in the window of a shop. He doesn't actually care for the gold mask which promises to curse any home it ever hangs in, and the dust that streaks the window and gives the store a grey appearance is nauseating. Still, he doesn't want to look Alley has a reputation for catering to a certain type of people; he doesn't need to draw attention to himself. "Bit of a dreary meeting place, wouldn't you say?" He sees Tom's reflection in the shop window, and his heart flutters. Orion turns. The other boy is clutching Orion's letter. Orion tries to speak, but words fail. His tongue suddenly feels too thick, too heavy, and he can't remember how words work. Tom simply smirks. "Take a walk with me." Obediently, Orion follows. Truth be told, he would follow Tom to the end of the world without hesitation. He doesn't know why. It isn't as though he is attracted to men, but Tom is special. His eyes seem to always pierce Orion's defenses and leave him utterly helpless. "I must say I was surprised," Tom tells him as they walk along the alley. "I have never received a love letter." Orion's cheeks burn. It was such a foolish thing to do. Is Tom mocking him now? He can't be sure; the other boy's features are stony and impossible to read. "You know I can never love you back, don't you?" "You could pretend." Orion hates how pathetic the words sound. He wants to say something better, but he's at a loss. Tom pauses, causing Orion to do the same. "And why would I do that?" What does Orion have to offer that Tom could want? As a Black, he has gold and influence and power, but that would crumble if his parents ever found out. Individually, Orion has nothing. Except… "Loyalty. Undying and unquestioning loyalty," Orion says. Tom considers this in silence for several moments before nodding. "I believe we could make that work."
Word Count: 533 It happens in a flash. One moment, Paulette, the latest Welsh Green baby, has her full attention on Charlie. Feeding time is always the easiest time to distract them. For the briefest of moments, the dragons aren't concerned with anything other than the free meat. Then there's the faintest sound, and Paulette changes. Charlie barely has time to register the aggression in her posture before lunges, fire streaming from her mouth. Heart racing as he realizes she's attacked someone, Charlie acts as quickly as he can, sending up a distress signal before doing everything in his power to subdue her. Dragons aren't easy. Even baby dragons are trouble more often than they aren't. Paulette loses interest quickly enough, and the fear fades. She huffs and returns to her plate of meat. Charlie rushes over to the fallen man, swearing under his breath. Of course it would happen to Malfoy. Even if he's grown up now, Charlie has heard enough stories about the little jerk. What's to keep him from trying to have the sanctuary closed down? "You… You saved me," Draco says, sitting up with some difficulty. Charlie frowns. It's a good thing Paulette is so young. Draco will have a few light burns, and his robes will be mended, but it isn't a big deal. At least the younger man is a Healer, so he already knows how to tend to his own wounds. He's already digging for burn paste in his robes. "Right." Charlie nods. "I'll just leave you to it." "Weasley, wait!" Charlie pauses, brows raised. It isn't like he and Draco talk, so why should they start now? There's nothing to stop him from just walking off, but curiosity gets the better of him. "Yeah?" At first, Draco doesn't speak. His attention is fixed on the thick paste as he rubs it on his skin. The silence begins to feel tense after several seconds of it. "I… Well, I was actually coming out to ask you if you were busy Saturday." This day just makes less and less sense. Talking is one thing; does Draco actually want to hang out? Maybe Charlie should tell him no, but there's something endearing about the hope in Draco's pale eyes. "Nothing planned, other than my usual morning stroll." Draco nods, pale cheeks glowing a soft pink. It seems strange to think that this is the same arrogant git Ron and the twins hated so much. His arrogance seems to be a thing of the past. Charlie has only ever seen him like this: vulnerable, uncertain, human. "Would you like to get coffee with me?" Draco tucks the burn paste back in his pocket before examining his already-healing burns. "As… Well, as a date?" The rejection is on the tip of Charlie's tongue, but he doesn't see a reason to let it out. Draco isn't the same person his brothers knew. Why should Charlie base his decision on a man who doesn't even exist anymore? Maybe he's still rough around the edges and learning to grow, but he has always been kind to Charlie. Besides, he would be lying if he said Draco isn't attractive. Charlie grins. "Noon sound good?" "It's a date."
Word Count: 404 "You cheated," Albus says, folding his arms over his chest as the screen overhead displays a giant X to signify a strike. Scorpius laughs before reaching down and grabbing the red bowling ball. "Am not," he says. "You're up." Albus frowns. It really isn't fair. How in the world could Scorpius be good at a Muggle activity like bowling? Albus had hoped to bring his boyfriend to the bowling alley Aunt Hermione has taken him to in the past, and spend the evening impressing him with his skills. As it happens, Scorpius is a natural, and Albus is trying so hard not to be bitter. "I think they have nachos at the concession stand," Scorpius says, licking his lips. "Mind if I grab some?" "Do whatever you want," Albus says with a sigh. "I'm super dead." Dead doesn't quite cover it. Albus has bowled too many gutter balls for comfort. He's done this thousands of times; just last week, Rose and Hugo came with him so he could perfect his game. Now, he looks like an amateur. With a heavy sigh, Albus sends the ball across the line in a blur of red. The pins fall in a way that leaves Albus in need of a split. Not that it matters. Scorpius is too far ahead of him for it to even matter. "Everything okay?" Scorpius pops a cheesy nacho into his mouth as Albus retrieves his ball. Albus starts to deny it, but he remembers what Aunt Hermione has told him countless times. Bottling things up inside is bad. He needs to be honest. He returns the ball. "I just wanted to impress you," Albus admits. Scorpius' brows raise. "Impress me? You brought me here," he says. "Have you seen this place, Al? It's amazing!" That isn't quite what Albus meant, but it helps. Part of him had been afraid Scorpius would laugh at this sort of place. What sort of Malfoy would willingly come here? But Scorpius actually likes it? Maybe Albus has done something right. "Tell you what," Scorpius says, eating another nacho. "Loser buys dinner." "There's only two left," Albus says dryly. "And you have nachos!" "Dessert?" Albus rolls his eyes. "Dessert," he echoes in agreement before grabbing the ball again. Maybe he still hasn't found something he's better at than Scorpius, but it's okay. In the end, they're both happy and living their best lives. What more could he ask for?
For Sophie Word Count: 549 It's hard to control his fury. Why does it have to be like this? In the final battle, he had spared the girl. In a moment of weakness, Barty had taken pity on her. He could have easily dealt the killing blow. Instead, he scooped Luna Lovegood into his arms and ran. It's been three years since that day. The Dark Lord is victorious, but Barty can not enjoy it. Though his former master had spared Barty from the Dementor's kiss, Barty would no longer be welcome in his ranks. Because of his moment of kindness, he is an outcast now. And it's all for nothing! Luna has run away in the middle of the night. With a growl, Barty points his wand at a canvas. With a quick incantation, Luna's painting ignites. It is reduced to ash within seconds. He doesn't really make a conscious decision to leave the little cabin. His feet seem to move on their own, carrying him outside. The cool mountain air does nothing to calm his nerves, but the change of scenery is nice. "Don't worry, little friend. I won't hurt you." His heart flutters at that soft, dreamy voice. Shame and guilt twist his insides as he realizes Luna hadn't run off. Once again, he had lost control; he isn't sure how to fix this mess now. That painting had been very dear to Luna. Swallowing down the dark feelings, he follows the noise. Maybe he shouldn't be surprised to find Luna on the mountain path. She is like a wild bird who cannot be caged; her heart belongs to nature. As he gets closer, he sees that she's talking to a snake. An amused grin pulls at his lips, and he shakes his head. She seems so fond of fearsome creatures. The fact that she fell in love with him is proof enough. "I think it's time to go," he says. She looks up and smiles. There's a simple in her left cheek that is noticable when she smiles like this. It makes him love her a little more. "Go?" "Home with me," he says with a soft laugh. "Where you belong." "Home," she echoes, nodding and climbing to her feet. The snake slithers away. "Are you okay, Barty?" She moves closer, reaching for him. He never meant to fall in love with her. An act of mercy wasn't supposed to lead to this. Likewise, she wasn't supposed to love him back. The fact that she's stayed is a miracle. "I'm fine," he tells her, taking her hand in his. She purses her lips and tilts her head to the side. Her wide eyes move over him, studying him intently. Barty hates it when she looks at him like that. It makes him think she's looking into his soul. "There are Wrackspurts around your head," she says simply. "They only do that when you're upset." He still doesn't know what to make of her Wrackspurts. While Barty doesn't believe in them and never will, Luna only ever claims to see them when he has a lot on his mind. Maybe it's a coincidence; maybe it's something else entirely. All he knows is that she is here, and relief floods his body as he pulls her closer. "Doesn't matter. Let's go home."
Word Count: 440 Amelia doesn't actually see the altercation. She's in her office when she hears the shouting. Within moments, she receives word that one of her Aurors is being examined by a mediwitch. And the other… John walks into her office. His lip is busted, and there's a thin trail of crimson going down his chin. He grins. "My love, take your time. I'll see you on the other side." "I'm going to send you to the other side," Amelia says, exasperated. "What happened?" He shrugs. Amelia doesn't believe the denial for a minute. John is a good Auror with a level head on his shoulders, not the type to get into silly fights in the office; he knows exactly what happened but doesn't want to tell her. She pinches the bridge of her nose and sighs. "You know I can't show favoritism, right?" she asks. "Just because you and I are…" She trails off, drawing her wand and quickly healing his damaged lip. She doesn't want to talk about what they are. Not out loud. Not here. "You're both going to face disciplinary action." "That's fair." John touches his lip. "Am I going to live?" "You're too annoying to die." "Pretty sure that's not a compliment." She grins. "It's not. Dinner tonight at your place or mine?" "Mine." "I'll see you then." … John pours himself a glass of firewhiskey as Amelia sits, plucking a sliced peach from the bowl and nibbling it. Dinner was wonderful, as always, but this is what she looks forward to the most. The fire crackles in the fireplace and the house is mostly silent, save for the small noises that every old house has. "Are you going to tell me what the fight was about now?" she asks, wiping her fingers on her baggy beige jumper. "What fight?" he asks innocently. Amelia rolls her eyes. Whatever caused it must have been bad. John is always open with her about everything. "Stubborn," she says, affection clear in her tone. He just smirks. "I don't know what you're talking about." With a shrug, Amelia snuggles closer, eyes closing. There's something about John that has always made her feel safer. "Just don't make a habit of getting into fights. You're an Auror," she reminds him. "You're meant to be an example." John leans in and kisses her forehead. "I thought we agreed not to bring work home." She opens her eyes, lips twisting into a devious grin. "I thought you liked it when I bossed you around." "Only in the bedroom." Still grinning, she climbs to her feet and grabs his hand. "Then let's end our date there."
Word Count: 381 Luna Lovegood is still one of the world's greatest enigmas. Theo is reminded of this as he walks into the kitchen of their flat, box of pizza in hand. His girlfriend of two and a half years has left what looks suspiciously like on the table and counters. It leaves behind a damp mark on the wood. "Do I even want to ask?" He nudges some of the lettuce away from the edge of the table, clearing off a small space and setting the box down. "Or am I better of not knowing?" "Praxtackles," Luna says, as though that's enough to explain it. Theo doesn't know what Praxtackles are or whether Luna is trying to summon them or ward them off. Luna is strange and odd, but he has learned to accept her. The fact that he's in love with her only seems to make it easier. "Right," he says before digging in his shirt pocket and extracting a chocolate bar. It has dried cherries and candied walnuts, and it's Luna's favorite. "I got you something." Luna accepts it. Smiling brightly, she peels away the pink wrapper. "You think I'm insane," she notes, breaking off a brown square and popping it into her mouth. "I never said that." She raises her brows. Though she doesn't say anything, Theo understands. He rolls his eyes. "That was one time!" he insists. "And I said you were eccentric." "Daddy says that's just a polite way of saying insane." Theo clears his throat. If he's honest, he used to think that way. Over the years, he's grown up and learned to be more accepting. Now, eccentric is just a word, just a Luna word. "I can be eccentric too. I believe in what you believe. Ya know… Faith, trust, and pixie dust." Luna laughs softly and sets her chocolate bar next to the pizza box. She moves closer and pulls Theo into a hug. "You don't, but that's okay. It would be boring if we were all the same." Theo kisses her forehead. He will never really understand her, but it doesn't matter. He loves the ongoing mystery. "Come on," he says, pulling away and walking to the table. He opens the box, licking his lips in anticipation of the cheesy, herby goodness. "I'm starving."
Word Count: 367 "And what are you cackling about?" Ginny looks up from Luna, cheeks burning when she sees Draco. She can't help but look around. Though the Hog's Head is mostly empty, this is still the most open he's ever dared to be. "I think I'm going to examine the nargle nest behind Honeydukes," Luna says, climbing to her feet. She offers Draco the smallest smile before walking away. "I do not cackle," Ginny says, giving him a pointed look. Draco smirks as he sits across from her. "Whatever you say, Weasley." Ginny bites the inside of her cheek. What is he doing here? Their stolen moments are supposed to be late at night and far away from prying eyes. Anyone could see him, and he's made it clear from the start that his reputation is more important than his happiness. "To what do I owe the pleasure?" she asks, sipping her butterbeer. "Am I not allowed to go on a date with my girlfriend?" She snorts. Girlfriend. They've never bothered putting labels on what they are. Her brows raise inquisitively. "Since when do we go on dates?" Draco doesn't answer straight away. He calls out to Aberforth to bring him a butterbeer. Only when the old barman brings the glass over and returns to work does Draco speak again. "Things are changing," he says. She nods. Anyone with half a brain cell can see it. The war is over. Old prejudices may still be in place, but things aren't the way they were before. She's seeing more and more acceptance and unity each day. "We… We don't actually have to hide, do we?" he asks. "Look at what's happening in the castle. Longbottom and Daphne are study partners, for Merlin's sake!" Ginny nods. Neville and Daphne had struck up an unbreakable friendship the year before. They had paved the way for House unity now. "So… You want to go public?" He shrugs. "I'll buy you ice cream." With a grin, Ginny shakes her head. "So you think you can just lure me into the public eye with ice cream?" she asks, amusement saturating her words. "Yes." Ginny leans across the table and kisses him gently. "You're absolutely right."
Word Count: 336 "Do not fret," Fleur says, her tone soft and light, like there is nothing so terribly wrong about this whole mess. "It is not like you 'ave 'exed your brother." Charlie snorts. It isn't a comforting thought at all. "You think that's the only way to hurt someone?" he asks, looking up at her. She climbs out of bed, taking her time in collecting her clothes and getting dressed again. Charlie looks away, closing his eyes. He doesn't want to think about what they've done. He's betrayed his brother, and he hates himself for it. "I am sorry, Charlie," she tells him. "I do 'zink are very charming, and I know you feel 'ze same about me." He wishes he didn't. Even as regret weighs down on him, making the world feel so heavy on his shoulders, he cannot deny it. There will always be a part of him that wants her, that envies Bill for what he has. That isn't what love is supposed to be. "Charlie?" He swallows dryly. He's half-tempted to ask her to come back to bed. Merlin knows he already misses her silky skin against his. But he can't. On the bedside table is a photograph of him and Bill when they were kids. Once upon a time, they had been inseparable; Charlie would have never even thought about hurting his brother. What changed? When did things become so messed up? He climbs to his feet and dresses quickly. "I can walk you outside the wards," he offers. She shakes her head before closing the distance between them and pressing a quick kiss to his cheek. "I 'zink I will be okay on my own." … It's peaceful out here. Charlie throws himself into his work, tending to the newest dragon hatchlings. It's easy to lose himself as he throws raw meat into their enclosure or carefully cleans their scales. But his mind still wanders, and he thinks of Fleur. He wonders if he will ever be able to shake her.
Word Count: 582 The chaos has finally ended. The war is over. Hermione walks through the ruined corridors of the school, tears clinging to her lashes. She is finally away from the crowded Great Hall, but she can't quite bring herself to break down. Not yet. She wonders if she will ever be able to escape from these thoughts that haunt her. She slips into one of the Transfiguration classrooms. It's empty, of course. No one can really bring themselves to leave the Great Hall just yet. Safety in numbers, maybe. All Hermione knows is she wants to be alone. That peace and quiet doesn't last long. The door opens. "Your family needs you now. After Fred…" She looks up, surprised to see Draco there. "You're not Ron." Draco chuckles, but the sound is dry and hollow. This is no place for genuine laughter. "Very observant, Granger." He says her surname with a clear note of affection, changing it into a loving nickname. "I brought you this. The house-elves hadn't returned to the kitchens yet, but I didn't have to cook it." He sets a bowl of chocolate pudding on the table. It's a kind gesture, a peace offering. She closes her eyes and shakes her head. It isn't enough; she doubts it could ever be enough. "You really hurt me, Draco," she says, opening her eyes again. "You should have come to me the moment they targeted you to become a Death Eater." "I was scared, okay?" he snaps. "I was bloody terrified. I'm not a Gryffindor like you, Granger. I'm not brave." Her heart breaks a little. Hermione nods, swallowing dryly. She sits at the table and sighs heavily. It isn't Draco's fault; she shouldn't be upset with him. "It's been a wild year," she says. He nods, taking a seat beside her. "It's only going to get wilder from here. My family will have to stand trial. There's no way around that." It isn't surprising. Even if the Malfoys had second thoughts in the end, they still broke the law. The wizarding world will cry out for justice against all the Death Eaters. They won't see differences. Everyone will have to answer for their crimes. "What do you need from me?" she asks softly. Maybe she isn't like Harry. Her name doesn't carry the same weight, but she knows they will be talking about her soon enough. Her face will appear across magical media, and she will be called a hero. That sort of status has to mean something; there has to be something she can do. Given her rocky history with Draco in the early days, she may not be the best character witness, but she doesn't care. "I'll do whatever it takes." He laughs, and the sound is more genuine this time. "Just be there for me," he says. "That's all I ask." "I can do that." He moves closer before pressing a quick, chaste kiss to her lips. When he pulls away, he's smiling. This is the boy she loves. He is far too pale, and the dark circles under his eyes are frightening, but it doesn't matter. This is her Draco. Things are chaotic, and maybe the won't settle down for a long time, but they will get through this. There is no other option. "If you don't eat the pudding," he tells her with a grin, "I will." Hermione smiles. The world is still mending but here they are. For one brief moment, they can be normal.
Word Count: 583 He wishes it could be different, but it can't. No matter how hard James tries to fight it, they are still supposed to be enemies. All they can do is hide away in the dark, stealing kisses and dreaming impossible dreams. "You're late," he says when he hears the soft footsteps behind him. Regulus chuckles. "Not all of us can turn invisible. Some of us have to sneak out the old fashioned way." James turns, his chest aching. If only it could be easier; if only Regulus could be his without complications. His lips twitch, slowly pulling into a charming smile. "I brought refreshments," he says, retrieving two bottles of butterbeer. Regulus' brows raise. "Color me impressed." James shrugs. By now, Regulus is used to his mysterious ways. It just makes James happy that he can still surprise the Slytherin. If he ever loses that, he doesn't know what he'll do with himself. Regulus takes a step closer. James' heart flutters. It isn't fair that one boy can have this effect on him. He's meant to be a brave and bold Gryffindor, yet it's so easy for him to come undone. "Shall we?" Regulus asks, gesturing toward the Black Lake. James nods. He would never deny his boyfriend anything. Once they settle in on the sandbar, he opens his drink, taking a dip swig of it. It isn't as good bottled, but it's the best they can do for now. Regulus doesn't touch his. He stares off into the distance, looking absolutely gorgeous in the milky glow of the moonlight. His mind seems to be elsewhere. James opens his mouth, but he can't seem to find the words to say. Regulus is a Black. Like Sirius, he was never taught to properly express himself. He makes an effort, of course, but emotions are so foreign to him. James has learned not to press. If Regulus wants to talk, he'll come around. "Do you think there's hope for us?" Regulus asks, kicking his trainers off and pulling his socks away. He sets them aside before dipping his bare feet in the cool water. "I mean… We always say we'll do anything for one another… But do you mean it?" "I do." He means it with every fiber of his being. Regulus means the world to him, and James would fight a thousand battles if it meant protecting Regulus. "Do you mean it?" James asks. Regulus nods without hesitation. "I hate hiding. I mean…" He sighs heavily. "If someone asks…" "I never saw you," James says. "The fact that we were both out of bed is purely coincidence." No one has ever asked. He doubts anyone will ever be able to put two and two together. Still, it's a lie he's practiced a hundred times, a lie that has become second nature to him. "I love you," Regulus says, reaching out and resting his hand on James'. "I want to find a way to love you out loud." "We'll find a way." Another thing he's said more times than he can count. It has become something of a mantra for him now, and he still believes. Nothing will ever take that away from him. It may not happen quickly. They may find themselves stumbling around, blind and lost and ready to let go. James will hold on. He will hold on because Regulus is worth the fight. It may seem impossible now, but they will figure it out. All he has to do is believe.
Word Count: 313 They sit together beneath the stars. Piers can hardly believe Dean is back; after months of being missing, Dean appeared on Piers' doorstep, tired and bruised and lost. Piers had wanted to ask, but he had just stepped aside and let Dean back into his life, like he hadn't spent nearly a year panicking, desperate for things to go back to normal. Now they're outside together, watching the stars. Piers tucks a cigarette between his lips and lights it, the fire briefly illuminating everything "Still addicted," Dean notes. Piers shrugs. "There are worse habits out there," he says. "Like disappearing without a word and staying gone for months." "I did what I had to do." Piers doesn't understand that. Nothing about Dean's disappearance made sense at all. His mother never answered any of Piers' questions, never raised any concern that her son was gone. Piers doubts Dean will answer his questions now either. "Scale of one to ten," Dean says softly, "how much do you hate me?" Piers groans. He pulls the cigarette from his lips and taps his thumb against the filter. Ash drifts to the ground as he returns the filter to his lips and inhales, his dark eyes fixed upon the twinkling stars overhead. "I don't hate you," he says at last, breathing out a cloud of smoke. "I was worried. That's all. I missed you like crazy, and now that you're back… I know things aren't going to be all shiny and perfect, but… I want answers, Dean." Silence hangs between them. After several moments, Dean nods. "You're sure?" "Positive." More silence. Piers feels the faintest hint of uncertainty creep into his soul. He swallows dryly. Whatever Dean says won't matter. They will figure it out. He has to believe that. "Okay," Dean says, taking Piers' hand. "No more secrets." And so it feels like a new beginning somehow.
Word Count: 368 Percy's hands tremble as he makes his fifth attempt at tying his tie. It shouldn't be this difficult, yet somehow it is. He knows it's just his nerves, but he can't get past it. His stomach seems to twist itself into painful contortions, and there isn't anything he can do about it. "Breathe." Penelope appears behind him, offering him a small smile in the mirror. "You're going to be fine." "Am I, Penny?" he asks, abandoning the tie to smooth out the creases in his black robes. Too many creases. If he wears these robes into work, he will be laughed at. "Because I really feel like the world is about to end." She rests a gentle hand on his shoulder, guiding him around. Facing her makes him feel slightly better. He sighs heavily, deflating. "It's okay," she tells him. "The Ministry wouldn't have given you this promotion if they didn't think you were able to handle it." Maybe he knows that, deep down inside. Still, it isn't enough to reassure him. Percy is well aware of his own intelligence, and he is more than capable. Still, despite it all, there's a voice that whispers in his head and reminds him that he isn't good enough. He doesn't have the same headstarts others in the office has. He's just a Weasley, someone who has had to struggle a little too long, and it feels so hopeless sometimes. "Here." Penelope reaches up, making quick work of his tie. When she steps back, there's a reassuring smile on her lips. "Much better." "What would I do without you?" he asks, wrapping his arms around her and holding her close. "Crash and burn?" He laughs, but he knows it's true. At the end of the day, Percy is too uptight for his own good. He thinks he might have gone crazy without Penelope by his side. Merlin knows she always make the rough days seem smoother. He kisses her, lingering for a few moments and savoring the feel of her lips against his. "I love you," he whispers. "I love you too." He wonders if he would have even made it this far without her love. He'd rather not find out.
Word Count: 390 Alicia's heart is heavy as she makes her way through St. Mungo's. There are too many familiar faces. The war is over, and so many people she knows have ended up in the hospital or worse. But she doesn't stop to chat. No one is in a talkative mood today. The heaviness of war still lingers inside their hearts. Some offer small, reassuring smiles as she passes, but no one tries to approach. They are all too broken. Mrs. Jordan greets her outside the room. Her pretty face is lined and stained with tears as she wraps Alicia in a warm embrace. "How is he?" Alicia asks. "Strong. I'm going to get a cup of coffee. Merlin knows I need something stronger today," Mrs. Jordan answers, a sad smile twitching at her lips. "I'll give you two time." With that, she's gone and Alicia steps into the room. It's worse than she imagined. No one knows exactly what happened to Lee. A curse hit him, but no one who is responsible or what the curse had been. Bright yellow spikes protrude from his dark skin. "Lee," she whispers, moving closer. "Does it hurt?" It's a stupid question, of course. Anyone can see how painful it must be. He smiles ever so slightly. "Only because it means I can't hold you." At least the curse hasn't taken his quick wit. She doesn't know what she would do without it. There had been a moment during the ceasefire, when Angelina had found her. She had been afraid he was gone. "Now I can ascend into the great beyond," he says, drawing her from her thoughts. "Don't you dare," she says, folding her arms over her chest, trying and failing to look intimidating. Lee just grins. She can still see the pain in his brown eyes, but he's still smiling like nothing is wrong, like seeing her is all he needs to be okay. "Fine." He shrugs, wincing at the movement. "But only because I want to hold you again." "When you're better." She doesn't know how long that will be. The Healers are doing everything they can to reverse the damage. All Alicia knows is that she isn't giving up. She and Lee have made it so far, and she will stay by his side. Nothing will ever take him from her.
Word Count: 644 i. They make the team the same year. Prior to that, Angelina barely knows George at all. But they are new together, and he and Fred have always seemed like good blokes. At the very least, they're a laugh. ii. "I'm gonna get sunstroke!" George complains. "Think it'll actually shut you up?" Angelina teases, zooming past him on her broom, clutching the Quaffle tightly. She only sees his face for a moment, but she sees the amusement in his eyes. Maybe it's just her imagination, but she would swear she hears him tell his twin, "I think I like her, Fred." iii. "If you get hurt," Oliver says, his hair ruffled by the breeze, "hurt 'em back. You get killed… walk it off." Angelina rolls her eyes. By now, she's used to his pep talks. "I can still never tell if he's joking or not," she murmurs. George laughs. "Now, Angie, you know Oliver doesn't joke about Quidditch." She nudges him. "Don't call me Angie." iv. George always seems to silently challenge her. There's no competition at practice, but the two of them race, neck to neck. He mimics snoring before jolting "awake" and looking at her, grinning. "Oh. I'm sorry. I fell asleep waiting for you to make me a sandwich." "Go back to sleep," she says, willing her broomstick to go faster, "and starve." She hears his laughter behind her, and she can't help but smile. v. They sit on the Quidditch pitch together after practice. Angelina wonders why she feels so nervous. It isn't like they're strangers. "You know what's going to happen one day, don't you?" he asks, his hand grazing hers. She pulls it away, shaking her head. "I promise not to fall in love with you." George just laughs and leans back, cushioned by the lush grass. "Don't make promises you can't keep." She opens her mouth to laugh at him, to tell him he's full of himself. The protest doesn't come. She frowns. When she had said it, she had felt so sure of herself. Why should she have any doubts now? vi. When Fred and George fly away, she is frozen. She wishes she could go with them. vii. The three of them are at the first Puddlemere match of the season. George excuses himself, muttering something about wanting a lemonade. "You know he loves you, don't you?" Fred notes. Angelina bites the inside of her cheek. She's suspected as much for a while now. If she's honest with herself, the feeling is mutual. Instrad of answering, she keeps her eyes on the sky, grinning when she sees Oliver fly out with the rest of his team. "Tell him," Fred says. "Listen to your elders or whatever." "Elder?" She raises her brows. "You're like a month older than me." "Still older." She just shakes her head. Even if the feelings are there, she isn't ready. viii. She doesn't know what to say when Fred dies. The words refuse to find her, even when she and George are alone on the Quidditch pitch together. George falls into her arms, and she holds him. ix. The day they're married, they return to the Quidditch pitch once again. It's where they spent so much time with Fred, and it only seems right to end their day here. "I miss him so much," George says. Angelina kisses his cheek. "Me too." x. The first time Freddie Weasley climbs on a broomstick, he's a natural. Angelina stands by her husband's side, grinning proudly. "Guess it runs in the family," George says before offering her a lolly. "Sweet?" She narrows her eyes, instantly recognizing the wrapper. "An Acid Pop?" she asks. "Really?" There are three things Angelina will always be absolutely sure about. Their lives would be empty without Quidditch, and George will always be the goofball she fell in love with.
Word Count: 484 It starts out simple enough. Barty is a boy with haunted eyes and a broken smile, and Narcissa is a girl who just wants an escape. They paths cross at the Astronomy Tower. After that, it happens over and over. … "Shooting star," Barty tells her. "Make a wish." She laughs because it's silly. She is fifteen and much too old to be wishing on stars. And yet… Her parents have announced her betrothal to Lucius Malfoy. The idea of being married to him is enough to make her stomach knot. Maybe they're a good family, and it's her duty, but she wants so much more. Her gaze shifts to Barty. She wants him. And so she makes a wish. … When he kisses her, she thinks that maybe wishes can come true. After all, it's only a week after her wish. The universe has to be listening. … "You know what we're doing is dangerous, don't you?" he whispers to her as she peels away his jacket. "I don't care." … She wants to believe. Each night, she falls a little more in love with him. … Wishes mean nothing in the end. She is Lucius', though only by name. "Smile, Cissa," he tells her, and it's so clearly not a request. "It's your wedding day." And she tries to smile because it's expected of her, but the twitch of her lips just feels wrong. … The morning the news comes, she breaks. It is not her sister's arrest that moves her to tears, but Barty's. "Bella was reckless," Lucius says. Numb, Narcissa can only nod. … There isn't a day that goes by that she doesn't think of him. He was her first kiss, her first love, her first everything. Lucius doesn't love her. He only seeks to possess her, like she is some pretty little trinket to collect. He doesn't value her at all. But Barty did. There was never a doubt in her mind that he loved her. She sits outside the garden, watching the peacocks strut across the yard. Her eyes drift to the sky, and she makes a wish on the first star she sees. … When he appears at her door, her heart drops to her stomach. Against all odds, Barty has found her again. But he is different. Though she would recognize him anywhere, this is not her Barty. There's a madness in his eyes that causes her to step away, to recoil with a shocked gasp. "Did you miss me, Cissy?" And she did. Of course she did. But this is a stranger, a monster wearing her lover's clothes. Her heart races, and she feels like her body might shut down. "They say you died." He laughs. "Only part of me." Despite her fear, she allows him to pull her close and kiss her. It isn't right. It isn't him. Maybe wishes don't come true.
Word Count: 490 It's a quiet affair. With war raging, the future seems so bleak. She doesn't want an elegant wedding when she knows her time could be better spent fighting. Her father becomes ordained for the occasion. He didn't have to, but Tonks can't imagine anything more special. Tonks takes a deep breath. Even without the added pressure of a crowd of spectators, she is still nervous. Maybe she shouldn't be. Remus means the world to her, and she can't imagine going through life anywhere else but by his side. This is the right thing to do, and every ounce of doubt and hesitation fades when she looks into his eyes. "Are you sure?" Remus whispers as they stand before her father, ready to make a lifetime commitment to one another. He scrubs his palms over the nape of his neck, his Adam's apple bobbing as he swallows dryly. "Are you sure you want to be married to… me?" She knows what he's getting at, of course. Remus still seems to find it hard to believe anyone would be willing to marry him. If only he knew. She wishes she could show him through her own eyes. How can Remus not see what a great man he is? She is lucky to have him in her life. How could anyone not want a promise of eternity by his side? Her eyes narrow, and she lightly pokes her finger against his chest. "The first day I met you… Everything reminds me of that day," she tells him. "I see your eyes when I go to sleep. It's your smile that gets me through the day. If you think for one second that I'm making a mistake…" She trails off, sucking in a shaky breath. It truly baffles her that he can't see it. From the moment she saw him, she knew it was meant to be. "I'm not making a mistake," she says. "I love you, and I accept the parts of you that you can't seem to accept, okay? Please let that be enough, Remus." Somehow, it is. Tonks can still see the doubt in his amber eyes, but his smile looks more genuine. He squeezes her hand, nodding. "I do love you," he assures her. "Sometimes it's just…" "I know," she says softly. "It's a messy world out there, but at least we have each other." "At least there's that." She turns to face her father, and butterflies erupt within her stomach. Her father smiles, and it's just a little more reassurance that everything is going to be okay. Maybe they don't have it all figured out. Maybe there will always be fears and insecurities that will make their path bumpy and rough, but it doesn't matter. They are in this together. For better or worse, they will face life side by side and battle their demons together. The vows fall from her lips with ease, and she smiles. "I do."
Word Count: 327 Piers sighs heavily before sitting on the couch beside his boyfriend. "Hear the rain?" he asks, gesturing toward the window which is being pelted roughly by raindrops. "I guess you're stuck here." Dean snorts, eyes rolling. "You know we're neighbors, right? It takes maybe a minute to reach my door.' Piers shrugs. "I don't make the rules," he says with a laugh. "Now. Fish and chips!" At least Dean grabbed lunch before the storm hit. Piers' cousin-turned-guardian hasn't been to the market yet, and there isn't much to eat in the kitchen. He's about to thank Dean, when he notices a glob of white. Dean dips a chip in the mayonnaise, eating it like it's perfectly normal. "Tell me the truth," Piers says, nose wrinkling in disgust. "How does it feel to be soulless?" "Soulless?" Dean echoes, dipping another chip. Piers nods. "That's the only reason I can think of that you would do… that." He gestures vaguely. Dean laughs. "We've been going steady for two years, and you never knew I did this?" "It ain't good form, you know," Piers huffs, plucking a chip from his tray. "You ought to be ashamed." His boyfriend is unfazed. He just laughs again and shakes his head like Piers has made a joke. "That would require actually caring." "You don't care that you've traumatized me?" Piers asks. "Any other weird food habits I should know about?" "If toast is cut diagonally, I can't eat it." Dean shrugs. "Not sure if that's weird." "It's definitely weird." Another shrug. Dean dips another chip into the mayo before happily eating it, a look of pure bliss on his face as he chews. "You don't know what you're missing." Piers just smiles and eats his fish. Dean can be pretty weird sometimes, but he's learned to see his eccentricities as endearing. At the end of the day, Dean means everything to him, and he wouldn't trade his mayonnaise-dipped chip eating for the world.
Word Count: 403 It has been a good day. Long after the war and the damage left behind by Greyback, good days are too few and far between. But Lavender has made it through the day without a meltdown, and she counts that as a victory. She summons a teacup before lifting the kettle and pouring the steaming water over the teabag. She sits at the table, spooning sugar into the hot drink. After a moment of consideration, she plucks a Chocolate Frog from her pocket. Since the attack, she's kept chocolate on her at all times. It's one of the few things that take her back to a happier, simpler time. The front door opens and closes. A moment later, Parvati is in the kitchen, smiling brightly S she sets a container of ice cream on the table. "You brought ice cream," Lavender observes. "Is this a date?" Her girlfriend laughs softly, sitting next to her and summoning bowls and spoons. "You've known me for nearly a decade now. When has ice cream ever been anything other than a date?" "Fair point." And with that, Lavender peels away the lid of the container, digging her spoon into the ice cream and transferring it to her bowl. She licks her lips, eager. As she lifts her spoon to her lips, she noticed Parvati watching her. "Don't you ever get tired of that?" "Looking at you? Nah. I can do this all day." Lavender hates the way she blushes at that. What is it about Parvati that makes her feel so undone? No one else can quite shake her the way her girlfriend does. It's ridiculous since they've been dating for so long. How can Parvati reduce her to little more than a blushing fool? "You know, a life without ice cream would be a fare worse than death," Parvati says. "I think a life without you would be much worse." Parvati laughs like she thinks Lavender is trying to be smooth. It isn't like that, though. She means every word of it. Parvati had stayed by her side during her darkest days. Even when Lavender had given up on herself, Parvati stood by her and never lost hope. At the end of the day, chocolate and ice cream are all fine and well, but they aren't her keys to happiness. Nothing could ever come close to making Lavender feel as safe and secure as Parvati does.
Word Count: 885 "He lost a friend but gained a memory." -Rocky Mountain High This goes so far beyond fear. Pure terror grips Daphne as Alecto Carrow raises her wand. How long has this been going on? It feels like an eternity. All Daphne knows is that her body is weak from the torture, and she doesn't know how much more she can take. She will not crack; she cannot crack. "Crucio!" She screams. Her throat is raw from all the screaming, but she knows it will do no good. There will be no mercy for her, no relief. Daphne's mind is clouded with pain, but she recalls Pansy's face with pure fury. They were supposed to be friends. So many people referred to them as Slytherin House's dynamic duo, and they were queens. But Pansy has betrayed her. An admission of doubt and guilt found the Carrows' ears, and it's all Pansy bloody Parkinson's fault. Maybe friendship means nothing in the end. "You will submit to the new order, girl," Alecto says with a sneer. "I should have known a Greengrass would cause us trouble. Crucio!" Slowly, the world grows black around her, and she escapes the pain only when she loses consciousness. … When she wakes, she is chained to the wall. There are others around her, those who have also earned the Carrows' wrath. The dungeon is too dark; she cannot make out any of their faces, but she can hear sobbing and babbling. "Second star to th-the right," someone says with a quivering voice. "And straight on til morning." "I want my mummy." She closes her eyes, trying to tune it out, but there is so much noise. "Have you seen my kitten?" "What if we starve." And then it's dead silence, and the door creaks open. Daphne feels sick. The Carrows have come back. They've decided to have a little late night torture session. But it isn't Alecto or her filthy brother who speaks. "Come on. We have to act quickly!" "Longbottom?" Daphne opens her eyes, squinting against the wandlight. She can just barely make out his face. "Greengrass?" He approaches her lowering his wand so that he can better study her. "What the hell are you doing here?" "Oh, just hanging out. Someone told me they had wonderful margaritas down here." "Sarcasm not needed," Neville says. "Let me get you out of these chains." "Are you sure that's a good idea?" someone asks. "She's a Slytherin." Slytherin. The world is hurled like an insult, with so much venom behind it. Daphne sniffs, maintaining as much dignity as possible. She may be in a dismal position, but she will still hold her head high. "It would be awfully suspicious if everyone was gone but her," Neville says. "Come on. I've got you." … They call it the Room of Requirement. Daphne doesn't understand the name, but everyone seems content with it. There are beds and books and so many lovely things. She thinks she could maybe get comfortable here. Then again, it looks like she doesn't have much choice. If she leaves this place, the Carrows will find her. She imagines the torture will be so much worse next time. "I found you some clothes," Lavender Brown says, dropping the clothes on Daphne's bed. She offers her a quick smile before rushing off, joining the Patil twins on the other side of the room. It's going to be a lonely existence; Daphne can already tell. … The curse hits again and again. Daphne has never known pain like this. How is it possible the agony to seep all the way through her bones, into her marrow? Every nerve is on fire. Every inch of her aches and she knows there will never be any relief. Daphne bolts upright, breathing heavily. She's covered in a cold sweat, and her stomach churns violently. Breathing deeply, she swallows. She won't throw up; she won't allow herself to be week. "I had nightmares my first week here," Neville tells her. Daphne jumps, swearing under breath. "Real funny, sneaking up on people," she snaps. He sits beside her. In the dim candlelight, she can see the blush creep into his cheeks. "Sorry. Wasn't trying to sneak. I… Well, I was worried about you." His response catches her off guard. Daphne opens her mouth, but she isn't sure what to say. There are far too many questions she would like to ask. Finally, she settles on, "Why?" Neville's cheeks grow darker. "Don't make me say it." She knows that embarrassment too well. "Oh." Neville as certainly grown up. He is no longer that awkward, fumbling idiot she laughed at in her first year. He is handsome, but it's his newfound confidence that makes her really take notice. "I see," she says before leaning in, pressing a soft kiss to his lips. She isn't sure if she feels anything for him, but she thinks she could so easily. There is something about Neville that makes him easy to like. Those feelings could grow. With that, she lays back, staring at the ceiling with wide eyes. Maybe she doesn't have Pansy as a friend anymore. Maybe the dynamic duo has fallen apart, never to be reunited. But it doesn't matter. She still has the memories. More importantly, as Neville lays beside her and holds her hand, she realizes she has a future.
Word Count: 339 "Oh, come on!" Dean insists as he navigates Seamus through the airport. "Aren't you at all curious about it?" His boyfriend scowls. "Curious? If people were meant to fly, they would have wings!" Dean rolls his eyes, unable to resist a soft laugh. It's amusing that Seamus doesn't care for the idea of flight. He's good on a broomstick, and he never had any issue with being the target of a levitation charm while practicing. As if he can read Dean's mind, Seamus folds his arms stubbornly over his chest and huffs. "Have you seen what these bloody planes look like?" he asks. "Great bloody birds made of metal! You can't tell me that's natural." Dean shrugs. "Natural? Nah. It isn't," he confirms. "But it's safe. Mostly." He winces when he says it. The last thing Dean needs to do is put the idea of plane crashes in Seamus' head. But it's too late. His boyfriend pales and looks infinitely more nervous. Great. Their flight leaves in an hour, and Seamus looks like he might have a panic attack. "Shay," Dean says softly, "I'm not sure if you noticed, but we're wizards. If anything goes wrong, we have an escape plan." He pats his pocket where his wand is tucked away, emphasizing the point. "You'll be fine." Seamus still doesn't quite look convinced, but he softens. Hesitantly, he nods and takes Dean by the hand. "Dunno why you have to do the whole Muggle transportation thing," he says dryly. "Because I love having new experiences with you," Dean tells him. That makes Seamus smile. "Well, if you put it that way…" … By the time they touch down in New York, Seamus is brimming with joy. His entire demeanor changed the moment the plane took flight. "Did you see it?" Seamus asks eagerly. "We were in the clouds, Dean!" Dean chuckles. "See? It wasn't so bad, was it." Seamus shrugs like he wants to downplay it, but he's grinning from ear to ear. "Bloody brilliant. Can we go again?"
Word Count: 521 Daphne isn't sure why she's come to the Yule Ball at all. After years of attending various parties throws by her family or their friends, she knows she doesn't particularly enjoy social gatherings, especially not ones like this. Still, the food is good. She finds herself sitting in the corner, away from all the noise and dancing, munching away at something chocolatey and covered in powdered sugar. Her gaze flickers to the dance floor. Everyone seems to be enjoying themselves, at least. She can't help but smile. "Tell me, what's the most beautiful girl in the castle doing here alone?" Daphne looks up to see Blaise standing in front of her, a grin on his face as he watches her eat. Truth be told, she might hate the ball so much if Blaise had asked her. Maybe part of her truly expected him to. In the end, it had been little more than just wishful thinking on her part. "I thought it would be obvious that I'm here alone and eating," she says before finishing the last bite. She's tempted to lick away the chocolate from her fingers, but she has to maintain some semblance of dignity in front of Blaise. She opts for a napkin instead. Blaise snorts. "Smartass." "Don't ask dumb questions." He smirks, and Daphne hates how much that simple quirk of his lips drives her wild. It isn't fair. He's already good-looking, but tonight he looks absolutely amazing in his perfectly tailored grey and white pinstriped dress robes. She wonders if he knows how attractive he is. Merlin knows that quite a few students stare whenever he passes by. "Why don't you dance with me?" he asks. Daphne scoffs. He had plenty of chances to ask her to the Yule Ball, but he never did. Of course, she could have easily had her pick of partners. Two boys had asked her out, and she knows Goyle would have if he wasn't so shy. But she hadn't wanted any of them. Likewise, she hadn't taken the initiative and asked anyone else because she knew exactly who her heart wanted. In the end, it seemed like it wasn't meant to be. So why is he here now, asking her to dance with him? Daphne swallows down the resentment as she lifts her glass of punch, studying the red contents as if they're the most interesting thing in the world. "Oh, come on, Daph," Blaise sighs. "Don't pout. You should be above that." "I should," she agrees. "Which is why I'm not pouting. Why should I dance with you? If you wanted my time, you would have asked me to be your date." "I'm asking you now." She considers for a moment. It would be easy to drag this out and give him a hard time. It seems that their relationship has been based around that teasing and playfulness for so long. In the end, she knows she can't say no to him. Well, she can, but it would make life a lot more boring. Daphne sets her glass aside and stands, offering him her hand. "I would love to."
Word Count: 312 "What if I drop him?" Alice chuckles softly and kisses her husband's cheek. "You won't drop him, Frank," she assures him. Frank doesn't look at all convinced. He stares down at their son, and Alice is worried he might actually faint. They spent months going over everything, but, in the end, Frank still looks absolutely terrified. Alice bites back a laugh. The last thing she needs is for Frank to think she's giving him a hard time. "Is he supposed to wriggle like that? He… He isn't broken is he?" "No. Just move your hand up a bit. There you are." Once she guides him along, he looks much more reassured. His panicked expression softens to one of sheer amazement as he looks down at Neville. His lips quirk, and his smile is so beautiful. "Hello, Neville," he says softly. "You're going to grow into such a strong boy. I hope you know that." Neville just gurgles and squirms. Frank seems to relax into it. The way he holds Neville and soothes him in the softest tones, it's hard to believe he's never had any experience with babies before. From what Alice can tell, he's a natural. "You're going to be brilliant, Frank," she says. "Such an amazing father." … Once Neville is asleep for the night (or at least a few hours), Frank joins Alice, sitting beside her bed. He takes her hand, and it makes her heart flutter. "We're actually parents," he says. She laughs softly, nodding. "Still hard to believe, isn't it?" She had been so afraid when she found out. A war is no place for a baby. Truth be told, she is still terrified, but she thinks that maybe they're going to be okay. After all, if Frank is by her side, there's no way that she can lose. "We're going to be just fine," she says
Word Count: 404 These are the moments that Rowena loves the most. Here, lying in the soft grass and gazing up at the glittering stars in the inky sky, she feels invincible. The stress of the castle and students and lessons seem to melt away until all that is left is her and her lover. "Do you ever wonder if we made the right choice?" Helga murmurs, her hand resting in Rowena's. "Are we making a difference in the world?" Rowena considers for a moment. It is still too early to tell the impact of their school just yet. Hogwarts has only been running for three years now. Still, she sees the proof. Those they have taught and trained are changing the world. Perhaps they are small changes now, but she knows they will amount to great things. She can feel it in her bones. "I believe so," Rowena answers. "We have done so much already. Is something troubling you, my love?" Helga chuckles and moves closer. She shifts so that her head rests on Rowena's chest. The warmth and closeness makes her heart flutter. She wonders it Helga can hear how unsteady her heartbeat is. If she notices, she doesn't say anything. "It seems so strange. In a way, I have what I have always desired. You are by my side, and we have a family of sorts." Rowena smiles at that. Falling in love with Helga is dangerous. There are too many people who would never understand, who would call their love tainted and strange. That doesn't stop them, of course. She believes nothing could ever stop her from loving Helga. With their challenges, they knew they would never be able to have the things they might have with a man. It never mattered. They have had each other for so long, and that is all that matters. But she realizes that Helga is right. In their own way, they have found a family. "Ever the hopeful one, dearest," Rowena says softly. Helga moves again, angling her face so that she can press a chaste kiss to Rowena's lips. "How can I be anything but hopeful? We truly are so blessed." Maybe life is strange and difficult. Maybe the two of them will never be accepted as they are. In spite of it all, Rowena does not mind. She has Helga, Hogwarts, and an infinite number of glittering stars overhead. What more could she want?
Word Count: 438 Romilda shivers as she enters the house, the chill of the December air still lingering in her skin. She shakes her head, forcing the last clinging flakes of snow from her dark hair. "Another day," she says with a sigh, "another migraine." Cormac pokes his head out of the kitchen, offering her a pearly white grin. "That's a shame," he says. "You know why?" She resists the urge to roll her eyes as she removes her lavender cloak and hangs it in the hall closet. As much as she loves her boyfriend, he can be a little too cheerful for her liking. "It's been a long day," she says patiently. "Please don't say anything stupid." "You got chosen!" It is, in fact, something stupid. Romilda doesn't point that out, though. She notices the cup in his hand, and it is so easy to forgive him for being ridiculous. She licks her lip, eyes on the steam rising from the mug. As Cormax approaches, the scent of chocolate and cinnamon becomes more distinct. Romilda holds out her hand, happily accepting the hot cocoa. "Why are you so good to me?" she asks, taking a sip. It burns the roof of her mouth, but that doesn't stop her from taking a second sip. "I dunno," he says, pursing his lips in thought. "Maybe I just have abnormally low standards." Romilda playfully smacks him. "Oi!" "Keep it up, and I won't make you any spinach puffs." Romilda huffs, stepping past him and sitting on the couch. She smirks at him as she sets the cocoa on the table. "I never liked your spinach puffs." The dramatic gasp that escapes his lips is priceless. Romilda snorts, dark eyes rolling. It's a lie, and Cormac knows it. "Liar, liar, pants on fire," he says childishly, emphasizing his disbelief by poking out his tongue. Romilda laughs and pats the spot beside her, beckoning him closer. "Stop running your mouth and come love me," she says. "I told you I had a long day." "You insulted my spinach puffs." She resists the urge to roll her eyes. Really, he is too ridiculous sometimes. Still, she wouldn't change him for the world. "I love your spinach puffs almost as much as I love you." And that's all it takes. He jumps onto the couch, wrapping his arms around her. Just like that, the world fades away. Why should it matter if she's stressed? For now, she has a ridiculous man and the best hot cocoa, two things anyone would be lucky to come home to on such an unforgiving winter day. What else could she need?
Word Count: 453 Lee wakes, blinking uncertainly. With a yawn, he sits up, rubbing his tired eyes. "Was someone kissing me?" he murmurs. Roxanne grins at him, sitting beside him on the bed. She's already dressed for the day, though the clock beside him says it's only four in the morning. No one in their right mind should be up before noon. Then again, no one ever accused Roxanne of being normal. "Someone should always be kissing you," she says with a mischievous grin. She smooths her hands over her purple blouse and leans in, kissing him gently on the lips. "Well. As long as that someone is me." Lee sighs and gently captures her wrists, pulling her close. "We can't continue on like this," he tells her. It's a conversation they've danced around for so long. Roxanne looks annoyed by his declaration, but not surprised. It's always been a matter of time before they had to talk seriously about this. "Your dad…" "What about him?" she asks. "I'm twenty, Lee. He can't dictate who I do and do not spend time with." Lee raises a brow. "Is that why you're going to sneak home before anyone else is awake?" She rolls her eyes, folding her arms over her chest. Merlin, why is she so cute when she's mad at him? "Will I ever win?" She huffs, deflating slightly. "I… You know, it really isn't fair. I'm the one who came on to you." Lee laughs. He remembers it all too well. She had been so sure, and he had been hesitant. So, for the past two months, they have kept it a secret, unsure of how to proceed with it. But they can't keep going on like this. It isn't just some silly fling. Neither have dared to admit it, but he knows there is something much deeper between them. But the fact that she's his best friend's daughter complicates things. "It doesn't matter," he says. "Your dad will be pissed." Roxanne sighs. "Are you breaking up with me?" Lee wonders if that might be best. Probably. He should let her go and just cherish the moments they had together. There isn't much else that makes sense. But he isn't sure that he wants to be logical. Logical should have no place in matters of the heart. Besides, he is far too selfish to just let her go. Their future is unknown, but he wants to figure it out. No more haze of uncertainty and mystery, no more wondering what would happen if… It's time to take the leap, to figure things out. "I want to tell him," he says. Roxanne hesitates. After several moments, she nods. "We can. You and me," she whispers. "Together."
Word Count: 520 This is not good, not good at all. Draco takes a deep breath as the wind picks up, pulling limbs from the trees. He needs to take shelter. Preferably shelter that doesn't smell like dragon dung. Unfortunately, he is trapped on the other side of the dragon reserve, and his mind is too clouded with fear to even think of Apparating. At this rate, he's going to be stuck here until this blows over. If it blows over. Right now, Draco doesn't like his chances. There's too much thunder and lightning, and he feels so exposed. All it will take is one loud noise to scare the wrong dragon, and he might have a fire on his hand as well. "Draco?" "Weasley?" Sure enough, that familiar freckled face and red hair come into view. Charlie Weasley grins at him as he brushes his fingers through his wild, windswept hair. "Hell of a storm, eh?" "Shouldn't you be inside?" Draco asks incredulously. Charlie shrugs. "You were missing." Draco doesn't know how to react to that. If someone was missing, Draco knows he wouldn't be out there in this mess looking for them. Then again, Charlie is a foolish Gryffindor. Of course he would be just as obnoxiously daring as Ron. Why wouldn't he brave a bloody storm like this? "Are you hurt?" Charlie asks. "I can carry you if you are." Carry him? Draco scowls at the thought of it. He isn't some bloody damsel who needs to be rescued. Sure, he may be in distress, but he will not sacrifice his dignity. He notices the way Charlie grins at him. It isn't just a teasing quirk of his lips. Draco almost laughs. "Are you actually flirting with me?" "Have been for the past two months," Charlie says with a roll of his eyes. "Thanks for noticing. Now, come on. My place is closer." … Shattered glass litters the floor of Charlie's place. It takes only a moment to find the source, a broken window. Charlie mutters the repairing charm, fixing it in an instant. "Guess it's more windy than I thought. Want a drink?" "Wine, please." "Sorry. I'm a hard liquor sort of bloke," Charlie tells him. "Firewhiskey then." Charlie salutes before setting to work, retrieving a bottle and two glasses. Draco watches him, searching for the right words to say. His tongue seems to stick to the roof of his mouth, and his throat is suddenly strangely dry. "Two months," Draco manages at last, accepting the glass as Charlie sets it in front of him. "You've been flirting for two months?" Charlie chuckles. "Not very well, apparently." "I'm not sure what to say." "Say you'll let me take you to dinner this weekend," Charlie suggests. Draco bites the inside of his cheek. Romania is supposed to be about starting over and being a better person. He isn't sure if he's there yet, if he's the sort of bloke who is worthy of someone like Charlie Weasley. And yet Charlie looks at him like maybe he's the greatest thing in the world, and it makes Draco melt a little bit. "How does Saturday sound?" Draco asks. "Like a date."
First Aid, task 2: Write about an allergy Word Count: 513 "You got a cat," Dean says, brows raising curiously. "Kitten," Piers corrects, as though it is enough to make a real difference. Dean resists the urge to roll his eyes, shrugging. The kitten is cute enough with its orange and white stripes and tiny pink nose. It mews, poking its head up and squirming in Piers' hand, trying to explore its surroundings. "Roguish little girl," Piers chuckles, tucking a slender finger under her fuzzy chin and scratching gently. There's just one small problem. Dean can already feel his throat growing scratchy. He takes a step back, tucking his face into elbow as he sneezes. "You're allergic," Piers says. There's no denying the disappointment in his voice. It's nothing that either of them can help, but Dean can't help but feel guilty over it. Piers' dark eyes had lit up so brightly as he showed the kitten to Dean. The happiness on his face had been so beautiful. Can Dean really take that away from him? It isn't the end of the world, of course. There had been cats galore at Hogwarts. Hermione's shaggy, ginger cat had possibly been the worst. The cat had been irritable enough, but it also had the bad habit of shedding all over the place. Dean can feel his arms breaking out just thinking about it. With a shudder, he rubs his palms over his skin, trying to ease the itching. He can't quite tell what is the result of a current allergy and what is memory that is just a bit too vivid. "Where did you find her?" Dean asks, sniffling. "Outside the bakery, in the alley," his boyfriend answers. "I was taking the trash to the bins for Max. Poor girl was starving." Dean nods. He can see her ribs pressing against her skin. Every little movement and sound makes her tense. Still, she is so calm and loving, and Dean can't help but assume that she had been thrown out. He tries to be an optimist and have a little faith in the world, but humans never fail to disappoint him. "We can keep her," Dean says. "But your allergies…" Dean offers him a grin, stepping closer. He pets the kitten gently, laughing as she affectionately rubs her head against his palm. "Being a wizard has its perks, you know." Hogwarts had been home to countless cats, and Dean hadn't been the only one with an allergy. Once a week, he and a few others would sit in the hospital wing, waiting for Madam Pomfrey to hand out vials of pale pink. Dean has never attempted to brew an allergy potion, but he thinks it will be easy enough. Piers looks so happy with the kitten, and Dean refuses to let his allergies interfere with his boyfriend's joy. Besides, the kitten has already grown on him. "Does she have a name yet?" Dean wonders. "Not yet." Piers lifts her up, studying her. "Ginger?" It's a ridiculous name. Too plain, too simple, too Muggle. Somehow, that makes it perfect. "Ginger," Dean agrees. And so their family grows.
Word Count: 402 Hannah hesitates outside the greenhouse that doubles as her husband's office. She cannot see through the glass, but she knows Neville is in there, even though it's swiftly nearing midnight. It isn't a surprise. Neville has always done so well with plants. How can she fault him for spending so much time with them. After several moments, she steps inside. Neville's back is to her as he tends to a majestic vine with weeping purple blooms. Still not looking up from his work, Neville calls out, "For the last time! You lot are not extracting poison from the plants to see if bezoars really work! Trust me; they do." Hannah chuckles. "Is that what the kids do these days?" she asks, amusement clear in her tone. Neville looks up at last, turning. His cheeks are a dark pink when he sees her. "Hannah? What are you doing here?" She raises her brows. "I want sure where else to go," she says softly. "Someone stood me up for my birthday dinner." "Your birthday… Your birthday is today. Oh my God!" Neville slaps his palm to his forehead, groaning. "I forgot your birthday." Hannah shrugs. She already knows Neville is forgetful. He's had to use his Remembrall less and less, but that doesn't really change anything. Sometimes things slip through the cracks. It's just a part of life. "I am so sorry, Hannah," he sighs. "I was so caught up in the plants. Then I realized I didn't have a lesson plan for my second years now that the mandrakes have been taken care of. One thing lead to another…" She takes a step closer, digging in her purse. The expansion charm on it is perfect. It holds everything she needs to have a good birthday. "You can make it up to me by washing dishes tomorrow," she tells him, pulling out two takeaway boxes and a tray of dessert. Neville quickly clears the table. He mutters an enchantment to clean the spot before taking the food from Hannah. "I'm still sorry." "You can show me how sorry when you scrub the dishes," she laughs, setting forks and knives on top of the containers. It isn't a perfect birthday, but she doesn't mind. She never asked for perfection, only love. There is no doubt in her mind that Neville loves her and tries his best. That's as close to perfect as she'll ever need.
Word Count: 331 "Oh. Hello, Percy." Percy is halfway to the door of the Burrow, exhausted from pulling an all-nighter at the office. He's still dressed in his work robes. He turns, confused to find anyone out this early. Luna Lovegood is there, smiling brightly at him, surrounded by gnomes. "You look quite dapper," she says, shooing a gnome that tugs at the hem of her yellow dress. "I'm not sure that you should be out here with them," Percy cautions. "They're quite vicious." She laughs at that, easily stepping over the gnomes and moving closer. "Actually, they attack to help people. Did you know their slavia has natural powers that can be passed to us?" Percy resists the urge to roll his eyes. He remembers someone at the Ministry mentioning some bizarre Quibbler article about that very thing. He doesn't bother arguing about it or citing everything he's ever read. Luna is the type to follow her own path. "Anyone awake?" he asks. "Or is it just us?" "Just us. I suspect Ginny will be awake soon. She seems nervous about today." Today. Percy swears softly under his breath. He had forgotten that his little sister is getting married to Harry today. He most definitely wouldn't be winning the brother of the year award. "Hey, Luna," he says. "Would you like to be my date to the wedding?" She's lovely; Percy has found her lovely since the moment Ginny introduced in the days following the battle. She is strange but brilliant, and Percy finds her madness to be intoxicating. "Date?" she asks curiously. "Why would you want that?" He chuckles. "Why not? Unless you would rather go alone. Or with someone else. Beautiful as you are, I'm sure you already have a date." He feels the heat form in his cheeks, slowly creeping up to his ears. He is not smooth and confident, but he wishes he could be. Luna smiles and holds out her hand. "I would love to be your date."
Word Count: 637 Molly can't sleep, but that's okay. It's never too early to start the day. Besides, five o'clock in the morning isn't outrageous, even if it is a Saturday. With a soft groan, she climbs to her feet, resting a hand on her swollen, pregnant belly. It's exactly why she can't sleep. Their little William has been awfully restless lately; it won't be much longer before he has joined them. "At least you let Mummy sleep a few hours," she murmurs, making her way downstairs to the Burrow's kitchen. She doesn't really even think about. It's just something she does. When she's stressed, she bakes. When she's sleepless, she bakes. When she's happy, she bakes. As far as Molly is concerned, there's no situation that cannot be improved with a bit of baking She hums to herself, carefully measuring and mixing each and every ingredient with narrowed eyes, ensuring absolute perfection. It's how her grandmother did it. She could have so easily used magic, but her grandmother always told her that there's something beautifully magical about doing some things by hand, and baking is one of those. Molly is inclined to agree. As she pours the batter into the pan, she looks out the window. Rain softly pelts the grass. Good. They need a bit of rain. Her vegetable garden is thriving because of the magical fertilizer she added to the soil, but nothing can beat a nice, gentle shower to moisten the soil. She sets the pan in the oven before summoning an umbrella and stepping outside. The rain continues to fall, and the scent of wet earth fills her lungs. A smile tugs at her lips. Fabian and Gideon had expressed their doubts when they saw the Burrow. Molly isn't spoiled by any means, but she has never been one to find solace in simplicity. Now, she realizes how beautiful the world really is, how she doesn't need much to keep her happy. She has a loving husband, a wonderful family, a house in the countryside, and peace of mind. No amount of gold or material things could ever replace that. She is happier than she could have ever imagined. Thunder rolls, and she sees lighting cut through the dark sky. That's her signal to head back inside. Rain may soothing, but thunder and lightning aren't. She thinks a nice cup of tea sounds nice. Maybe a bit of bread and cheese too. Then, of course, she will have cake. … By the time Molly has removed the cake from the oven and gotten the frosting to be the perfect shade of violet, she hears Arthur shuffling around upstairs. She smiles, her heart fluttering softly in her chest. It amazes her that just hearing him walk can make her feel so happy. "You're up early, Mollywobbles. I- Oh!" Arthur's sentence ends in a cry as he seems to trip over his own feet and fall to the floor. "I'm fine! Don't worry, dear." He climbs to his feet, wincing, before Molly can move. His eyes widen when he sees the cake. "So that's what I smelled. Are we having cake for breakfast." She smiles, chuckling softly as she begins to smooth the violet frosting over the cake. "Pregnancy cravings," she says with a shrug. He moves beside her, kissing her cheek. "I'm certainly not complaining. Would you like some tea? Or anything at all?" "I'm fine, Arthur, but thank you." She knows how lucky she is. There are so many pureblood men out there who still view their wives as trophies, a shiny little trinkets to show off. But not Arthur. Her husband sees her as something amazing, as a partner, as an equal, and she loves him even more for that. Smiling to herself, she cuts the first piece of the cake. "Breakfast is ready."
Word Count: 302 "You've done your part," Minerva tells him. "There is nothing left to prove." Nothing left to prove. Horace almost laughs at that. Yes, he has done his part. Against his better judgement, he took a stand and led countless students, new and old, into battle. Not all of them returned. Though he did not strike the killing blow, their blood is still on his hands. It's why he has thrown himself into the rebuilding of the castle. So many other have pitched in, of course, but Horace feel like he cannot do enough. So, he does everything. He stretches himself thin because he has to ensure that they did not die for nothing. He has to be worthy, has to find redemption in one way or another. He thinks he might break. Though the stones have been scrubbed clean, he is all too aware that they had been littered with blood only days ago. He can still so vividly recall the injured and the dead. Colin Creevey was just a boy, so small in death. Nymphadora Tonks' smile never faded, even as the light from her eyes went out. So many dead. Too many. And he is still alive when they should be instead. "Come, dear." She rests a hand on his shoulder. "Have a drink with me." Horace shakes his head. "There is too much work to do. I can't… I must… I must…" Minerva presses a kiss to his cheek. "I was not asking." She takes him gently by the hand. "Dinner. A drink. I think we both need the company." He wants to protest. He cannot rest until he has been absolved and everything is right again. But he doesn't. She's right. He needs someone now, and Minerva has always been so lovely. "I suppose a drink won't hurt."
Word Count: 392 "Hold my hand," Dean says. Seamus turns to him, brows raised curiously. He does as instructed, though, melting a little at the way Dean smiles. These moments are rare. There are still those who would look at two men together and see it as wrong. But they steal their little moments and find places where they can be themselves. Today, it's at a pub near Dean's neighborhood. The West Ham match is on. Seamus doesn't understand how the Muggle boxes show moving pictures (which Dean has explained that most Muggles don't actually understand it either), but he likes to watch. "Not that I'm complaining," Seamus says, brushing his thumb over Dean's knuckles affectionately, "but why am I holding your hand?" Dean grins. "Because I'm so happy that I'm afraid I might float away." Seamus laughs. He understands that so well. There's a certain freedom that comes with loving Dean. Some days, it makes him feel weightless. Others, he thinks the butterflies in his stomach might lend him their wings and lift him into the air. The waitress comes with their plates. Seamus reluctantly lets go of Dean's hand. "You know," he says when they are alone again, "I hear there are countries where no one would even blink if two blokes were holding hands." Dean shrugs. "I don't want another country. I want this one." He dips a chip in ketchup before popping it into his mouth and eating it with a content smile. "I want to be able to walk down the street with my boyfriend, and I want to know that Mrs. Marshall down the street is still going to smile at me and mean it when she wishes me a good morning." Seamus considers this in silence. He nods. "Then let's do it." "What?" "Nothing is going to change if we keep sitting around and waiting for it to happen. Change has to start somewhere, right? Why not with us?" He can see the nervousness flash through Dean's eyes. It's terrifying, but maybe it's crazy enough to work. He knows enough about history to know that revolution only happens when people take action. Why shouldn't they? "Why not us?" Dean echoes, smiling. And when the waitress returns to refill their drinks, they are holding hands, unconcerned with anyone who may not like the idea of them being in love.
Word Count: 450 Blaise's eyes are fixed upon the pond, watching sunlight glisten over the ripples. It's beautiful and peaceful, one of his favorite things about Nott Manor. He's so caught up that he barely even notices when someone moves beside him. "Why is it whenever I'm having fun, it's wrong?" Daphne asks with a huff. He glances over at her. She squints against the sunlight for several seconds before lowering her sunglasses over her eyes. "What have you done now?" he asks, brows raising. Daphne has a strange way of looking at the world. It isn't enough for her to hold progressive thoughts (if he's honest, Blaise is happy that she does; they need to move forward and find better ways to live because the old ways were not good enough). She has to be loud with her beliefs and pick fights. Blaise wonders how much she really means it. Sometimes, he thinks she likes to just stir the cauldron, hoping for an explosion. Maybe it's just a game to her, and she will always see herself as a winner because she has the moral high ground. "Me?" She bats her eyelashes and smiles so sweetly that Blaise almost believes it. "I would never." He laughs. "Right. And I'm the Muggle queen." Daphne grins and curtsies. "Your Highness." Blaise shakes his head. She really is ridiculous, but it's just one more reason why he loves her. Like he even needs another reason. "Come on, Daph," he presses, glancing over his shoulder. He can see Theo standing at the back door of the manor, hands up, trying to soothe his grandmother. Admittedly, Deidre Nott is easy to set off, but she looks particularly vengeful today. "The old hag looks like she might actually murder you." Daphne looks back, lifting her shades as if to get a better view. She purses her lips. "Oh, dear." With a shrug, she returns her attention to the pond, her shades falling over her eyes once again. "I may or may not have implied… just a teensy bit… that I know a Muggle hairdresser who could have saved her mess of a hairdo. Honestly, that style is a crime against nature." Blaise swallows down a laugh. It's something so minor, but he can only imagine the passion Daphne put into delivering that particular sting. He shouldn't condone it because it isn't proper, but damn, his fiance is brilliant. She is a fireball, and he never wants to dim her light. With a grin, he leans in, pressing a kiss to her lips. "We should probably go. She's heading this way." Daphne looks back once again. "Isn't she like a hundred? Why is she moving so fast?" "Let's go."
Word Count: 361 James groans, and Lily resists the urge to roll her eyes. Truth be told, to injury isn't even that bad. For the most part, it's no longer bleeding; it only looks bad because the blood hasn't been washed away. They wouldn't even be at St. Mungo's under ordinary circumstances. Unfortunately, these are not ordinary. Lily doesn't know exactly what scratched him, and they don't want to take any chances. Still, she's more than a little certain her husband is milking it. "I'm dying, Lils," he says with a dramatic sniffles. "Goodbye, cruel world. Merlin! I'm so young!" "Shut up. You aren't dying." He frowns. "Heartless." Lily rolls her eyes, but she can't fight the smile that tugs at her lips. She loves him, but he really is hopeless. With a chuckle, she tucks her auburn hair behind her ear. "Keep it up, and you'll be sleeping on the sofa tonight," she says dryly. That's all it takes. James continues to scowl his annoyance, but he is blissfully quiet. The Healer comes in and examines his arm. She runs a quick diagnostic spell before chuckling and summoning a vial of Essence of Dittany and dabbing it on the jagged cut. The skin begins forming over the wound. "Don't you need to… I dunno… I feel like I need something more than that? Something for poison? An injection?" James' dark brows knit together in confusion. "It's just a cut," the Healer says, smiling at him. "Nothing special or magical about it. A little dittany, and you'll be as good as new." Lily covers her mouth, trying to muffle her laughter. So much fussing and fretting, and it's just a regular cut. James really is more dramatic than he needs to be. "Oi!" James reaches out, lightly poking her arm. "Don't laugh. I could have died!" "Keep telling yourself that." She turns to the Healer. "Thank you. Come on, James. And, since you aren't losing your arm, you're on dishes duty when we get home." The pout on his lips is all she needs. It's been a strange and hectic evening, but at least it's over. At least they can get back to normal.
For my darling Bex. Thanks for being an absolute angel. Word Count: 633 The inside of their new home is still like a maze. Boxes are stacked high, and none of them are against the wall and out of the way. Still, Kingsley can navigate them well enough. He grips the cake, carefully maneuvering and shifting his body this way and that. Some of the crimson icing catches on his beige shirt, but it's okay. It isn't the end of the world. Harry is outside, sitting on the table on the patio. He absently nibbles a Chocolate Frog, seeming to lose himself in thought. There's a pile of candy wrappers on the table in front of him. Maybe Kingsley shouldn't have gotten a cake. It seems like Harry has been indulging in his sweet tooth today already. But it's his birthday. He's allowed to enjoy himself. Harry glances up at him, grinning as he holds up a Chocolate Frog card. "I got you again." Kingsley rolls his eyes. His portrait on the card is terrible. Every time Harry gets one, Kingsley tosses it in the bin the first chance he gets. "You already have me," he chuckles, setting the cake down. Harry licks his lips. "You may not have put candles on it, but you won't stop me from making a wish. I want a puppy." "No." "So… Two puppies?" Harry asks, brows raising. Kingsley shakes his head, fighting a laugh. It's so easy to be enamored with him. Harry has truly come a long way. Gone are the days of being the awkward, nervous Chosen One. He has really grown into someone so confident, and Kingsley loves him more than he ever thought possible. "I like that thing you're doing with your voice, Kingsley," Harry says, cutting through the silence. "It's sexy." Kingsley sits across from him, confused. "I didn't say anything." "Exactly. It's sexy when you aren't telling me no." "Oh, you think you're smooth now," Kingsley teases. He loves how natural this is. By now, he can't even remember what his life was like before Harry. After the war, he had become Minister, and Harry had gone into Auror training. Their paths crossed again and again, and eventually one thing led to another. He's grateful for it. Things had been so stressful after the war. How many funerals had he gone to? How many times did he have to promise families and loved ones that they would heal, that they would somehow find strength. It had been draining, but Harry had been there for him. Against all odds, Kingsley had found a light in the darkness. That light still shines on, and he knows he would be lost without his boyfriend. "You're staring," Harry says. Kingsley offers him a soft smile. "Sorry. Come on. Let's eat." Harry smirks before gesturing at the cake. "No plates," he points out. "Unless you plan on being my plate." Kingsley snorts before drawing his wand and summoning the necessary plates, knives, and forks. He cuts Harry a piece first, then one for himself. "I didn't really wish for a puppy," Harry says, digging into his slice. "Don't tell me what you wished for," Kingsley says. "It won't come true." Harry shakes his head. "That's the thing. I didn't wish for anything at all. Why would I? I already have everything I could ever want or need right here with you." That seems to melt Kingsley's heart. A warm, fuzzy feeling spreads through his stomach, and he finds himself smiling. At least he knows that Harry feels the same. He leans back in his chair, watching the wind chimes dance in the soft breeze, their melody filling the summer air. He has a good life. Harry is by his side. The world is slowly but surely growing brighter. This is what it means to finally know true peace.
Word Count: 511 There is a boy with kind eyes and a soft smile. He takes a seat beside her, and her smile brightens. "I'm Frank," he says, his cheeks flushing pink. "Alice," she tells him. … Alice. That is the word that comes to her mind sometimes. Her brain is broken, but something within her stirs. "I…" She tips her head to the side, blinking rapidly as the words struggle to crawl up her throat. "I'm Alice." … "Well, what did you expect?" she asks, eyes rolling. "You went swimming in the lake. In December. All because James Potter dared you?" Frank groans but accepts the vial of Pepperup from the Healer. He sniffles. "Seemed like a good idea." Despite herself, Alice laughs. He is ridiculous, but maybe that's why she likes him so much. So, when the Healer isn't looking, Alice kisses his cheek. "You're hopeless," she says. "Hopelessly in love with you." … She climbs out of bed and steps outside. Frank is here. He still has kind eyes and a soft smile, but Alice thinks that something has broken in his mind too. They are damaged. That's the word the old lady with the bird hat uses. She looks so sad when she says it. And she always has a boy with her. A boy who has Frank's kind eyes and soft smile. … "You say something? Alright, pipe down! You're under arrest." Frank glowers as he says it, and the expression is so ridiculous that Alice doubles over, giggling. "Oi! I'm practicing my Auror face," he grumbles. Alice laughs even harder. She presses a quick kiss to his lips. "Very menacing," she teases. "As frightening as a baby unicorn." "Watch it," he says, brows raising. "I'll have to arrest you too." She grins, adjusting her Department of Magical Law Enforcement badge. "I'd like to see you try." … "Frank?" Does he remember? They are broken, but if she remembers, maybe there is hope for him. "Frank?" Silence. Then again, it is night. Maybe he is asleep. Maybe the dreams don't keep him awake. Maybe he will never remember her. … They dance under the moonlight. Her stomach is larger now, and Frank rests his hand on it. "Soon," he says. Alice grins. "Our Neville," she murmurs. In that moment, everything is perfect. … "You shouldn't be out of bed, dear," the Healer says, taking Alice by the hand. "Frank?" She blinks, frowning. "Where is Frank?" "Bed, dear. You can see him in the morning." "Frank! Where is Frank?" she screams, frantic. "I need help! Someone bring me a sleeping potion!" … When Neville is born, Frank is there, holding a bouquet of scarlet roses. "I thought you might like these," he says softly, smiling as he moves closer. "So, this is him. Our Neville." "Isn't he perfect?" she whispers. "Just like his mother." … She wakes with a start, her vision blurry as she looks around. She recalls kind eyes and a soft smile, and there is a name on her tongue, but she can't remember it at all.
Word Count: 389 Padma can't remember how long she's been in the library, staring at the book. Too long. The words seem to float in front of her, twisting themselves into strings of nonsense. Studying for her entrance exam to become an ambassador between wizards and various magical beings isn't at all like studying for one of Flitwick's exams. She can't remember the last time she slept for more than three hours. "I thought you might need this." Padma looks up, grinning at the familiar voice. Luna stands before her, holding out a cup of coffee. A quick sniff of the steam rising from the to-go cup confirms that it has cinnamon in it. Padma's favorite. "Luna, you're my hero," Padma says, gesturing for her girlfriend to sit. She doesn't know what she would do without Luna. Her studies have been hard, but Luna has stayed by her side, always offering her support and encouragement. "Unpopular opinion," Padma says, sipping the coffee, "but coffee is better than tea." Luna makes a face but doesn't argue. She just leans back in her chair and studies Padma with wide, curious eyes. "You're wearing the charm," she says. Padma shrugs and lifts the silver chain, revealing the strange trinket Luna gave her for her eighteenth birthday. Luna says it keeps Wrackspurts away. Padma doesn't believe in them, but she keeps the necklace on because it makes her think of Luna. "There are fewer Wrackspurts," Luna notes. "Have you found it easier to study today." Padma nods. Truthfully, it's been about the same, but the way Luna smiles and looks pleased with herself warms her heart. How could Padma ruin it. "Tomorrow is the big day." Another nod. Padma feels her stomach tighten. "You're just in time to witness my mental breakdown." She tries to keep her tone light and teasing, but her voice cracks and betrays her nerves. "Merlin, Luna. I don't know if I can do this." "You can," Luna says, and her tone is so matter-of-fact that Padma can't help but believe. It's still terrifying. There's so much that could go wrong, and her doubts keep creeping into her mind, relentless and without mercy. But Luna makes it less scary. There's a soft smile and warm, dreamy eyes, and that is enough. "Kiss me, just once, for luck?" Padma asks. Luna smiles. "Happily."
Word Count: 318 It's the first time in fifteen years that they've come home to an empty house without one of the kids. Fleur stands in the doorway, trying to wrap her head around it. "Home sweet home," Bill says with a soft chuckle. "You hear that?" Fleur tips her head to the side, straining her ears. "I do not hear hear anything," she says, lips tugging into a soft frown. Her husband wraps an arm around her, pulling her closer and kissing her cheek. "Exactly," he says. "When has it ever been this quiet?" Fleur considers. Truthfully, she can't remember anymore. Their children get along for the most part, but they are still siblings. There has been so much random, petty sibling drama over the years, and it feels like maybe her memories are stained with chaos. She chuckles. Chaos. From Dominique taking Victoire's eyeliner without permission and using it as lipstick, to Louis trying to fix breakfast and nearly burning the house down. Once, she had worried that motherhood might make her lose her mind. Now, she misses the constant noise. It hasn't even been a full day, and she doesn't know how to cope with an empty house. "What do we do?" she asks. Bill considers, brushing his thumb over his chin pensively. He steps forward, his foot coming down on an action figure Louis has left behind. Even without the kids, there is still a subtle element of chaos. Good. Fleur can't imagine life any other way. Her husband glances at her, a conspiratorial grin playing at his lips as he gestures toward the cake on the kitchen table. "Cake for dinner?" he suggests, raising his eyebrows. Fleur closes the distance between them, wrapping her arms around her husband. "You are a child," she teases affectionately. "You didn't say no." With a laugh, she draws her wand, summoning a knife and two plates. "Of course I didn't."
Word Count: 332 She has always been a good girl, the perfect daughter. Andromeda cannot remember a time where she didn't put her family first, where she didn't sacrifice her own wants and desires so that the Black family's reputation remained intact. Now, however, she wants to leave it all behind. There is something about Ted that makes her realize that some things are more important. She closes her eyes and takes a deep breath. When she opens them again, the engagement ring is still in her boyfriend's nervously trembling hand. This is her chance. Shouldn't she put herself first for once? Shouldn't she stop trying to please everyone else around her and focus on her own happiness? Her fingers brush over her violet blouse, and she swallows. It should be easy. It's just one word with one syllable, and she should be able to say it without hesitation. "I'm not supposed to marry for love," she tells him, her voice barely audible. "Doesn't love sound so much more fun than marrying for duty?" He's right. Of course he's right. Once, Andromeda had dreamt of choosing who she loved. Her parents told her that things have to be this way, and Andromeda, ever the faithful daughter, the good and dutiful one, didn't want to disappoint them. What's changed? What has given her the courage to turn her back on everything she has ever known? What has made her parents' approval suddenly so meaningless? Edward Paul Tonks. A plain name for a Muggleborn. Nothing grand or exciting. Nothing like what Andromeda is meant to want. But she does want him. She wants him so much that it causes a physical pain in her chest. Even when she is near him, it isn't enough and she is left wanting more. And now the engagement ring rests against her finger. All she has to do is say yes. So she does, and for once in her life, she doesn't care if her parents will hate her for it.
For Pairing the Character: HarryPiers Word Count: 793 Warning: mentions of abuse "Hey! Hey, Potter!" Piers calls, following after the other boy. After the moment at the park, the others went their separate ways. Piers had asked Dudley if he wanted to go after Harry, to teach the idiot a lesson about interrupting. In the end, Dudley had said no. Piers doesn't understand why the days of Harry Hunting are far behind them, or why Dudley looked so freaked out when Harry pulled out the weird stick. There are a lot of other things he doesn't understand, of course. Why is he following Harry now? What is it about the other boy that draws him in? Doesn't he only miss Harry Hunting because it gave him a chance to touch Harry? The thoughts and questions flood his mind, annoying him further. He quickens his pace, fingers curling inward to form fists. "I'm talking to you, Potter!" "Really?" Harry asks without turning to look at him. "I thought you were shouting at me." Snarky bastard. When did he get so brave? Piers catches up easily enough and grips Harry's shoulder. Harry isn't so scrawny anymore; though he isn't muscular or bulky, he has definitely grown up into something more than the fearful little boy kept under the stairs. His emerald eyes flash in annoyance when he turns to face Piers. "What?" Harry demands. But Piers doesn't have an answer. His breath hitches, and his lungs seem to forget how to function. All Piers can do is stare at him, mouth opening and closing wordlessly. Fuck. "Right," Harry says sharply, pulling out of Piers' grip. "If you haven't got anything to say, I'll just be—" His sentence dies. Harry shivers and looks off in the distance. Before Piers can attempt to make sense of the sudden change in Harry's demeanor, he feels the temperature drop several degrees. Emotions flicker through Harry's eyes; he is afraid, but he also seems to understand what is happening. Harry takes Piers by the hand. "Run." But Piers can't seem to move. The chill sinks deeper into his body, freezing him in place. "Piers! Run!" The chill changes to something else, something so much worse. Dread washes over him, and the world is suddenly drained of all its glorious color. "Useless! Absolutely useless!" His mother screams as she digs her nails into his arm. "Get up, you worthless thing! Up!" She's dead. She's dead, and this can't be real. "Outside!" Four-year-old Piers is still in urine-soaked pajamas when his father tosses him out into the snow. "And you can stay there all night, boy. Piss wherever you bloody feel like, since you're too stupid to use a toilet." Piers is vaguely aware of pain shooting through his body. Has he fallen? He can't be sure. It feels like there is a weight on him, like a giant block of ice has been lowered onto his chest. "You'll never amount to anything," his mother says with a sneer as she locks him in his room. Oh, she had been right. What does he have to show for his life? He is a bully, a twisted and broken boy who only knows how to hurt others. His cousin and guardian Max swears again and again that Piers is worthy of love, that he can be something amazing, but Piers doesn't see it. Piers can hear Harry, but the other boy sounds so far away. Harry's words are strange and don't even seem to be English at all. Latin, maybe? In the back of his mind, he thinks it sounds like something Mr. Carson, his old Latin teacher, might say. The weight is gone. Slowly but surely, the chill seems to fade. He's vaguely aware that Harry is beside him. "Can you hear me?" Piers blinks and shudders. "Cold," he mutters. "Come on. Get up. Eat some chocolate and you'll feel better." Piers doesn't try to move. Instead, he reaches up and pulls Harry close. The other boy tenses, no doubt aware that Piers' hands have been used only for destruction for so long. He doesn't want to be that way anymore. He's tired of hurting everyone because he's been hurt. He wants to hold Harry in another way, in a way he is still so afraid to admit, even to himself. "Don't leave me," Piers whispers. "Please…" Say it, you coward. "I want you to stay with me," he says. Because I love you. Because I always have. Because I only beat you up because if I admitted the truth, I would have been a target. "Because I'm scared." Maybe he'll be able to tell the truth one day. For now, he was take comfort in something that isn't a total lie, and he will take baby steps until he is a better person.
Word Count: 377 Lily scowls to herself as she chops the onions. There's a spell to make it go much faster, but she prefers it the Muggle way. At the moment, she is annoyed with James, and there's something comforting about the motions of the knife. Her eyes flicker out the window. The grey skies have darkened further, and rain mercilessly pounds against the house. James should have been home an hour ago. "Lils? Hey, sorry I'm late!" Lily turns, still dripping the knife. She scowls when she sees her husband, dripping wet and making a mess on the floor. "I can't believe you did that," she says, eyes narrowing. "Not only did you get home late without a word, now you're all wet, and just… James Potter, you are an irritating man!" "I can fix that," he tells her, and Lily only notices the box in his hands when he sets it aside. He retrieves his wand and mutters a quick spell that leaves both him and the floor dry. "See? All better." Lily shrugs. She knows she has been too hard on James, but her husband can feel like a real handful sometimes. "Would you like to know why I'm late?" She nods. "I thought something happened to you." It's an admission she hates making, but it's a sad truth. The war means she never knows which goodbye might be her last. James' expression is something between pain and sadness. Still, he smiles, and it's enough to make her relax, if only a little. "Oh, Lily. You know not even ol' Moldyshorts can keep me away from you." She laughs, though the sound is dry and strained. "I suppose in just being silly." James reaches out and grabs the box again, grinning. "I thought it was such a gloomy day. What could be better than doughnuts on a day like this?" He opens the box, revealing a dozen chocolate glazed doughnuts. "I couldn't remember which filling you liked. Had to find Remus to help me." Lily takes one, biting into it. The Bavarian cream is sweet on her tongue. A satisfied moan escapes her lips. "Am I forgiven?" James asks. She takes another bite, smiling. "Doughnuts in exchange for forgiveness?" she teases. "I'd say that's a fair trade."
