Dungeon Five Hello, everyone! This is a Hogwarts-Era AU I wrote for the DG Fic Exchange in 2018 and it contains mature sexual themes—I'll put a warning in the specific chapter. A huge thank you to my wonderful Beta. This would have been complete shit without her. Enjoy. . . . Draco Malfoy was having a terrible day. It was just another universal truth: the sky is blue, Potty stinks, Draco Malfoy was having a terrible day. Simple as that. It started with an annoying headache the moment he opened his eyes to the green, silk curtains of his four poster bed. When he went looking for a potion to take care of it, he tripped on Pansy's cloak—honestly, the bint was a menace and left all of her things out of place for the elves to take care of. Now, with a considerable bruise on his shin, courtesy of his ruddy settee that he could swear just up and attacked him, he found out he was out of headache potion. His day got progressively worse from there and he had half a mind to go back to sleep and beg Merlin to let him start again. Breakfast was disastrous. Blaise "accidentally" ate all of the french toast, and then he met his father on the way to the Slytherin team changing room. His father who was apparently having a shitty day too and had decided to watch the first game of the season with some of the other governors of the Board. Draco knew that it was just a pretence for some kind of politics. Short conversation with even shorter tempers aside, it was no time at all before he was up in the air. And losing terribly. One hour into the game and they managed to take down McLaggen—the Gryff's Keeper—with a nicely aimed Bludger to the head. But that was as far as they got. It didn't matter that Weasel was shaking on top of that thing he called a broom and couldn't save a single shot when he subbed as Keeper. It didn't matter at all because the She-Weasel seemed to be glued to the bloody Quaffle. Half the time she was scoring on them and the other half she was stealing their passes. If Draco hadn't been in such a foul mood, he would have been impressed. It seemed as if the gods or whatever the fuck controlled the sky was sharing his thoughts because the sun hadn't once peaked from between the grey clouds. No sun meant no light to reflect on the Snitch, and no Snitch in sight meant furthering their massacre. It didn't matter that Pansy liked to call him a Drama Queen—and, really, Queen? He much rather be a Drama King—Draco Malfoy was having a terrible day, and no one could say otherwise. However, he'd never been the kind of man to sit by and take whatever shitty hand was given to him quietly. Draco prided himself in being cunning and hardworking enough to get what he wanted. The insufferable mudblood got better grades than him? Not for long. Potty was being unreasonable and denying him friendship to side with the King Weasel? Well, Draco would show him. He couldn't change the weather, though. Nor could he magically get rid of his progressively intense headache or even change this catastrophe of a game's outcome. There was only one thing that could make his day better now and that was to see the look of utter rage on Four Eye's face. With renewed sense of purpose, Draco passed the teachers' and outsiders' stands and had to suppress a shiver. He could feel his father's annoyed gaze on his back. Lucius apparently had no sympathy for how bad of a day his son was having and must have been hoping Slytherin would win the match. Draco felt a little better just thinking that the almost-guaranteed loss was going to piss his father off. He was next to Potter in no time and from there on it was as easy as breathing to rile his rival up. One stab at his intelligence here, a word about his mother there, and he was rewarded with the red-faced, rage-filled look he was so used to seeing. All was well in life. A grin—small as it was—even made it on his face before he realised something. It seemed he had, for the first time in his life, underestimated Potter. Maybe he had gone a tiny bit too far, or, more probably, Potty was having as bad a day as he was. It didn't matter the reason. The next thing he knew was the idiot's fist connecting with his nose before everything went black. ' Ginny Weasley was having a great day. She had woken up to find her hair surprisingly well-behaved and her usual morning lethargicness nowhere in sight. Her roommates were still their overly-enthusiastic selves, sure, but it hardly mattered because today was the day. She had finally made Chaser last year after long nights training with the twins' old Cleansweep in secret. All that training had panned out into hard-earned success, now was the start of a new season and she knew it would be good. Absolutely nothing could get her mood down. She headed downstairs already dressed in her Quidditch robes and paused slightly when she entered the Great Hall to search for her friends. Colin's dirty-blond head caught her attention from somewhere in the middle of the Gryffindor table, and she set her course. Before she could go much farther, she felt fingers grabbing hers and pulling lightly. Ginny turned to look at Ritchie Coote. He was in her year and one of the Beaters for Gryffindor and could actually make her laugh if he tried hard enough, which he often did. His dark skin and chocolate eyes weren't bad on the eyes at all, and he had taken to flirting with her of late. "Coote," she greeted with a nod and let her fingers linger in his for a moment longer before extracting them. "Hey, Ginny." He beamed in the way that showed many pearly white teeth and, if she was being honest, always succeeded in blindsiding her for a minute. "Ready for today?" "You betcha." She winked at him and continued on her way to Colin. She had admittedly been a bit curt, especially if she wanted something more from him. The thing was, she wasn't exactly sure she did. This was her sixth year; she was supposed to enjoy it with a nice beau on the arm, and Ritchie was kind of cute, but she had a little too much on her plate to be considering anything serious right now. The teachers had decided to pummel them with homework, and she was pretty sure she was failing potions, so dating wasn't exactly something she had in mind. Besides, after the disaster with Dean, she had learned her lesson. Boys had absolutely no idea how to keep things casual. The slight dampening to her mood was immediately lifted as she sat down across from Colin and saw him dressed from head to toe in red and gold. Today was Gryffindor's big game against Slytherin, the season opener, and she was ready to crush some snakes. After a short breakfast, Harry gathered the team and they headed for the changing rooms together. Ginny tied her hair back and tuned out his pep talk. She loved Harry like a brother nowadays, but good Godric, he was terrible at public speaking. Her story with him was also complicated, to say the least. When she was in her fourth year, and beyond annoyed that Michael Corner had gone for Cho Chang after she broke up with him, she had—after one too many butterbeers at the Three Broomsticks—fallen into Harry's bed. Her eleven-year-old self had been happy at the time, but she had quickly realised what a huge mistake it had been. First of all, she'd found out that Harry really wasn't who she wanted. Then there was the whole drama with her brother where Ron hadn't spoken to either of them for nearly a month before the twins intervened. Now, she was happy to shove Harry into the box strictly named 'Brother' and never let her eleven-year-old self make any kind of decision regarding her love life ever again. Finally, Harry ended his crappy speech and they were up in the air. Ginny found herself grinning as the crowd roared and her blood pumped excitedly. This was it. Right here, she was completely in her element. She didn't have any explanations as to where she got her energy other than that she was having a really good day. She hardly even noticed when McLaggen was hit and her brother took his place. Instead, she intercepted pass after pass from the Slytherin Chasers and scored goal after goal. The rush was amazing. Until it all crashed when the crowd screamed and gasped in horror. She turned her head just in time to see the big git Malfoy blacking out from Harry's punch and sliding off his broom. Time seemed to slow, allowing Ginny to make a couple of assessments. The first one being that she hadn't known Harry could throw a punch like that. The second, and arguably the most important, was that the Great White Ferret was falling to his death and, as the seconds ticked by, it became obvious that she was the only one close enough to do anything about it. So she did. She barely had to think before her arm shot out and grabbed him by the back of his robes. The extra weight pulled her broom closer to the ground, but she kept her thigh muscles tight around the wood and used both hands to stabilise him. The descent was slowed as the crowd applauded her for her heroism. Time sped faster after that. The teachers were already converging on the pitch with Madam Pomfrey in the centre and some other adults she didn't know in the back. Everyone was rushing by and then Malfoy was levitated back to the castle. The game continued. Slytherin's reserve Seeker made a fool of himself and Harry quickly caught the Snitch. There was barely any applause, though, and what was supposed to be a great match ended up giving Ginny a bad taste in her mouth. ' There were a few things Draco noticed when he came to. First was his father. Lucius was standing near the foot of his bed and looked pissed. The second thing was that he was in the Hospital Wing. Nowhere else had that particular smell of health potions and cleaning spells. The third and last thing he noticed was that the headache he'd been complaining about was infinitely worse and, by then, that was the only thing he could focus on. "Fuck." His hand met his head and felt around his still tender nose. Madam Pomfrey was immediately on him, forcing terrible tasting potions down his throat and waving her wand around his nose. When his headache got a little better, he was able to hear the conversation going on. "I demand the boy be properly punished." "Come now, Lucius. Mr. Potter has already been given detentions," the headmaster responded. "He should be tried for assault," a pompous voice called from behind his father, and Draco guessed it was from one of the more brownnosing members of the Board. "Ah, but that would be the same thing as to assume that Mr. Malfoy didn't provoke Mr. Potter," the headmaster said, showing off his typical favouritism for Potter. "Potter showed complete disregard for my son's life, Headmaster. The least that should be done is to strip him of his captaincy." Draco knew that tone of voice. It was the same one his father used to discipline him and it still left him feeling chastised even if it hadn't been directed at him. "Very well, Lucius. Although, you should know that I can't let Draco go unpunished. It would set a bad example for the rest of the students. It was clear that Harry had been provoked. "What kind of punishment do you have in mind, Headmaster?" "A month of detentions should do it." Draco knew that his father was getting progressively pissed. Normally, he would have gladly sat back and watched the spectacle unfold, but today he was just not in the mood. Madam Pomfrey was still working on his nose, his headache hadn't gone away, and he just didn't want to deal with his father's manipulating right now. So he intervened. "A month sounds appropriate, Professor." He cleared his throat and looked around the fat figure of the school's nurse to the old man. "I must apologise for my behaviour. It was most unfitting of a Head Boy and team captain. I will take whatever punishment you see fit." The words were polite, but they were also a reminder to his father of his accomplishments. That he was still coming out of this on top never hurt either. His father frowned at him as Madam Pomfrey finished her work and began clean up duty. Lucius looked well and truly pissed and it made Draco hesitant for a second. But one thing he'd learned from his father was how important connections were. So what if his father always said Dumbledore was an old coot who should be retired. The reality was that this old coot was the headmaster and Head of the Wizengamot, and if Draco wanted to intern as secretary for the Minister of Magic that summer, he had to suck it up and endure the old fartbag. "Ah, Draco," The old man looked at him from above his half-moon spectacles. "It's good to see you've awakened." "A month of detentions is completely out of proportion. My son already has a broken nose; there is absolutely no need for such a stain on his records." Well, no one could say his father gave up easily. "Very well," the headmaster began, and Draco suddenly felt uneasy to see that particular gleam in the professor's eyes. "Perhaps we can come to an agreement." "I'm listening." His father motioned impatiently with his gloved hand. "There is a sixth-year student in need of tutoring for Potions who could benefit from young Mr. Malfoy's help in the subject." Draco barely had to think this through. It would prevent a month's worth of detentions from showing up on his records when he applied for the internship and even possibly increase his chances of getting in. Tutoring was good to have on your CV, right? Kind of like charity and shit? He spoke up before his father could. "That is a great idea, Professor. Thank you for this opportunity." He met his father's gaze but had to lower his eyes when he saw the flicker of annoyance. His eyes met the Headmaster's instead and that gave him pause. The almost mischievous glint he saw in the old coot's eyes was enough to send a shiver of apprehension down his spine. What had he gotten himself into? . Ginny looked at the spiral stairs behind the gargoyle worriedly. The last time she'd been in the Headmaster's office was in her first year after she blackmailed the twins into letting her into one of their more malicious pranks. She'd ran as fast as she could when they had heard Filch approaching, but in the end Mrs. Norris had found her hiding place. She thought she had done a good job of playing it off and ending up with only a detention for being out past curfew. Ginny had learned a valuable lesson that day and that was to never get caught again. Today she felt irrational fear as she set up the steps. Maybe this was about that prank against McLaggen last week? It wasn't her fault he was being a troll and needed to be taught a lesson. But no, she had made sure that particular incident couldn't be traced back to her, and surely the Headmaster had better things to worry about that Saturday. Harry had punched Malfoy straight off his broom. And she knew Malfoy's dad had been in school earlier that day. She frowned when she thought about how much he could make Harry's life a living hell, even with all the influence her friend had. It was no use to ponder on it any longer, though. She'd arrived. "Ah, Ms. Weasley. Glad you could make it," Professor Dumbledore said, as if he hadn't basically ordered her to his office. He was sitting on the plush chair behind the large mahogany table with his hands crossed on top of it. And Professor McGonagall was there next to him. Ginny inwardly began to go through all the reasons for both her headmaster and head of house wanting to speak to her. "Professor…" She tried to muster some courage to give them a polite response, but only managed a short nod of acknowledgement. "Lemon drop?" he offered with a casual swing of his hand towards a crystal recipient full of yellow candy. "Uh, no." Ginny stared at the old professors with wide eyes before rushing to finish. "Thank you, Professor." "You must be wondering why you were called here today." He looked at her over his half-moon spectacles with a benign smile that calmed some of her nerves. Ginny didn't have time to reply because, apparently, Professor McGonagall couldn't take too much of small talk. "Mr. Potter got stripped of his captaincy this morning and barely kept his position as Seeker." She looked out the window, frowning in the direction of the pitch. "And got a month's worth of detentions, of course." Ginny's eyebrows climbed up her forehead. "Harry got demoted?" She shook her head slightly. "Does that mean McLaggen is captain now?" She wrinkled her nose in disgust. The team would be fine in his hands, but that didn't mean she liked the jerk. "Not exactly, Ms. Weasley," the headmaster said with a small smile. "We were, in fact, considering you for the role." "Me?" This was everything she'd ever hoped to hear, but she had figured it probably wouldn't happen until her last year. There were other players who had seniority over her, even if they didn't surpass her in skill. She couldn't believe this was happening. "Yes, Ms. Weasley. You." Professor Dumbledore chuckled under his breath before he crushed her hopes. "The only condition is for you to have passing grades in Potions. From what I hear from Professor Slughorn, you are almost failing the subject." "But, Professor," Ginny pleaded, "I don't think I'm going to take my N.E.W.T.s for Potions. I don't even need it if I'm going to be in the Harpies!" "Very well," the old man said, lifting her spirits completely before crushing them yet again. "If being captain isn't that important to you, I will give the position to Mr. McLaggen. Perhaps I should reconsider things and take you off the team entirely. Surely the extra time would do your grades some good." "Professor, you can't!" Ginny was flabbergasted. Never in all her life would she have imagined herself in this situation. One look at the raised eyebrow of her headmaster told her he wasn't kidding. "All right! Fine, I'll get my grades up." "Wonderful, Ms. Weasley! Truly wonderful." The old man clapped his hands together, and she could barely refrain herself from glaring at him. "Your tutor will be Draco Malfoy. You are to meet him this Monday after dinner in Dungeon Five and once more this week. The tutoring should happen for two hours, twice a week. I'm sure the both of you can arrange some time that is convenient for you both." Ginny couldn't form a single sentence. Scratch that, she couldn't form a single sentence that didn't contain one curse word. Or seven. What had she ever done to deserve this? She almost called the whole thing off and gave up, but she couldn't give up Quidditch. It was her life. Ever since she was a little girl, she knew she wanted to be like Gwenog Jones. She knew she could make it to the Holyhead Harpies. "Are you sure you can't assign me another tutor?" She knew she was grasping at straws. "Harry?" She cringed even before the name was out of her mouth. "Very well now, Ms. Weasley. Off you go. I have another appointment with a student who'll be here anytime now." Apparently her question wasn't even worthy of a reply. Fighting back a monumental sigh, Ginny got up and moved to the exit before her temper got the best of her. Or worse. Before she cried. When she was about to descend the stairs, she accidentally bumped into someone coming up. "Oops, sorry," she said, steadying herself on strong arms. She had half a second to recognise Draco Malfoy before he seemed to do the same and instantly sneered at her. "Watch it, Weasel." He let her go so abruptly she almost lost her balance again. "Hey, you should be thanking me, not being your usual gittish self, Ferret." "Thank you for almost head butting me down the stairs?" He raised an incredulous eyebrow at her. Ginny stared bewildered at him. "No one told you?" "No one told me what?" Malfoy rolled his eyes. "Never mind. I don't have time for this." He moved past her, but she didn't let him go any further. "I caught you before you fell today." She saw him pause with his back still to her. "You wouldn't be alive if it weren't for me." It was with great pleasure that she saw his shoulders tense. Pureblood tradition dictated that he now owed her a life debt. Her family wasn't exactly all into tradition, but his definitely was. That would teach him. He turned his face towards her so she could see his aristocratic profile and the mocking smirk gracing his lips. "Do you want a medal for that?" And with that he was gone. He entered Dumbledore's office, leaving her with an open mouth in disbelief. What an arsehole! With an angry huff, she turned away from the door and started making her way back to the pitch. She needed to work off some steam. . At first, Draco had thought that tutoring was not exactly a great idea—he wouldn't go that far—but maybe a not so bad one. He could keep a month's worth of detentions off his records, which was great. He also escaped the fate of having almost every Saturday occupied, which would have been absolute hell. Almost all the parties at Hogwarts were on Saturdays, and Draco was sure the old coot knew that. There was even a bonus of having tutoring written down on his curriculum vitae; it surely couldn't hurt when applying for the undersecretary internship. He had been wrong. It was bad and it did hurt. It was worse than he could have possibly imagined because the old fartbag had given him Ginny Weasley as a student. They had to meet twice every week and the redheaded heathen had to have passing grades come the midterms in late January. That meant two whole months with her. Detentions were sounding like heaven. He didn't have much to say about the stupid bint other than that she was a stupid Gryffindor with far too many freckles and far too little influence in society. That is, if you didn't count the whole stupid Order of the Phoenix bullshit. Which he certainly didn't. He didn't know much about her, but one thing he did know. She was the Weasley Git's baby sister, and that alone was enough to make him hate her. With a great sigh, Draco reclined against the headrest of the tub in his private Head Boy quarters. Her last parting words were troubling. If it was true and she had indeed saved him from the fall, then he was indebted to her. A life debt. The kind that was branded into his magic and hers, and also the kind he couldn't ignore. He needed to find out if it was true. He needed to find someone to tell him what exactly had happened. But that could wait until he finished his bath. . It was true. According to Blaise, he'd gotten knocked out cold and if it hadn't been for the Chaser who'd been strategically positioned beneath them, he would be dead. Now, he didn't know the exact specifics regarding life debts and neither did he want to research that. What he did know was that the least he could do was to not antagonise her and to actually have something prepared to teach her come Monday. And that's what he did. Draco spent the rest of his Saturday going through last year's notes and familiarising himself with the sixth-year curriculum again. It was all ridiculously simple to him, but he guessed not everyone else had the same genes. By the time Monday came, he wasn't any more ready to have to spend two hours with the younger girl, but he had at least gotten his resentment under control. Mostly. He had dinner as slowly as he could, even going as far as to enthusiastically engage in the conversation going on around him. Before long, it was time to go, so he turned to Pansy. "All right, love." He kissed her on the lips and was glad that it got her to stop talking. "I have to go now. See you tomorrow."He left before she could say anything else. He went down the familiar path to the dungeons, but instead of turning left to go to his rooms, he turned right. At the end of the hall was Dungeon Five. The classroom had been where he'd found his passion in Potions. It was in his third year, back when Professor Snape was still a teacher before the older man had retired. The good thing about the classroom was that, despite it often being dirty from where the first to third years practiced, there was an unused office connected to it. Draco gingerly crossed the stained floor to where the other door in the room was and entered, leaving both doors open so Weasley could see him when she came in. His nose wrinkled in disgust at the sight that met him. The whole floor was filled with dust and the ceiling with cobwebs. There was a sofa on the far left that he reckoned used to be Slytherin green, a settee next to it and across from both, a desk. All of which were suspiciously clean. He narrowed his eyes. He'd never used this particular room for these kind of activities, but he knew what it meant. This was a hookup spot. Just his luck. With an annoyed huff and an agitated hand running through his platinum-blond hair, Draco made his way towards the chair behind the desk and sat down. He figured that was the safest place. He turned around almost lazily and set the fire going in the fireplace before crossing his hands over his stomach and preparing to wait. And wait he did. It must have been at least fifteen minutes before he gave up any pretence at patience and got up to pace around the room. She was making him wait. When he was about to give up and go to his rooms, he heard footsteps coming closer. Ginny Weasley entered the office. "You're late," he ground through his teeth while giving her his best glower. It appeared that she wasn't the kind of girl to take any shit, because she immediately glared right back at him. "I'm not late." "Yes, you are. Professor Dumbledore clearly said that we were to meet here after dinner." "Dinner isn't over yet." She looked at him as if he was crazy. Oh. Well. In that case. "It's common courtesy to arrive at least ten minutes before a set time." He looked down his nose at her. "Which I did." She rolled her brown eyes. "Not that you deserve any type of courtesy, but it's still fifteen minutes before dinner ends." He actually had no response. Not that he would ever admit it, so he just sniffed and returned to his safe chair. Draco watched her as she looked around the room and wrinkled her nose just as he had before. "This place is nasty." And with simple waves of her wand, all the dust and cobwebs vanished. "How did you do that?" He tried to hide the astonishment in his voice and was quite happy that he succeeded. "It's just a simple Scourgify." She frowned at him. "Have you never done a cleaning spell in your life?" Draco scoffed. "That's what house-elves are for." He was amused by the weird face she made at him, but his features remained stoic as ever. "Maybe you should clean those too." He pointed towards the furniture he had avoided earlier. "I'm not your servant," she snapped, and Draco rolled his eyes. "Clearly." He shrugged at her angry huff. "Suit yourself. I'm not the one that'll have to indirectly come into contact with other people's arses." "What?" she asked him blankly. "Look around you." A smirk crawled up his face. "The only previously clean things in the room were this table, the sofa and the settee." When she continued to look at him with the same blank expression on her face, he huffed annoyedly. "Come on, don't tell me you're a prude." Weasley's face contorted in horror as she finally realised to what he was alluding. "You mean, this—ugh." Her nose wrinkled again and she even shook her head a bit. Draco found himself fighting back a laugh. Even though he had decided that he would treat her civilly, it didn't mean he would give her any familiarity. The girl used her wand to clean everything at least twice before she sat down in the chair opposite him with a very unladylike huff that made the tiny strands that had fallen free from her ponytail bounce. Draco pretended he hadn't been staring at her and dug out his old notes. "Here is everything I have on sixth-year Potions." Weasley raised an eyebrow at the not at all impressive amount of parchment in his hands. "That's it?" she asked suspiciously. The nerve of her. "Yes, that's it. Read it, study it, and if you have any questions, don't ask me." There. He figured that was civil enough, right? He had managed not to make any comments on how ridiculously easy Potions was. With that, he dug out his Transfiguration homework and proceeded to ignore her for the next hour. Until he finally had enough of her sighs, that is. "What, Weasley?" He scowled at his half-written essay. "This isn't working." She dropped his notes carelessly on the desk. "It doesn't make sense for teachers to ask us to do this ridiculously difficult potion that nobody can actually do right! What is even the point of this shit?" Draco rolled his eyes. "The point isn't to get it right. It's to familiarise students with different types of procedures." "Why doesn't he just ask us to do the ingredients preparation and be done with it?" She frowned at him, her brown eyes reflecting her frustration like an open book. "I reckon Slughorn thinks it's supposed to show us the intricacies of potion making." Draco shrugged. "Besides, the only potion he actually asks you to make in the first term is the Draught of Living Death. Wait until you get to poisons. Then you'll have a hard time." And with that he was done with chit chat and went back to his homework. It wasn't even a full minute, however, before another sigh came from the other side of the desk. Draco took a deep breath and gave the redhead a bored look. "Study the ingredients and how they react, Weasley. The rest will come much easier if you know that by heart." He pretended not to watch as she scoured her book and frowned unhappily. "There isn't anything about the ingredients in this," she complained. Draco hummed in response and waited for her annoyed huff before saying anything. "There's a book in the library called Magical Ingredients by Arsenius Jigger. He's the one who wrote the textbook we used in our first year and is a much better writer than the baboon who wrote our sixth and seventh-year books." Draco took a deep breath and gathered all the patience he had. "Bring it the next time we meet and I'll walk you through it." She-Weasel looked at him half in incredulity and half in relief. Draco noticed for the first time that her uniform tie was missing and the top few buttons of her blouse were unbuttoned. The skin revealed was surprisingly captivating to look at except for the tiny spot he found there. He was shaken out of his thoughts when he realised she was nodding. "Okay." She bit the inside of her lower lip. "I have a free period Wednesday after lunch." Draco scowled a bit at how she said it. It sounded too much like they were simply setting up a time to see each other and not like they had been practically forced into this. It was no use getting worked up over it, though, so he decided to let it go. "Me too, but I have Quidditch practice. Thursday after dinner?" "That's when the pitch is booked for my team." Weasley shook her head at him. "Friday, then?" Draco fought a wince. Pansy usually spent Friday nights in his dorm with him and she didn't take well to having her plans cancelled. He knew it had to be Friday, though, because otherwise they would have to meet on the weekend, and that was something he did not want to ever happen. "Fine." He got up and started putting his stuff back in his Italian leather messenger bag. "Keep the notes for now, but I want them back in one piece when this is over." He didn't wait for her reply and simply left the classroom without a backwards glance. . . . Steph's Prompt #2 Basic premise: Sixth-year Ginny Weasley must raise her potions grade or be suspended from the quidditch team. Draco Malfoy is her tutor. Must haves: loads of snark and sexual tension, enemies to lovers No-no's: extreme ooc, Ginny being a total harpy (and I don't mean the pro quidditch kind) Rating range: T-M Bonus points: Ron blustering about a Malfoy tutoring his baby sister, and Ginny defending Draco (even though she's just as unhappy about it as Ron)
Dungeon Five Ch. 2 Draco was right about Pansy. She was completely livid when he said that he would have to cancel their usual Friday night hangout. "And is there a reason for you to ditch me on our date night?" Pansy basically screeched as she went about collecting her clothes around his room. She put on each piece aggressively as if they had done something against her. "The old fool assigned me the baby weasel for tutoring because of my last … conversation with Four Eyes." Draco stretched beneath his silk bedsheets and put a hand between his head and pillow to see the dark-haired girl better. "So you're telling me"—she turned to him wearing only the bottom part of her uniform and a vicious glare, her stylish bob in complete disarray—"that you couldn't teach the red harlot any other day of the week?" "Yes, Pansy." He sighed impatiently. "Our schedules didn't match this week." "Your—" She huffed in disbelief. "Your schedules don't match! I'm your schedule!" Draco winced at her screech and sat up in bed. "You're being unreasonable, Pans." He saw her reaching for the pillow that he had used to prop her hips on minutes before and just barely managed to dodge as it was aimed straight at his head. "I'm being unreasonable?" Pansy finished putting on her shirt and huffed angrily. "Do you even know what day this Friday is?" By her expression, he was sure he was supposed to know, but try as he might, he couldn't remember anything important. "No," Draco said with a sigh, and got up to at least put his boxers on. He felt that this conversation was walking towards something that he didn't want to go through without any pants on. "It's our anniversary, Draco!" She threw her hands in the air. "Our anniversary is on the second, Pans." He turned to her after putting on his grey silk pyjama pants and was actually surprised to find tears in her eyes. Tears and Pansy weren't something that were supposed to be in the same sentence unless the sentence was: Pansy brought someone to tears. "You don't count breaks! Our original anniversary has been the twenty-second ever since we were in fourth year, Draco!" She sniffed and something tugged on his chest at the sight of her. "Don't you care about me?" "Stop blowing this out of proportion, love," Draco tried to reason with her. "You're my best friend. Of course I care about you. And, besides, I'll make it up to you." He crossed the distance between them and took her face in his hands before pressing his lips to hers. Pansy leaned against him before her long fingers came to rest on his chest to push him slightly away. "I can't keep doing this to myself," she whispered against his lips, almost as if to herself, and Draco finally had enough. Ever since the end of fourth year, they had broken up and gotten back together at least seven times. It was always the same thing. Pansy got too overbearing, Draco lost his patience, they fought, broke up, hooked up with other people, and ended up back together a few weeks later. The thing was, they really were best friends and the sex was good. It was hard to remember sometimes that they weren't actually together. Falling into bed again was easy. She pushed him away completely and turned her back to him. "What the fuck, Pansy?" She already had her bag in her hands and her feet almost out the door when she turned around with tear tracks on her tanned cheeks. "We're over, Draco." Her voice was kind of hoarse and the look in her eyes wasn't one he'd ever seen before. Draco could only watch as the door closed behind her. This didn't feel like all the other times they'd broken up. Those had always happened with lots of screams and things thrown around. And Pansy had never looked as heartbroken as she had just a few minutes before. With a sigh, he made a beeline for his bathroom. What he needed in that moment was a very hot shower. . It was dinner Friday night and Pansy had yet to speak to him. There was no obvious attempts at getting his attention, like usual. No subtle glances and not so subtle touches. Draco wouldn't go as far as to say that he was worried, but things surely weren't going as he thought they would. He sat in front of Blaise and tried not to frown when he saw her sitting with Daphne a few seats down without even looking at him. "You two broke up again?" his friend asked, unworried as he twirled some pasta. Draco hummed but said nothing else. He was about to go back to his dinner when movement from the Gryffindor table caught his attention. The She-Weasel was making her way out of the Great Hall. One look at his watch showed that he was cutting it close on the time, so he went about drinking the rest of his pumpkin juice and got his things ready to go. "Do you need to be somewhere?" Blaise raised an eyebrow at him. "As a matter of fact, I do." Draco nodded at the cinnamon-skinned boy and left it at that. He followed several paces behind the redhead and in no time at all they were in Dungeon Five. "Are you going to keep on following me like a creep?" Weasley asked when they entered the office, without even looking at him. Draco scoffed. "I wasn't following you. We were heading in the same direction." The girl shot him a look when she put her things on the table and sat down on the chair she had used on their first meeting. "What?" he said. "Would you prefer we left the Great Hall together?" He sat down across from her, and she snorted. "Not yet." She shrugged. "But if we're going to the same place, it makes sense to walk together, right?" "Not yet?" He ignored her question. "Well..." She winced a bit. "Ron doesn't know yet." "Ah." Draco smirked. "Would the Big Twit be angry?" "Don't call him that!" He leaned against the back of the chair and raised an eyebrow at her. "Why didn't you tell him?" "Ron would make a big deal out of this, and I honestly don't need the extra drama in my life." Weasley opened the book he'd recommended she get.. "This book is really well-written." "Hmm." Draco nodded, allowing her to change the subject. "If you cross reference using that with the ingredients in the potions you're having problems with, your life will be much easier. When is your next assignment due?" He watched as she bit the end of her quill and tried not to scowl at how unsanitary it looked. "Next Thursday." She frowned at the book in front of her as if it was Slughorn himself. "Right." He briefly looked at her before opening up his own homework ."Start it right now. Only a simple sketch of where you want to take it. I'll help you from there." And for the next hour, the only sounds were from their quills on the parchment and her occasional nibbling. "Uh, Malfoy?" He looked up from his notes, almost startled, and saw that she was bitting her lower lip uncertainly. "I think I'm done." "You think?" He challenged with a raised eyebrow and dry tone of voice. "I am finished." She frowned confrontationally at him before shoving her parchment in his direction. Draco smoothed it out and started reading. And proceeded to have his mind blown. Who the fuck knew Baby Weasel was hiding some brains behind that garish red head of hers? He could understand now why she had trouble with Potions. It was a pretty straightforward subject: you follow a recipe and get an expected result, and if you don't, you screw up. But the thing was, there was little space for critical thinking and experimenting and that, apparently, was where the Gryffindor in front of him seemed to be particularly skilled. The essay was on the different possibilities that could come if one or two ingredients were changed in the potions they'd studied so far that year, and it looked like she had sound foundation for how to write it. "This looks good," he said at last. "Not at all work from someone who is failing Potions." "Yeah." She huffed in annoyance to try and hide the satisfaction on her face. "The thing is I'm bad at brewing potions." "There's a recipe." He looked incredulously at her. "It's just like cooking. You follow the instructions and get the results." "Yeah, well, the last time I tried to cook anything, I managed to scorch the kitchen wall." She crossed her arms over her chest. Draco looked at her in amusement before handing her essay back and directing her on where to find the information she would need to get at least an Exceeds Expectations. They worked in surprisingly companionable silence for a while before their two hours were up. "Can we agree on Wednesday afternoon?" He asked casually while putting his things away. "Yeah." She tightened her ponytail and turned to him. "Is three okay?" They started walking out of the classroom. "That's fine." They didn't pause in the hallway outside, each taking their different paths as Weasley called without looking back, "See you." . It was finally Saturday and Draco wanted nothing more than to head to whatever party the students had come up with and get shit-faced drunk. Pansy breaking up with him had taken away the easy sex from his night, but maybe he could woo some other girl when he got there. Blaise and him went together, as usual, to one of the abandoned towers where there were lots of rooms and lots of space for dancing. They were instantly bombarded with the loud bass of some Weird Sisters song when they crossed the magical sound barrier. Today, it was mostly the older students, and it seemed that his and Blaise's "fashionably late" style had been borderline "you got here too late and everybody else is drunk or passed out". No matter. He could see a big table in the corner filled with drinks, and that's where he was headed. Draco quickly downed three shots of some subpar firewhisky before pouring a generous cup and nursing it slowly. He turned around to offer Zabini some, but ended up getting a free show of his friend's abs as a sixth-year Ravenclaw snogged him senselessly and eagerly bunched Blaise's shirt up in his grasp. Well, that was fast. Sometimes, Draco envied his friend's bisexuality. In every party, he was always the first one to hook up, but this had been just ridiculous. He rolled his eyes at the scene and went to mingle. Two glasses later and he saw Lizzie Chambers, a Chaser for the Ravenclaw team, and someone who had graced his sheets once. She immediately smiled at him when their eyes connected and started to make her way towards him. Or tried to. It was clear by the way she was walking that she'd had way too much to drink. Draco was halfway there, though, so when she finally caught up to him and leaned against him suggestively, it was pretty easy to slant his mouth over hers and weave his free hand through her hair. It wasn't exactly a bad kiss. Not really. It was actually pretty nice. Her tongue was warm against his as she pressed her breasts against his chest and her lips were just full enough so he could enjoy nibbling. The thing was, the brunette in his arms was bloody drunk, and he had no desire for a lay that the girl wouldn't even remember in the morning. So he parted their lips, took her to a sofa nearby, and conjured a glass of water for her before leaving. Suddenly, the music was too loud and the place too small for so many people. He had no idea why, but he needed to get out of there. After grabbing a bottle from the table, he headed for the hallways where the rooms were and tried to find one unlocked. The third one on his right had the door ajar, so Draco peered inside to assess the situation. What he saw made his jaw drop. There was Ginny Weasley on top of one of the Gryffindor Beaters, with his hand up her skirt. And she had no shirt on. For a short while his brain seemed to have short-circuited, but then it was over and he was suddenly just taking everything in. The way her neck arched when whatshisface sucked on it and exposed that one beauty mark he'd seen during their first lesson was fascinating. Her skin was smooth and barely tanned and a few freckles danced on the very top of her shoulders. The purple bra she was wearing hugged the modest curve of her breasts perfectly, and her lips parted with the most sensual of sighs as the boy's dark hands brought her skirt up with them. It was as if Weasley had been electrocuted, because suddenly she was on her feet, shaking her head and saying something along the lines of, "Sorry, this can't happen," but Draco couldn't be sure. He was already halfway down the hall back to the party, not exactly running, but pretty close to it. He didn't stop until he reached the Head Boy's quarters, and even then his heart was still racing in his chest.
Dungeon Five Ch. 3 Ginny finished her lunch in a rush. She had apparently gotten out of bed on the wrong foot, because today just wasn't her day. She had tons of work to do and her usual free period would be occupied by Malfoy. Not that he had been half as bad as she was expecting him to be. Yeah, he was a bit of a tosser, but he was helping her out and being a surprisingly good tutor. She thought of all the things she had to get done before her lesson today and hurried her pace. When she got to the common room, she chose one of the tables closer to the fire and immediately got to work. As the time passed, the other seats got taken, but she still managed to keep her table to herself. Before Ron and Harry got there, that is. "Hullo, Gin," her brother greeted, as Harry and him sat down across from her. "Can't talk right now, Ron. I have my lesson in ten minutes." Ginny realised her mistake as soon as she made it. She didn't even bother to hide her wince when Ron asked what lesson she was supposed to have "Professor Dumbledore assigned me a Potions tutor…" "I could have helped you if you needed help in Potions," Harry said with a slightly disapproving tone. "I was honestly intending to drop the class." Ginny shrugged. "But Dumbledore said he would take me off the team if I didn't do it, so…" "That sounds awfully unfair of him," Ron said while setting up a game of wizard's chess for him and Harry. "Who did you get saddled with?" "Funny thing that." Ginny tried to stall but ultimately decided to just say it quickly and get it over with. "Malfoy is tutoring me." "Why would Dumbledore punish you with that—that Ferret!" her brother exclaimed. "Actually, he's not that bad." Ginny shrugged again. "He does seem to know a lot about Potions, even if he can be a bit of an arse sometimes." There was absolute silence as her brother and Harry gaped at her before demanding to know how Malfoy could possibly not be "that bad". They listed all of his faults—as if she wasn't aware that Malfoy was hardly the paragon of niceness—and prodded and prodded for information, wanting to know everything about what went on during her lessons. It felt like she was being interrogated or somehow accused of betrayal just for saying the git wasn't "that bad". In short, it was utterly ridiculous. "Oh, enough!" she snapped. "I'm the one who has to take lessons with him, not you, so what difference does it make? Just shut up already!" She left before either could reply, now late for her lesson, and still fuming… So of course she got stuck in the moving staircase because she was distracted. Today really wasn't her day. . Draco was in a bad mood. He wouldn't go as far as to say he was sulking, no matter what Zabini said, but he was definitely not in the mood for socialising. And it was all her fault. Ginny Weasley with her purple bra and smooth skin was a constant in his dreams of late. Her breathy, sexy sigh and that bloody beauty spot. He couldn't sleep well, he couldn't pay much attention to class and—fuck—he couldn't even think about her before his dick decided it needed attention. It was like puberty all over again, and he hated it. His first reaction was to try to ignore it, as he usually did with things he didn't want to deal with. That didn't work too well because it was as if his thoughts were a She-Weasel magnet and suddenly she was in every corner he turned. That only served to make him more pissed. His bad mood continued mounting until it was Wednesday and their lesson fast approaching. Draco decided he wouldn't get there early because the less time he had to spend next to her, the better. Instead, by the time lunch had finished, he went by the lockers to get his broom and flew as far away from Hogwarts as he could without triggering the wards. The wind on his face did help him calm down a bit, but the reprieve was short-lived. By the time the first drop of water hit him, he knew this had been a bad idea. When Draco got to the castle, he was sopping wet and had no time to go back to his rooms to take a hot shower. He dried himself as best as he could with his wand as he made his way down to the dungeons. A quick check on his watch told him he was fifteen minutes late. If his steps quickened a little at that, no one would know. He entered the office fully expecting to have an angry redhead waiting for him, but was met with silence. She wasn't there. His previously contained anger came back in full force as he set his things down on the table and began pacing. Ten minutes passed in which he furiously checked his watch every few seconds before Weasley burst into the room with apologies already spilling from her rosy lips. That thought irritated him even further, and Draco found himself cutting her off briskly. "Where the fuck were you?" She scowled at him. "I lost track of time and accidentally got stuck on the stairs on my way down." She shrugged and put her things next to his. "Sorry about that." "Are you a bloody first year?" He rounded on her faster than a snake uncoiling for attack. "I don't know if you noticed, but you're failing Potions, you daft bint, and I'm the one who is supposed to keep that from happening. That is, if you actually show up in time!" "I don't know what got your knickers in a twist, Malfoy, but you better reign your temper the fuck in before I punch you." She advanced towards him with a deadly expression in her eyes. Draco fucking knew he shouldn't say anything, but he did it anyway. "You can't solve everything with your fists, you bloody trollop—" And then he had her tiny fist on his mouth. For a girl that could barely reach his shoulders, she packed a mean punch. Blood immediately spurted from his lower lip and dripped down his chin to ruin his shirt. The pain was immediate, and Draco fell back on his chair with the force of the impact. "Good Godric!" Weasley gaped at him. "I didn't mean to hit you so hard!" Her warm little hands now reached for his jaw gently to angle it upwards so she could see the damage. "Fuck," he grunted when her thumb brushed his lower lip. "I'm sorry." She winced. "I'm having a really bad day and, well, you started insulting me and I've had enough of that today, and I just felt like hitting something and I did, which is why your face looks like…" She trailed off and glanced apologetically at him. Draco tried hard to keep on being mad, but it seemed like her punch had drained him of all his anger and all he was left with was a troublesome realisation: he was attracted to the She-Weasel. And right now she had one hand on his jaw while the other moved her wand around his mouth and closed his wound, so he decided to suck it up and be a man about it. And by that he meant he would ignore said realisation and pretend nothing happened. "Yeah, well." He sighed in resignation. "My day just got a lot worse." Weasley didn't say anything, just continued working on his lip. Her hair was in a ponytail and she had to stop from time to time to blow the flyaway hairs from her face. Draco found it extremely distracting. After what seemed like no time at all, and somehow all the time in the world, she was done. "Take off your shirt. I can get it cleaned up." She stepped back and stretched her hand out for him. "That's what house-elves are for," Draco said, mostly to see what her reaction would be. She huffed. "Do you want to walk through Hogwarts with blood on your shirt?" The eyebrow she raised at him was equal parts annoying and endearing, and he didn't even bother to fight with himself over the latter. "Whatever, Weasley." Draco rolled his eyes and started loosening his tie. He spared a moment to be mad that he had decided to put on a sleeveless shirt beneath his school shirt that morning, but then shook the thought away. It wouldn't do to be half naked in the same room as her when the image of her moaning and shirtless was still so fresh in his mind. She worked in silence for a while, his shirt on the table and her bent over it in concentration as he pretended not to watch as he catalogued every detail he could. From this close, he could see that her freckles crossed her nose and cheeks and extended up in the direction of her temples slightly. She was working her bottom lip in concentration and, for the first time, Draco saw how perfect it was. She didn't have the forced pouty look so many girls went for; instead, the nuances of her lips were subtle. Her cupids bow wasn't really defined but her upper lip was full and rosy and jutted out just a tiny bit more than her bottom one. Draco caught himself thinking if certain other parts below her clothes matched the same hue as her lips. "Malfoy?" He looked at her in surprise when she turned to him with an expectant look on her face. "What?" "I asked if you would like to go over my essay now." She extended his shirt back to him. "Your shirt is done." Draco saw her eyes follow the lines of his arms when he took the piece of fabric from her, and he couldn't help but flex his muscles a bit. Who was he to deny her visual appreciation of his Seeker build, after all? As soon as the thought came, he looked up at her and saw the smallest of frowns appear between her dark red brows. A contemplative look crossed her face and she finally raised her eyes to meet his. Weasley cocked her head a bit to the side as if she was trying to figure something out, but what Draco was really interested in were her eyes. They were the same colour as his favourite brand of Firewhisky, and for a moment he got lost in their depths. Then he realised what a fucking sentimental fool he was being and quickly turned away. "Right." He cleared his throat. "Let me have a look at that." And then they were finally back to business. Draco corrected her essay and directed her on how to better develop some paragraphs, then handed it back to her. The book he took out to work on his own studying may as well have been upside down for all the reading he got done, though. Every time she made even the tiniest of movements, his attention went right back to her. She leaned her head on her hand and her bloody beauty spot was on full display. She mouthed the words she was reading and her lips formed entrancing shapes. She bit her quill in that disgusting, unhygienic habit of hers and—Merlin's saggy left balls—he was hard as a fucking rock. He was really glad the session was finally over, because Sweet Salazar, she was a Weasley and he couldn't stop conjuring the image of her without her clothes. He needed to get laid, urgently. . The opportunity presented itself that Saturday. Ravenclaw had whipped the floor with Hufflepuff's team and, as usual, there was going to be a party that night somewhere in the castle. It happened after every Quidditch game, be it to celebrate one team's win or to console the other team's loss. That night, the party was in the Hufflepuff common room. Draco personally thought it was pretty classless for the house to just open up their common room like that. Usually, whenever Slytherin decided to throw a party in their common room, it was mostly reserved for their house and only specific students from other houses were invited. However, he really couldn't complain because today he needed this party. He hadn't been able to properly pursue Pansy that week. It seemed like every time he saw her, she was with someone else. No matter how much glaring he did, she wasn't left alone. Draco was unused to having to work this hard for Pansy, and it was seriously beginning to piss him off. He wasn't in the mood to go find some other girl to warm his bed, and he needed the distraction right now. So that party was a blessing. When Draco and Blaise got there, the party was already in full swing. The Huffies common room was larger than he expected, but still a bit too small for everyone. He didn't mind it one bit, though, because just then he caught sight of his best friend right next to the beverages table. Draco nodded his goodbye to Blaise and made his way to the dark-haired girl. She was wearing a tiny black dress that fell over her slim figure like water, and her bob and stylish bangs were arranged in his favourite "just got out of bed" look. He stalked her like a predator, his vision tunnelling in as he cornered his prey. "Good evening, love," he said in her ear as his hands encircled her waist from behind. She stiffened under his hands before turning around. She had a considerably better look on her face than the last time he saw her alone, but there was still an undercurrent of sadness to her that gave him pause. "Draco." Her hands went up his dark grey cardigan and met on his collar. "You look dashing as always." "So do you." He lowered his voice to the one he usually reserved for the bedroom and pressed her closer to him. He was about to lower his face to hers when she pushed him away slightly. He followed her silent command and frowned at her. "We're not together anymore, Draco." She stepped out of his embrace and smiled slightly at him. "Come on, Pansy." He rolled his eyes. "We both know that never lasts long." "This time it will," she replied with more force behind her words. Her face hardened a bit, only to soften again seconds later. "We're no good together, darling." "What are you saying?" He looked at her in confusion. "We're best friends. We're great together!" "As friends, yeah." She nodded slightly and rubbed her arms as if she was cold. "But we kind of suck at dating. We're almost always fighting and breaking up and, honestly, I deserve better than that. We both do." Draco didn't know what to do. She was right, of course, but that didn't mean he liked it. He appreciated constance, and he and Pansy had been together for well over two years, not to mention best friends since they were little kids. Their engagement had been an almost certainty in their future, and now he had to come to terms with the fact that they were really broken up and not getting back together. "I.." He trailed off and shook his head a bit before frowning and looking down at his feet. "I don't really know what to say." "Stop being such a pansy," she replied jokingly, even if her tone of voice was a bit forced. It was a play on words she always did. "We'll still be friends. Just no shagging this time around." Draco didn't think he had it in him to smile like she was, so he just stared at her instead. He watched as she rolled her eyes and stretched a bit to kiss his cheek. Then she leaned back and used her thumb to get the mark her red lips had left on him. "Don't look so serious, love." She squeezed his hand. "I'll see you later." Pansy left him alone at the drinks table, feeling at once relieved and lost. However, Draco soon decided that there was little he could do about it, so he poured himself some Firewhisky and downed the whole thing in one go. Something made him look to his right as he finished pouring his second glass and he met Firewhisky eyes. Weasley was in the corner of the room, just off the makeshift dance floor. She was leaning against the wall in a half circle with some of her usual crowd and, surprisingly, her brother and Potter. She looked at him with a slight frown on her features, her head cocked calculatingly. It was a strange look on someone who always seemed to wear her heart on her sleeve, but Draco found that it fit her somehow. The cream, three-quarter sleeved sweater she was wearing contoured her figure perfectly and left the arch of her neck and the defined lines of her collarbones fully exposed. Draco did a quick assessment of her and noticed she was using the tiniest bit of makeup. While she wasn't wearing any heels, she was wearing a rather flattering skirt. Her hair was in the ponytail he had gotten used to seeing, but this time her bangs were deliberately framing her face. Draco considered a fantasy of approaching her, but soon dismissed that idea. Instead, he tipped his cup in her direction in a kind of a salute. Weasley smiled at him then. Actually fucking smiled, and he was blown away with how bloody radiant she looked. The girl was fucking beautiful. He was thankfully knocked out of his foolish reveries when he realised the Weasley Git and Four Eyes were making their way towards him. "Malfoy," The tall ginger tried for a menacing tone, but to Draco it just sounded like he was constipated. "You stay away from my sister. Or else." Draco actually snorted. What a tosser. "First of all, Dumbledore ordered me to spend two hours a day at least two days a week with her, you barmy git. And, second." He smirked at them. "Piss off." " Draco left the two boys and went to find his friends. He didn't dare glance back in the girl's direction. Instead, he spent the rest of the night with good, albeit completely drunk, company and worked hard to ensure he would have a good old-fashioned hangover in the morning.
Dungeon Five Ch. 4 Draco woke up the next morning with a pounding in his head that mirrored the alarm he'd set up the night before. For a second, the back of his throat burned as his stomach churned. He actually thought he'd throw up, but he waited it out and it soon passed. Last night had been fun—breakup aside. He had gotten to hang out with his friends and had got gloriously drunk, as he'd intended. He, unfortunately, hadn't hooked up with anybody, but it had been mostly out of respect to Pansy, and he was actually feeling pretty good about it. That was yesterday, though, because "feeling good" was about as far from what he was feeling right now as it could get. With great effort, Draco managed to push himself out of bed and towards the direction of his bathroom. He wondered, as he stripped completely, what had possessed him and Weasley to schedule their lesson today before lunch. It was after he'd already been under the deliciously hot spray for some time that he remembered why. They both had Quidditch practice after lunch. Gryffindors first and then Slytherin. He couldn't help but groan at the thought that his day was going to be a busy one, and he didn't even have a proper cure for his headache. Draco stretched his time in the shower for as long as he could before he had to get out and start shaving. He ended up cutting himself on the blade for the first time since third year and had to make a mental note to have Weasley take a look at it later. The thought gave him brief pause at the familiarity at which it came to him, but he ended up shrugging it off. It wasn't his fault that she had made her skills in mending wounds known, and he sure as fuck wouldn't let it go to waste. He dressed himself in dark trousers and an even darker cardigan over an undershirt hurriedly before leaving. He would have to tidy his hair on the way if he didn't want to be late. The walk through the dungeons was pretty uneventful, if only because everybody else was either still asleep because of last night or outside enjoying the bit of sun they'd gotten. By the time he got to Dungeon Five, he was already regretting putting on the cardigan. Draco put his things on the table and didn't have to wait long before Weasley walked in. "Morning," she greeted with a yawn, which she tried to smother with her hand. He noticed that she was dressed appropriately for the unusually warm weather. The light jeans she was wearing stopped the middle of her calf and—to his utter horror—had rips on the knees and thighs. Her top was a simple white shirt that was short and tight enough to get his attention before he forced his eyes away. "Good morning, Weaslette," he offered as he eyed her shoes. They appeared to be some kind of white Muggle tennis shoes. They reached her ankles and had a blue star on the outside, and Draco found himself liking how they looked on her. "Do you have to call me that?" He looked up just in time to see her wrinkle her little nose. "Ah, apologies," he said, not sounding apologetic at all. "Would you prefer Weasley?" "As a matter of fact, yes." She raised her freckled nose in the air in what he thought was a surprisingly good imitation of his mother. "I would much rather you call me Ginny, though." He didn't really know what to say to that. Ginny? That sounded awfully intimate and not at all something he, Draco Malfoy, should ever call her. He didn't have much time to ruminate on that, though, because Weasley interrupted his thoughts with a snort. "Whatever, Malfoy." She shook her head in amusement at him. "Have you had any breakfast?" The question caught him off guard for a moment before he shook his head at her. "No." He smothered a yawn of his own. "I just woke up, really." "Me too." She grinned at him brightly. "Let's go, then. A big, greasy breakfast will make us both feel better." "Who said I wasn't feeling well?" He challenged her even as his feet moved towards the exit. Weasley scoffed. "Please, you look like you would rather keel over and die than do any work today." "Are you saying I look bad, Weasley?" "No, I'm saying you look hungover." She looked at him from the corners of her eyes. "Besides, I saw how you were drinking that Firewhisky like it was pumpkin juice yesterday. I'm surprised you're even up and functioning today." It was true. He did drink a lot yesterday. But not nearly as much as she seemed to think. He was used to much heavier drinking. There was something else that caught his attention in her sentence, though. "Were you watching me, little Weasley?" He smirked at her and watched, completely fascinated, as pink dusted her cheeks in the slightest of ways. "Don't be absurd." She turned her face from him and stopped in front of a fruit painting. Draco was about to continue teasing her, but he balked when Weasley reached out and tickled the pear. He gaped even worse when the pear actually turned into a dork knob and he was suddenly looking at an exact replica of the Great Hall. Only that wasn't right because there weren't this many house-elves in the Great Hall. In fact, in all his seven years at the bloody school, he'd never actually seen a house-elf apart from— "Dobby?" He raised his eyebrows at the elf. "Master Malfoy!" The elf's big ears flapped as he bowed so low his nose touched the floor. "You shouldn't be in the kitchens, sir! If the young master wanted something to eat, Dobby would most certainly take it to young Master Malfoy's quarters! Dobby is a good elf!" Draco looked into the elf's wide, fearful eyes and frowned. "You can make me something to eat here, Dobby. I wasn't actually aware that I was heading towards the kitchens." He raised an eyebrow at Weasley. "Oh, yes." The girl rolled her eyes. "Silly me to take you to the kitchens when I said we were getting some breakfast." A small smirk tried to make itself known on his lips, but he didn't let it show. He hadn't even questioned where they were going, just followed her blindly, and that was a slightly disturbing thought to have. "Hello." Ginny extended a hand towards Dobby. "I'm Ginny Weasley." "Oh!" Dobby grasped at her and stumbled a few steps. "Dobby will make breakfast for Master Malfoy and his Miss Weezy right away, sir!" And with a pop he was gone. "Right, uh." Weasley cleared her throat, clearly uncomfortable, and moved towards the replica of the Gryffindor table. Before she could go far, Draco took her wrist and unceremoniously dragged her to sit at the Slytherin table. He put her on one end of the table and sat across from her before she huffed at him. He only responded with a shrug. "So." He leaned back on his seat and crossed his legs in front of him. "Last night. You were watching me." He didn't bother to contain his smirk when he saw the blush from earlier returning. It was amusing the way it stretched across her cheeks. Weasley took a moment—in which she looked adorably embarrassed—before she seemed to compose herself. "I watched as Pansy Parkinson broke up with you, if that's what you mean. Everyone did.". Draco frowned at her. He knew the face he was making would certainly have made others run in the other direction, but Weasley simply bit her bottom lip worriedly and looked at him through her lashes. "Sorry." And she did sound sorry. "Shouldn't have said that." Draco nodded slowly before grimacing. He released a frustrated breath when he realised that he actually wanted to talk about this. It was just his luck that he was hungover, tired and not at all fit to resist some impulses. So he talked. "She said we were terrible together." He exhaled forcibly through his nose. "Can you believe that? We spend more than two years together and even longer as best friends, and suddenly we're terrible together?" Weasley looked at him cautiously. "Well, you did fight and break up a lot…" "Yes, I suppose we did." He methodically rolled his sleeves to his elbows. "But still, we made up just as much, and I know she enjoyed that part." Their eyes met just as hers widened, and he cursed himself for letting the innuendo slip out. He had to remind himself that this wasn't Blaise or Crabbe and Goyle—he couldn't make a lewd comment and then laugh about it. This was Weasley. Then she snorted. The girl actually snorted at his terrible innuendo and proceeded to hide the uncontrollable giggles that followed with her hands. He couldn't stop his grin if he tried. "I'm sure she did." Weasley put her head in her hands and let her last giggles escape. Draco scoffed and shook his head, the remains of a grin still on his lips. ""Anyway, I don't think we'll make up this time." She didn't try to give him false hope with empty words. She simply said, "That sucks, mate." Draco couldn't appreciate her more. It did suck, but the truth was that he wasn't heartbroken about it, and maybe that said something about their relationship. Maybe it really wasn't meant to be. Just then, Dobby popped over and bowed low before raising his tiny hands over the table. With a snap of his long, bony fingers, their breakfast appeared before them. The elf bowed again before popping away. Draco didn't even register the action because he was already pouring himself some tea. "So." He looked at Weasley over the rim of his cup. "What?" "Dobby is your family's house-elf… How come he's here in the kitchens?" Draco put his cup back on its saucer. "Dobby has been my family's elf since before I was born." He didn't pause while buttering his toast. "He was ordered to take care of me when I came along and was a nanny of sorts when I was younger. When I turned seventeen, my parents gave him to me. He's my personal elf now, but I have no idea what he's doing in the kitchens. Maybe that's where all the house-elves at Hogwarts stay." "That is such a"—she narrowed her eyes and waved her hands around for a bit, as if trying to find the right word—"an upper crust thing. I can't even." She shook her head at him with a small grin. Draco shrugged. "It's common amongst purebloods. Oh, wait. I meant amongst the Sacred—" His eyes widened at his faux pas. "I, uh..." He cleared his throat and looked helplessly at her. "Maybe we should drop this subject." Her tone was light enough, but there was a definite tightening to her mouth. He did what he always did in these types of situations, which was fall back on his manners. "My apologies." Then he frowned, mostly at himself, because what the actual fuck? He wasn't usually this bad at words. "Moving on, Malfoy." Weasley raised her eyebrows at him. "You look like you cut yourself." She gestured at his jawline. "Yes, I did." It somehow felt wrong to ask her to do something for him after his earlier blabber, but he didn't have to, because she offered herself. "I can take a look at it after brekkie if you want." And that's how Draco found himself in his current position—looking up at Weasley from his seat and her body further warming his with their proximity. It got to the point that it was almost too much. One of her knees was on the bench between his legs and she had one hand leaning his face up.. "Wait, wait," he tried not to gasp. "Let me take off this cardigan." That didn't sound right. "It's fucking hot today. Don't know how you aren't feeling it." Weasley stepped back and let him slip the cashmere of his body. He tried not to make eye contact as he did, because he was already half-hard as it was, but apparently he didn't need to. Her eyes were too busy tracking the movement of his arms. Huh. The Weaslette was checking him out, and unabashedly at that. "I would be on fire if I was wearing a sweatshirt in this weather," she said. "Cardigan," Draco said, just to distract himself from the fact that she was back in her earlier position. This time, he could feel her heat much better with just one layer on. It looked like his plan had backfired. "Whatever, posh boy." He felt her breath on his cheek and the hair on his arms raised in response. Thankfully, it didn't take long for Weasley to heal him. He thanked fucking Salazar that she was too busy covering up her own blush to notice him adjusting himself in his trousers. It looked like he was right back to stake one, what with his body behaving like that of a thirteen year old's. Merlin, kill him now. . . .
