Harry Potter Finally Graduates Book V – The Quest Continues And Harry Is Minister Authors Notes: Many of the characters in this book were introduced and developed in the first four books of Harry Potter Finally Graduates. This chapter will make much more sense if you read the initial four books first. At the bare minimum, please read books III and IV first. The characters, plots, and settings from the original Harry Potter series are the exclusive property of J. K. Rowling. New characters, plots, and settings introduced in Harry Potter Finally Graduates are my property. Therefore, nothing in this or the preceding books in the series may be used commercially by anyone. Both J, K. Rowling and I permit any and all to use our characters and plot as a starting point for a new fan fiction on this site. I make necessary corrections which are pointed out by PM or reviews, both on this and prior books, and respond to questions from PMs and reviews. Like the first 4 books of this series, reader 'Just William is editing Book V to spot errors of grammar and fact and to remove overt Americanisms, so it is less blatantly obvious that this series was written across the pond. Chapter 1 – A New Start On Vanaheimr I had one last duty, before I left Asgard. I summoned Blacky and gave him instructions to look for 'heavy' spots and strangers in the area of seid-space where we had rescued Odin and Gna had tried to murder the us and the history of our worlds, using the bomb I had carelessly left for her. Blacky gave me a report on his activities, since I had last seen him. Odin had visited my lands beside the pyramid once, just walking around the pyramid and storage building, not even entering either. Frijjo had visited Odin at Valaskjalf. Nothing unusual about any of that. Blacky's final report was most unusual. Narcissa Malfoy had slept at our camp outside Odin's observatory and unsuccessfully attempted to enter both the observatory and the forge. Blacky was certain of this. He had watched her the whole time she was there. I saw the raven-eye view of Narcissa Apparating away from the camp. Blackly watched the area for another day, but Narcissa did not reappear. We were walking directly into Vanaheimer by way of its pyramid, but before we made that very short journey of almost infinite distance, I paused to update Harry and to contact Frijjo and alert her that we would arrive on her world within minutes. I also asked Yggdrasil to alert the Servers of the Black Stone on Vanaheimer. Frijjo met us as soon as we trooped into the pyramid. The Servers yielded the front spot to her. I gave Frijjo a quick hug and then hugged all of the Servers. Cerce looked a bit the worse for wear, as if she had lost a fight. Before I could inquire, Frijjo regained control. "Welcome! I needed your help sooner, but feared it would be another week or more before I saw you. I know that the Unicorn herd will help magic in the long-term, but their presence has further upset the balance of magic, and I badly need help in the short-term. It is my error, I oversold the arrival of the Unicorns and my people expected immediate benefit. They certainly didn't expect magic to be weakened in much of the City. I know that you have plans and expectations for the re-start of your Quest, but I need at least part of your team to begin work on the pyramid circle immediately." "That was my plan. We've studied this circle and drawn images of the magical force lines and flaws in the webbing between the stones. I'm sorry and surprised about the Unicorns. Unfortunately, that means some of the study needs to be repeated before we can begin repairs, but the same Hogwarts students are with us and they won't need to fully repeat what they did last visit. They won't redo their drawings, just work with Cho to revise the repair plan. That can be finished today and then that team can move right into upgrading the circle. I can feel that magic here is less than it should be. I see that this circle still has its purple diamond. It should be at least twice as powerful as it was. The addition of many more Unicorns to our world required barely a tweak to two circles. I don't foresee a huge problem. "While Cho's team works on that, Hermione and I will lead a team to examine the damage around the White Circle and try to fully understand the circle which Miomor built. I do want to build a new circle there, but can't do anything about the White Columns, until Yggdrasil teaches us how to rebuild them. We also lost a White Column on my world, so I am very eager to learn how to fix or build new White Columns. I want to at least learn enough by exploring whatever is left of your White Stones and their caverns that it will be easier for us to understand what Yggdrasil tries to teach us about repairing or rebuilding them. Odin probably told you, but we are to have a vacation after we complete our first three weeks of work here. Part of that time will be meeting with Odin and receiving more lessons on seid and at least our first lessons on White Columns. In the meantime, we can start on the circle which will accompany the new White Columns. I hope that the lodestone remains in good condition. That would be the hardest part of that circle to fix or replace. I don't know where we might find a replacement on your world and it is far to heavy to bring from another world. We will spend our initial time carefully studying your lodestone for damage. I think we can fix a minor crack, but a large crack is catastrophic. I'm willing to start work on that as soon as we commune with The Great Black Stone." "Okay, but slow down a moment. There are a few things I must tell you. First, the caverns are still filled with rubble, exactly as they were when your battle ended and your bomb went off. I know that Odin gave you a report on the state of the caverns, he has seen them with his own eyes and agrees that the damage is massive, but I also know that you only fully believe the evidence of your own senses and investigations. So, I have touched nothing. Your people and my people must begin today by clearing stone rubble. There won't even be a clear space from which to work until we complete that unpleasant task. I hope I did the right thing in delaying this work until your arrival." Actually, it was fine and not fine. Our progress would be delayed by a week. On the plus side, I had no way of knowing whether or not Yggdrasil expected us to gather up and save all of the big and little pieces of White Column for use in their reconstruction. If Frijjo had mistakenly discarded them, the whole project might be lost, before we had started. I hoped that Frijjo had at least done the Vanir equivalent of an 'Accio' to remove the dead bodies from under the rubble. I had the sinking suspicion that she had left them where they died. I said nothing more than "I think you made the right choice, we probably need to preserve all of the White Column fragnments." "Good. I know that you and Hermione will want to thoroughly examine all of these caverns, to convince yourselves that you have found each little secret which they and we are hiding. I'm convinced that, apart from the cavern beneath the lodestone, that you've already found all of the significant secrets. I don't know anything about that lowest cavern myself. I just peered into it. It's filled with rock rubble. I saw enough of the upper walls and roof of that cavern to know that it's new, no older than a couple of your centuries, at most. We'll explore it together. Beyond that, I think Miomor fooled you. You thought, now without some logic, that she kept insisting that you build a modern circle in the Village Vana 'at once' to prevent you from finding the secrets of the White Column's caverns. I don't believe that. You found those secrets only because Miomor left you alone for too long and foolishly failed to incapacitate her secret circle fully, before you even arrived on Vanaheimr. You could have built your new purple-diamond circle, successfully tested it and been none the wiser. There certainly was no risk of explosion. You would have gone on your way and Miomor would have stolen your diamond from the circle. I believe that the real secrets lie in the Village Vana. Miomor understood you far better than you realize, or Prudence guided her manipulation of you. She knew that you'd rebel against her insistence and refuse to even set foot in the village. Village Vana is where her most loyal supporters live. It's where the royals who were loyal to her live. It is no surprise to me that the secret circle beside the railroad tracks was in that empty farmland. The village is but ten miles away and her supporters could observe and defend it, while going about their business as farmers. You were totally fooled by Miomor. I know I shouldn't gloat. She fooled me too. We must be friends and treat each other well. We will explore Village Vana together. When I go with you, we must go in force. That place is where the greatest danger and most important secrets hide. I am sure of that. Now it's time for you to visit our Stone." The half of the team which would come to Government House with me sat with as much of our bodies as our particularly physiology permitted pressed up against the Great Black Rock. We linked hands and Hermione and I managed to guide everyone, even Captain Davies, into the Stone. We greeted the Stone, received its permission to enter Vanaheimr, and requested an update and guidance about conditions on its world. Conditions have not been good since you were here. Frijjo has been away too long. She doesn't really know Vanaheimr as it really is today and the Vanir neither know nor trust her. She has very few whom she is certain she can trust. Many of hundred royals think they or their kin should be monarch. Some supported Miomor. This group and Miomor's old guard force have fought Frijjo. Even this pyramid was invaded. I am a peaceful being, but was forced to kill two attackers or else my Servers would be slaughtered. Arce killed two others. The other Servers joined the fight after Arce fought. Frijjo arrived and together we drove the attackers away. Frijjo took two captives. You must question them. Magic is not good and that makes the Vanir more restless. The Unicorn herd unbalanced magic. We could have fixed that, but the fighting destroyed two of the calcite crystals. We replaced them with the inferior crystals we had. We replaced the damaged gold webbing, but my poor circle is hurting badly. I hope that you brought good calcite crystals with you. Frijjo's pride doesn't permit her to admit how bad her problems are. She needs your help. We all do. I assured her that we had brought some truly excellent calcite crystals with us and would immediately deploy two of them to improve the pyramid circle. That was the first order of business. It was foolish to try to temporarily re-tune a circle witch two very inferior crystals. I mentioned the plan to Cho and then gathered my half of the team to follow Frijjo to Government House. Our rooms were right next to the rooms that Miomor had given Prudence. We were bunking four to a room, but the rooms were large and the beds felt great - far better than what Miomor had provided for her good friend Prudence. We had a very nice bathroom, with tub and running hot water, nestled among the rooms assigned to us. Barb told us that she and the young auror, Penelope, would room with Hermione and me, while the third auror would sleep in Percy and Callista's suite. Frijjo frowned at that announcement and started to make noises about our group not sufficiently trusting her, but Barb silenced her with "I have my orders from Director Shacklebolt and may not deviate from him. He was not at all pleased with the two attacks upon Ginny and Hermione on their last visit to Government House." We were quickly settled in and off to the White Column pit to start clearing rubble and mapping the area. As we stood upon what was left of the balcony and peered over what was left of the railing, it suddenly became clear just how much rubble had to be cleared. The entire floor of the pit was covered with rocks, pebbles, and dust. There was no open space on which to stand and begin the project. The rubble was much deeper and the pieces much bigger at the end of the pit, where the balcony and part of the stairs had collapsed under our curse and the explosion of the bomb. The layer of debris seemed thinnest right in front of this area. That is where we would start. As we carefully made our way toward the major rubble, it became absolutely clear that Frijjo had not been pranking us about leaving the bodies where they had fallen. The stench was awful. I put on the gloves which Hermione had provided and decided to limit the excavation crew to the two of us, plus Barb, Penelope, and Catta. I thought Elf magic might be needed to apparate the heaviest pieces of balcony and stairs from this pit to the lawn in front of Government House. Cantring certainly couldn't handle the impossible footing on the floor of the pit, ad it seemed unfair to subject the very young Cissy to such conditions. I instructed Cantring and Cissy to draw what they saw from the safety of the sounder sections of balcony and stairs. We had one of the Hogwarts students on our team. She could also draw from a distance. I wanted all of the drawers to focus upon the immediate vicinity of the White Columns. I asked Aagog to expore the ceiling and upper walls, searching for damage and hidden secrets. I told her that I was especially interested in the condition of the quartz cylinder in the ceiling and the top of the lodestone. As we gingerly stepped across the smaller rubble toward the big pieces, I suggested to Frijjo: "Let's move the two biggest pieces, while we still have our full strength." Frijjo agreed. She had 3 of her guards to assist the five of us. We arrayed ourselves around the biggest piece of stone. "Remember," Hermione warned one and all, "this huge stone is going to be flying along with us and we have to avoid any part of us landing under it. Get a good grip, everyone and we apparate on the NOW! after three. Okay, one, two, three, NOW!" We found ourselves arrayed around a truly big piece of stone from the balcony. Fortunately, we had sustained no injuries. I suggested that we walk back, rather than apparating to conserve magical strength. That was acceptable. As we returned to face the second largest stone, I saw three legs and an arm protruding from it. They looked to be far from fresh, as I knew they must be. "Okay, same plan as last time. Get a good grip, watch your feet and one, two, three, NOW!" Out on the lawn, but not in as good shape as the first time. One of Frijjo's guards was groaning and pointing to where the stone had pinned his leg. "Sorry, I started to slip just as we apparated. "Okay, most of us must apparate the stone a few paces over there, we'll put it on top of that short bush. Hermione will stay here to tend to Raquen. If something goes wrong and we can't move the stone far, she must pull him to safety. Otherwise, she must quickly stop any bleeding. I'll count this one. One, two, three, NOW!" That went fine, but I turned to see Hermione working to stop the flow of what I knew must be arterial blood. Hermione, being Hermione, stanched the flow by the time we reached her side. She rendered her verdict: "I'm sure his femur is broken." Frijjo dispatched one of her guards to apparate Raquen to 'hospital', which apparently was somewhere inside Government Building. "No more stones for today, but the rest of us must deal with the bodies which were under the stone. We'll apparate them right here, beside the largest stone." She walked over to that spot, pointing where she wanted the row of bodies to start and indicating about a six-foot spacing away from the stone. We again walked back to the work area. There were three bodies and they were not in good shape at all. Based on clothes and the medallion of office on a chain around her neck, I easily identified the middle body as Miomor. Two of us were assigned to each body. I grimaced as Hermione and I grabbed hold of Miomor. We were to place her in the spot nearest the stone. She was bloated and sort of leaking, from damage caused by being crushed beneath the stone. I suppressed a gag, telling Hermione: "Okay, one, two, three, NOW!" With Miomor on the ground, Hermione and I stepped away from her toward the stone. A few seconds later, Barb and Frijjo arrived with one of the guards. As they were walking to join us, Penelope and two of Frijjo's men arrived with the body of the second guard. "I think we must burn the bodies," Frijjo announced. "First we must examine what Miomor has on her person. I'll do our equivalent of your 'Accio" and lay them out on the flat part of this stone." As she finished speaking, objects arrived. There were a number of easily identifiable large objects. I saw the treaty copy, which Dad had signed. It was neatly rolled up and tied with a bright gold ribbon, but the Miomor joices. I happily left it to Frijjo. The medallion was of no interest. Hermione and I were both drawn to a large brass ring with at least twenty brass keys. I knew what Hermione intended as soon as I saw her point her wand at her carry bag. A bar of brass plopped onto the ground, Hermione stared intently at the keys, requested that Frijjo turn them over, stared some more, and then with a flick of her wand materialized a copy of the keys for us. She waved her wand over our set of keys, undoubtedly performing a series of sanitizing spells and then chucked the keys into her bag. "I hope you aren't planning to sneak into my new office," Frijjo half-jokingly complained to Hermione. "Only if you are as remarkably silly as not to change the lock, to what I'm sure is a high-powered, Godly lock. There are so many keys, we are bound to encounter a lock which one of them will open. That may allow us to escape a trap or discover some more of Miomor's secrets. I know that some of Miomor's guards fought the Servers inside the pyramid. That tells me that a lot of dangers, and likely deadly traps, still abound on Vanaheimr." There was a wad of British pounds, which we sanitized and took with us. We left everything else to Frijjo, leaving her to burn the bodies. I said we were off to our rooms for baths and rest, asking where and when we should join her for dinner. "Don't worry about that. We'll eat in about two hours. It's in my private dining room. You've not been there - a guard will swing by to escort you at the proper time. Chef is finicky and I can't predict dinnertime to closer that a half hour." Hermione told me to take the first bath and to be quick about it. I was as quick as I could be, but had to wait for Cissy to finish, the rest of the team getting back to our rooms ahead of Hermione and me. My muscles felt much better after a five minute soak in the hot water. Even though we had worn gloves and masks for our distasteful assignment, I still scrubbed viciously at my skin, determined that not the faintest trace of Miomor remained. Before donning clean clothes, I performed cleaning and sanitizing spells on both my used clothes and upon myself. I had been quick, but Hermione was waiting, towel in hand. "Make your report to Harry, I'm going to have to take at least ten." As soon as I lay down on my bed to contact Harry, Aagog scrambled up onto my stomach to give her report. "I find secret hiding spot near ceiling with two quartz cylinders and many diamonds. Catta help me. Cantring is hiding all stones. Quartz cylinder in ceiling is broke. I find nothing in rest of search." I thanked Aagog, telling her that now I must make my report to Minister husband Harry. It was obvious that I caught Harry in busy mode. I was quick, just dumping everything we had learned, including the report from Aagog. Harry wasn't to busy to be very upset. "It sounds like you are in great danger, if Miomor's people were able to invade the pyramid. You are supposed to be building circles, not handling war dead. You could catch something and die! Please be safer! Things aren't great here, either. I talked to McGonagall and Draco. They don't know where Narcissa is and were surprised she had been on Asgard. I talked to the pyramid guard. They say they thought Narcissa had permission to walk through to the pyramid between worlds. She had a very functional ring. They confirm that she left our world, she actually did that while you were still here, and returned almost as soon as you left. Perhaps she spotted your arrival in Asgard. Fran and Angela Lester are at Hogwarts and seem settled in. Cissy and Henry have met with Steven. Steven and Henry got along better than could be expected, given the age difference and their individual problems. Mrs. Longbottom is going to prosecute Eva Duerr. The trial starts next week. McGonagall is already something of a load. Perhaps picking her was a mistake. I won't burden you. Maybe I will. McGonagall has convinced herself that Madam Bones's violation of the Secrecy Act somehow makes her uniquely qualified to play a leading role in handling the situation, including the integration of the Lester's into our world and following up on the leak, which couldn't possibly be down to 'poor Amanda, who was just trying to be helpful'. I'm not at all convinced that your father's hallway conversations are the source of the leak. We arrested Rita Skeeter, but she quickly convinced the truthtellers and Mrs. Longbottom that she had nothing to do with it. we've heard nothing of Roger since we lost him in New York City. Rita might have helped us track him. Opportunity missed. I love you, but I gotta go."
Chapter 2 – Dinner With Frijjo A very sharply dressed young guard stopped by our room at exactly sunset and escorted the four of us to Frijjo's private dining room. I noticed at once that the room was too small to comfortably accommodate our whole party. Before I could raise an objection, Frijjo explained her plan. "I need to meet with just the official government representatives. The rest of your two teams will dine in the Reception Hall. I know that you scared little Witches feel that you require Barb to protect you. She can stay. She has some rank in your Auror Corps, but Penelope is too junior to join us. She'll have to eat with the others. Cho will be joining us as the official representative of the European Wizards – no, I don't count Britain as part of Europe, and neither do you. Captain Davies, Percy, Aagog, Catta, and Tendra will be dining with us. I'm sorry both that this room can't fit Cantring and Pegasus and that their people never identified them as official representatives. You might want to see about correcting that problem." The other persons she mentioned had been escorted into the room, before she finished speaking. Cho sidled up to me "we're ready to replace the calcites, whenever. We can get some sleep after dinner, or we can finish the project by mid-morning – your choice." Frijjo directed us to our seats, telling us that it was pleasant chit chat only, until the servers left. I didn't see any servers, but they arrived with drinks and soup as soon as my bottom hit my chair. I saw that Arce had joined us. She sat right between Hermione and me. "I leave to be ambassador to your world as soon as the circle inside the pyramid is repaired and tuned. Deena will be your main contact after I depart. I believe that will be within the next two days." The servers were gone and Frijjo quickly switched to business. "What must be done to get the pyramid circle working within the day?" When Cho explained the state of affairs, Frijjo immediately instructed "then the work must be done immediately. Our situation is precarious. Are there objections?" She looked straight at me as she said that last part. "As long as we tend to security, I have no objections. We brought swords and Cantring has a bow and arrows. Your loyal guards must be prepared to fight in the absence of magic. There will be no magic for half a day. You need to be able to keep at least this building and the pyramid secure during that time. I also think we must control the circle beside the railroad tracks. Part of our group and you or some of your most trusted guards must go there right after dinner, to secure that circle. We can boost its power as the pyramid circle is turned off. That way fewer of your people will feel the loss of magic. If there is trouble, we will be able to turn off the railway circle." "Right after dinner, because you are afraid, I will contact supporters to ambush you there, if you wait longer?" "No, right after dinner, because that is when the pyramid circle will be turned off for repairs. I have no doubt you can communicate through the Great Black Stone or even through Yggdrasil if you wanted to alert your fighters, while we eat, and that they would be at the railroad track circle, before dessert was served. Since you've touched on mistrust, I must take this time to tell you that Aagog discovered hidden quartz cylinders, ruby cylinders, and white diamonds near the ceiling of the White Column pit. I believe that Cantring is presently guarding them." "And when had you planned to tell me this?" "I thought Cantring would be here and we could just give them to you now, but since we aren't all together, I decided to just tell you now and we can both talk to Cantring after dinner." The food was very good, and it was served with wine from a strange fruit, rather than the wood alcohol Miomor had served us. The wine was good, if overly sweet, and had a strong taste of cherry and almond. No worries – Hermione tested for poison, while I spoke with Frijjo. Frijjo changed directions completely as the main course of a pungently aromatic vegetable stew was served. "We must speak of Odin. I know that he asked you to bring more of your giant spiders to Asgard. He wishes them to enforce his control of seid space. Despite what he told you after Aagog bit me, he now seems to believe that one of the older spiders could kill me…" "My mother bite very, very hard," Aagog told her. "She bite, you die." "That may be true," Frijjo lamented. "I'm not as strong a Goddess as I once was. Even the charging oval can hold back time for only so long. I believe Odin believes that I am vulnerable to the spiders. He means to end my practice of seid. That means he no longer trusts me not to interfere with his plan to become fully spirit. I'm convinced that he still loves me and wishes me well, but he will brook no interference with his plan to move on. He plans to leave you and me and our worlds in charge after he departs. That is why he insists that you and I be friends. Our worlds will be responsible for everything and everything will end if we fight each other. Odin has little faith in his fellow Aesir. He is wise to recognise their degeneracy. I am not pleased to see Odin rush his departure; He will leave a very great mess behind. I love him too much to stop him, if becoming a spirit is what he truly desires. I am unsure if I will ever see his face again. He gives me and Vanaheimer our freedom in order to be rid of us. He thinks your people are the future. If I am to do any more seid to help myself and my world, I must do so very soon. "I tell you what I believe. Odin does not wish to fight another Ragnarök. He thinks he can become full spirit without my seid interference. Both of us lose a lot if Odin departs. We both take part of our authority from him. You told him too much about my early seid attempts to weaken him, but it is Miomor and Gna who turned him firmly against me. His last goodbye to me was so… final. He is not the old Odin. What have you noticed?" "I was surprised when he said it was right that his observatory and Valaskjalf be covered with forest and taken over by nature and the Acromantula. I agree that he sees an Asgard without himself. I didn't take his comments to mean he expects to leave within the year. It will take several decades for the forest to re-establish and the number of Acromantula to increase." "That is very bad. It can be especially bad if Sigrun and the minor Gods of the Aesir quickly grasp Odin's intentions. If Sigrun thinks that Odin will no longer be on Asgard to support Valhalla and the Valkyrie, there is no telling what she would do. She'll certainly seek a new sponsor. The Aesir fear the spiders. There are many, many folk tales. They are remembered as nearly invincible demons. In the end, the Ancient Aesir burned the forest totally, then drove the spiders from seid space. Many Aesir died. It is their greatest nightmare. There is no telling what a people will do when forced to relive their historic nightmare. "There are those who would free Odin's brothers and help them to depose him. I know Vili and Ve still live. Odin could not bear to kill them. It is like your people and Azkaban. You can't kill even your worst rebels and outlaws, but you can chuck them into the worst imaginable prison, where they are tortured daily, until they just die on their own." "Or escape. We stopped using Azkaban. We stopped even before it was destroyed. You are right, it was just too cruel. I have received my third warning about Sigrun. You can trust me to be wary." Dessert arrived and Frijjo left that conversation, as if it had never happened, although she did send a wink in my direction. I was sure that Hermione and possibly Cho, who was right across the table from us, had heard every word. They would analyse every word with me tomorrow. Worse, I would have to go through a repeated dissection of each sentence with Harry and Tony. Frijjo was back to replacing the calcites tonight. "Yes, we definitely must control the circle beside the railroad tracks for the full time that the pyramid circle is out. One of my favorites of the youngest royal generation guards it for me. I wanted to control that circle to prevent an incident or attack, when my opponents found that your team had arrived. Many thought you wouldn't come at all; that Miomor, Gna, and I had spoiled the chance for our peoples to be friends. Others thought that if you came, your arrival was weeks away. Your appearance today must have come as a shock to many. No telling how they will react. My many-times-great nephew Arti agreed to guard the circle, with the help of his girlfriend, Pisa. Arti is one of the few royals who truly loves and trusts his Auntie. "We must arrive in force to help Arti. Once magic fails in the capital, my enemies in Village Vana will come to seize the railway circle. You and several of your best fighters must come with me. I'll bring several of my personal guards. The rest of your group must defend the pyramid, while the repairs are in progress. As you know, the Great Black Stone can help them, but I know that you brought some of your special weapons with you. They must be kept at the ready. This may be a most dangerous night." Hermione and I assured her that we were willing to help and could certainly do all of that. I told her that she must bring her pendant, so that she could kill the railway circle if that was required. "I'll bring it. I trust you not to steal it, since you willingly returned it to me. But you must know that the pendant only works on purple diamond circles – on natural purple diamond circles. I'm not stupid. I know you would have fought returning the pendant if it were able to control circles powered by Hermione's purple diamonds. I don't know why Hermione's diamonds should be good enough to power a circle properly, yet sufficiently flawed that my pendant can't control them, but I'm certain that's the case." "It is. I'm just not at all certain that we won't find the railway circle has one of the original purple diamonds, or that the attackers from Village Vana won't bring one with them." "You are a cautious one. Finish your cake and we'll be on our way." It was very good dark chocolate cake, but I wolfed down the rest of it. We collected Cantring and the others, distributing assignments and returning what Aagog had found to Frijjo. I wanted Hermione, Cho, and Cantring to come to the railway circle with us and then return to the pyramid. Scathach, the Caileach, Aagog and Barb would stay with me to help guard the railway circle. "We need to transport into the circle cavern. I can land my team away from the circle. I'll aim for rear of cavern, toward right side looking toward the circle. Everyone use the 'Off!' curse if we meet resistance. Cantring will use arrows." "I'll bring my guards in atop the central stone," Frijjo promised. Each group arrayed itself in fighting position and held hands. "It will be: three, two, one, now - go on now." Frijjo ordered. "Okay. Three, two, one, now!" It was instantly obvious that more than Arti and Pisa were in the cavern. I saw at least a dozen Vanir and quickly started firing off curses. I dropped three of the defenders. When I turned to find another target, the only defender standing was a young, adult, female Vanir, who was bent over with an arrow in her thigh. I thought it better to 'Off!' her before tending to her wound and did exactly that. "I'll kill that traitorous Arti", Frijjo yelled from atop the lodestone. "The girl with the arrow is Pisa. I don't care if you heal her or let her bleed out. She and Arti betrayed me. Yes, of course you can save her, but first we must bind and disarm all who have fallen. I don't know how long your curse lasts. Ours are good for almost an hour." I made certain that Pisa was thoroughly gooped, before magically removing the arrow from her thigh. "Remove your curse," Frijjo ordered me. I quickly complied. Almost immediately, Pisa was screaming as Frijjo cauterised her wound with a screwdriver she had magically heated. The wooden handle was smoking, and it burst into flame as Frijjo tossed it aside. "Unless you want to find out what I can do with a hammer, you had better start talking," Frijjo shrieked at Pisa. "What is this? You and Arti were supposed to guard the circle alone. Who are all of these... others?" "They're friends. They were just helping us to protect the circle, as you ordered. They're all on your side. Why do you torture me? Arti will be very angry at you." "Nonsense, I recognise that one over there." That comment was punctuated by Frijjo throwing the hammer at the defender in question. It bounced off his leg. I think he was one of the defenders whom I had Offed. If so, he would know nothing of this and would awake, after I removed my curse, wondering how he hurt that leg. "Alright, I'll tell you. You aren't wanted here. You don't even count as Vanir. You are Odin's whore and a traitor to true Vanir. You also should have died centuries ago. We weren't going to allow you to come here and live another life lording it over us. Arti should rule. He was educated for that. He is very brave and a proper Vanir. Also, smart: he knew you would come here, when repairs on the pyramid circle were to begin. We came. We waited. We almost had you." Frijjo pointed her finger at Pisa. Pisa became silent and still. I hoped that Frijjo had used her equivalent of 'Off!' but something about the way Pisa had gone rigid, prior to becoming still, suggested that a more lethal curse had been used. I also realized that with just over a dozen prisoners and with Frijjo in such a deadly mood, I couldn't send as many back to the pyramid as I had hoped. I decided to keep Hermione and Cantring with me, sending the others back with the message that this circle was secure and that they should start work on the pyramid circle. I turned back to find Frijjo standing over Arti. "Stop! Just please stop!" I yelled at Frijjo. "Do you really mind that much if I kill this traitor? Your Mother ethics are making you weaker than you need to be. This is a war." "Bloodthirstiness clouds the judgment. Certainly, you want to question Arti and find out what he knows and why he did this." "I agree. It may be fun to question him. I know why he did this. He is far too ambitious and only pretended to like and support me. You were right, by the way: I did find a purple diamond at the center of this circle. I can't tell it it's Hermione's or an original." I felt a shiver. The pyramid circle had been turned off. "Should we power this circle higher, before magic is missed?" I suggested to Frijjo. "I don't think quite yet. Let my enemies think their plan is working and find out what comes next. Let's give it one of your hours and then power this circle fully. It will be a good test for this purple diamond. You might want to take cover, when I do that." "You don't know what the opposition's plan was. Perhaps this group was supposed to crank up this circle, as soon as the pyramid circle dropped out. Perhaps they were supposed to re-tune it for dark magic. I think you should test whether your pendant can control it. That should tell you what sort of purple diamond powers it." "Good idea. I'll tweak it just a little. The pendant is capable of more than a crude on and off. Yes, it works, so the diamond isn't Hermione's. I wonder where Arti got one of the good ones. I am now very pleased that you stopped me from killing him. It seems that he has far too many secrets. I was certain that I had more than enough skill to determine when one such as this lies to me. He fooled me. That is not at all good. Truth telling was one of my best defenses. That leaves me in a grim spot. There are several hundred royals who could lie to my face and I'd never know it. Several hundred royals who dream of they or their clan ruling the Vanir. I may have to end the monarchy. I make hundreds of deadly enemies if I try to preserve it. End it and they will fight for the survival of their privilege, but they will be neutered. When you return home, you must take the ancient parchment with you. It is like a dagger pointed at my back." "We'll take it and keep it safe, but it's not really nearly as old as you claim. It's about a thousand of our years old. I'm certain it has been re-created multiple times since you left Vanaheimer. Even if each copy was accurate, who would ever believe that. Now I must get back to help our friends defend the pyramid. Ginny, Barb, and Cantring will be enough help here." This was addressed to Frijjo. To me Hermione said "you don't have nearly as many prisoners to guard, as you believe. I think there are only six. Frijjo and her guards were not using 'Off!' They are not Light Guardian Priestesses. We must remember that."
Chapter 3 – A Larger Battle As soon as Hermione was gone, Frijjo lectured me "What did you expect me to do? My fighters and I are greatly outnumbered, and I have no idea how quickly these," she pointed at the dead and comatose opponents, who had controlled this circle "will get reinforcements from the Village Vana. We are only guessing what this circle was expected to do after the pyramid circle was shut down. One miscalculation could bring a horde to attack us. Prisoners are a threat. I thought you would have learned about the danger of a catch and release policy, when you watched all the Death Eaters keep rejoining the fight and almost killing you and your friends. This is open rebellion and war, not a policeman arresting a shoplifter for prosecution. Your people lack a reliable jail. Well, so do I. But yes, we must question the prisoners. We must do it quickly. I erred in letting most of your fighters just leave. I assume you will only be able to un-curse those whom you personally cursed." "That's correct. Hermione cursed your nephew, perhaps she…" "Could be fetched, just like that, by thought alone…" there was awe in her tone. "I Apparated here with Circe to tell you that the pyramid is under attack. They are using magic. You need to re-tune this circle to our standard, so that we can use it, but our attackers can't. Circe says that this circle is tuned for the way the royals are taught to perform magic. The Servers of the Great Black Stone prefer a different tune. Circe is here to help, but we must be quick. We have already used one of our arrays – twice." Hermione and Circe both had viewers. They told Frijjo and me exactly what must be done. We worked very fast. We removed and replaced just a few strands of the gold wire weave between the inner calcites, turning off the circle as we began. Hermione helped us, so this was raced through in minutes. Next, Circe smashed two of the spodumenes atop the lodestone, adding white diamonds on either side of each crystal she had smashed. She replaced the purple diamond with a ruby. The circle screeched a little as we re-energised it. I could tell that I could draw some power from it. Circe looked satisfied with the result. "Hurry!" she commanded. "Our friends die as we wait." We Apparated together to the pyramid, taking our living prisoners with us. We came into the side of a dozen attackers. We cursed them before they noticed our arrival. More attackers were coming through the pyramid entrance. Cissy and Cho had one of the arrays pointed at them. They triggered the arrays and almost a dozen attackers collapsed. We began cursing the remaining attackers and their reinforcements, who hadn't stopped arriving. Frijjo pointed and attackers collapsed. Then suddenly, Frijjo grabbed at her chest and fell to the ground, barely moving. The array was triggered a second time. This time I clearly heard Cho shout 'Kill!' Eight more attackers were on the ground and a couple more were teetering. One of Frijjo's fighters went down, as I fired an 'Off!' at his attacker, while pouring magical energy into Frijjo. I scored on my guy, but one of the two fighters protecting Frijjo and me collapsed atop Frijjo. I dropped his attacker and checked on his condition. He was dead. I was surprised the attackers had managed a strong enough curse, with the way their magic had been messed up by us. The battle paused as most of the attackers grabbed at their heads with both hands. Then I felt a little faint and realised that the railway circle must have been turned off or died. It was swords plus the few remaining wands we had with stored magical energy. An attacker approached me, swinging a heavy, wide sword at me. I ducked the slow sweep of his blade, thrusting forward with my own sword. I gasped. This wasn't like fighting demons. There were no red sparks, no wave of pain in my head, but I felt my sword push through approximately human flesh and crack ribs as it burrowed deep into my attacker. I saw his blood flow and had to jerk hard upon by sword to free it as he collapsed. I sensed movement on my left and faded away from another attacker, who was approaching too fast for me to defend myself with my sword. I used a wandless 'Off!' curse to drop him. I slashed an attacker, who had cornered Hermione and knocked her sword from her hands. I swung high and half removed his head, blood squirting everywhere, including on both Hermione and me. Little time to think as another attacker approached with a spear. I had another 'Off!' worth of power left in that wand and used it to drop him. Even in the heat of battle, as I untaped my last wand from my torso, I realised how incongruous it was to use 'Off!' as I practically lopped off bloody heads with my sword. I was surprised by a bright green flash. I hadn't realised that one of the arrays had enough magical energy left to be of any value. I was more surprised to hear Cho shout "aim at that group. I'm ready to fire again." The attackers were fleeing the pyramid. I let them escape without trying to curse them. Circe hit the panel beside the pyramid door, causing it to slide closed. "Tell the Great Black Stone that it must deny entry to any but the Servers, Hermione, and me. Nobody Apparates into the pyramid" Circe looked questioningly at Frijjo, but Frijjo was still in no position to complain, so Circe did as I asked. "You can add others one-by-one as you decide they are safe. Now let's assess our injured and do what we can to heal their injuries." I yelled to the Hogwarts students to get help and goop the attackers, whom we had 'Off'ed. Captain Davies was bleeding from a sword cut at her waist, but the bleeding was slow enough that I knew the sword hadn't damaged any significant arteries or veins. I used magic to stop the bleeding and seal the wound. I was very grateful that I had been able to save my last pre-charged wand. I had been about to deplete its charge in battle, when Cho unleashed her wand array. Hermione used a numbing spell along with her needle and thread and a 'Descuzzify Totalis' to cleanse the wound. Captain Davies would be fine in a week. Hermione was working on Frijjo, while Cho tended to Deestra, whose right arm hung useless by her side. Arce hovered beside them telling Cho how bravely Deestra had defended the Great Black Stone and its pyramid and how horrible it was for the pyramid to be attacked for a second time in little more than a week. Deestra was having none of that. She wailed "Melona is dead. She killed two attackers, then a third killed her. It was awful. She was very brave and very loyal. She would not allow this circle to be harmed." "The Great Black Stone helped us again. We couldn't have held out without us. It kept the attackers pressed into the far end of the pyramid for the first part of the fight. The attackers seemed to know which places on the pyramid walls must be damaged to stop our Stone from helping us. We Servers knew nothing of this. How could our attackers have known?" I was beyond grateful that neither of the Hogwarts volunteers had been hurt grievously. Unfortunately, Mona had lost two fingers. I hoped that Hermione knew how to fix her hand. The students must return to Hogwarts as close to immediately as was possible under current conditions. I knew that Frijjo had problems but hadn't imagined they were this bad. She wasn't even remotely in control of her world. I had to discuss this Quest stop with Odin. I hadn't signed up to take sides in a civil war. This was very different than what had seemed a difficult, but necessary, fight on Hel at Odin's request. The spirits of our people, including Fred, had been rescued. Hel was an increasing threat to my world. I didn't feel badly about that fight. This one was leaving me sick to my stomach and totally questioning the wisdom of this Quest stop. I had a duty to protect my Quest team. I wasn't meeting that standard. Removing the Hogwarts students and meeting with Odin must happen within the day. I realised that one purpose justified the other. There was no way that Frijjo could reasonably object to a short departure to evacuate students from the threat zone. I had to steel myself for a very uncomfortable discussion with Harry tonight. Hogwarts students in a fight were trouble for him, likely very big trouble, if my grilling by the Wizengamot was a fair indication. Hermione shook my shoulder, drawing me back to real time. "The wounded have all been cared for as well as we can, the dead are dead. Fortunately, none of ours, although Frijjo's guard is depleted and we lost Melona. What were you thinking, when I disturbed you?" I told her, including my plan for the two of us to make a quick getaway. "I agree. I want to stay for Frijjo's questioning of the prisoners. Especially her questioning of Arti. I'm not certain that our truth-telling skills can spot lies from a Vanir royal – I've tried to upgrade my ability since Miomor fooled us, but I just don't know. I think we must use my spiked Veritaserum. It just might work. I think we leave this day in any case. I'm sure Frijjo will kill the prisoners and I don't care to be around for that. I know I can't stop her, and I abhor her actions." "Yes. I killed two of the attackers with my sword. It was awful. I'm trying to be a better Mother and Light Guardian priestess, but I just keep fighting and killing. I used an 'Off!' on Pisa and all the other attackers I faced, when my wand worked. It seemed humane, but Frijjo will just kill all of them, like she killed Pisa. I'm not happy fighting her battle. We will speak to Odin." Arti was the first prisoner to be questioned. Frijjo agreed to use Hermione's Veritaserum. I think it worked - up to a point. It certainly seemed to loosen his tongue. He didn't try to hide his complete disdain for Frijjo, telling her that Vanir royalty had long since left her behind and that he viewed himself as the legitimate second-in-line to the throne. He had many supporters among the royals, although several others with 'lesser' right to the throne than his father, still felt they must rule. His faction was the strongest. Whatever happened to him, and if Frijjo valued her life, nothing bad had better happen to him, Frijjo could not win. Almost nobody liked her. Almost nobody felt she had a valid claim to the throne. Almost everybody thought her a traitor to the Vanir. She should be dead. He was unconvinced that she even was the real Frijjo. How could she have lived for such a long time? She was more a villain of legend than a real person to the Vanir. She had made a crucial mistake, which had set all the royals against her. How dare she propose to share rule with an elected council. The royals' rule must be absolute. They could appoint the occasional non-royal chief advisor, but any elected position was an abomination and a mortal threat to all royals. She may hold the symbols of royal power, quite illegally, but that gave her no precedence over legitimate heirs to the throne. Legitimate heirs with the balls to rule with absolute power. She'd be dead if these outsider mercenaries," he motioned to Hermione and me, "hadn't intervened. We were clearly better fighters than Frijjo and her guards. The trap had been perfect. She was damned lucky to still live. Her escape was another dark moment in the history of the Vanir." He stopped for a breath and Frijjo cursed him for a minute, also describing all the vile things she would do to his person. Then Frijjo asked the crucial question: "where did you get the purple diamond, we found in the circle beside the railway tracks?" She waved the diamond in his face. "It's ours. It's always been ours. Our side found a viable mine. The vein holds mainly tiny purple diamonds and white and yellow diamonds, but we retrieved a couple of wonderful, big, perfect purple diamonds." "Where is the mine? I compel you to answer me." There was a bang and the purple diamond shattered, really exploded, in Frijjo's hand. Her hand was bleeding, and one finger was dangling almost free of the hand." I pulled my wand to prevent further attack, but Arti was already dead. I guess he knew the Lucius Malfoy trick. We stopped the profuse bleeding from Frijjo's injured right hand and carefully wrapped the hand in a wet cloth, while we debated how best to repair it." A shocked Frijjo demanded in tremulous voice: "take me to Odin. At once. He will be able to fix my hand." "Okay, I had planned to evacuate the Hogwarts students today, anyway. There has been entirely too much fighting for them to stay here. The same is likely true for the rest of us, as well." Hermione and I quickly found the two students and helped them pack their belongings. We held hands, with me holding Frijjo's good hand, and were transported to the library inside Yggdrasil. I messaged Odin to come quickly - we had injuries, including Frijjo.
Chapter 4 – Odin A minute passed and then Odin was standing with us in the library. He saw Frijjo and a female student with their right hands wrapped in white cloth. The cloth on the student's hand looked pristine. Frijjo's cloth had a reddish-brown patch, where her blood had soaked through the cloth. I was thinking that Odin always arrives almost instantly whenever Frijjo is hurt or in some sort of danger. I stepped aside to give him easy access to her. Commenting to Frijjo "I didn't expect to see you again," Odin helped her into a seat and... moved past her to check out the injured student. "It's a pity to see one so young be injured in what clearly was a battle, when she was present only to learn how to repair a damaged circle. I apologise for that problem. Here, let me check that hand. Why, you've lost the better part of two fingers and lopped the top off a third? Fortunately, Odin knows how to fix this." Odin expressed such sympathy as he applied multiple spells and cream from two bottles to the girl's injured hand, that I thought I would have to keep close watch, lest Odin try to hustle her off to his bed. He worked on her hand for half an hour before announcing "you're almost as good as new, but you need a session in my energising ovals to spur your body to complete the cure. I'll take you there and get you set up, before I tend to the more complicated case, which is Frijjo." Hermione must have shared my thought, because she volunteered to accompany them, tend to the girl while she was inside the oval, and escort her back to the library. As soon as they left, Frijjo unburdened herself: "Now you see how I am regarded here. I told you the straight truth. The girl isn't bleeding, I am. Odin is done with me. You're his favourite now. We must work together to save our own and all of Odin's other worlds. Odin lacks the necessary energy and desire to make the effort to preserve his corporeal domain. As you know, I've lived thousands of your years. All but thirty of those years have been spent on Asgard. Many of those years not by my own choosing. I was required to sacrifice much for Odin. The only time I returned to Vanaheimer, when the people I knew before Odin seized me were still alive, was a brief visit of purposeful humiliation of me, by Odin. It was meant to show my people the futility of revolt, but it HURT ME. I've grown comfortable, even happy here. I didn't have a lot of choice. I knew nobody on Vanaheimer. I had so few choices that Odin allowed me to spend years rambling across your world and Venera. Your people saw me as Goddess. I know that was very long ago. I know that your people are wiser and more powerful now and that I'm only half the Goddess I was then. I am no better able to keep Odin's worlds safe than Odin is. Without the victory on Hel, all would likely be lost now. That was down to you and your friends. We must work together. Promise me that you will." I mumbled "okay." I didn't know how deep a commitment I was prepared to make. I didn't want to fight Frijjo's civil war. I was fishing around for what more I could comfortably say, as Frijjo stared at me, her eyes begging me to promise my support. "I'll do the best I can. This last battle has unnerved me. I can't ask my Questers to fight your civil war, one you seem very ill-prepared to fight without us. I don't even believe in royal rule. Our government is elected. Our British Queen has almost no real power. I can say that there is zero chance I could ever have sided with Arti. I must think, my government..." Odin was back and surprisingly cheerful. "Hello, Frijjo my love. Now let me attend to you. I had to get the girl squared away, before I could devote my full attention to healing you. You know how emotional and noisy injured children can be, although this one was remarkably stoic about her injury. You owe her. She fought and was injured on your behalf as well as Ginny's. I also owe her. It is a terrible thing to force children to fight. It's not at all why I sent the Questers plus two young students to Vanaheimr. Now, let me fix your hand." He unwrapped Frijjo's hand, telling her "you really seriously injured this. It looks like a sword did this. This will take a little while, but I can fix it. While I work, why don't you tell me what happened. How bad are things on Vanaheimer?" Frijjo told a very long tale. Fixing her hand took that long. She did not object to my listening to her tale. I believe she was completely honest with Odin and me. She showed the purple diamond shards to Odin and told him of its origin from a mystery mine on Vanaheimer. Odin at first thought it must be one of the original purple diamonds. Perhaps there were four full sized diamonds plus the smaller version which ended up in the royal pendant. Perhaps his diamond exploded in the circle of the pyramid-between-worlds because it was an inferior copy - my fighters hadn't done anything which should have caused it to fail that spectacularly, although he was still trying to fully understand my magic. Odin stopped work on Frjjo's hand, for the briefest time, to extract a magnifier and small calipers from his robes. After a quick examination, he reported: "you are correct. This diamond is a little smaller than the three original ones. One must determine the diameter implied by the largest pieces. It does appear that it was of excellent quality, but I can't know for certain without testing it in a circle, which is obviously impossible now. How did it die." In answer, Frijjo simply held up her hand. "Arti made it happen, just by his mind." Frijjo surprised me by handing me the diamond pieces just as soon as Odin returned them to her and insisting "you must take these with you when you return the students to their home. Hermione must ask her professor friend to run all his tests on them. I know that Hermione will make at least one whole copy of the original. I don't mind. Ask her to make one for me, as well." I doubted that was within the power of even Adrienne and Hermione working together. Frijjo then angered me by suggesting "I fear you won't return to Vanaheimer, so perhaps I must visit your world to seek its return and Hermione's report." "My Quest team is on Vanaheimer. How can you suggest that I would abandon them there to make their own way back home? Of course, I will return. I expect to return within the day, two at the most, depending how many meetings are demanded of me and how long it takes to fully examine your diamond. I am uncertain how long I will ask my team to stay on Vanaheimer. That will certainly be a topic of discussion with the governments of my world. I'm happy to build circles for you and to rebuild the white columns, once I am taught how to do that, but I don't wish to participate in a civil war of succession on your world. I especially don't want to participate as your mercenary troops, when you seem to have so few troops of your own. My Quest team is limited to a size that is not capable of winning a war. I don't think I'm willing to wage that war, even if my team were enlarged. Vanaheimer is not at all as I was led to believe." "I never lied to you. Nobody was more surprised than I by Arti's treachery. I trusted that my position was far more secure than is obviously the case. I knew I had problems in the countryside but thought the pyramid safe. I will have to make changes. I still believe I firmly control Government House and most of the City Vanir. I would not ask you or your team to travel to Village Vana, until it is safe, and we have enough force to protect ourselves there. My life will also be at risk. I will be with you the whole while you are in that village. Please promise to return." I realised that I had impetuously raised the subject I had planned to discuss with Odin outside of Frijjo's hearing. Worse, I had done so without Hermione present to assist me. I had been manipulated. The false accusation that I wouldn't return, even to bring the rest of my team home, had been an outrageous statement intended to goad me into blurting what I had just said. I had said it while Odin's attention was fixed on his poor, wounded lover - the worst possible time. I hoped Odin wouldn't respond. Frijjo's presence must inhibit a full response. Fortunately, Odin limited his response to "please play together nicely. This doesn't have to be decided right this instant." Frijjo continued a long explanation of her status on Vanaheimer. I learned some things I hadn't known. Frijjo had known from the start that one branch of the royal family, the Altairs, was opposed to her. They were the largest group of royals, with over a hundred members and were known to back Miomor. They had a tendentious, sort-of claim to be legitimate heirs to the throne, although they had several key out-marriages in their family tree, which Frijjo felt were disqualifying to the very inbred Vanir royals. She thought Arti's faction, the Melani family, supported her. If the new royal leader were to be chosen from the recent generations, they had several legitimate candidates. She had been wrong to trust them, or perhaps Arti played his own game, apart from his family. His was not among the strongest claims to the throne and perhaps he planned to leapfrog others in his families. If that were the case, key assassinations would have begun very soon - some might have already happened, Frijjo didn't know the exact whereabouts of most of the royals. She hoped that the remaining hundred or so royals, scattered among three families, were as neutral as they seemed, but now feared this wasn't true. Their families weren't in line for the throne by any plausible theory of royal succession, so they might well stay out of the fight, or even provide a careful level of support, if given an allowance. That was a risk Frijjo was considering. She had met with the councilmen who hadn't supported Miomor. They were willing to work together if Frijjo was willing to let them have the greater share of power and renounce any royal right to rule. They knew that the royal charter from the Light Guardian was a fraud and demanded that Frijjo publicly admit this. She could keep the pendant. They would take the ring - on behalf of all the Vanir people. There would be an election, but until then Frijjo could be the fifth member of the ruling council. Yes, of course two members of their own families were already added to the Council. They had saved the last spot for Frijjo, suspecting there was a deal to be had. Yes, of course Miomor's allies had been thrown off. They were, in fact, already dead. Frijjo didn't mention who had been responsible for these deaths. She sadly admitted "yes, the councilmembers are at least several steps ahead of me and anticipated that I would have no choice but to renounce royal rule... really to accept what scraps they felt they could easily afford to offer me. I get one vote against a united four. I am their ally or I am without influence. They knew my fellow royals would desert me." Having admitted her sadness, she abruptly crashed into melancholy. Frijjo wept as she reported that four of her most loyal guards were dead - the two whose deaths I had witnessed, one who died during the first attack upon the pyramid, and one who was murdered while shopping for food in the main market place of the City Vana during his day off. The attacker had not been caught and the police had few leads. Her police force in the capital was only a third the size of Miomor's. Vetting loyal staff was a slow process. Her truth-telling and mind-reading skill was good enough to determine lack of current malice toward her, even a level of support, in the moment, but the situation was fluid and loyalties could change quickly. She was determined to hire only those whose loyalty was unlikely to change. The guard staff at Government House was close to full strength. The Servers of the Great Black Stone had proven most worthy - loyal, intelligent, and surprisingly good fighters. She had been foolish not to immediately give them her full trust and support. She was still learning. Freyr and Gna had shown her a very limited, and largely false, view of Vanaheimer. She had not set foot in the Village Vana since the start of her Quest. By tradition, Quests always began in that ancient village. Her government was short of money. Food deliveries from the countryside were erratic. She was considering which approach would gain her more support: basically renouncing the right of royals to rule and become a very diminished monarch who gave Council the biggest share of power, pledging to rule for only a several year period to get Vanaheimer back on its feet before stepping aside for a royal successor from the largest royal grouping, but the rising prices of food and other goods hurt that effort. She was frustrated and worried. She wouldn't deny that. She sought Odin's advice, and mine. Hermione returned with Mona. "My fingers are back, and I can actually make them work!" Mona was jubilant. "That's the worst injury I've ever had. It was terrifying, but I would fight again, to protect our team, if given the chance. I know I'm being sent back home, along with Bronwyn. I know the danger likely hasn't passed. I want to come back when you think it's safe enough for us to do so. I learned a lot in a couple of days. I also learned how much I must learn. I really care about the Servers of the Great Black Stone. They are so brave, and smart, and dedicated. I want to be like them. They treated both Bronwyn and me very well." "I can only promise to try to bring you back, when the time is right," I honestly told her, "given what has happened, my husband and your parents will likely have a veto over that. Bronwyn was here on our last trip to Vanaheimer. I caught a lot of abuse from the Wizengamot for taking her somewhere so dangerous. I've wondered, why did she want to return; why did her parents allow her to return? Why did you want to joint the Quest team after the controversy over the last trip?" "A lot of reasons. Bronwyn said it was the most excitement she ever had and that she felt welcome and appreciated. She wants to do something important with her life. So do I. That isn't easy for Witches like us. I know there is a lot of prejudice against Muggle-born Witches. Hermione understands that. What she didn't understand is the prejudice in the English community against Welsh-born Witches. Wizards society is frozen in the old English view of we Welsh. Put the two together and I didn't have a super happy time at Hogwarts, even though most of my fellow Gryffindors helped me as much as they could. As a Lebanese immigrant, Mona had it a little worse than I did. I don't say this to malign your father or your husband, but I expect to find just as much prejudice and suffer just as much if I work for the Ministry as I have at Hogwarts. The Minister and Deputy have been good, from everything I've heard, but you need to get past so many lower levels with nasty bosses who don't like you, before you can come to a Minister's or Deputy Minister's attention. I hope you will put in a good word for me, when the time comes. The Ministry is in England. I'll have to fight my parents to be able to stay in England." "It seems we all have to do better," Odin summarised. "Since these brave students did far more to protect my Frijjo and Ginny's Quest than they agreed to do or any of us expected to be required, I feel that I owe each of them a reward. For Bronwyn, I have a reward of a hundred gold galleons. Since Mona was injured fighting on my behalf, even though I think I made her good as new, I have a reward of one-hundred-and-fifty gold galleons. I always collect pockets full of galleons on my trips to your world. If either of you wants to return, you have my support. If you want to learn, I will help to teach you - right here on Asgard. Ginny needn't worry, I will behave myself. Now it is time for Ginny and Hermione to deliver you home. I will meet with them and ask Yggdrasil to begin their instruction when they return - hopefully in a day or two. This isn't your vacation, just a few days instruction, then off to Vanaheimr again. Your vacation comes after you clear the rubble from the White Column chambers. I think you've thoroughly explored the pit. Frijjo will clear the rest of the bodies and rubble, while you're away. I reached through Yggdrasil to tell Harry that we were returning for a day or two. There had been a large fight. One student was injured but was fully repaired. I knew we needed a long talk. Could he and Ron meet us at our house in an hour?
Chapter 5 – How Are Things On The Home Front Hermione took Mona to her house. We were all going to have quick baths and a change of clothes before Harry and Ron arrived. I gave Bronwyn first shot at the bath, fearing that Harry wouldn't wait the full hour to return home. It was no big deal if he caught me in the tub, but Bronwyn likely wouldn't be at all pleased. I took the time to make a giant pot of tea and to explore whether Harry had anything in the house which would go with the tea. Happily, there was a large box of shortbreads. I filled a plate and placed it upon our kitchen table. When Bronwyn returned from her bath, I told her that if Harry arrived before I returned that she should tell him her tale about the difficulties of Welsh Witches at Hogwarts and the Ministry. The Wizarding world was changing, but all too slowly. Harry favoured change and wasn't as afraid of offending the stick-in-the-mud old farts of the opposition ranks in the Wizengamot, but he got as easily distracted as I did, and Bronwyn's push would be a good thing. As I used my wand to heat my bath to steaming temperature, I felt an extra sense of ease to be tapping into the power of our own magical circles. The strange magical force of Vanaheimer had set my teeth on edge. The screaming of the mis-tuned railway circle as it finally failed hadn't hurt my head as much as it injured the attackers, but it had created a pervasive, psychic unease, which was tough to cope with in the middle of a battle. When the fight was over and the pyramid circle restored to function, the tuning had been more for Vanaheimer minds than to my preference. Now, I could luxuriate immersed in both my hot bath and my friendly magical force. My muscles were sore from the battle. Sword fighting is difficult and I, fortunately, had no prior experience cutting flesh with my sword. I was just approaching the feeling relaxed point, when I heard Harry talking to Bronwyn. I gave myself another minute of soothing and then towelled and dressed in my Ministry formal robes, the only truly clean robes I owned. A big snog with Harry and I was ready for business. There was a knock at the door and Hermione and Ron joined us. Introductions of Mona and Bronwyn were made. We sat around the table and I poured everyone a large cup of orange tea. I told Harry that all of us would take turns telling him the story. We weren't all present for the entirety of events. Harry agreed, but said he needed to go first. "No pressure at all from Ron or me, but your father asked to join us. He says to tell you that although he behaved shamefully toward your Quest team and is very sorry, that he thinks his experience as Minister can help and he very much wants to be helpful. Molly will come with him to guarantee that... I guess to guarantee that Arthur will be on his best, most helpful behavior." I could tell that Bronwyn felt the conversation had taken a seriously strange turn. I agreed that Dad could meet with us, he might very well be present when we met with Hermione's committee, which I was certain we would do within a day. I reached Dad and Mum through the Stone and told them that they were welcome to join us. They arrived almost immediately. Mum and I had a big hug, held for a while as we whispered to each other. "Your father really is extremely sorry that he and Prudence did so much to mess up your Quest. I'm not sure he can help you, but he is determined to try. I told him that this is your and Harry's meeting and he is lucky to be allowed to attend. It is good to see you. I worried. I know that the turmoil with your father knocked you off your game and that can lead to dangerous errors." "It could have. Hermione steadied me, she is a great friend and muse." We told our tale. Telling it again made it seem even more dangerous and disastrous than it had seemed when we lived it. A dead Server, two dead guards, a wounded student, and a seriously wounded Captain Davies. I had killed again - more than once. I had tried to avoid doing so, but in the end, I had killed. This was the natural consequence of involving myself in battles and civil wars. Harry viewed the situation as even more serious than I did. A swordsman coming at your wife too quickly for her to use her sword in defence was frightening. Had this happened a minute or two later, after I had expended the stored magical energy in my last wand, I would be dead. It was that close a thing. Harry had fought enough to recognise that. Ron also knew how close to death Hermione had come. "You're not Questing. You're fighting a war. If you're fighting a war, then it makes no sense to limit your numbers. I'm not at all convinced it makes sense for our community to be fighting in a civil war on Vanaheimer, but I know your Quest makes no sense. I think you've all Quested quite enough on Vanaheimer," Harry was adamant. "Determining who will rule Vanaheimer is not your job. It was important to help rid that world of those, like Miomor, and Freyr, and the dark Gods, who were a threat to our world as well as Vanaheimer. If the Vanir don't want Frijjo, I think it none of your or our world's business to impose her upon them. That is just very wrong. You've fought so much. You invaded Hel for Odin. That arguably was also to the benefit of our world and it did free the spirits of many of our friends. As both your Minister and your husband, I say you've fought enough. It's not consistent with your intention to be a proper Light Guardian Priestess and you are severely pressing your luck. Keep this up and you will be killed." Wow! Ron and Dad both agreed with him. Mum said "they're right dear. Odin and Frijjo are taking advantage of you." That was a very strong statement from Mum. I was taken a little aback, just because it was more directive than her normal tone, but I couldn't deny the logic of what she said. I also agreed with all of them. It was hard to imagine how the Quest would continue past tomorrow's meeting of Hermione's committee. I wasn't sure that I wanted it to. I'd missed my chance for a serious talk with Odin prior to the meeting of Hermione's committee. I could do it by Stone, but that wasn't quite the same. That reminded me that I had to contact Cho with a preliminary update for my team. Others were speaking. "...trust Frijjo, and yet here you and Hermione are risking your lives so that she can rule Vanaheimer. How would you feel if a Wizard from very long ago, not even the thousands of years Frijjo has been away, let's say someone like Salazar Slytherin, returned and thought he had a right to rule us, because he thinks he was unfairly shunted aside many generations before you were born? Now, how would you feel if Slytherin showed up with an army of Questers from Venera as his enforcers, giving us no choice to decide who should run our government? That's exactly what you've been tricked into doing. Frijjo wasn't even going to rule back in her day. She was just to be the wife of the ruler. Was that even a position of real power?" "I don't know Ron. I don't want to die and neither does Hermione. We don't want to pick the leader of the Vanir. That's up to them. We just agreed to help a formerly magical people to regain their magic. I am not at all happy about the situation we found ourselves in. I hoped to talk to Odin before we returned home, but the opportunity never came up." "I did talk briefly with Odin and made my complaint to him, telling him that we went to Vanaheimer to restore magic, not to be Frijjo's army. I told Odin that I would wait and think it over and talk to Ginny and my inter-government committee, but that I would stop Questing if it required fighting. I am not a fighter. I owe it to Ron to stay alive. I see no benefit to our world from fighting to help Frijjo rule. I told Odin that if he felt guilty and that he carried a debt to Frijjo, then he must pay it - I would not. Odin told me 'later'. No offence to Mona, but it probably would have been best not to have to say what I said in front of her." "It's good for more of us to know how things really are," Mona complained. "I want to be your friend. I am willing to keep your secrets." "I know. You just shouldn't have to carry that responsibility. Now, unless any of you have helpful suggestions, prior to the meeting of my committee tomorrow, I have to pay a visit to Uncle Reg and his scientist friend." "Wait a moment. Before you go, I want to hear what help Dad thinks he has to improve our safety or shorten our Quest." "I don't actually have a lot beyond my best wishes and willingness to do what I can. Ellie and I are searching the Department of Mysteries for artifacts which might give you the surprise weapon you need. We haven't found it yet. At least, if we have found it, we haven't figured out how to make it work. George and Lee are also working on some new Weasley Wonders for you to take back with you. I've been helping them. We are improving the blackout powder and the ability to magically see through the blackout. I've spoken to Cotto. He has volunteered a half dozen Elves to watch your back in their invisible mode. You've not made use of the invisibility cloaks. You should do that. Mainly, and don't take this as criticism - I know that those battles were forced upon you from the moment you arrived on Vanaheimer, but I think you have neglected diplomacy. You began this Quest with the knowledge that you would face so many Gods and Goddesses that trying to fight your way through would inevitably lead to defeat and death. If you go back to Vanaheimer, and I'm not convinced that you should, then you need to understand and talk to the various factions as much as Frijjo does. You've been going based upon the guarded information Frijjo decides to give you and it seems her understanding of her world is very slim. My final suggestion is that you need to explore the past decade or century of events on Vanaheimer in seid space. My final promise is that I will continue to search for ways to help you." "Thank you, that was useful, and I do appreciate your help." I gave Dad a hug. "Now I need to go talk to Neville. Don't think I missed the lack of an update on events here at home. However bad they are, I want to know about them. We can talk over dinner." Before heading to Hogwarts, I reached Cho through the Stone. I told her of my schedule for the next day and a half and asked how things were on Vanaheimer. "No more fighting, not a lot of help from the Vanir, apart from the Servers. Supplies haven't arrived at the pyramid. We and the Servers are consuming our supplies. Frijjo hasn't returned. We've finished fine tuning the circle. Nothing else to do here, apart from serving as the pyramid guards. In addition to the Servers, two of Frijjo's guards are present. That's it." I told her to pack up and prepare to return home. I would contact Odin and get back to her. Odin wasn't surprised to hear from me. He was surprised that I was about to order my team home and cancel the Quest. I explained that this decision wouldn't be made until after the meeting of Hermione's committee tomorrow. I wasn't on Vanaheimer and my team was uncomfortable serving as the military guard for the pyramid. I couldn't in good conscience ask them to stay. Frijjo's government was providing all of two guards to defend the pyramid and protect the Servers, circle, and Great Black Stone. That wasn't fair. My team weren't mercenary soldiers. Our task was to repair the circle. That was fully complete. My team was doing nothing except waiting for another battle and another chance to be killed in another peoples' civil war. That wasn't the purpose of my Quest. Odin promised to speak to Frijjo. I must give him an hour. Frijjo was fully healed, but Odin had felt she needed some pampering before returning home. Perhaps that wasn't fair to the peoples of Britain. I agreed to give him the hour. In less than half that time, both Odin and Frijjo were simultaneously talking to me through Yggdrasil. Yggdrasil also was not silent. Of course, Frijjo and Odin needed to travel to Earth to see me in person. At once! I told them the key meeting was tomorrow. They'd stay until then. I needed to keep my team on Vanaheimer until after that meeting. "Cho doesn't feel safe," I complained. "I can't ask her to stay and defend the pyramid, when Frijjo only supplies two of her guards to defend it. We are being treated as her army, not a Quest team. I'm beginning to doubt she has any significant level of support. Everywhere she is understaffed, and her guard force is very small, even in the capital. If she doesn't have enough supporters to even adequately guard Government House and the pyramid, then we are fighters not repairers of magic. With the deaths during the last attack on the pyramid and with Frijjo, Hermione, me, and the two students gone, there are eight less pyramid defenders than when we barely fended off the last attack. Several of the remaining defenders were injured in the last battle. Cho is right. It's not safe for my team to remain in the pyramid. They want to come home." "I'll send more guards to the pyramid," Frijjo promised. "Give me an hour and then decide." I relayed that message to Cho. She agreed to wait an hour. I would spend that hour with Neville. I had one big question for Neville, one that it didn't seem fair to ask Margaret: "How did he cope with the emotional aftermath of killing by sword?" Neville was a good person to ask. He was gentler than me, and could helpfully get along with more people than I do. He also was more the scholar and less the adventure-seeking explorer and fighter that I am. "Since you're asking me that question, clearly you haven't found an answer that satisfies you or justifies your actions in your own mind. I have a few questions for you. "Did you travel to Vanaheimer to fight and kill Vanir?" "No, of course not. We went to fix their magic for them." "In the fight, did you kill as many attackers as you could, or did you kill only as a last resort, or somewhere in between." "Until I was down to my last wand and magic had died, I didn't use the sword. When I used my wands, I limited myself to 'Off', even though I feared Frijjo would just execute the prisoners, as she did in the battle at the circle beside the railway tracks. So perhaps I half thought that, in the end, an 'Off!' would have the same result as the A-K. I killed two of them with my sword. It's a very personal sort of killing. Not at all the same as with a wand. I felt my sword slicing or pushing its way through their flesh and bone. I had their blood on me. I had to yank my sword out of the one guy and I almost separated the other guy's head from his body. It wasn't the same as when we fought demons. There I got a shot of pain from each killing and the demons just vanished in red sparks. They didn't seem truly alive. I paid in pain, on the spot, for each killing of a demon. This was sooo different." "I understand. I also felt that difference. I can tell you what consoles me: I know I made the right, tough choice, knowing if I didn't kill the attacker, that either I or a friend would die. It was either true self-defence or the defence of an innocent. Killing is always jarring, but I can live with it if it was right and I know that I didn't have the choice of a less destructive action. Was your killing justified?" "I believe so. The guy whose head I cut almost off would have done the same to Hermione, if I had waited even a second. The other was trying to kill me. I had ducked his first swing, right before I stabbed him. I agree that I didn't have a choice. I still feel badly about it. That's not the sort of Mother I want to be, but I've been forced to be that sort of Mother. I don't feel right about fighting Frijjo's battles. I hate that she kills the prisoners whom I deliberately don't use a killing curse to stop. I really don't care that much if she uses a killing curse to fight her part of the battle. It just feels that I am dirty if the attackers I leave in a totally defenceless position are slaughtered by Frijjo. I think I should have stopped her, but I didn't. I was afraid that would lead to another fight and more killing between my Questers and her guards. I felt so helpless and just dirty. I'm supposed to be a Light Guardian priestess. I shouldn't be a part of that. I shouldn't be killing Vanir to force them to accept Frijjo as their ruler. I'd rather they made their own choice. I'd be happier trying to help Percy and Callista come up with a diplomatic solution. I just know that it's going to take a huge amount of killing to force Frijjo as ruler - way more killing than I can stand to be part of. She says she doesn't have the forces to guard prisoners, but she seems blood thirsty as she makes her way among the stunned and dead, deliberately killing the merely stunned. I did convince her that she needed to question the prisoners. The first one wound up killing himself. It was worse than Lucius Malfoy, because I was sure Lucius was rotten and that he had tried to kill me. These Vanir, even those in the act of killing me, just wanted to capture the pyramid. They fought me only because I was in their way." "You had a perfect right to be where you were. They weren't justified in killing you. It is going to take time for you to settle your feelings. It took me weeks. I know that Margaret went through weeks of nightmares and came out the other side… I think, I hope, whole again, or very nearly so. I won't deny that even after weeks, killing leaves you a changed person in subtle ways you can hide from yourself most of the time. You can be called a hero; you can even believe that you acted heroically - there is still a change and the inescapable darker periods of reflection that perhaps the killing wasn't entirely necessary, that perhaps you wanted too much to be a hero, that perhaps the other guy wasn't as awful as you told yourself he was. You've been here before. You'll survive. Your regret is a good sign. Talk to Hermione's mother, when you have time. My mother also might help. Your own mother is a very good person, who has killed. Would it help if I shared some of my sherry with you?" "I think I need to be very sober. I talk to Odin and Frijjo in less than a half hour and I need to decide whether to ask Cho to stay in the pyramid, until I get back, or come home right away. Oh! That's Cho, do you mind if I lie down on the floor of your office to speak with her?" I was motioned to the floor and found a nice section of rug. Cho told me that eight of Frijjo's guards had just arrived. They seemed fit and eager to defend the pyramid. Cissy said they told the truth, when they told Cho that they were friends who were willing to die to defend the pyramid, Servers, and Questers. Cho was willing to stay at least until I returned. The guards had brought fresh supplies. There was plenty of food and water, but it was still poop in a bucket time, since it was unsafe to leave the pyramid. One of the guards suggested Apparating to Government House and back. Cho had declined, not hinting at any thought that it might be risky for a single, or even pair of, Questers to Apparate to Government House to use a bathroom. The bucket seemed the preferable alternative.
Chapter 6 – Frijjo and Odin, Before I Wanted To See Them I contacted Frijjo. She was pleased to hear that Cho and I weren't ordering the immediate evacuation of our Quest team. She was less thrilled when I told her that we were still unsure about continuing to Quest on Vanaheimr, or work on Vanaheimr in any capacity. I explained that the final decision would be a joint decision of Hermione's committee and the Quest team, but that Hermione, Cho, and I all had serious doubts about the wisdom and ethics of our efforts on Vanaheimr. Things were not at all as we had been led to expect and her conduct deeply troubled us. Frijjo repeated her justification for the slaughter of prisoners – she didn't have enough loyal guards to secure a prison, adding that she didn't trust the security of the former regime's jail building. She didn't know what secrets the builder had hidden in that structure, it was in the district of the City Vanir whose residents she trusted least, and even if she ignored all of that, it was a fourth position which her forces would need to guard. Hermione had apparently been listening in to at least part of this discussion, as she now inserted herself. "The British view the killing of prisoners as a war crime. That is the society I grew up in. I agree with their revulsion at such behavior. I will not help a leader who engages in such a practice." "We seem to be at a stumbling block, which the two of you and Frijjo are unlikely to bridge by compromise," Odin announced. "I must impose a solution. If I understand correctly, the Questers have killed attackers in battle, but have tried to avoid that necessity. Frijjo and her forces have used killing curses. The dispute pertains only to those of Frijjo's enemies, whom the Questers have been able to stun or capture alive. If the Questers didn't help Frijjo in her battles, these captives would still be free and may have won those battles for her enemies. I decree that their rules for treating prisoners be applied to those captured in the battle of the pyramid. Frijjo and I will plan their imprisonment. How many of them are there?" "Twenty-six," I told Odin. "They're dead," Frijjo admitted. "As we left Vanaheimer, I gave my captain the order to execute them as traitors." "What?!" Hermione shouted through Yggdrasil. "They were unconscious, and unidentified." "I can't change what is done," Odin declared. "I agree it is a disgraceful and cowardly action. My decree applies going forward, if the Questers should participate in Frijjo's fight. I agree that the Questers have ample reason to be upset. This is not the role Frijjo told me they would play. I think we must come to Britain, before the meeting of Hermione's committee." "We're not ready for that," I complained. "It is necessary." "My committee meets at 4:00 in the afternoon. Come at noon. Meet us in the pyramid of our Black Stone. We can talk before my committee meets. Perhaps we can reach an understanding. I'm willing to try." "That is what we must do. I trust Frijjo also agrees." She gave less than enthusiastic assent. Hermione was in the sitting room of her house. She said we would meet there. I must bring Neville and Harry; she would summon Viktor and Ron. Neville was easy to fetch, I was lying upon the floor of his office. I reached Harry right away and he said he would join us in five minutes. He did, but he wasn't alone. I wasn't pleased by his choice of traveling companion. "McGonagall! Why? I wanted a discussion with just the few of us, prior to tomorrow's meetings." "Professor McGonagall is my Deputy and she convinced me that we needed an older voice in our meeting, if we were to fully consider the situation and reach the best conclusion" "Mum, Hermione's or Neville's Mums. better choices, wouldn't you say? I saw this as a family and friends meeting." "I'm sorry I brought her without asking first. She would have been part of your Quest if she wasn't my Deputy and she has experience with Odin and Frijjo. Please be friendly to her. That will help me." Viktor finally arrived, giving McGonagall enough time to suspect I was complaining to Harry about her presence. "You wanted me on your Quest. I'm here to help. I won't try to take over your meeting." My focus upon McGonagall forced Hermione to lead the meeting. She set forth the main complaint: "I feel less Quester, more conscript into Frijjo's army. Frijjo fights nasty, killing prisoners. I can't be part of that. She also seems to have almost no support among the Vanir. She doesn't understand her old world. I asked her how many of the prisoners and dead from the pyramid battle were royals. She didn't know. She said she only recognised a quarter of the living royals, although she was collecting pictures of all the royals, so she could commit their faces to memory. She admitted not having met more than three dozen of the royals. They've deliberately kept away from her. They're in hiding. Her guard is small. Our Quest team remains on Vanaheimer only because Odin forced her to send eight of her guards to reinforce the depleted number inside the pyramid. She wants us to do her fighting for her and do it on her terms. Fixing magic is a distant second for her. "I took the purple diamond shards to Professor Spectra. He promised to tell me what he finds out before my committee meeting tomorrow. He wasn't super optimistic. He said most of the shards were burnt, but he'll try to find enough intact diamond to analyze. That reminds me, I don't think we told you that Arti, he seemed to be the royal in charge of the attack, had enough magic to do a wandless spell which was strong enough to cause the purple diamond to explode in Frijjo's hand. It practically took her hand off. He did this with his arms gooped to his sides - the Vanirs usually point their finger when they do strong magic. Also, and this is the big point, magic was still down when Arti did this. He must have had a physical connection to that diamond and used its stored magical energy to make it explode. Remember, Odin told us that we didn't do anything strong enough to cause his purple diamond in the circle of the pyramid between worlds to explode. This might be the same thing - a different magic than ours. I think it's a serious problem. Arti said his side has a secret purple diamond mind. Frijjo demanded its location. Then of course he killed himself - just like Lucius did, except there was active magic around Lucius for him to tap into for a wandless curse." "It doesn't require any magical force," McGonagall corrected Hermione, "an experienced Witch or Wizard has enough control over their own body to kill themselves, or deaden pain, or enter a deep, almost unconscious trance. I thought you knew that. Search your memories!" "I spoke to Cho," Viktor told us. "she's willing to stay and do some more magical engineering. She also doesn't want to fight to force Frijjo's rule upon the Vanir. She says it's not her battle. I agree. I do want all of you to stay on good terms with Odin at least long enough to learn more seid and to learn how to make or repair a White Column. We've lost the one at Azkaban and I suspect we really don't know much about the capability of the remaining one at the Durmstrang circle. I think it vital to our world's survival and independence to both learn more about seid and to find a way into seid space, which we can control without needing Odin's permission to enter seid-space. I also was thinking about Gna and how she spent so much time performing seid. Unless Odin or Yggdrasil was in league with her, she must have used an entrance to seid space from Vanaheimer. You need to find it. You need to study it enough to learn how to find an entrance from our world. I also don't think we truly understand how the dark Gods traveled to Vanaheimer. Cho said that none of you think there is a functioning transmitter on that world and their White Columns were destroyed and the Great Black Stone was certainly prohibited from transporting those Gods. There are so many secrets left on Vanaheimer. I don't want Cho fighting more battles. Keep that up and it won't be long before all of you are dead or the liquid luck has ruined your minds. That was an unmentioned problem with Minister Weasley forcing all of you back to Vanaheimer too quickly. You are all way to polluted with liquid luck. You are well past the danger point in terms of exposure. I don't know what to advise." Score points for Viktor. He was right. It was important that we return to Quest for at least a while. Perhaps the main object of the Quest was our increased knowledge and our world's increased magical power. We had discovered many ways in which our world could be damaged or even disappeared. We had learned to defeat some of those threats. Some were vanquished. Other threats were at least warned away. No, that wasn't true. They had simply learned that we were stronger than they expected and that they couldn't just destroy us with a standard invasion. We were very vulnerable to seid attack. If we could Quest on acceptable terms, then we had a duty to Quest - at least a little longer. I said as much to the group. "I very reluctantly agree," Hermione's eyes pleaded with Ron as she spoke these words. "I could die on Quest, but we all could be seided out of existence. That almost happened. Frijjo stopped a dark seid practitioner before we were involved. We stopped Gna just in time. We must negotiate very hard and draw red lines in stone. I'm afraid that to give up is to die. Perhaps that is how failed Questers die: someone goes into seid-space and writes them out of existence in a way in which they never did exist. I can't stand to face that. I especially couldn't stand for my failure to Quest to be the cause for the rest of you to be remotely disappeared. We are in a very scary place." "I also reluctantly agree," Harry told me. "As Minister, I must urge what is necessary to save our community. I also think the Questers are likelier to survive by Questing than by quitting. We need to find a way around the liquid luck problem. I will ask Doctor Wright." My brother added "if they don't fight, they won't need the luck. There is the possibility of ambush, but if they stay with Barb, she should be able to sense danger. We should insist that Bill also go with them. The more they travel about, the greater the danger, the greater the possibility of fighting. As I understand from Hermione, she has a big bottle of luck and everyone takes a sip from the communal bottle. Give everyone their own vial, to be used only right before a fight. You also won't pass all your germs around that way." "There's no problem with germs! I do a sanitising spell after each person drinks." "Don't you find all those extra spells a little debilitating? Don't look at me like that. You know my plan makes more sense. Does your ancient knowledge speak of any potions to rid your body of excess liquid luck?" "For emergency use only, and I carry a bottle of that potion with me. It can save one's mind, but it can so drain a person of luck that they become extremely unlucky - almost struck-by-lightning unlucky if you take too much of that potion. It's very dangerous." "You need to take some of the larger spiders with you to Vanaheimer," McGonagall demanded. "They would be good guards and a great surprise in a fight, especially if you use Weasley blackouts. You know that they can smell their prey at close range. They also might sense the location of an entrance to seid-space. Of course, Aagog could do that part for you." "Do we just demand that Frijjo lead us into seid-space from Vanaheimer?" "I think that would just put her on her guard against you and you'd be watched too closely to search for the entrance. Of course, she'll deny any knowledge of such an entrance. I predict she'll say that if such an entrance exists, it must be in the Village Vanir. Then she'll dare you to show enough courage to go searching with her in the village. Of course, that would cause a huge battle. I don't want you to risk that. I especially don't want you to risk that until it is safe for you to use the luck, again. I'm speaking as both your husband and the Minister of Magic. Neither parts of me want to see you take giant risks. Especially giant risks which are avoidable. "Please use Percy and Callista. My government has them on Vanaheimer for a reason. Negotiation is the major alternative to warfare. I know you want to handle negotiations, but that is Percy's job. At least allow him to help. If it is safe for Percy and Callista to travel here from Vanaheimer, I'd like them to be present for tomorrow's meetings. Yes, I'd also like them to attend your meeting with Frijjo and Odin. This is as much government business as it is Quest business. You should also expect that I will discuss this topic with Shacklebolt and Mrs. Longbottom, although I won't ask you to include them in your noon meeting." That was that. Harry was adamant. I didn't want to fight with Harry and I also knew that the Quest team needed our government's help. Harry would have to defend our actions to our own community and to Tony. I reluctantly agreed to Harry's proposal. The diplomacy was fine. Including Percy in the meeting with Frijjo and Odin was not. I would try to persuade Harry after we got home. That apparently would be right now. The meeting was already breaking up. A lot of details weren't worth considering until after the meeting with Frijjo and Odin. We had to eat, leaving really no time left before I wanted to be in bed with Harry. I tried to nudge Harry's position while we ate dessert. Nobody had time to cook, so dessert was elderly short breads and hot cocoa. They weren't bad. I told Harry that I really needed to speak to Odin and Frijjo with just Hermione, before Percy joined us. With Cho in charge of the team back on Vanaheimer, I felt Viktor also needed to join us when Percy did. "Fine, but I want Callista present also. After you negotiate the best deal you can, perhaps Percy and company can make it just a little bit better by asserting that your deal won't be acceptable to our government, or at least pin down details more firmly, in a way you may feel is too rude with Gods you work with." "Fine." I had been away. I would be away again within a day. Our mutual desire for sex, while we could get it, precluded argument. We were both tired enough that delay was not an option. Percy, Callista, Neville and Viktor joined the four of us for breakfast. We ate in our sitting room. Neville got us off to a pleasant if difficult start. "Mona and Bronwyn spent a few hours at home and returned to Hogwarts late last night. They say they want to continue Questing. They trust Ginny and Hermione and trust that actions will be taken to make the stay on Vanaheimer safer than they have been. They rushed back, because they were afraid you'd leave without them." "Which is exactly what I planned to do. I find their safety to be a very great responsibility, which takes up a lot of my thoughts and most of my nightmares." "Please think about it. They've considered the risks. They think their future depends upon this. I was shocked by how much they felt like discriminated against outsiders at Hogwarts. Things haven't been smooth, even within Gryffindor." Percy jumped into the quiet. It was instantly clear that he had closely studied the reports on Frijjo, her plans, her forces, and Vanir politics, which Hermione and I had written for him and for Harry. "It is scary that Frijjo feels too weak to insure the safety of three hard points within the City Vanir. The jail was built to be as easily defendable as the pyramid and Government House. I visited it. It's a little stone fortress. It would be very difficult to attack. It is a torturous narrow corridor passage between thick stone walls from the small entry room to any critical part of the building. I walked that path and I saw what must be hidden ports from which defenders can attack intruders. The building has an actual mote. The jail cells are in a sub-basement. If a prison break or an invasion to free them is serious, the contents of the moat can be drained into that level. There would be no possibility of escape, once two very thick doors, each with two redundant back-up doors, are sealed. Those doors are normally kept locked. If you saw that building, you would immediately realise how weak Frijjo is if she doesn't feel strong enough to make use of it." "That doesn't disagree with anything we know," Hermione told him. "Since we are not eager to augment Frijjo's army or to engage in future battles, that means we restrict ourselves to the pyramid and Government House for now. It also means we must focus upon encouraging Frijjo to negotiate a solution. As we told you, and as you already knew from your own contacts, Frijjo appears close to a détente with the Council. Unless she is forced to make concessions to some of the royals, which Council can't stomach, I think that part of the picture will fall into place." "Good. We come to the next problem. Frijjo plans to buy off the various small royal factions who lack any semblance of claim to the throne or even proximity to the throne. I understand she hopes they will settle for an allowance from the government. The problem is that takes money and apparently Frijjo has next to none. It is uncertain she can even keep her capital fed. That is a big problem. Could Odin be persuaded to gift her some gold or silver?" "Don't know. It's her job to make the ask, not ours. That will be an indicator of just how supportive Odin is. She told me she wanted to be Queen Frijjo to get the new government started and the economy well launched. Callista has researched Vanir history. Please tell them what you found, dear." "I talked to several members of Council, two history guys from the museum, and I checked a half dozen history books. Only two queens in all of Vanir history. As a rule, the Vanir are unaccepting of queens. They believe in male rule. It wasn't always a royal family. In ancient days, Gods ruled. One powerful Goddess is said to have bested the ruling God in battle, after he rather erratically mistreated the common Vanir. She was fully accepted and ruled for over a hundred years, before she died fighting invading Aesir. The lesser God who replaced her started the royal family, probably because his sons lacked Godly powers. Until Odin conquered the Vanir, rule was by royal males and that rule was absolute. Almost all truly important government posts were held by lesser royal males - almost never a female in a key position. Males ruled, likely copying the pattern of Gods ruling. If the king died, they would go first to male sons, but unlike our British friends, they will then go to first cousins, before they consider daughters of the late king. Also, unlike the British, there is no fixed formula for which son, or which male cousin is the successor. The dying king chooses, but if the king dies unexpectedly... One queen was accepted, when no sons or first cousins survived a long period of warfare. It was a two-decade civil war, over three thousands of our years ago. It was just before Frijjo was born. The Queen lasted three years. She was murdered and the father of the man Frijjo married became the new king. Likely he was the murderer. As queen, Frijjo's role would have been to bear and educate royal children - males to rule, females to be wifed out for political or financial gain to the king. Apart from that, her duties would be largely ceremonial. She started Quest after a semi-secret marriage, attended only by royals and a few key others, such as the Servers. She took the risk of Quest to raise her status and independence a bit. She birthed her son in secret and left on Quest a month later. After she left, the marriage and the heir became public. Two months later, which was close to three months into the Quest, the Quest failed, when Odin essentially kidnapped her. if the Quest had merely failed, without assignment of blame, and Odin had permitted Frijjo to return home, her position would have been weak. But, Odin blamed Frijjo for the Quest's failure, claiming she was determined to bed him, in violation of Quest rules. "Frijjo's brother, his name was Freyr - but not the one Ginny met, commanded the Vanir military. The marriage of Frijjo to Bronek had sealed the throne for Bronek and the military leadership for Freyr. They became joined at the hip, but Frijjo's humiliation upset things. Bronek renounced Frijjo and took up with a younger favorite at court - the histories imply that an existing affair became open. Freyr was in an awful position and decided his best hope was to invade Asgard, rescuing both Frijjo and Vanir honor. Either he was an awful general, the few remaining Aesir were far stronger than he imagined, or Bronek betrayed him. He lost, badly. Thousands of Vanir, including many royals were killed. Freyr survived with the remnants of his invasion force, but Odin and several dozen Aesir followed him back to Vanir. Using what the historical text described as 'unknown, most fearful weapons', the Aesir defeated and killed Freyr, then quickly pounced upon a mass of royals, killing them and King Bronek. Frijjo's child was hustled off to secure refuge. Odin never found him. From that point on, Odin controlled Vanaheimer. He established the Council. They were largely independent in their actions but could cause nothing to happen outside Vanaheimr. It was in the interest of just about everyone on Vanaheimr, particularly the Council, but also the male royals, that Frijjo's memory be tarnished, and so it was and with Odin's active support. It is no surprise that she has gained so little traction on her world." "That's interesting information, but what does it tell us that is at all useful. It says Frijjo isn't acceptable," Ron seemed annoyed that a long explanation ended thus. "It tells us more than that," Percy objected. "It says that it would be very easy to provoke a lethal scramble among the likely claimants to the throne. That might occur without any outside provocation. Arti had an iffy claim to the throne but stepped into the fray. Others will do the same. Frijjo can work with this. If our government wants her to rule, which I'm not saying we do, we could give a push here and a push there to whittle down the ranks of her foes. It says that we need to plot out the succession tree. Those with the best claims are likely the major players. If Frijjo is very wise and very lucky, one of close-to-the-top contenders will ally with her to gain an edge over his better positioned rivals. Despite her problems with Arti, I believe Frijjo must ally with a leading Melani contender, if she is to survive. I also think it is wishful thinking to believe that she can be a transition placeholder for more than a year. She's not trusted enough for that and is too unnatural a choice. Vanir monarchs have only left office by death or total incapacity. They have had their equivalent of regents, when the only son of the dead king was very young. That has rarely ended well." Frijjo and Odin showed up two hours early. We all hurried to the pyramid to meet them. We had no sooner taken our seats around a massive table Hermione and I had Apparated into the pyramid than Odin jumped right into the meeting, without pleasantries: "We have little time, so I ask everyone to state their position. Ginny and Hermione will go first." "I can't give you our final answer until Hermione's committee meets. Our recommendation will be that we are willing to continue the Quest and build the purple-diamond circle and White Columns in Government House, but we are not willing to fight in Frijjo's civil war. Depending upon how safe Vanaheimer becomes, we will decide later about building a circle in the village Vana. That is consistent with the Quest assignment which you and Yggdrasil gave us. If we return to Vanaheimr, likely we will take more aurors and spiders for our own protection. If Frijjo wants to be the ruler or a key advisor to the ruler or just an interim regent for a year, then she must sell that to the Vanir. We will not impose who rule by force. We are willing to assist in diplomatic negotiations among the factions. We can be facilitators and even mediators, but we will not be Frijjo's fighters. The Committee may not permit us to be that much." "No! Questers are required to serve the local Gods and Goddesses. I am the major local Goddess. Your mission was to serve my needs. I need to gain control of my world. I do not wish to be a tyrant, only to restore magic and order for my people." "You ask too much help and expose them to too much danger, for purposes which are not mine. In the end, their mission is what I say it is." Our meeting turned more contentious, with Frijjo demanding that Odin order us back to Vanaheimer, under pain of forfeiting our Quest and being seid-written out of existence. Her demeanor as much as her words screamed that she was losing it. The stress of trying to seize control of her world was proving too much for her. Odin looked at her with pity but refused her request. "No, Quest is not a civil war. Ginny and Hermione have behaved well. I will not permit you to write their deaths. If they are to help you, then you must agree a plan that is acceptable to them. You must fight your own war. This is just one more reason why I won't allow you to return to seid-space. You are a Goddess and you are on Vanaheimer, but it seems your people do not accept you as their Goddess. You can't alter that by civil war. You must win the support of your people, just as you must win the support of these Questers. By law, they may withdraw from the Quest without penalty. This is an extension of their Durmstrang stop, forced by multiple emergencies. They never heard the formal speech of renunciation and never formally vowed their acceptance of the second half of Quest. They are under my protection. You remain bound by the requirement not to harm my Questers. Is that clear?" Frijjo's expression said this was all too clear to her, as she softly replied "yes." "You need purple-diamond circles and the Questers have agreed to build one immediately. They greatly improved the circle inside your pyramid. Aren't those actions a big help to you and your people? Isn't that what you requested me to ask the Questers to do for you?" "Yes. I admit that helps. It just doesn't help enough. I must first secure the capital and then secure the Village Vana. I am the Goddess at this stage of the Quest. They owe me their support to accomplish these very vital goals. My people are at risk of being ruled by charlatan royals who demand absolute royal authority. They aren't even the rightful royal rulers. I trusted Arti and he betrayed me. Now it appears that I also cannot trust Ginny and Hermione." "We will never accept you as a superior being to ourselves. We will never believe we owe you servitude. You are not our Goddess. Even your own people seem not to accept you as their Goddess. We've researched your people's history. There was only one female royal ruler in your history, and she was murdered almost at once. You are not considered a legitimate royal ruler. You can't raise your own army, so you demand that we fight for you. It's not our civil war. We won't do it. If Quest demands that, then we won't Quest." Frijjo stared at me in anger. "Who would you have rule the Vanir. They haven't had their independence in millennia. They must be eased into it, lest charlatans take power and do great harm to Vanaheimr and all of Odin's worlds. You heard Arti. Do you think better Arti than me? He would surely attack Terra, once he secured Vanaheimer. He was not at all better than Gna, Freyr, and Miomor." "Yet Miomor is the only one of the four you didn't support. You have threatened to invade our world. You have threatened more than once to kill us. You would do so in revenge for Freyr, whom you now say was very bad. The truth is you hardly understand your world any better than we do. You are a stranger to it. Listen to yourself: even now you refer to the Vanir as 'they', not 'we'. You think of yourself as an Aesir Goddess, not as a fellow Vanir to your people. You think of us not even that well and certainly not as allies. You see us as your very great inferiors, whom you can command to do your bidding. Well, you can't. We will not work with you on those terms." "You are too ignorant to even realise how much you don't understand. You came to Odin and me with no knowledge that seid even existed. You certainly had zero capability to perform seid. You didn't know that Yggdrasil existed, that Odin and I are real, that there were inhabited worlds other than your own." "Our introduction was to Vili and you. Vili only impersonated Odin. And yes, we had travelled to other worlds. Not worlds with humans, but worlds with Unicorns, Elves, and Goblins. We were already learning rapidly. We are not going to get along unless you are willing to treat us as equals. You have never been our Goddess. We have learned enough to know that you've used the technology of the ancient Aesir to live very long and learn very much, but you started life as no better than us." "I was a royal. I was to be queen of my people." "Married to a very old king, consigned to child-bearing and ceremonial tasks, and to have died millennia ago. As queen, you would have had no power. You have no real power now. We have helped you. You would have lost both battles if we hadn't done most of the fighting. You would lie dead now. If we hadn't poured magical energy into you and attended to your wounds you would have died without ever regaining consciousness. We have been most loyal to you. If we wanted you dead, you would be dead. We didn't need to take any action to kill you, merely step aside and let your 'fellow' Vanir do the deed. You turned us into your assistant war criminals. You murdered prisoners whom we had stunned. You are far too blood-thirsty for our taste. How can we trust you? We were supposed to have an easy, pleasant Quest stop after defeating the rulers of Hel for Odin. Instead, we've had battle after battle on your world. It now seems pointless. And to answer your question, we would have an elected Council rule Vanaheimr." "Yes, you have been a great help. Yes, I truly am grateful for your help. But yes, if you abandon me this all comes crashing down and we all get a Vanaheimer not at all to our liking. You do help your own world by helping me. I thought Odin explained that to you. That's why you were sent here to serve, let's agree to say... help me. Odin thinks it important that I guide my people to a peaceful, magical future. I do not seek to rule for my own benefit. I will accept whatever position works for my people and allows me to guide them toward a bright future. I am not a tyrant in the making. I admit, I was wrong about Gna, Freyr, and Miomor. You were right about them. I bear you no ill over their deaths. I've said that before. I took back my threats against you. Odin will attest to that. I am now fully cooperating with you." "You are keeping vital secrets." "Such as?" "The size of your forces, the size of the opposing forces, the fact and location of your world's entrance into seid space, which presents an extreme vulnerability." "There is no entrance to seid-space from Vanaheimer, only from Asgard." "You know that can't be true. Neither Odin nor Yggdrasil would have allowed Gna to repeatedly enter seid-space from Asgard." "I certainly would have denied her entry. I also never taught her seid. Yggdrasil would do no such thing. The dark Gods must have taught her. I assumed they had their own route into seid space. They were on Vanaheimer, but they must have come from elsewhere. Yggdrasil says that Vanaheimer's Great Black Stone denies allowing them entry to its world. Yggdrasil believes it, so I also must believe. There may well be an entry port to seid-space from Vanaheimer. I've spent a fair amount of time there and never encountered it. As you know, I destroyed the White Columns, thinking that confined the Vanir to their own world, where they couldn't carry out their schemes against the rest of us." "That's unfair," Frijjo complained. "Most Vanir only care about restoring magic and prosperity to our own world. Freyr, Miomor, and Gna had allies and plans which I and, I'm sure, virtually no other Vanir, knew anything about. We don't know that Arti wanted anything beyond ruling Vanaheimer." "Maybe so. To an old Aesir the numbers of you Vanir is quite frightening, when coupled with the drive for conquest we just saw in your fellows. I don't wish to raise the level of enmity. We must work together. You must treat the Questers as equals. I see all of you as my rightful successors. We must find a way for the Questers to help the Vanir, without fighting and killing those who oppose you. You must find a peaceful way to guide your people. Only you can gain the acceptance and support of your people. If I intervene, that just makes you more foreign. Your people have no experience or love for the Questers. There is no way they can set you up to rule your people. I returned you to your world to help your people, not to kill them and force them to accept your rule. You may be right that you know better than they, but that means nothing if they don't believe that. "You know I tread lightly on Asgard, despite being more powerful than you and having far fewer to rule The Aesir must know that I accept their fundamental rights and protect what is most dear to them. Without that, I am nothing. You must win the support of your people. You do that by being trust-worthy and by providing peace and improving their lives. The Questers were sent to help you improve the lives of your people. You told me that restoring magic was the most important thing for the Vanir. The Questers are willing to do that, but no more. "That must be the objective of this afternoon's meeting. I think Ginny and Hermione have tried to tell you what the limits of acceptability are to their people. This afternoon, you must listen before you argue and demand. Ginny's people are as proud as you are. Your approach has failed you. Too many of your people have played you for the fool - a very powerful fool, but a fool, nonetheless. Don't be upset. I know Ve and Vili did the same to me. We are the better fighters, but trickery nearly beat us. Now Ginny and Hermione think that you have tricked and manipulated them. You must fix that."
Chapter 7 – To Quest Or Not To Quest "The purpose of this meeting is to consider whether or not, and on what terms, our Quest team will continue to Quest on Vanaheimer, or anywhere," Hermione announced immediately after calling the meeting together. "Each government must agree to allow the Quester or Questers from its community to continue and to impose whatever limits it feels appropriate to that participation. Odin wishes to frame the situation." "The worlds of my domain, perhaps I should say of my former domain, are very closely linked, both by the presence of descendants of the ancient Aesir and because of the Black Stones and White Columns linking them to Yggdrasil and permitting travel among these worlds. A bad, aggressive government on one of these worlds is a threat to all of them. Invasions can and have happened. Vanaheimer was recently taken over by those allied with dark Gods. They plotted to change the histories of all of us by tampering with past and future history through edits in seid-space. These edits would have meant that some of you here, including myself, never existed. Our places would have been taken by evil beings. "Your Questers played the key role in preventing this from happening. They have given all of us a second chance. Removing the dark Gods and their evil allies from the Vanir government left Vanaheimer in chaos, impoverished, and with magic still diminished. I sent this Quest team to restore and perfect magic, thinking the political situation was in far better shape than it was. Some of Frijjo's key allies were enemies, seeking to install themselves as absolute royal rulers, I don't know to what end, but believe they intended to conquer at least my world and make themselves strong enough to attack yours, by stealing our secrets and wealth. I implore you to continue the Quest for all our sakes. We will structure the continuation of the Quest in a way which does not turn the Questers into virtually Frijjo's army or ask the Questers to help impose a government upon the Vanir. They will be asked only to restore magic, consult, advise, and negotiate. For Frijjo, or for whomever the Vanir choose. I know this is not your people's civil war and that you do not wish your daughters to fight in it. I agree." "Frijjo also wishes to speak, before the committee begins its discussion. Like Odin, she has agreed to answer any questions you have." "I come seeking help. I do so honestly. I did not lie to Ginny, Hermione, or Odin about my status among my people. I believed my position was stronger than I later found it to be. I was more shocked by Arti's betrayal than anyone. I admit it was a near fatal blow to my plans and that it would have been fatal to me, without their help. I know that I offended their ethics by killing the prisoners whom they captured. I felt I had no choice. It was kill them or release them – I lacked the ability to imprison them for more than a day. That is an admission of how weak my position has become." I thought she would say more, but she sat down. Tony spoke next. "The Quest has already caused serious problems for our communities. The only acceptable reason for Questing is to improve our safety and prosperity going forward. I am very worried by the threat posed by bad actors controlling seid space. I have been informed that the Questers believe there is an entry to seid space on Vanaheimer and that is how Gna and the dark Gods were able to travel there and try to destroy us through seid. That must not be allowed to happen. There are a few ways to prevent this. The most direct is to sever the links between our world and the others, but this limits what our communities might potentially gain through the exchange of knowledge with others and doesn't prevent a seid attack, although it removes any motive beyond simple revenge and mayhem. The second approach is a severe affront to our morality: eliminate Vanaheimer. That is a last-ditch action. It also could inspire a revenge attack in seid space. The third approach is for the Questers to help right conditions on Vanaheimer, while enough of our people learn enough seid to provide for a mutually assured destruction stand-off to prevent any seid attack. This requires that we control an entry to seid-space. Those may be extreme options, but we have a duty to protect our peoples. Unless anyone has a better alternative, we must choose among those options." There was shocked silence. "Was that a threat?" Frijjo finally exclaimed. "My people will not be bullied." "You've threatened to invade us more than once. Your former pal Gna did invade us with demons. The Aesir also invaded us. We are not your playground. We will ensure our safety. I assure you that we have the means to do so. You are the biggest threat, at present. Your total disdain for us as inferiors and your belief that you have a right to treat us however you choose, make you very dangerous. You also seem emotionally unstable." "That is most unfair. I have come in peace to seek your help." "I'm not a fool. I have reports on every word you have uttered to the Questers, on every instance in which you have tricked and manipulated, on every instance discovered where Gna tried to destroy us. You supported Gna and Freyr. They both conspired to harm us. You come in peace with the open, smiley face today, because you are desperate for help, but what will your attitude be after you succeed in taking control of a Vanaheimer with greatly improved magic? Will we see the old, domineering, duplicitous Frijjo again? How can we trust you? You have no morals." "The Quest has caused a lot of problems and turmoil in our community," Harry complained. "Frijjo is not one my government is eager to help. Her attitude of great superiority and "Adrienne doesn't matter" are very grating. All the members of our community matter. Justice matters. We don't slaughter prisoners. We've been through the Voldemort period of a government imposed by force and violence, which harmed many of our most vulnerable citizens. I'm afraid we are helping Frijjo to do that to her people. She has given us no reason to trust her. I don't want my wife or any member of my community risking death to support Frijjo. I don't see the benefit. When our government initially supported the Quest, we had not even a hint that it would occur mostly on other worlds. Families are split, because of the females-only rule and then a Quester is drugged and impregnated, and Frijjo thinks that's just us doing our necessary service to Gods. She and Odin did not oppose a revenge attack for killing in self-defense a nasty werewolf who preyed upon children. We didn't even have any way of knowing that he wasn't native to our world, but no, we had committed the inexcusable sin of killing an Aesir, who was a mass murderer. Why should we put our lives on the line to protect such privilege? I can't condone it. Ginny and Hermione have learned a lot, but thus far very little which can translate to helping our community. Seid could be important, but we have no independent access to seid-space, so what's the point?" A very worried King Gobbledygook stammered "Quest is important. Quest is sacred to Goblins. My government supports Quest. You send more Questers, so losses bigger. I will send more female Goblins if this will help." "I'm willing to send more Elves," Cotto promised, "but conditions must be right. I'm not as happy with the Quest as King Gobbledygook. It must make more sense. Much treachery has happened. I fear I hurt those who trusted me." "Perhaps we should have a Goblin Quest to Vanaheimer," Odin sounded upset, his expression suggested he was deliberately goading me. "No! The prophecy is clear: this Quest must be led by the Mother and her Muse. All the peoples who think from this world must participate. If the Witches don't lead the Quest, my Goblins will not participate. I did not mean to confuse you." "I am willing to Quest to repair magic," I told Odin, "but I have problems. I would have handled the Quest differently if I knew how dangerous Vanaheimer is and how weak Frijjo's position is. I certainly would not have brought Hogwarts students. I am missing basic facts. We were rushed to move to fast. I won't do that again. I must understand what I am getting my team into. It must benefit our world. I don't buy that Frijjo overseeing her world makes my world safer. Only one Vanir who still lives has threatened to invade this world. That Vanir is Frijjo. I think the greatest threat to my world lies in seid-space. I think that is the first place we need to go. I am certain there is an entry point to seid-space on Vanaheimer. That is a great threat. I can't just take my world's resources to work, and probably fight, on Vanaheimer, when my world is in danger. Only one person whom I know to have access to seid-space threatened to erase us from history. As you know, since you were there, that person also was Frijjo. I feel guilty helping Frijjo, while she threatens everyone I love and openly regards all of us as inferiors who must be subservient to her. It seems very wrong. I understand that Arti betrayed Frijjo, but I am worried that those who last invaded the pyramid had rings which had the power to open the pyramid entrance. Why?" "Thank you for pointing out the obvious: I have other traitors on top of Arti. I admit I am feeling my way as I try to establish myself on my home world. I was a prisoner for thousands of your years. My liberation can also be my people's liberation from control by the Aesir. I believe that I must take the lead, because I am the only Vanir with an understanding of all of Odin's worlds and a solid understanding of seid. I know forgotten magicks, which I can share with my people. The re-establishment of a thriving, magical people on Vanaheimer will benefit all of us. Moreover, it is the moral thing to do. I have told you what I thought you needed to know to work on our circles. It made no sense to try to educate you on our culture and politics. Besides, you have your own ambassadors to do that. I have talked to Percy..." "It's not true that you have been a prisoner for thousands of years. You essentially co-ruled Asgard with Ve and then with Vili, while Odin wandered. Odin wandered a lot. You spent time alone in seid space. We have seen how easy it is to exit seid space to another world. You could easily have escaped at any time. For some reason, you chose not to." "I stayed to be my people's voice before Odin. I have worked ceaselessly to free my people. The Vanir give me no credit for this, but it has been by constant work." A Stone message flashed into my mind from Hermione. I know how to enter seid space from our world. At least I know how to set up the conditions to do so after a seid lesson. I'm certain Frijjo knows this far better than I. Odin taught us how to find and remount the ribbon of time at the point where we left it. I don't know how long that route stays open, but we must find out. "... discuss what my wife and my government is willing to do to assist Vanaheimer in general and Frijjo in particular. We also should discuss what we expect in return and what conditions we require on Vanaheimer for the safety of our Questers. I think we must negotiate specific protections and not be limited by Quest rules. I am willing to support a return to Vanaheimer if all of that can be worked out. I will ask my wife to lead her team back home at the first instance of Frijjo's prior talk of us as inferiors with a duty to assist her, or team members as not counting or being expendable, or threats against our world. Frijjo must behave in word and in deed. Of course, she must honor whatever agreement we reach." "Of course," Odin declared. "When I said that Ginny, Hermione, Frijjo and both of your peoples are to be the successors to me and my fellow Aesir, that was the same thing as saying you must be equals from this point onward. My time is coming to an end as a corporeal being, but the worlds of my domain must not disappear with me. You both must help the Venera, who are also having problems, but that is a discussion for another time. So, yes, you must negotiate. I must intrude on negotiations to keep all moving forward cooperatively. You may certainly have time. I and Frijjo can certainly teach you more seid, before your Questers and whomever else you feel you must send, return to Vanaheimer. I'm sure Frijjo agrees with this approach." Of course, Frijjo declared that she did. It was hardly a freely given agreement. Despite that, the negotiations progressed with surprising ease. Frijjo told us that she had three minor Goddesses, and roughly a hundred magical and two hundred nonmagical fighters, whom she fully trusted. She also had ninety loyal government officials and one Councilwoman, whom she thought supported her. Among the royals, she thought a handful were close to pledging their support. That wasn't a lot in a city of a million and a world of double that size. It again struck me as strange how low the populations of Vanaheimer and Asgard were. Frijjo obviously hedged when asked about Vanir magic, weapons, and fighting styles with which we might not yet be familiar. Hermione pressed her, saying it was important, given how much fighting we had been forced into on Vanaheimer. This knowledge would improve everyone's safety. "You know all of the basics. If you're not interested in fighting on our behalf, I'm not inclined to share our secrets. That makes my people less safe." "That isn't helpful!" Odin criticised. "They are either allies or they aren't. I welcome their magical engineering assistance but see no benefit in sharing secrets with them. Alright, if you must know, you should be aware that assassination with poison is not uncommon, especially among our royals." "That would certainly have been useful to know in advance," Harry complained. I sent a Stone message to Cho telling her that our fighting strategies, weapons, and magic must be kept secret from the Vanir, which is what Frijjo was doing to us. All our weapons, critical supplies, and especially diamonds and other crystals must travel with them to Asgard and be guarded. And they must constantly check for poison. Not a great way to start a 'cooperative alliance', but that was reality. We agreed that my team would spend two weeks on Asgard, learning more seid and beginning our education on building white columns. Then a week back home. then back to Vanaheimer for three weeks of work at Government House. Frijjo would send more fighters to the pyramid almost immediately and the Questers would immediately depart for Asgard. All of us would receive education and pampering. In addition to building a purple-diamond circle at Government House and beginning the rebuilding of the White Columns, the truth-tellers on our team would assist Frijjo in determining if proposed allies were truly allies, and if those she was negotiating with would honor their agreements. Percy and Callista would facilitate negotiations with Council and the various groups of royals. Juvenile and two adult spiders would patrol the pyramid. They could hunt in the dark by smell and fight in the absence of magic. They would be divided into teams, with one team receiving seid training while the other team was on guard and then swapping jobs. Frijjo mentioned that "Hermione's truth serum would aid in screening possible allies. It is a sensible addition to an over-reliance upon truth-tellers." "No!" Hermione's strong rejection shocked the entire group. "That is one of our more useful secrets. If you aren't sharing secrets, then neither should we." "The area in Government House where the circle and White Columns will be built should have the same spider guards as the pyramid. Those are the two likeliest spots, apart from Village Vana, for an entry to seid-space. The spiders can search for that entrance." "No!" Frijjo's objection was as vehement as Hermione's objection had been. "I won't be able to feel safe working around the spiders." "Better you feel a little unsafe, than that we feel very unsafe on your world," Hermione answered her. "You say we must trust you. That trusting goes in both directions." "Play nicely," Odin demanded. The spider guards seem a reasonable precaution, since Frijjo's faction has proven incapable of keeping the Questers safe." It was obvious that Frijjo's agreement to this was beyond grudging. She knew she had no other choice. Perhaps in response to Frijjo's great unhappiness, Odin agreed to give Frijjo a ton of gold and five tons of silver to improve the economy of the City Vanir and to purchase food. There was no doubt this would greatly improve her position. Nobody had ever so much as hinted to us that the Vanir were immune to bribes.
Chapter 8 - The Committee Decides Some members of the Committee wanted to talk about the Hogwarts students and others who might come with us on the Vanaheimer leg of our Quest. McGonagall worried that the students' parents would object and blame Hogwarts for allowing their daughters to participate in such dangerous activities. I explained that I intended to do my best to make our return to Vanaheimer far safer than the prior two visits. I also stressed that both Mona and Bronwyn had discussed the matter with their parents and had received parental permission to join us. Mona's parents were aware of the injury their daughter sustained and felt that their daughter would learn enough to justify the risk. I told McGonagall "the parents clearly don't view Hogwarts as all that safe or welcoming. Their daughters felt much better treated and appreciated on Quest. Here are the notes they sent." "I admit Hogwarts must do far better in stopping the hazing of the Muggle-born and non-English students. I have tried. Dumbledore tried. I know that Neville has tried very hard. Some things are just very difficult to change. I feel that we have moved past the days when students were a risk of lethal attack at Hogwarts. Hogwarts gets few students from Wales. I can't remember a Lebanese student. At least they are in Gryffindor. I shall make a point of visiting the Gryffindor common room and reminding the Gryffindors that they are each stronger when they stand together and defend their fellows." "I've already had that talk," Neville told her. "The students' response was very positive. I also expelled a Slytherin who assaulted Mona and sent the other Slytherin who set Bronwyn afire to my mother. Mother says she will prosecute. I believe that sent a most needed message. I've spoken to both girls. They each enjoy Questing. They also think it will lead to greater opportunities after they graduate. I agree with them. Ginny should take them with her." Hermione lost control of the meeting for a minute, as McGonagall harrumphed, declaring that a recommendation likely to harm Hogwarts. Meanwhile Tony asked to see the letters. I handed them too him. He stared at them intently, declaring: "I don't think the girls wrote the letters themselves, so I think you should respect the parents' decision to allow their daughters to Quest." That opinion carried the day. Adding Bill was next up. Some, especially King Gobbledygook, felt that adding a male was not in strict accord with how a Quest should be run. Odin answered that this hadn't been quite a normal Quest and he would permit Bill. The King volunteered his wife and two other Goblin females in their mid-twenties, whom he described as graduates of Torva's physical training class. "(That's her equivalent of Harry's Dumbledore's Army training, but with a greater emphasis on sword fighting)," the King whispered so softly in my ear that I had to Stone-speak the words for Hermione, who was seated right next to me. The King's offer was accepted. As I was still thinking about this, I noticed Cotto had led Odin away from the meeting table for a whispered exchange. As the discussion ended, Cotto saw me staring at him and gave me a two-handed thumbs up sign. I took this to mean that he was sending additional Elves with us, but that Frijjo wasn't to know about this. What could possibly go wrong? What could go wrong was apparently the spiders. Frijjo apparently was strongly opposed to spiders in Government House and wanted to re-litigate our prior decision. She directed her concerns at Tony. "Both my people and the Aesir are in mortal fear of the Acromantula. We fought bloody battles to remove them from our land. They once excluded the Vanir from seid-space. I fear they will do so again. I can stand the Aagog-sized spiders, but the adults chill me to the bone. I couldn't work with them hovering around me. My hands would be unsteady, and accidents would be unavoidable. I am trying to win the hearts of my people. If I bring an adult Acromantula to Government House, I am finished. I will be pariah, traitor, friend of the monsters. So will Ginny. I accept the presence of the spiders to help guard the pyramid. Few Vanir go there, and the Servers don't seem to mind their presence. Can't we just leave it at that - just Aagog and perhaps one equally small spider at Government House?" I could tell from the front four limbs beating a staccato rhythm on the stone floor that Aagog's father, Agog, leader of the Aragog clan, was upset by what he was hearing. I kept waiting for him to speak, but he did not. His wife, Aragag, placed one leg on his back. This seemed to calm him. At least the drumbeat ceased and everyone at the table visibly calmed. Aragag told us "that will be acceptable. We will pick a younger sister to send with Aagog." This was acceptable and an obviously relieved Frijjo apologised to Agog "I'm sorry, I know it's silly, but my political position is so precarious - I can't risk offending any... of my people. Clearly Frijjo did not fear the Aagog-sized spiders. Agog just nodded in response. Firenze was talking about using Centaurs trancing in the Sacred Cavern and linked through him to his whale pod to create what he called a predictive engine to give an advance warning of hazards, which my Quest team might encounter on Vanaheimer. Just an hour's advance warning, communicated to me through our Stone, could allow us to convert an opponent's intended trap of us into our trap of them. This sounded promising, but Firenze quickly switched into a mathematical analysis of how this could work. It was way beyond me. I took the opportunity to wonder over to the refreshment table for some tea and scones. All the controversy had left me in need of... something other than Firenze's math. As I approached the table, the smell of coffee changed selection to coffee and shortbread. As I was single-mindedly loading my plate, I felt a hand upon my left shoulder. It was Tony. "Please accept what I am about to propose to the Committee. I want to add two more soldiers to the team. Also, since we are back to including males, I'd like to reinstate Professor Sturluson to your team. I know he was initially added as an Odin expert, but his training really prepares him to study any society and to glean hints about future actions from their myths and recorded history. This idea came to me as I listened to your Professor Firenze. You do need another library researcher and general interviewer to assist Callista." The hand left my shoulder and Tony moved on to getting his own coffee. I returned to my seat in time to approve Firenze's project. I trusted Firenze and recognised that he had a very strong need to help. I had no idea whether his plan could possibly work - prophesy at such a great distance was... it was something I had never even a hint about. I supported Tony's proposal. That was the last suggested tweak to my team. We finally turned to the question of voting whether to approve the return to Vanaheimer. I was pleased that Harry insisted upon an explicit amendment that I was authorised by all to end the Quest at any time, either if it appeared pointless or if security could not be maintained. This was both leverage over Frijjo and cover with the Goblins and Centaurs should I feed a need to abandon either this Quest stop or the entire Quest. The amendment and the approval to Quest were approved by all, but I sensed a lot of reluctance from King Gobbledygook and Firenze on Harry's amendment. I told Odin that we would join him and the rest of my team on Asgard late tomorrow. Harry corrected me: "It will have to be late day after tomorrow. We have a couple of serious government problems for which I require Hermione's and my wife's truth-telling skills and judgment. I hope you can understand. This involves two of the greatest threats our community has faced since the death of Voldemort. I suppose it is also going to take an extra day to round up and organize the expanded group of Questers." Odin understood. Frijjo did not want to understand, but what could she do? I didn't understand and that worried me. I was especially worried that nobody had said a word to us about what was happening here in Britain.
Chapter 9 – What Was So Bad That Harry Had To Wait To Tell Me "You have me really worried, Harry. What's so bad that you had to wait to tell me? We promised to tell each other everything, no matter how bad, while I was away. I told you about the attack on the pyramid." "I know. Your dad made me promise that…" "My Dad is no longer Minister, you are, so that excuse is gone. You need to be honest with me. What happened? We agreed that complete honesty was the approach which would make our separation more manageable for both of us. We've both seen how trying to protect my mother from his problems and worries cost my father his most effective advisor, led to Prudence, and almost ended his marriage. I don't want that to happen to us. My mother was never the poor, scared, traditional, little homemaker my father viewed her as. She is stronger than he is. She was in the Order. She killed Bella. They began their relationship as fellow fighters in the first Voldemort War. My father made a very serious mistake in being overly protective. It wasn't protective, it was demeaning. It hurt Mum not knowing the exact problems Dad was having as Minister. She would have been a far better confidante and advisor than Prudence. Prudence is smart, but she is naïve, and she isn't a fighter. I'm a fighter. I've killed. We've fought together. I'm leading a Quest. I've got as big a target on my back as you do. I know that I can be one of your best advisors. My Dad shoved me aside, even on Quest matters. I won't have you do the same." Harry looked really worried as he babbled "I'm sorry... so sorry. I know... what we agreed. You've held up your end. Your father... well, you know how your Dad is... I guess I am in the habit of catering to his... whims err views. I am sorry. I promise to do better. This is so hard. Your Dad was so obviously hurting... he was afraid he'd cause your death with the Prudence business... he does really know how awful a job Prudence did, he feels... guilty. Well, he is guilty, but he thinks he is doing his best to do right by everyone he owes a debt... he was floundering, I feared for his mental health - didn't want to cause him to worry more about... your safety. I was wrong. I WILL do better. You should be able to trust me; you can trust me. Of course, you can." "Okay, Harry, I believe you will be better in future and I'll just drop it. Know that I am determined that we handle your term as Minister a lot better than my parents did. It's best for you to just tell me what happened while I was away. "The really bad part is that the Death Eaters attacked the new school in Wales. We never should have had a Muggle-born-only school. It was far too inviting a target. More of the older students should be at Hogwarts, at least all the younger new arrivals should have been sent there. Everything has happened so fast. I've mentioned this to McGonagall. She agrees about the younger new arrivals but disagrees on the older students. Anyhow, this happened because..." "Let's get Ron and Hermione here and do this once, with all our input. I also want Neville." Harry gave a contrite nod, so I summoned the others. "What else?" "Roger is flying back to England as we speak. He will report to Special Branch tomorrow morning, at least he will if he follows the agreed plan. I want to have all my truth-tellers present for that. I'm also guessing you know some Confunding tricks which my aurors don't know." "Do I need to fetch Cissy." "No, we should be fine without her and I really don't want her to know too much about this. She tends to blurt things she shouldn't. There's more. Narcissa finally showed up. She made a little speech at the Ministry lobby, saying that she had tried to rejoin the Quest, but found your camp on Asgard was abandoned. She has declared that you obviously abandoned your Quest and so she is free to start her own and expects the full support of my government, which I most certainly don't intend to give her." Everyone was now present, so Harry, Ron, and Neville took turns telling us about the attack on the Wales school. A dozen Death Eaters had attacked. They had two Giants and a Dementor with them, plus a handful of demons. They were repulsed, but there were casualties and the school was burned. An existing building had been adapted for the school and it was more wood than stone, meaning not only that it could be burned, but that it couldn't support nearly the level of magical protections that a stone building could. The defenders had fought bravely. They had used the 'Kill!' curse, both singly and paired up. Six Death Eaters, a Giant, and all the Demons were killed. Fifteen students, two aurors, two kitchen Elves, and two professors were also dead. More, including Prudence, were injured. It was a giant mess. If aurors had not arrived to reinforce the school, more friendlies would have been burned alive. The aurors captured four Death Eaters and a Giant. They are in three Gringotts vaults at present. McGonagall was not demanding that they be released from this cruel imprisonment and Neville's Mum planned a quick trial. She had all the evidence she would ever have, not expecting the captives to reveal the organiser of the attack. Harry wanted to know if it might be possible for us to travel to seid-space to learn more about the instigation and planning for this attack. It had been very well coordinated. The floo network had gone down. There had been a major incident in Sheffield, requiring many aurors to intervene to capture a phoney-Muggle-performer of wild magic and to obliviate over a hundred Muggles. Tony was very upset. Worse, one of the friends-from-across-the-pond had witnessed the whole affair. He had, of course, been obliviated, but who could be certain that the friends wouldn't be able to determine that his mind had been tampered with. At least the aurors had sent him to St. Mungo's and very great care had been taken during the obliviation. He had been out of contact with his superiors longer than might have been planned. A cover story had been implanted. Harry hoped the guy wouldn't be observed as somewhat odd by his fellow friends. At precisely the same time, the Slytherins had attacked and set afire three Muggle-born Gryffindor first years. Four Slytherin fourth year boys were involved in that attack. Neville and his staff, with help from Margaret and the twins had broken up that attack, but Neville had promptly reported the attack to his mother. Mrs. Longbottom had decided to send two aurors to transport the prisoners. Then, at the time of peak chaos, the school in Wales had been attacked. That is why the auror response had been slower than ideal. It wasn't the aurors fault. Nobody expected the opposition to mount such a deadly coordinated attack. This was a higher level of capability than they had displayed at any time since the death of Voldemort. It was frightening. Harry and Ron hadn't gotten it straight in their own minds, which is one reason they hadn't told us before now. To go from Eva Duerr to this, in such a short time… it both confused and frightened them. Of course, the Daily Prophet blames our government. They also blame your Quest, claiming that the actions you took to vastly increase the number of magical Muggles – yes, they've stopped bothering to say Muggle-born, have left proper, right-thinking, traditional Witches and Wizards no choice but to fight to preserve their way of life. They say that we may have won two elections, but that doesn't give us the right to turn Wizard society into something which would have been utterly unrecognizable to those living just three years ago. I'd like your help as truth-tellers in the interviewing of the prisoners. Spiked Veritaserum is perfectly fine by Mrs. Longbottom. She says that the rules of war apply to this attack. "Oh," Ron hastened to add, "you also should know that two of the attackers were opposition members of the Wizengamot. One is dead and the other is in Gringotts, following an overnight stay at St. Mungo's." "These were stories which you needed to hear in person, not when you were fighting for your lives," Harry excused his lapse. I sort-of bought his defence. "What else has happened since we were gone?" Hermione asked. "I expect more trouble from the Slytherins," Neville replied. "I will continue to react promptly and strongly to their attacks upon other students. I expect continued complaints from McGonagall, Slughorn, and the Daily Prophet that I am destroying the character of my school. I will continue to ignore them. I believe that the problems will slacken as my mother jails the worst offenders. There obviously was a conspiracy between those who attacked the Welsh school and those Hogwarts students who set the little Gryffindors afire. I don't believe in that much coincidence. Half of the Welsh students are coming to Hogwarts, starting tomorrow. The castle has already expanded itself. We have found a replacement building to house the remaining students from the Wales school. It is in northern England and it is stone. We have started installing the magical barriers. If you were staying longer, I'd ask you to help. Oh, and I'm to be married in a month. Both of you are invited, of course. In fact, I'm hoping that the two of you will officiate." "Congratulations, how did that happen so quickly. You seemed to be poking along ever so slowly... well, at least compared to Harry and me." "Ostara had a late night of academic activities at Hogwarts and spent the night in Gryffindor. Her father convinced himself that I had probably gotten his daughter pregnant. Ostara had expected a lot of convincing to be required to gain her father's approval for us to marry. She was so pessimistic of receiving her father's approval that she was debating going ahead without him. She had talked to her mum about it. She had considered breaking up with me. Then, I find myself being verbally accosted by her father and accused of ruining his daughter's reputation. He demands that we marry within six weeks. I was so happy. We announced our engagement immediately, before he could change his mind." "That's great. I just don't understand why he doesn't like you." "I'm not a farmer; I didn't grow up in his church; I attended Hogwarts; I'm Headmaster of Hogwarts; my mother is in the government; I have killed; you name it. The good news is that I think I finally have Ostara. The rest isn't important." We drank some sherry, we commiserated about our responsibilities and worries. We assured each other that we really were up to the tasks we needed to accomplish. It was time for us all to head to our beds and, I hoped, sexy times for at least Harry and me. Neville had over a month to wait. As soon as I got into bed, I realised that I felt way too tired and a little too drunk for sexy times. Worse, Harry didn't mind. I gave Harry a good snog, realised that he still wasn't up for anything, and cuddled up against him to try to fall asleep, even as I knew the combination of revved up and overly tired wasn't going to help. Whale song! I reached for it and was drifting into sleep , just as there was a loud knock on the door. Barb answered the door, then knocked on the bedroom door. "It's Harry's assistant. Tony spoke to him through the portrait. He wants the four of you in the offices of Special Branch now, so that you'll be there when Roger arrives and so that you aren't observed by agents of the friends, either coming or going. He wants you to sleep in the secure files room. I've been there and can Apparate all of us. Tony apparently expects you all to sleep there." "Just great!" I had to grudgingly agree that it was an intelligent tactical plan. We certainly didn't want the friends to identify us. I realised that I hadn't missed out on anything by drinking so much sherry. We grabbed blankets and pillows for sleeping on the floor and then the four of us linked hands and found ourselves standing in a large vault, with row after row of filing cabinets. There were also three Special Branch employees, including Mrs. Toms, there to greet us. "I apologise for the inconvenience, but I agree with the Minister that security demands this. We have already had some of the friends sniffing around our false Harry Potter trail and three agents of the friends were on Roger's return flight. Two of them followed him back to his home and I assume will follow him to determine whether he deviates from his normal workday patterns tomorrow. So... we must limit the number of people who know you will be meeting with Roger tomorrow. That's also why Tony won't be joining us - it would be too difficult to sneak him in. Yes, I know you could do what you do to transport him here, but I fear too many are already in on that trick. Sleep well, Margaret and Mitch will stay with you and wake you an hour before the meeting. There is a loo just down the hallway to the left, as you leave the vault. I hope you are no longer upset that we spied on you. We do that routinely and, in your case, it was largely to protect you and your secrecy. Everyone involved was, or I thought was, thoroughly vetted. Roger's mistress is quite new, and we missed him. Why he thinks calling him a mistress helps his situation, I certainly don't know. I regret that. I regret that the spying caused a breach in our relationship. I hope it can be mended. I have been watching out for you and have done nothing to harm you." "In that spirit I have a question. When the four of us went to Australia to retrieve my parents, you had photographs taken within seconds of our arrival. That could only happen if you already knew where my parents lived. The Death Eaters were the only ones, whom we have discovered knew where my parents were. They had been to their house. Did you learn the location from the Death Eaters?" "That's a complicated answer: they told us, but we already knew. We knew as soon as your parents left for Australia and followed them from the airport. We protected them for months and then decided that they were safe. When you booked the plane tickets, we thought something bad might happen, before you reached Australia and sent agents back to the house. And, in answer to the obvious next question, we had to share a photo of all of you with those agents - otherwise they might have attacked you as soon as you arrived. Those agents have orders to destroy all physical and electronic copies of the photos we sent them and to speak to nobody about that. The photo they took of your arrival was as much to prove their timely arrival on the spot as anything. We like to document. They deleted all copies on their end. They are very trusted agents. I know, I know, so was Roger. This has been as bad for us and me, personally, as it has for you. That was my biggest error in over a decade, hung out right in front of the PM. He is not at all pleased. I've never, since my first year in this service, been told to go stand in the hall, while an important meeting was continuing. I fear for my position. I have at least as much incentive as you to make certain that this situation with Roger and with your people ends well. The PM is very angry. Now, Good night, you have a challenging morning ahead of you." We used the loo, we cleaned up as best we could, dressed, and were just finishing breakfast, when Mrs. Toms arrived. Roger showed up five minutes later, with several more of Mrs. Toms' agents drifting in over the next several minutes. When the last arrival was seated, Mrs. Toms asked Roger to give us a detailed account of all that happened since he boarded the plane to cross the pond. Roger knew the drill. He gave us a quick overview in just fifteen minutes, then spent almost two hours describing the events in fine detail. There were no questions asked, but when Roger finished Mrs. Toms told Roger "You did very well Roger. A fifteen-minute break and then we resume with Hermione's magic juice." Hermione gave him a dose and a half. All but the two agents guarding the vault made a quick trip to the loo. Roger and his escort were the last to return, obviously by plan, as Mrs. Toms' took the opportunity to ask, "was he truthful". We assured her that he was. With questioning, and a short lunch break, it was four hours until Roger was excused. He and his minder ate separately, with his normal lunchmates. We learned from Roger that we had attracted the attention of some very senior security staff among the friends. Roger had even met Darth Cheney, who had both thanked him for his service with a big wad of cash and threatened him. The most important point was that the friends had accepted the phoney photos of us, which Roger gave them. Roger had been ordered to provide more files. The auror who would be one of the teachers at the phoney Wizard school would be one of the photos. He would be substitute Neville. Mrs. Toms told us that she had 'absolutely forbade Mr. Weasley from participating in the subterfuge. He was brave but feeling as guilty as he obviously did made him a risk to blow the charade. Roger's spy craft was good enough that he had detected his three shadows but was certain they didn't realise that. He thought they believed his tale. He had passed their lie detector test. He had done so twice. The more unbelievable substitute facts we had confounded him with caused the friends to think he might be overly credulous and that the things he had obviously observed might not be as significant as Roger obviously believed. There was some very bad news. The friends had identified, but not yet met with, Hemerocallis, who apparently was on holiday in Britain. Roger's shadows were tasked with tracking down Hemerocallis, just as soon as they were convinced that Roger wasn't a double agent running straight back to his Special Branch handlers. "That's all Roger," Mrs. Toms finally declared. "You're lucky. We already know of your transgressions, so our friends can't blackmail you. You're helping us, so if you do well as a double agent, you can avoid jail and even continue to work here - with less access to important secrets. The friends aren't a threat to kill you; you've happily escaped the attention of the big bad bear. You can expect to be detoured to the American Embassy sometime in the next week for a further debriefing and polygraph. You need to know certain things, but the things you don't know are about to be obliviated. You can keep your boyfriend, although I don't understand why you refer to him as your mistress. You will drink some liars' milk before you leave and will be confunded to totally believe everything in these new files. It will be liar's milk every day, when you leave work, with a top up if you leave the building for lunch. Here is your next official assignment. It is important, but it's NATO and unobjectionable and quite uninteresting to the friends. You will be working with two other agents. That is both for your safety and so that we know where to find you. Do what you need to do, Hermione." Roger was dismissed, with knowledge of this meeting obliviated and a full day's work, including a routine, post-travel debriefing substituted. Harry spoke determinedly as soon as Roger was out of earshot "If the friends can trace Hemerocallis back to Madam Bones, we are in deep trouble. We must find Hemerocallis first. We must work together. The only plan I can think of is to kidnap Roger's shadows and use the Juice to force them to reveal the real identity of Hemerocallis." "Their contact was by internet," Hermione explained to Harry. "All trace of that must be erased. We must question Madam Bones and learn from where and how she transmitted her messages. She was vague on how she initially got together with Hemerocallis, but it sounds like she left a record on the FanFiction site. That is our biggest risk. Special Branch needs to act on that." "Talk to your woman, get me the information before dinner, and my people will act before you are snuggled into your beds."
Chapter 10 – Interviewing The Prisoners The four of us had dinner in London with Mrs. Toms, who thought it time for a relaxed talk. She treated us at Shacklebolt's favorite restaurant. The staff knew her. We had excellent service and a pair of most excellent wines to go with Harry and my Chateaubriand for Two. Mrs. Toms had carefully controlled the discussion. "We should be friends. I think the four of you are young enough to be both more flexible and more realistic than Ginny's father. All five of you, including former Minister Weasley are certainly more honest than even-more-former-Minister Shacklebolt, although I must tell you that while Kingsley is certainly dishonest, he is also deeply honourable. You can depend upon him to have your backs and to be willing to sacrifice his life for your community. I know the four of you are equally honourable and courageous. My job is to keep Britain safe. I stomp on toes and bend laws, in a way which the Prime Minister and regular police cannot. Protecting one's people can involve some dirty deeds. All of you have been forced to kill. So, have I. I doubt you liked it any more than I did. It had to be done and we did it. We must look ahead and prevent trouble. That is the only way to reduce or avoid killing. There are a few things you need to focus upon. "You can't stay hidden forever. There have been way too many incidents, from Voldemort forward. We can hold the friends at bay only for so long. They aren't stupid, they have more agents than they know what to do with, and they rarely give up on a scent. They have your scent. I'm surprised the British media haven't broken the story of your community. I work as hard as I can at this in order to give you time to prepare for and execute a plan for your people to go public. My message is it's a question of when, not if, and the sooner the better. A planned disclosure has so many advantages for both of our governments and communities. Your International Secrecy Statute is a problem. You need to address it promptly. I wish to speak to the International Confederation of Wizards. I know they are looking into your possible violation of the Secrecy Statute. It is important that I be allowed to convince them just how much they have their heads in the sand and are just wishing and hoping the current problems will disappear. That can't work. I don't know how much time I can give you, but it isn't a lot. We are lucky that the bear hasn't heard of you, yet. It is inevitable that they will. All the spy services spy on each other. If we know, they will know soon enough. They will not be happy to learn that they have secret magical people in their lands and that those people are governed by other magical people in Germany and the Nordic countries. They won't like that at all." Mrs. Toms stopped talking while we ate our meals. Her only comments referred to the food. After dessert and coffee were delivered to our table, the waiter was no more than ten feet away, when she asked, "are you going to arrange for me to speak to the Confederation?" "Wouldn't that rather much be an admission that we have violated the ISS? Okay, I suppose we're past that point. I'll see what I can do. Really, I promise to do it. What are you going to ask them to do?" "I want them to think, I want them to think very seriously. They cannot go on ignoring how much our world has changed and how difficult it has become to hide in it. I don't know what to do about the Giants, and Elves and Goblins and Centaurs, but the magical humans are going to have to come out of hiding. I can't possibly tell them how much time they have, but it isn't a lot. Your people will be very lucky to stay hidden another year. Our government has known about you for quite some time, and you are hardly closer to integrating into British society than you were when we first encountered you." "I understand. The Death Eater wars were kind of hard to miss." "Longer ago than that. I've read the fanfic. It's still being added to, by the way. I checked some details against our files. Dumbledore recruited us to search for Jaden and Dilys. He didn't say he worked at a Wizarding school, but his unusualness was remarked upon. Throughout the years, there have been citizens and police, even soldiers, who saw things they shouldn't have seem and escaped without having their minds wiped. There are several dozen such files. They are remarkably similar. The first go back to the end of the nineteenth century. We have been given ample reason to spy upon you. We don't want your full story breaking into full public view with a giant thud any more than you do. One thing is clear from the files: there are more and more entries each year. You are becoming less and less successful at hiding. We knew about and accepted the Lords Montaigne. Let's say we had a sort of agreement with the Malfoys. Really, we've bent over backwards to tolerate you. You must do better, and you must prepare for the future. "You may have to set some of your boyish purity aside to deal with the problems of the present. You need to be tougher in dealing with those of your opponents who are willing to engage in serious violence or deliberate attempts to threaten your secrecy. What the fanfic calls your catch-and-release policy toward serious political criminals hasn't and can't work. Ignore your Deputy Minister and keep them in the Gringotts' vaults forever, or at least until you can complete the secure prison you're working on. There will be complaints from opposition Gamots that you have imprisoned a fellow Gamot. Your answer is to expel her from the Wizengamot and keep her locked up. She is a dangerous terrorist. This is too delicate a time to risk what she might do next. Keep an eye on your enemies. Your wife might solicit another raven or two from Odin. I give you this tip from my own agents: Barnabas Cuffe is more than a Slytherin-for-life businessman. He may well be the leader behind the terrorists. This last stunt your opposition pulled was most dangerous. It was exactly what a dozen agents of the friends were looking for. Dumb luck they missed it. If the friend who saw it had not been promptly captured, well... I'll keep you updated on events with Roger. I assume that you can find your own way home. Good night. Tony doesn't know I'm here. Please don't mention this meeting. I don't think we've been watched. Don't wait to speak to Madam Bones." We made a very quick stop at Madam Bones' townhouse. She had used a laptop to write PMs, she took pains to explain that these were personal messages, to a reader who had left a comment on her story. She, not Hemerocallis, had written the initial chapters of the story. A back and forth PM had started the ball rolling. She had included enough notes to write the first two books as an attachment to her final PM. After that, she had contacted Hemerocallis by e-mail. She gave us the address. She gave us her hidden laptop. All messages had been sent from an internet café in London. She had chosen one far from the townhouse. She gave us the name. She told us yet again how truly sorry she was. We made a quick stop at the Ministry, having summoned Shacklebolt with a Stone message, which woke him. He said he knew how to contact Mrs. Toms and that he would get Wood to start work on the computer immediately. Even with those quick side trips, I was home in plenty of time for sexy times with Harry. I slept very well. No whale song was required. We were up early and off to the Ministry with Ron, Hermione, and McGonagall. Neville's mum was already seated and drinking tea when we arrived. We ate in Harry's conference room and steeled ourselves to interrogate the prisoners. Gamot Priscilla Endron was to be first up. She entered in a cloud of haughtiness, which was remarkable for such a minor aristocrat of highly dubious pureblood status. She was just about the lowest ranking of the opposition Gamots. Likely her relative youthfulness, Harry said she was thirty-six years old, explained her actions as a fighter. "You have no right to hold me in that dungeon. I'm a Gamot. I have rights. I demand to speak to my minority leader and my solicitor. You will regret this." "You are charged with treason and murder of school children. I can hold you without contact for a week and intend to do so. Do not expect Madam Bones' gently, gently approach to Death Eaters from me. You and Gamot Hinshaw were playing a very dangerous game. He's dead, by the way, so you might consider yourself at least somewhat fortunate. You are going to tell us what you know in front of these truth-tellers." Three court truth-tellers had joined us, so there were five of us. "I'm not a Death Eater. You'll never tire of chasing supposed Death Eaters, but I believe you've killed them all. I am simply an opponent fighting to protect the traditional way of life, which you are determined to destroy. If you had any proof that I actively supported Voldemort, you'd have arrested me long before this. Obviously, you don't have proof, since I was never a Death Eater. Do you care to see my arms?" She started to roll up both sleeves, but the blouse proved too tight. She removed it and softly tossed it toward Harry's head. "Like what you see boys?" "I see that you don't bear the mark. That's a point in your favour, but given your actions, a small one," Ron replied, as he tossed her blouse back to her. "Seen better, by the way." "You have no proof that I either intended to bring down your government or that I killed anyone." "I don't need to prove either of those things. You violently attacked a government facility. You were a member of a group of attackers who killed school children. You were part of a group who used Giants and a Dementor to attack and kill school children." "Only one of those killed was young enough to be considered a child, and I certainly did not kill her, nor did I order, encourage, or approve of her death. I was there to demonstrate against your government's policy of admitting adult Muggles to our community. I was not there to kill or even to fight." "There are witnesses that you fired curses." "Self defence. We were cursed. I cursed back. Apparently, nobody heard me use an Unforgivable Curse, or you would have led with that. That's because I didn't use one. A person who is being attacked is at liberty to use and 'Expelliarmus' or 'Petrificus Totalis'." "Or even a meteorological spell," Mrs. Longbottom suggested. "Who organised and planned this attack?" "I don't care to respond, other than to say that it wasn't me." "Who coordinated the attack you participated in and the attack upon Hogwarts' first years, and the commotion in Sheffield designed to attract the attention of non-magical Britons and consume auror time to confound on-lookers?" "That is a coincidence. It might have been organised. I know nothing about any of that. I was at the school in Wales to demonstrate against the presence of that school, because Gamot Hinshaw asked me to join his protest and allow the Daily Prophet to take our picture. The community needs to know that there are still some brave souls who are willing to stand up against your destruction of our community." "You and Gamot Hinshaw both wore Death Eater masks and hoods." "That has already become recognised as standard garb for those who protest your government. We would have removed our masks to be photographed." "After all of the students and faculty were dead." "I told you, there was no intention of killing anybody. We were cursed. We cursed back. Unfortunately, deaths resulted." "Without your using an Avada Kedavra?" "I did not use that curse. Neither did my colleague. I heard one or two, but don't know who used them. I believe the Giants and the Dementor became overly excited and lost their self-control when the faculty started to curse us. They are simple minded and can't be held accountable for that. Besides, they're all dead." "One of the Giants and the Dementor live. We'll be questioning the Giant this afternoon. We've sent for the leader of the Giant tribe. I think the captured Giant will tell us who hired him. I find it strange that you felt it appropriate to invite two Giants, a Dementor, and Demons to your peaceful protest of the presence of non-purebloods in our community. I'm sure the Giant will explain his strange appearance at a peaceful protest. Perhaps he also wanted the Daily Prophet to take a photo of him. Do you care to amend your testimony, before that happens? No? Then, we'll repeat the questions, using Veritaserum Don't bother objecting, I have authority to do so. Here are two witness statements swearing that the first curse of the day actually came from you and that it killed a professor." I was surprised that McGonagall had yet to object. Normally this treatment of anyone, especially a Witch, would have her hurling accusations at us. Perhaps Harry had spoken to her in advance, or perhaps the destruction of the school was too vile an action for her to care what happened to the perpetrator. The Gamot now looked more worried. We had to force the Veritaserum down her throat. While we waited, Mrs. Longbottom polled all of us truth-tellers and made note of each time that the Gamot had lied or been evasive. She had been evasive about not using an Unforgivable Curse, about not organizing the attack and about coordination of the attacks, she had lied about only cursing in self defence and only going to the school for a peaceful protest. She had been truthful about not using the AK curse. I should point out that Hermione's spiked Veritaserum was used, rather than the plain variety. I'm certain McGonagall was aware of this. It looks different enough that any Witch half as skilled as McGonagall couldn't possibly be fooled. Gamot Endron mainly confirmed that she had lied but did reveal that the attacks had been planned by Barnabas Cuffe. She couldn't say why. She didn't know his formal position in the opposition. She didn't know whether he had been some sort of honorary Death Eater. She admitted that she was masquerading as pure blood, but said she was not the only Witch to do so and that it hardly mattered. She wasn't a Death Eater and only Death Eaters cared about such things. What counted was a reverence and willingness to fight for the traditional lifestyle of the Wizarding world's aristocracy. "We are the only true carriers and transmitters of the Wizarding culture. Our world works best when we rule." Of course, she was a graduate of Slytherin. Hagrid, Grawp, and the leader of the Giants sat in on our meeting with the prisoner Giant. I wasn't sure if I or the others had the ability to truth-tell a Giant. His answers seemed honest, both because none of us detected a lie and because he said nothing that I would have any reason, just based upon my own knowledge, to suspect was untrue. He said that he and his partner had each been given a bar of gold and a handful of gems as payment for participation in a single attack. Shown a group of photos, he pointed at Gamot Hinshaw's portrait. There had been a meeting prior to the attack. Gamot Endron spoke of the necessity to kill everyone present and absolutely destroy the building, reducing it to burnt rubble. He identified Barnabas Cuffe as the man with the camera, who took photos prior to the group's traveling to the school, photos taken with faces visible. "We need to get those photos," Ron nudged Harry. "I will do my best," Mrs. Longbottom promised. We spoke to the other 'Death Eater' prisoners - Gamot Endron at least believed that she spoke the truth when she stated that neither they nor herself were ever Death Eaters. Ron ordered each of these prisoners to roll up their sleeves. No smudges or marks were visible. I knew that Draco's mark remained visible, so this was further proof that Gamot Endron spoke truth on this point. The most interesting testimony came from the only prisoner captured at what Hermione called the 'street demonstration'. It was clear that many of the actors were non-magical Britons paid by Barnabas Cuffe. A Daily Prophet photographer had been present when the prisoner had arrived. Our prisoner had been recruited by Gamot Hinshaw. He had been paid. He had been given a precise time to begin the demonstration. He had been told that buildings must be damaged in a way which would be "difficult to repair or explain." He had no knowledge that there was to be an attack on the new school in Wales. I also sat in as one of the truth-tellers on the interrogation of the students who had attacked the Gryffindor first years. They were defiant. They refused to answer. They were threatened with prosecution for treason. They proclaimed their innocence. The spiked Veritaserum was administered. McGonagall showed signs of inner turmoil, but raised no verbal objection, letting her posture speak for itself. The Slytherins changed the tale they had told Neville. They had not launched an impulsive attack on "snivelly little Mudbloods who had the temerity to occupy the halls of my school". The father of one of the students had sent an owl demanding a serious and very prominent attack upon, preferably the twins, but as a fallback plan, against any Mudblood students, the younger the better. An exact time for the attack was given. The importance of this timing was emphasised. Parental authority and threats of dire consequences, in the case of disobedience, were invoked. The student receiving the owl was Hieronymus Hinshaw, the son of our dead Gamot Hinshaw's brother Eustace, also a member of the Wizengamot. It was late, but I was very hungry. I had access to an infinite supply of tea, coffee, and baked goods during the interrogations, but nobody thought to provide any real food. I can't survive like that. Harry tasked an auror to grab Indian pick-up. When he returned, he and Barb transported us to Hermione's house. Mrs. Longbottom had gone on ahead to Hogwarts with Shacklebolt and four of his aurors to get her son's permission to search Slytherin House. She had a signed statement from young Hinshaw and had gotten a search permission from the member of the Wizengamot, who served as the judicial master. I left that matter in the capable hands of the Longbottom's. I needed food. The early Quest stops had featured so much curry that I had become satiated with those spice blends. There had been none of that taste on Vanaheimer or Asgard, and I hadn't missed it in the least. Now that I had Tandoori chicken and vegetable curries in front of me, I suddenly realised how much I had missed these tastes. I thoroughly enjoyed my food. The naan bread was something I hadn't had warm and fresh since I began Questing. I welcomed back my old friend. We had finished eating when the Longbottom's appeared at the door. "Slytherins can be very foolish and stupid," Neville declared. "Hieronymus saved the note from his father! Why! Maybe he had planned to blame his father if he came to trial. Perhaps he would claim a crippling fear of an extremely abusive father. In any case, Mrs. Longbottom had the note and she was off to arrest the second Gamot Hinshaw. I was sure she would get permission to search his house. Was he as stupid and careless as his son? We could hope. "Young Hinshaw is going to be very unpopular with his Slytherin chums. We found several gallons each of Scotch, gin, and vodka. I let them keep their wine. They also had marijuana. As far as I know that's a first for Hogwarts. Worst of all, they had a bomb. Now it's my bomb and it's also ample reason for future searches of Slytherin and questioning of all, with truth-tellers." "Nice of you to just drop that in at the end. I had hoped to meet with Margaret, the twins, and Steven, Angela, and Fran, before returning to Asgard in late morning." "I couldn't resist seeing how much a half sleeping Harry's jaw would drop when I said that. I'll arrange with Fran for all of us to have breakfast in my apartment." A Slytherin bomb at Hogwarts!
Chapter 11 – An Alarm In the Night I had a chance for quick sexy times with Harry and even for an hour of sleep, before Shacklebolt was pounding on our door. We hastily dressed, while Barb served him tea. "Three Slytherin fifth-years slipped out of the school an hour ago and vanished. They wouldn't have been missed nearly this quickly, but for some reason they felt obliged to burn down Hagrid's shack. Don't worry, Hagrid is fine. My aurors have started their search from Hogsmeade. That also was too easy. They broke into the Three Broomsticks and stole a sack of bar food and quite a lot of Scotch. I smell a trap. I've ordered the aurors to work in teams of two or three. I don't want to risk a lone auror being ambushed. Just to be safe, I've sent aurors to Cissy's castle. All was well when they arrived, but they are protecting her castle from the inside. Just two Wizard servants were at the castle. They are safe and saw nothing. I feared that the castle route to the Sacred Cavern might be an inviting target." "I'm terribly sorry," Harry told him. "It was a long day and we just wanted to go to bed, but I know we should have stayed to question the Slytherins. I just couldn't face that at the time. Now that chance is gone." "Don't worry about that. You might or might not have identified the culprits who owned the bomb. They could have refused to say a word. Now they've volunteered their own guilt. We'll catch them. Spoilt Slytherins aren't going to hide out in caves, like Sirius did. They aren't at all into roughing it. They are probably trying to go home. We're certainly pursuing that angle." A thought popped into my head: "Perhaps a flash of intuition or just a dumb thought, but I think you should have aurors watching the Prophet building and Mr. Cuffe's house. If he organised the attacks, they may expect him to protect them. I'll try to find Neville. You should know whether the boys are able to Apparate. Would they bother stopping to steal food if they were able to Apparate to some place safe? First, I want to visit and make certain Hagrid is okay." "That will stretch me thin, but I'll do it." Harry said he would go with Kingsley, but that I should try to get some rest. How did he think that would be possible? I told Barb I was going to Hogwarts to check on Hagrid and see his hut for myself. I gave Harry a very quick snog, and he was gone. Barb insisted that she must come with me. I was reluctantly agreeing, when there was another knock on my door, which Barb opened to admit Hermione. Harry had taken Ron with him. We Apparated right onto the Hogwarts' grounds, just a hundred feet from Hagrid's hut. The stench of burnt hut immediately assaulted my nostrils and I could see piles of glowing embers as we walked forward. I heard Hagrid and Neville speaking in concerned tones as they knelt in front of... something. "Fang!" I told Hermione, certain I was right, even though I could see next to nothing." As we got closer, I could tell that Neville was attempting a healing spell, while Hagrid repeated a monotone "Don't die, Fang." Hermione and I rushed around Hagrid and Neville to tend to Fang from the other side. As we knelt beside Fang, the smell of burnt fur and, frankly, flesh was overpowering to the point I had to forcibly suppress a gag and barf. As I recovered, I joined Hermione in pouring magical energy into Fang. I reached for the Stone to get more power and to request it search for more suitable healing spells. PAIN! A crushing wave of pure pain caught me totally by surprise and I bent over so far, my nose was crushed against the grass. "Worse than the Cruciatus," Hermione whispered in a way that told me she had blocked the pain. I follower her mind to the spot in the Stone memory where she found that trick and used it to clear my own mind of the oppressive pain. Fang was softly whimpering, and I just knew that we were somehow feeling his pain. We both used that spell to block Fang's pain. The whimpering stopped. A tongue licked my hand in thanks. Hagrid had stopped his mournful chant and turned away from Neville as he sensed what was happening. "The pain is too much for Fang. We must do something." "We already have," Hermione assured him. "All of his pain is blocked. We're now working on healing him." "Tried to save him. The big dummy ran back into the hut. I almost couldn't reach him; it was so hot. Why would somebody want to kill Fang? He never hurt nothing." "I'm very sorry," Hermione consoled him, then flashed the truth at him with "it was you they wanted to kill. You are our friend. That was enough for those evil boys to want to kill you." "I'm sorry I haven't been able to prevent the return of evil to Hogwarts," Neville apologised to all of us. "I thought I was doing a lot better than I actually was. This lot of Slytherins seemed better than last year's. They were strongly pushed to do this. I know it. I feel incompetent. I should have considered that the adults couldn't bear to have a peaceful Hogwarts. A bomb, now this. I will not tolerate it." "Slytherins are evil," Hagrid told us. I couldn't disagree. I was searching the Stone for the best spells or potions to treat burns. I was also looking for any special skills to treat an animal with serious burns. The Stone directed me to an old nature religion priestess named Esme. She had supported herself as a shepherdess and tended sheep, with the help of her two dogs. She had successfully treated one of her dogs for severe burns, when an angry Wizard had thrown him onto her campfire. She had dealt with the Wizard, then she had used the same pain deadening spell we had just used. She knew of a plant lotion for burns. The ingredients danced across my mind. I told Hermione that I was off to the potion's room, letting her see the vision of the lotion in my mind. She pointed me at an old Light Guardian priestess potion to treat human burns, suggesting it would probably also work on Fang. I messaged Margaret to meet me in the potions room and I was off. I Apparated inside the door of Snape's old storeroom. As soon as I ordered light from my wand, it was clear that Neville had the room far better stocked with plants than Snape or even Professor Sprout had ever achieved. That reminded me to also summon Professor Sprout. I carried a satchel of ingredients to the potions room. Margaret, the twins, and Professor Sprout were already there. I explained the problem and what was needed to treat Fang. Professor Sprout allowed herself a quick "poor Hagrid, poor Fang," then sprang into action. She and the twins would make the potion. Margaret and I would prepare the lotion. I macerated Eucalyptus leaves with my mortar and pestle, while Margaret crushed Aloe leaves. We each dumped our product into a small copper pail, then moved on to Peppermint leaves for me and flowers from the Vanilla orchid for Margaret. How could a medieval priestess possibly get such ingredients? There must have been a lore of far-off places among the priestesses and she must have done several basically blind, long-distance Apparates. That would have been dangerous beyond imagining. I shuddered to think of the risk this old priestess had taken. Despite that, I knew she had lived to be nearly a hundred and had died only when a ram had caught her unawares and butted her off a mountainside. I wasn't half as tough as these old witches. Stir in a scoop of ambergris and we were done. Margaret and I apparated back to Fang's side. With gentle 'Leviosum' and a modified form of Witch painting, we managed to cover all of Fang with the lotion. Hermione fetched soft linen sheeting, upon which we laid, and then wrapped, Fang. When we finished this delicate operation, I noticed that Madam Sprout and the twins were standing with us. The easiest approach - easiest for Fang, that is, was to squirt the potion down his throat in very small squirts, lest he choked. Barb, Neville, Professor Sprout, and I grabbed a piece of the linen and Apparated Fang to the infirmary. We carefully placed him upon a cot. Hermione apparated Hagrid and the twins. "I'm off to do some midnight shopping in a British hospital. We need to get equipment for a glucose drip, probably electrolytes as well. I'll pick up Stewart on the way. He can give a satisfactory explanation. I'll Polyjuice. I'm becoming far more wary of the wrong people being able to identify this face. As Hagrid stepped close to Fang and presented his big hand, Fang lifted his head slightly and gave a big lick. I could tell that Fang was feeling much better and less frightened. Then I realised: I could tune into Fang's thoughts. I could sense his increasing calm, his love for Hagrid, his doggy gratitude for our efforts to repair him. I tried to beam some warm, happy thoughts back at Fang. I pulled myself away from this rather shocking contact with the realisation that I'd be gone in twelve hours and there was information about Fang's care which I must convey to the others. First, I made sure that Dr. Sprout had good written instructions for making more lotion and potion. Then I wrote down the instructions for a second lotion and two more potions to be used after Fang's healing had caught hold. Most important: I needed to teach them how to perform the dual charm and spell needed to block Fang's pain. What Hermione and I had done would wear off shortly after we left. I promised to renew the treatment as the last thing we did. I improved the twins' link to the Stone as I was doing this. They had so much less formal skill that I hadn't been able to do much more than teach them how to yell "Help!" through the Stone, before I left on Quest. Now they were able to learn how to conduct a full conversation in both directions and to ask the Stone questions. I made certain that the Stone was fully aware of what sort of questions it should and should not answer. Hermione returned with Stewart and hooked up an intravenous drip for Fang. A tube, which Hermione said was a catheter, had to be inserted in a most sensitive spot. Happily, our spell meant that Fang didn't feel a thing. As Hagrid looked a little shocked by this procedure, Hermione explained that it was necessary to prevent Fang from soiling himself. Lack of cleanliness was the greatest danger to Fang's recovery. I turned to see Madam Pomphrey working on Hagrid with the same lotion we had used on Fang. I felt mortified. Hagrid was seriously injured, and I had failed to notice anything beyond singed hair. I must have looked very crestfallen, because Hagrid reached out to put a comforting hand upon my head, telling me "Don't feel bad. You fixed Fang, what I wanted you to do. I'm tougher and braver than Fang." Brave or not, lack of whimpering notwithstanding, Hermione and I used the anti-pain charm and spell on Hagrid. "Time to go!" Neville urged us. "If we go now, we can almost be not late for breakfast with the Lester's." The Lester's were standing in a third-floor corridor next to a glass display case when the three of us arrived. Of course, they were unable to gain entry to the stairway to Neville's apartment, even though Angela was leaning against us. It was an exposed position, even within Hogwarts, but a Ministry auror was with them. I didn't know her name. She introduced herself as Bethany, absolute evidence that she was Muggle-born. Neville guided us up to his apartment and motioned us to a semi-circle of chairs. More furniture, more modern furniture, no Witch sherry on offer, but reminiscent of my visits to McGonagall's apartment. As we sat, breakfast arrived. We had a profusion of choices: coffee, tea, pumpkin and orange juices, milk, broiled tomatoes, bacon, eggs scrambled or poached, croissants, scones, poached pears, three different jams, butter, sausages, and chocolate chip muffins. "Ginny likes to eat," Neville offered as explanation. "She's about to travel and wanted to check in on you before she left. Since she is responsible for your introduction to our world, that seemed appropriate. Harry and Ron would be here, but they're off on auror business." "Please just tell me, I know something terrible has happened. Does it involve us." Fran pleaded. "Not directly," I responded, "but a lot of bad stuff happened in the past two days. We've just come from doing our best to heal Hagrid's dog, Fang. He was badly burned when three Slytherins burned down Hagrid's hut on their way out of Hogwarts. We think they were the ones who brought the bomb into Slytherin House. Harry and Ron are searching for them. The over-flow school in Wales was attacked. The attackers were repulsed, but a dozen students were killed. On the bright side, things are going well with Roger and the phoney trail we've laid to fool the agents of the United States." "Worse than I feared. Are you sure my children are safe at Hogwarts?" "As safe as we can possibly make them," Neville promised in a voice which reeked of confidence. "The worst of the Slytherins are gone. My faculty are vigilant. We have Elves secretly on duty. Bethany is here to keep you all safe and my mother has two other aurors, who will remain at Hogwarts for the time being. Meanwhile, the Ministry is pursuing those responsible for the attacks. A number of villains are already in jail." "I guess that is... somewhat comforting. This is all new to us." "We fully understand that," Hermione assured her. Ginny and I faced threats at Hogwarts, but as you can see, we survived and are fine. Hogwarts is far safer now. We have a friendly Ministry and Neville isn't ignoring problems. How are you and the children progressing with your magical studies?" "Far better than I could have hoped. I've been allowed to start as a second year, so there's no conflict with being in the same classes as Angela. I'm getting by - far from best in class, but only the second or third worst performer. Angela has proven to be a natural. We've snuck in training for Steven. I think he's doing well. I have a request. I'd like my husband to be able to visit us for the weekend. I'm sure he misses us greatly. I certainly miss him. He could hide out in my apartment." "Harry's department. I'm hoping he'll be here soon, so that I can say goodbye to him. I'm traveling off-world to Asgard." We finished our breakfast, mainly with small-talk conversation. We were all lingering after finishing eating in the hope that Harry and Ron would appear. They arrived forty minutes after we finished eating. "We caught the Slytherins. Ginny was right, they went to Barnabas Cuffe's house. They walked to the nearest town south of Hogsmeade. It's a regular British small town. They were sitting in the car park area of a small mall, when a Witch I didn't recognise approached them. They grabbed her arms and she Apparated them away from us. Fifteen minutes later an auror arrives to tell us that they are inside Barnabas Cuffe's house. We set up anti-Apparition barriers and stormed the house, arresting everyone inside. We had judicial warrants to do that and to search any place the students went. We found some very interesting documents. Director Shacklebolt and Wood are examining them. Barnabas, the Witch, Gamot Finch, and the three students are in the lock-up and will be questioned today. I'm hoping the two of you can stay for that." I contacted Odin. He seemed a little annoyed, but his words were agreement in good grace. He agreed to let me borrow Cissy, since Harry didn't want to use the court truth-tellers for this. Harry listened to Fran's request and agreed that He or Ron would Apparate her husband to Hogwarts. "Please do it together guys", Neville cautioned. "I don't want my friends in a position to be picked off as singles. The Lester house is a place we can be counted on to visit. We probably don't want Mister Lester to return there after the weekend, unless you have a couple of aurors to spare."
Chapter 12 – An Apology To My Questers I contacted Odin and received permission to stay a little longer. He wanted stability in Britain and was shocked at the problems I described, although pleased by the progress we had made in putting an end to many of our troubles. His approval was hardly necessary. Reinforced by Cissy and Cho, Hermione and I travelled to the Ministry with Harry as his trusted truth-tellers. None of the prisoners said a word. Spiked Veritaserum could not loosen their tongues or weaken their resolve. I had just one more thing to do before I left. I told Harry that I wanted to visit Prudence and the other wounded from the attack upon the Wales school. Harry told me that he would come with me, although he had already made an official visit as Minister. I was pleased and relieved that all the injured were doing very well and would leave St. Mungo's tomorrow. Some could leave already but were staying as a demonstration of solidarity. They planned to leave as one and go immediately for interviews and photos with The Quibbler. Prudence proudly declared "We've read The Prophet and are determined that the truth be told. We are the ones who were there. We were injured protecting our students." I thanked her for that service to our community but also couldn't help blurting "I'm a little surprised, because I never saw you as a fighter." "You did not see me at my best on Vanaheimer. I was so shocked that I froze during the battle at the White Column chamber. I couldn't believe what Miomor was obviously doing. I know that you have forgiven me, since you are here talking to me. I expected never to see you again." "I know. I expected the same. You were so courageous that I had to confirm with my own eyes that you were well. Also, everything that you told me about my dad's problems turned out to be true. I know that you did your best to help him deal with the stresses of being Minister and that he was more responsible than you for the other problems." The wounded wished to have a remembrance ceremony for the dead. I led a Light Guardian religious ceremony. The wounded took turns describing the dead. They were all good people who had either volunteered to teach the students or students who had arrived in our world in a daze, shocked by their newly discovered wild magic and determined to fit into our society. They recognized that they were separate from the Hogwarts students for a reason. They felt like something of a special problem or embarrassment to their new community but were determined to learn and prove themselves. We would all have been proud of them. They realized that the numbers of the newcomers swamped the capacity of Hogwarts but were glad the Wales school would not be reopened and prayed that the government did not create another segregated school. I could tell that Harry felt very awkward and shamed, but he promised that Hogwarts was being expanded and that he would do his best to make the single overflow school not be segregated. He said that the advanced ages of some of the newcomers was a problem which would require thought. He would arrange for them to meet with Neville, McGonagall, Fran Lester, and Hermione's mother. Hermione and I snogged our husbands, then Apparated to the pyramid for our return to Asgard. I suggested that Cho and Cissy might want to stay in our world for a week to visit friends and family. Cissy declined, but Cho happily accepted. The British soldiers, Commander St. John and Colonel Cholmondeley, along with our two Hogwarts students, and a very jittery Professor Sturluson were waiting for us inside the pyramid. The professor's body language said 'well, it's about time. I've been waiting forever.' He headed straight for Hermione. They chatted, while I organised the team to walk into Asgard. We walked to the World-between-worlds and then onto my Asgard land. We had just finished greeting the Unicorn herd, when Yggdrasil summoned us to the library. Odin and Frijjo were seated in the library, waiting for us. "You're back a little sooner than you led me to believe. What happened." "The prisoners weren't talking, so truth-tellers weren't needed. It's now Mrs. Longbottom's problem to prosecute the prisoners and Shacklebolt's job to catch any of their allies still participating in the fight. We've taken a deliberate decision to step back from fighting. I believe that's what the Light Guardian wants us to do." "Bah!" Frijjo waved a dismissive hand at us. "Will you at least participate in the battle of seid-space." "Yes, that is our plan, but we need further training to do that." "And that you shall have, starting tomorrow morning," Odin promised. "It is a good thing you are well rested. The learning and the work promise to be hard." "Actually, we're knackered. We've slept almost not at all the past two days. Our return home was not at all restful." "I truly do wish that I could make allowance for that, but the schedule does not permit. Let's hope nothing disturbs your sleep tonight. Your team has a head-start on you, in terms of training. I'm sure you'll catch up in no time." "Almost immediately, I've decided it's only fair to send most of the team home for a few days. They need a rest as much as we did, and they won't have the demands on their rest time that we did." Odin had planned a large dinner for us and our team. Percy and Callista were included. Because we had arrived sooner than expected, we had three hours before the feast. I said we'd stop by our camp to check in with the team. Odin told us that half the team was at Valaskjalf, already. Why didn't we take half an hour to chat at the camp, then all who would be attending the feast could come with us to the palace. Odin whispered to me that he knew some of the team would remain in the camp to guard our secrets, even though Frijjo would be with us at the palace. It sounded very silly when he said it like that. I told those at our camp that any wanting to take a trip home should feel free to be gone for three days. I apologised that Hermione and I had been away as long as we had, explaining that this wasn't the plan and recounting all that had happened to delay our return. I thanked them for staying to protect our secrets from Frijjo, telling them about the comments from Frijjo, which had led me to react as I did. Silly as my concern was, I was anxious to discover who was guarding our weapons and camp. I found Captain Davies and Aagog in charge. My first question was about the integrity of our camp's security. I told them I was pleased that the weaponry was covered by cloth sheeting. "Security has been good," Captain Davies assured me. "Frijjo come and stare at sheets. She want to look underneath. I tell her if she do that, I bite." "I might have needed to raise my weapon, but she left camp quickly enough," Captain Davies added. "Also, your Blacky has over-flown the camp quite frequently, especially at night. I've had guards deployed in shifts. I guarantee that Frijjo had no opportunity to steal our secrets or our supplies. She was most annoyed when she left." I asked if their training had been effective. "I learn lots," Aagog assured me. "I teach you. I learn things that Odin and Frijjo not teach. My mother also teach me. "Excellent," was Captain Davies' crisp reply. I was taken aback, not expecting a non-magical Briton to be able to tell good seid instruction from useless instruction. "Captain Davies is very good at seid," Aagog assured me. So there! Captain Davies felt the need to elaborate. "We did a lot of work on identifying the precise color of the weave. We tested various light sources in order to find the one best suited for the job and our eyes. We practiced tying and untying several kinds of knots - quick loose weave, very tight weaves, weaves made to look like nothing happened. Fortunately for me, my gran' taught me both knitting and embroidery. In the military we learn all kinds of knots - how to tie them in the dark, how to untie and retie them after you've passed, how to swiftly cut through them. We are trained to work in the dark. I can disassemble, clean, and reassemble not only my primary weapon, but three others blindfolded. I can work in gloves. All our soldiers can. We can be of use in this. I also had an advantage, because my eyes and mind are very sensitive to minor differences in color shades. At university, I began my studies as a studio artist. I was good, but I was neither pretty enough nor unusual enough to succeed at the PR needed to be a commercial success. So I chose the military as a career. Still, I retain my art training. Some singers have perfect pitch. I have an unusually keen ability to discern slightly different colors and to see color in different types of light and mentally correct to what they would look like under different lighting. My troops can't match that skill, but they most definitely can provide value in seid-space." That was good to know. Why was I just learning this now? Why did my team constantly need to assert useful skills, which I had over-looked in my comfort-zone choice of familiar bodies and hands to do even tasks for which they weren't particularly suited? I vowed to talk to all my team more frequently. I realised that Hermione, who wanted to avoid killing far more than I did, had been put in too many bad situations by my treating her as a fighter, just because she was very familiar and I had absolute faith in her, even though I knew she wasn't a fighter. She needed to think more and fight less, just as I needed to. She especially needed to be steered to key work that didn't require fighting. When I looked up from my thoughts, I saw that Captain Davies was looking at me and waiting for my attention to return to her. I suspect she thought I was receiving a Stone missive, rather than mentally scolding myself. "Blacky stopped by a couple of times looking for you. I think she found something important. I watched him as carefully as I could. I don't think he reported to Odin. Perhaps you should blow your whistle, or whatever else you do, to summon him." I thanked her and immediately blew my wooden whistle. I also made a mental call to Blacky through Yddgrasil. I think the whistle worked, because I only had to wait ten minutes until Blacky was perched upon my shoulder. He had found three heavy spots, one a very heavy spot, in the areas of seid-space I asked him to explore. One of Odin's ravens had flown above him as he observed one of the heavy spots. That was probably why Blacky felt no need to report to Odin. I was able to pluck the image of those spots from Blacky's mind. It was literally a birds'-eye view, but I looked at them long enough and from several angles as Blacky approached and flew past them. I was able to convince myself that I could find them from ground level on the ribbon. I thanked Blacky and asked him to continue his patrols in seid-space and to also watch over the pyramid and Government House on Vanaheimr. He lifted off my shoulder and disappeared down the well in Odin's observatory. That was clearly the quickest route to both seid-space and Vanaheimr. Captain Davies and Commander St. John volunteered to stay behind to guard the camp. If Odin, and especially Frijjo, hadn't already recognised how skilled Captain Davies had become at the mechanics of seid, I didn't want her to accidentally give away that secret. The possibility that non-magical Britons could be effective in seid-space would undoubtedly be viewed by Frijjo as a serious threat. They could supply far more seid warriors than we had Witches. In addition to the non-magical Britons, we had the spiders. If Frijjo found out about Captain Davies' skill, she would see her dream for Vanir control of seid-space gone, rest of other joined Odin and our fellow Questers in the throne room of Valaskjalf. Odin took the time before dinner to reprise the prior days' lessons on seid. He spent most of the time discussing the subtle color and style differences that allowed a seid-master to determine the age of a portion of the ribbon of history and edits made to it, and to identify the weaver of that little bit of time. He demonstrated how subtly different the colors looked under a dozen different light sources. We agreed upon the light source which worked best for us. It was a crystal container filled with the dye of a phosphorescent fish from the river that flowed past the mountain upon which Valaskjalf perched. Odin talked about vertical Apparates to gain perspective, without leaving the ribbon and losing one's way. He talked about choosing an appropriate point from which to exit the ribbon and how to determine where to remount it. One wanted to exit in a built-up area, with distinctive buildings. The worst thing was to dismount in open farming terrain and have to travel miles to find something identifiable. Yes, there was a danger of being seen and captured in a built-up area. One just had to be careful. We had our cloaks and he could make himself invisible. There were also dangers in traveling across pasture or planted fields - you stood out and were quickly tagged as 'stranger'. To remount, it helped to memorize the scenery of your departure point and memorize a fixed key point in its relationship to the sun or moon at a time of day. When you were close to the re-entry point, there often was an intermittent, barely noticeable, shimmer in the air in front of that point. It was much more visible in the dark. Some had the ability to sense it with their minds or even by contact with the sensitive skin of their face or forearms. Most importantly, the ribbon seemed to have a certain affinity for the departee, which began to diminish after a day and was fully gone after three. It was easier for the departee to find the access point than for even a well-trained student of seid who had not very recently departed the ribbon at that point. It was as if the ribbon remembered you and thought you belonged upon it at precisely that spot. It was important not to stay off the ribbon for long. In addition to re-entry being more difficult, life became progressively unluckier for those who were in the wrong time and place. The universe knew you weren't supposed to be where you were, and it fought you. Very frequently, you met with a tragic accident. If you found yourself in such an unfortunate situation, the best means of saving yourself was your raven. For that reason, we must always work in teams and each team must always have its raven. Cho had a raven. He needed several more raven keepers. He would try to teach one non-magical but wasn't at all convinced this was possible. He did make this rather stunning statement: "Being magical is at least as much about training and being in an area having a sufficiently strong compatible magical force as it is about genetics. Magical and non-magical humans, Aesir, and Vanir are all basically the same people. Oftentimes a non-magical human becomes at least a little magical if the magical force is tuned a little differently. We are the same people at root but have moved apart a little at the genetic level due to separation and frequency of the magical forces in which we matured." That was all he wanted to say. It was time to eat and he led us to the dining hall. I was pleased that I would not have to convince Odin to give us more ravens. If I had stayed longer in Britain, I would have tried to recruit a local raven. That was a task for my next trip home. The food was a delicious and exciting blend of Aesir, Vanir, and Earth ingredients and preparation styles. I went to my bed in a very good mood.
Chapter 13 – Training Hard I awoke feeling surprisingly refreshed. While Hermione bathed, I messaged Harry. I told him what Odin had said about the non-magical Britons and how surprisingly adept Captain Davies had proven to be in seid-weaving. Harry was taken-aback, but almost immediately declared this to be an advantage which must be pushed. It would help him in his dealings with Tony, who had asked him and McGonagall over dinner "but what's in this for Britain?" Harry told me that the trove of documents impounded at the Prophet building and Cuffe's home was yielding more evidence than originally thought. There seemed to be enough to convict Barnabas and to raise serious question about several opposition Gamots who were not currently jailed. "We can't arrest them with what we have today, but I am encouraged that we will find more. At minimum, we know who is dangerous, as opposed to those who simply honestly oppose our policies. The biggest thing is notes of a meeting with slug-Slytherin in Barnabas's own handwriting. That is awfully damning. No direct links between Slytherin and anyone else, not even those we've jailed." Harry and I exchanged words of love, I bathed quickly, then it was off to breakfast. I was not surprised when Odin suggested we eat all that our bellies would hold, because we were likely to work very hard straight through to dinner. I already knew to stuff some food into my pockets. I took two whole fruits of unknown identity and two rolls made from the local Asgard grain. These wouldn't foul my pockets. Odin led us all to the throne room. "Just line up in a straight row, starting here." Odin pointed to the starting point and motioned in the direction he wanted the line to follow. His hand motion told me that lined up, excluded me. He opened a side door to the outdoors and a dozen ravens fluttered into the room. They sat along the edge of the raised dais, which held Odin's throne. With a sweeping motion of his right arm, Odin sent his swarm one by one in quick succession toward the line of Questers. It was a strange sight. The first bird landed upon Cissy's shoulder, since she was at the end of the line nearest the dais. It then hopped to the next shoulder, then the next, and the next. As soon as it left Cissy's shoulder, it was replaced by a new raven, until the seventh raven chose to stay with her. It took over an hour for this ceremony to be completed and at its end, Cissy, Captain Davies, Mona, Hermione, and Professor Sturluson hosted ravens. A beaming Professor Sturluson declared "I knew it! The ancient lore points the true way." Odin then addressed those he called 'the honorable raven bearers' and instructed them on how to exchange mental messages with their birds, how the birds liked to be 'petted' with a smoothing, whole hand, wrap-around, sweeping motion down the top of their necks, across the full length of their back and wings, and ending with an up-sweeping stroke across the tail. "These are working birds not pets, well they also are fine pets, but they are trained to work. Most especially they are outdoor birds. You should not keep them indoors for more than a day, two at most and if they insist on going outside, then you must release them at once. Indoors they need water, and..." A long list of mandatory and alternate foods was given as well as a reminder that the birds needed an acceptable place to relieve themselves. Odin produced a little bag of what I quickly realised were wooden bird whistles. The whistles bore identifying marks and were banded together in pairs. Odin matched the whistles to the birds, pocketing the whistles of the birds who hadn't selected a bearer. This is just how my mind phrased the situation, but my thought was confirmed when Daphne Greenglass piped up with a complaint. "Keep your whistles safe. Hide the second one as a spare but hide it where you can always access it quickly if you misplace the primary." "Why did two Muggles get birds, while Witches like my sister and I did not?" "I know that you British Witches and Wizards have an expression: 'the wand chooses the Wizard.' It is the same with my birds. I have no more idea why a bird chooses a bearer than your wand seller knows why your wand chose you. Perhaps it is your smell, or your mental vibrations, or it simply chooses a pretty face. They do much prefer females to males." Daphne was clearly offended by the 'pretty face' comment, but Odin was already continuing his instruction and explaining an exercise with the whistle. The bearers were to spend a half hour stroking their birds and softly speaking to them. "Let you bird rest its head against yours. Try to tell what it is thinking. Think thoughts to your bird. Now, I want you to blow into your whistle a few times, so your bird becomes accustomed to the exact sound. You will blow naturally, because you must blow the same way each time. Good, good. Now tell your bird 'away!'. "If you can't think the thought to your bird, then you must say the word aloud. And you must practice thinking it." All the birds were aloft and flying around the buildings in a wide circle. Odin instructed the bearers to blow their whistles. The birds returned and landed upon the bearer's left shoulders. "Excellent!" Odin declared. "Now you and your bird must spend some time together in my charging ovals. Talk and think to your bird while you are in the oval. A half hour per customer pair. We'll start with those who couldn't think to their bird. Captain Davies and Professor Sturluson, please follow me. Hermione, you must fetch your Phoenix and introduce her to your raven." While Odin and Hermione were away, I searched the ground for twigs, eventually cutting two twigs from a short tree. Frijjo stared at me the whole time, as I Witch-sculpted two spare whistles. I tucked one spare into each of my boots. Frijjo found this all very amusing, finally giving me a verbal jab "you are a very foolish little Witch not to have done that much sooner." As soon as Frijjo turned her back and walked away, I quickly sculpted two more spares, placing one in the upper pocket of what Hermione called my 'explorer outfit'. Both the shirt and the pants were made of hemp and had numerous pockets. The outfit was far more practical than robes for... well for just about everything. To the raven-less, Odin declared "not to worry. The ravens don't make friends with everyone. Some are wolf-persons, others raven-person, or horse-persons. They all love Odin. Almost every animal does. Now we are prepared to safely enter seid-space." We will do so in teams of three of you and one of us. I'll lead Captain Davies, Hermione, Daphne Greengrass, and Aagog's sister." Frijjo will lead Ginny, Barb, Colonel Cholmondeley, and Aagog." As Odin set off with his team, Frijjo whispered at me "see, Odin taunts me with one of the Acromantula. Where's your bird? We'll need Blacky in there, I'm not going to depend upon a spider." "I think he's in seid-space. I've summoned him." "You could have done that earlier, but fine, you're not much of a planner. We'll start with identifying weave colors and tying, and untying knows." Blacky arrived at that moment, which reinforced my sense that Frijjo was just looking for things in order to lord it over me and continue our personal cold war. But it wasn't a personal war. It was Britain versus her goal of personal power and glory at almost any cost. Not surprisingly, we began our instruction with the glowing-slime crystal and tying and untying knots. I had as good an eye as any in our group, when it came to identify faintly different shades of colour and extrapolating to what they would look like in different lighting. Frijjo had brought two other lights with her for this purpose, one of which was quite bright, but very necessary to safely travel the ribbon in the dark. Yes, I was discovering that seid-space has a night-time and that was the time Odin had chosen for this lesson. After over an hour of this activity, Frijjo had announced that we would march along the ribbon and then she would pick a spot for us to dismount. I was wondering how she would choose a suitable dismount spot, since it was also dark in the world outside this part of seid-space. Of course, I had no way of knowing whether we were passing through the present or the past. It was impossible to tell which of Odin's worlds lay outside of the ribbon, although I hadn't noticed any of the pronounced up- or down-slants, which I associated with moving to a different world. After marching for what seemed like an hour, I felt that we were still in Asgard's past or present. Neither Frijjo nor Odin had seemed comfortable with travel into the future. Frijjo suddenly stopped and took a seat upon the ribbon. I also sat and pulled out my water bottle and one of my rolls, thinking that this was a rest break. That thought was dispelled as Frijjo announced in a loud, commanding voice "okay, this is where all of you get off. I'll see you all back at your camp, unless you fail this test. Go. Go! I have other things I must do today. Oh, don't forget you can't just dismount and get right back onto the ribbon. I'll stay here a while and just order you right back off if you return too quickly. You need to explore enough to be able to tell me where and when you are. That's the question I'll be asking upon your return. Good luck." I got up and led my little team off the ribbon and into real space. I took a sip of the water and shoved the roll back into a pocket. As soon as we left the ribbon, Aagog scrambled up my body and sat upon my shoulders. "I smell spiders!" she alerted me. I thanked Aagog and explained the situation to the rest of the group. We were clearly in the distant past of Asgard, somewhere in its primordial forest, complete with many, many Acromantula. I asked Aagog if she thought she would be able to speak to the spiders and convince them that we were friendly. "Language change. I think so. I am with you. They see that; decide you are friend. I hope!" I declared an official rest break, explaining "we need to wait until it is light enough to get our bearings on the spot where we left the ribbon. We'll just sit here, at least all except a watch guard, facing the ribbon, until it is light enough to see landmarks. Don't get scared and start shooting. If any spiders come along, we need them to see Aagog and hope that persuades them to be friendly." "What if they decide we stole an infant spider?" a surprisingly frightened Colonel Cholmondeley asked. I was sufficiently concerned about her level of anxiety that I asked her to make certain her trigger lock was on. I was sufficiently anxious myself, that I told everyone that a small swig of the liquid luck was in order. My team didn't require any persuading. Aagog's warning had frightened us of this dark forest and of every sound we heard. We heard a lot of sounds. Some of the sounds were clearly birds. Unfortunately, other sounds had to be from ground animals. I sent Blacky aloft to do a quick scout of the area. She was gone half an hour. She had killed a small bird and was prepared to eat it, but first she jumped up on my shoulder and showed me what she had seen. There was a small herd of four deer-like animals, but no giant spiders in sight. Of course, it's easier to hide a black spider, even a very large one, at night, than it is to hide four deer. I think Blacky recognized that obvious fact and watched the deer for most of her half hour aloft. Nothing attacked them and they showed no sign of panic. I took this to be a good sign. We ate, drank, and chatted. Our fear receded into the background – always there, but no longer oppressive. As the first light of dawn appeared, we knew the definitive direction which was west. Don't ask me why, that's just the way it is on Asgard, unlike Terra or Vanaheimer. I hadn't needed any confirmation beyond "I smell spiders!" to be certain which world we were on, but this was at least confirmation. The spot where we left the ribbon was due west of where we were seated. It was dark enough to detect the faint shimmer in the air. I paced off the distance. It was the same hundred feet I had paced off when we dismounted the ribbon. "Is Frijjo trying to kill us, sending us back to the time of the giant spiders?" Colonel Cholmondeley thought this highly likely. I told my team that we should give at least serious consideration to the possibility that we were brought to this time and place for a reason. I could think on only one reason. "I have a hunch that we are near Odin's well," I told the team. "That is important to visit, and it makes sense that the ribbon would run very close to that well. Yggdrasil is the center of everything. Our task is to find the well, without getting lost." "Or eaten," Barb corrected me. We gathered sticks and stones to build a marker at the exact point where we needed to remount the ribbon. I told the team that we had less than a day to explore, and then we must return. I blew my whistle to summon Blacky. I looked at what he had just seen from the air. There was no apparent danger. I instructed him to search for the well from the air and then immediately come back to me. "Your conclusion on why we were sent to this place makes sense," Barb told me. "But why this time?" "Only four times make any sense to me: before any Aesir, post the Light Guardian, found the well; when Odin's predecessor - his name escapes me at the moment - found the well; when Odin found the well; and when the Aesir burned the forest to kill the spiders. Some of those times are far scarier than others." Blacky returned to my shoulder. There was a mound a half mile ahead, which he thought was the mound of the well. I relayed this information to the team, suggested we might want to make a quick return to the ribbon to renew our twenty-four-hour window. I told them that it also might help to have Aagog's mother with us, if we were about to meet unfamiliar Acromantula. She would be proof that we hadn't kidnapped an immature spider. I whispered instructions to my team. Secretly, I wanted to make certain that Frijjo wasn't on the ribbon and spying upon us. We marched back onto the ribbon. Frijjo was there. She complained that we hadn't spent enough time off the ribbon. "Place is Asgard, only a hundred feet from Yggdrasil's well. Time is before the pre-Odin Aesir burnt the forest to kill the Acromantula. Our assignment is complete, and I can't believe you just dumped us, without warning, in a forest full of Acromantula." I whispered to each of my team members, as I gave each a congratulatory pat on the back. As I finished, I spoke a hearty "well done, all. I think we passed that test." "Don't be such a child. I stayed to protect you. You had Aagog to speak with the spiders on your behalf. You should have been fine. Yes, there was a very small amount of danger, but this was a test of your bravery and ingenuity as much as it was a test of your skills. I must say, you failed the bravery part of the test. I thought your natural curiosity would lead you to at least explore the well. I guess I over-estimated you. You're just a scared little Witch." "I intend to explore the well. We wanted to reset our twenty-four-hour time limit, try to recruit one of our adult Acromantula so it didn't look like we had kidnapped Aagog, and make certain you weren't back here spying on us. You may be 'protecting' us from the safety of the ribbon, but somehow I feel less safe with you here." It all happened very fast. Blacky screeched; Colonel Cholmondeley shouted for Aagog not to bite; Aagog said "I bite very hard"; Frijjo turned and searched for Aagog. Barb and I touched wand tips and shouted "Off!" Frijjo was gooped where she fell, her hands fixed at her sides and her eyes and hands covered. "Not much time guys. Blacky and Aagog retrace our steps and bring back an adult Acromantula from Odin's property. The rest of us search for the branching from the ribbon, which I know must be here and must lead to the entrance from Yggdrasil to seid-space."
Chapter 14 – Are We Trapped In Time? I knew where, if not exactly when, I was, and I knew exactly where Yggdrasil was. I had stood on the narrow side of the lake, at Yggdrasil's base, many times. I should be able to apparate to Yggdrasil. Except, I couldn't. I had tried multiple times and felt a level of resistance far stronger than I had ever felt, even in those instances when I had been completing a field assignment to sense what it felt like to Apparate into the centre of a stone wall. The difference was scary. Exactly what lay between me and Yggdrasil. I had tried to Apparate back to our camp, to Valhalla, to the White Columns in Valaskjalf. I was completely blocked. Barb and I each grabbed a slime lamp and led the search for the pathway to Yggdrasil. We were looking for either a side path or a large amount of weaving, which might block the side path. I thought the weaving was likely to be extremely old, so I was looking for very faded knots. I didn't mention this to my team, because I didn't want to discourage them from following their own hunches. Before we began the search, I had tried, yet again, to communicate with any of the Black Stones, particularly Yggdrasil. We were right next to Yggdrasil, why couldn't I speak to it? I knew that we were very far from our own time. The Yggdrasil of this era didn't know me at all. It probably didn't even know that Terra, our Earth, was inhabited by thinking beings. It certainly didn't expect that some of those beings were magical. I knew how to speak to a Stone. I thought that, even as a total stranger to it, that Yggdrasil ought to be able to hear my call. I wore my Keeper ring. I carried three wands with small purple diamonds. I adjusted my call precisely to the pitch, which Odin taught me to use in addressing Yggdrasil. I could not get a response. Perhaps Yggdrasil slept. Perhaps one could only attract its attention by standing beside the lake, beneath the well. I was trying to find a branching path from the ribbon, which would allow me to do exactly that. As I thought, I continued to examine the knots along the travel ribbon. How could I possibly be so far back in time? I had walked the ribbon with both Odin and Frijjo. Never had I travelled anything close to even a thousand years back in time. I had covered barely a hundred years on much longer walks than we had taken today. It was clear that Frijjo had chosen a very special piece of ribbon to march us along. It had been too dark to truly get a sense of where we were or where we had walked, but I couldn't help thinking we must have travelled on a blocked section of ribbon, which she had opened especially for this trip. That certainly hinted of treachery. I again rued that I couldn't read when Frijjo lied. That left me so helpless and subject to manipulation. I heard an excited shout from Barb. "I think this is it!" Colonel Cholmondeley and I rushed forward as quickly as we could. We had to drag or levitate Frijjo wherever we went. Barb was about thirty feet behind us. As we approached, she pointed with her wand at a large oval of pale knots, as she held the lamp up against the weave with her other arm. It was certainly very old weaving, if it was not a part of the original path of history. I stared at the wall of knots all around us. I could not find any moving pictures to show what history was locked in the knots. Apparently, the pictures could die as they aged. "I didn't want to just go ahead and start hacking away at this big section of weaving, but I thought it must block a wide section of ribbon. It seemed dangerous to explore on my own." "You were wise to pause," I assured Barb. Perhaps if you and the Colonel just cut a little circle in the center, we will be able to see what, if anything, lies beyond. These knots look ancient and Odin warned us that a pathway, which has been blocked for a long time, can wither and die. It could vanish at any instance, obliterating anything or anyone on that section of ribbon." Barb and Colonel Cholmondeley seemed to enjoy hacking away at the knots. I guess it was an acceptable way for members of a warrior society to work off the stress born of severe anxiety, when showing fear would be unacceptable. I couldn't deny that I was frightened. Barb and I lobbed balls of light as far beyond the hole as we could. There definitely was ribbon and a path as far as we could see. I'm sure we were able to see at least twenty feet, probably closer to thirty, beyond the barrier. "That's very strange," I told my team. "Everything which Odin taught me says this path should have totally collapsed well over a thousand years ago. It didn't. It looks as wide and as unobstructed as the ribbon we're standing on. That can't be right. Wait... I need the the other bright light Frijjo was carrying, the one that shows colors more accurately. The slime lamp is a little too dim." "I'll get it," Barb volunteered. I led us all in completely emptying Frijjo's pockets and rucksack. She carried a lot more food and water than the rest of us did. She also carried Odin's anti-Apparation device. I turned it off. We split up all her possessions. I took the pendant and necklace in the hope that I could use it to turn on the magical circle, which I imagined lying at the end of this section of ribbon. "I'm hoping that this is the only reason that I've been unable to Apparate." I pointed at Odin's device. Nope. I couldn't reach Yggdrasil in this time and I couldn't reach Odin's property in our own time. I didn't want to reach Odin's property in this time and find myself even deeper into the forest and without even the protection which Aagog might provide. We truly seemed to be trapped in time. I grabbed the light and walked back to the cut section of the knotted weave. "It's pink!" I shouted. "It's been dyed, or painted, or something to make it look much older than it really is. This barrier likely is quite new." The other's gathered around me for a close look. "Yes, tear it down!" Barb shouted as a battle cry. We hacked away at the knots with so much abandon, that I felt a need to warn: "please be careful near the edges of the barrier. We don't want to harm the original weave." Even taking proper precautions, the barrier was quickly eliminated. I shone the bright light ahead of us. There wasn't even an appreciable layer of dust upon the ribbon. I felt only mild trepidation as we walked into this newly revealed side branch. We had to stop every fifteen feet to go back and drag Frijjo forward. We had traveled about a hundred feed and not encountered either obstacle or threat. Barb decided we would make better speed if she simply levitated Frijjo along beside her. We travelled another fifty or so feet like this, seeing no edits in the weave and no narrowing of the path. We were encased in weave, extending all the way around and beneath the ribbon in a circle. The weave looked truly ancient. I loosened a knot on the side wall and shone the light upon it. There was no change in color inside the knot. The paleness wasn't trickery, this weave was ancient. I shone the light ahead. There seemed to be a partial barrier about 40 feet ahead. I thought I could see something beyond the barrier. As we neared the barrier, I was certain that the ribbon path continued beyond it. It was an incredibly loose weave, with two-inch gaps within the weave. The light shone through the coarse weave and revealed a more substantial barrier about thirty feet ahead of us. As Barb drew even with me, she dropped Frijjo. There was a soft thud as she hit the ribbon. "Another problem," Barb reported. "My wand is growing weak very fast. I couldn't have moved her even five more feet." "Of course! I've been stupid. Frijjo has taken us to a place where there is no magical force for us to draw upon. The magic we stored is all we've got. We must be very careful not to waste any more of it. And then there is this." I pointed to a foot high by two feet wide sign of thin silver with gold writing on it. The language was not quite Aesir. I could pick out almost unchanged words for 'God' and 'Danger'. The sign must be truly ancient. Perhaps it had even been written by the Light Guardian. "Let's take a rest for some food and water, while I try to search my mind for saved memories of this language. I know I could interpret it, if I could tie into Yggdrasil or our Black Stone, but I can't do that. I have only what Hermione taught me and some ancient priestess knowledge. I think perhaps if I try to think between the ancient language of the Vanir royals and Aesir, I might be able to come close to interpreting this. I have two rolls and these two pieces of fruit and I certainly am sharing." The others said they had followed my lead at the breakfast table and carried about the same amount of provisions, so sharing wasn't required. We each drank and ate. I limited myself to one roll and one piece of strange fruit. The fruit was good, if a little bruised from riding in my pocket. Thinking of royal Vanir helped me a little with the sign. "I think the sign says something like 'Danger! A great God sleeps beyond. There is a price for the magic you seek.' That's more than a little scary, knowing that Odin sacrificed an eye and that little on these worlds can match the power of Yggdrasil. I'm sure he is the God who sleeps beyond this point. I think it is even chancier to risk the forest and the well likely just leads to the same lake and Yggdrasil as the ribbon does. We could go back and either await rescue or chance the forest. Does anybody else see another option, because I'm not wild about any of those three? If Frijjo sought to lure us into a trap, I fear that we are well and truly trapped. I guess the other option is to wake and question Frijjo." "No, I'm convinced it is best to force her to remain asleep. She caused this danger. She'll only make it worse, if she has any ability to act." That was Barb, by the way. Colonel Cholmondeley was determined to press forward. I could tell that she didn't believe in Gods. She hadn't seen the Light Guardian, or the dark Gods we had fought, or even an enraged Frijjo. Still, I had to agree with her. I'd sooner face an Yggdrasil unhappy at being prematurely awakened than face hundreds of enraged Acromantula. I suggested that we carefully cut the weave at one edge of the ribbon and do so very carefully, so that we could re-tie it later and so that we didn't damage the weave encircling the path. We'd cut just enough knots to squeeze past this porous barrier. The cautious approach meant it took us an hour to do the work, including loosely knotting the loose threads near the sidewall, to avoid any chance of unravelling. This stretch of ribbon was basically a tunnel for its entire length. I felt that must be protection against an unknown, but very dangerous, something. We squeezed through the crack we had created, then it took all three of us straining our backs to drag Frijjo through and pull her loose from the tangles. The solid barrier I had spotted from beyond the warning barrier was a stone wall at the point where the ribbon path took a hard right. We followed a narrower path for twenty yards but bumped up against another rock wall. This made no sense. The path had to lead somewhere, and we had to be very close to the Yggdrasil cavern. I was convinced that, like the entry hall to the Goblin cavern beneath London, the Yggdrasil cavern was protected by a magicked phoney wall. I didn't know which of the two choices was the phoney one. I thought the original path, before the turn, was oriented toward where Yggdrasil must be. It also made a better ruse, since the natural reaction was to follow the right turn and assume that its end was blocked by a phony wall. I positioned myself right in front of the point at the end of the original path, which would have been dead center, had the turn not existed. I took my Mother ring to rub away that barrier, giving my Keeper ring to Barb. She would test the wall at the end of the narrow tunnel off the turning. It didn't take long to determine that I was working on the phoney wall. I broke through in a small area. I summoned Barb to help me. Between us, we scraped a big enough gap for our party to walk through. It was easy. There wasn't enough magic here to sustain the phoney wall and it had already lost strength. We walked through the opening into what was obviously the cavern and lake of Yggdrasil, although the cavern was a little narrower and less high than in our day. I knew that streams cut caverns and chasms, but didn't that take many thousands of years to produce noticeable change? How far in the past were we? Even before we stepped into the cavern, I heard the waterfall, where the small stream flowing out of the lake dove into a chasm. Before I had stood on the narrow edge of the lake. Now we were on the wide edge, although less wide than in our time. "Watch for spiders," I warned. I dearly wished I still had Aagog and Blacky with me. They could smell spiders. They could also smell a hanging Aesir. I held one of the bright lights and Colonel Cholmondeley the other as we slowly walked along the lake shore. Barb tried to drag Frijjo behind us. "Just leave her up against the cavern wall, as far from the water as possible. Everyone be alert! In our time, there were some truly nasty fish in this lake. One almost took Frijjo's arm off in less than half a minute. I'm going to assume they're still present in the lake." That posed a problem. Yggdrasil was on the other side of the lake and I wasn't sure I had enough magic to Apparate there and back, or even just there. Also, that opposite shoreline was even narrower than it is in our time. I sat down on the lake shore directly opposite Yggdrasil. I concentrated very hard and tried multiple ways to establish communication. There was no response. I was carrying one of Hermione's full-size purple diamonds and I had Frijjo's pendant, which could turn on a purple-diamond circle, but I had no crystals or silver wire with which to build such a circle. Unless the rock I was sitting on was lodestone, I was also lacking that. I realised that I had hoped that the ancients had left a de-energised circle for a relatively advanced people to find and turn on. We hadn't found one. I shouldn't have been as surprised as I was. There was no circle or obvious remains of a circle in this cavern in our time. "That was most unsatisfactory. Let's at least walk to the end of the lake." We walked. The lake shore narrowed to nothing. We couldn't quite approach the narrowest part. I knew that the carnivorous fish were accomplished leapers. As in our time, there was no way to safely walk along this edge to the other side of the lake. We returned to the point directly opposite Yggdrasil. Should I Apparate to that narrow opposite shore and try to use the pendant to re-start Yggdrasil. Was it worth the risk knowing that the pendant was almost certainly younger than the time in which Yggdrasil slept? I didn't want to just turn around and go back. I feared that we had followed a path from our time which only Frijjo knew about and that it was a difficult path. Could Blacky and Aagog find their way back to our time and then lead rescuers to us? I lacked confidence that this was the case. We might very well be on our own. I was tempted to try Frijjo's pendant from this distance but didn't want to waste magical energy on a too distant attempt that might become my only chance. The pendant was supposed to be able to operate a circle from twenty to thirty feet away. Was I that close now? I couldn't convince myself that I was. "I know, it's a tough decision," Colonel Cholmondeley interrupted my thoughts. "I think you need to Apparate across the lake." "Way too dangerous," Barb spoke instantly. "Ginny is important. We can't lose her." "She is our leader. Sometimes the purpose of a leader is to take risks, when only they have a chance at success. Ginny has a better chance of successfully Apparating than you do. Once she Apparates, she has a far, far better chance of re-starting Yggdrasil and being accepted by it. Likely her mind bears more of the imprint of the Light Guardian than yours does." "Okay," Barb relented. "I will be prepared to rescue Ginny, if need be." I focused upon a spot almost flush against the stone wall on the other side of the lake. There was too little space between Yggdrasil and the lake to chance that. My landing spot was about ten feet to the left of Yggdrasil. The shore seemed widest at that point. Other than that, I couldn't tell you why I chose to land so far from Yggdrasil. Perhaps I feared I would somehow startle it into lashing out, if I suddenly appeared almost up against it. I had one of the bright lights turned on and hung from my waist. I focused upon my landing spot and about four inches above the lake shore. I couldn't risk coming in too high and somehow rolling or sliding into that lake. I put my Keeper and Mother rings onto my two unused wands, concentrated as hard as I could. I didn't even feel a churn as I appeared just two inches above the far shore of the lake. I steadied myself, grabbed the light, lofting it above my head as I started to walk toward Yggdrasil. I saw Yggdrasil's mirror blackness, and... the biggest Acromantula I had ever seen, hanging inertly by four of its legs, at the same spot from which I had hung. The spider didn't stir. I edged as close to the lake as I safely could and moved to within four feet of Yggdrasil, which was as close to the spider as I was willing to go. I held my breath and kept a wand in my left hand, as I touched the central purple diamond of the pendant.
Chapter 15 – The Way Things Really Were As I felt Yggdrasil coming back to life, I forced myself to move onto the narrow strip of solid ground between it and the water. I pressed my back against its smooth stone surface, sensed the faint vibrations and beginnings of warmth and then reached with my mind to introduce myself. "Hi Yggdrasil, I'm Ginny. You don't know me yet. I'm the Mother of the Future from my time and I guess from my community." I waited. I waited a full minute, then the almost familiar voice appeared in my head. I don't know any Ginny. What sort of name is that. It doesn't sound Aesir or Vanir. "I'm from the future. I don't know how far in the future, but I think a very long time. I'm from what you call, or at least will call in the future, Terra. I came here from Asgard, through seid-space." It is strange that I don't know you. I can tell that you have a piece of me in your head. If you know of Asgard, Vanaheimr, Terra, and seid-space, then you know a lot. Why are you here and what do you want of me. I have dozed, not by my own choice, since the Aesir Gods departed as uncorporeals. I was ordered to sleep until suitable successors arrived. The remaining Aesir never contacted me. Either they didn't try or they lacked the skill. The Acromantula did find me and make an effort at contact as they climbed down the well and climbing up my sides. The rules allowed me to awaken to a half-dozing state. I have communed with the wisest of the Acromantula, imparting what knowledge they were able to grasp and affording what little protection and guidance I was able to provide. "My piece of rock is from your off-spring on Terra. I came to Asgard to study how to interpret, weave, and protect history in seid-space and how to repair and build a White Column. Odin and Frijjo were supposed to teach me, but I think Frijjo lured me here to die. And my official full name is Ginevra Weasley Potter. I'd like to figure out when I am, what happened on Asgard to cause the Aesir Gods to leave and to decide that you to sleep, and why an incredibly large Acromantula hangs where Odin and I hung. That suggests that he or she is far more advance in learning seid and magic than I am. I've learned that seid-space is the natural domain of the Acromantula, but we saw or smelled none during our journey here. Aagog did smell them in the forest. Aagog is an immature, but very talented, Acromantula. We do have Acromantula on my world. They were the only ones known to exist in our time. We just brought some of them to Asgard. Odin encouraged us to do this. That was in my time, but I've summoned some of them and hope they will be here soon. I need to get back to my own time. I couldn't make contact with any of the Black Stones, until I brought you out of your doze with the royal pendant of the Vanir. I'd like to talk to you more. In my time, Yggdrasil had a very nice library in which I could visit as a spirit or in my body and talk to it. Can I do that here and now? I'd rather come in my body, because I am afraid to leave my body where it is. I know there are carnivorous fish in this late and I'm also afraid of a starved Acromantula, who doesn't know me. Fear not, you are with me. I can order the fish not to approach the shore. Baalak is a gentle soul and will not harm you if I label you friend. She would starve first. She is the leader of what Acromantula remain. The Aesir hunt them mercilessly. She is also my source of information from the outside world, but she has been as you see her for more than one of your years. She is a thinker, not a fighter, and seeks a way to save her people. Her people were respected when the Gods ruled Asgard, but now that they are gone, the common folk are removing that which frightens them. I try my best to stop the slaughter, but the Gods forced me into near-sleep and imposed rules. Baalak's spirit wanders and reports back to me. Apart from my children, I have no other source of information. I cannot think properly without a lot of information. You must feed me. Free your spirit form and I will bring you to me. "I have two friends and a prisoner across the lake. May I message them through you?" Yes. Tell them them they may join you. I will take them bodily into myself. It's easier if you also keep your body, if, as I sense, your prisoner is in unaware mode. Best that you all be in the same mode. Just tell them to stand in a group on the opposite shore and to all hold hands, even the prisoner. I conveyed that message and my situation. I told Barb that if she should be able to Apparate Frijjo to the appropriate position across the lake from me. She must tap into the magic now flowing from Yggdrasil. We were soon in Yggdrasil's ancient parlour. It was dimly lit by wall sconces, carpeted in sewn-together brown fur swirled with back, and furnished entirely in crystal furniture with soft cushions. We were seated on small cushions atop the fur carpet, with a short crystal table in front of us. Frijjo lay on the carpet, unconscious and gooped. There was a very large stuffed cushion in the corner of the room farthest from us. I thought I knew its purpose. Yggdrasil confirmed my guess. Welcome to myself. Baalak's spirit will join us, shortly. I invited her to come in body, but she says she is weak enough that if she wakes her body, it must feed and remain awake. You must wake this Frijjo and free her body, so I may speak with her. We compromised on talking a little without waking her and then waking Frijjo and uncovering her eyes, but keeping the gloves on and her arms gooped to her sides. This was an excellent precaution. Frijjo was furious. "It's just that it seemed as though Frijjo was trying to cause our deaths," I asserted to back-up nods from my companions. "This was meant to be a simple initial training exercise in mounting and re-mounting the traveling ribbon of time. We weren't warned that we needed to pack for a multi-day ordeal. We were marched here at night, so we couldn't see the path we were taking and then chucked off the ribbon into a dark forest. We deduced that we were in the forest near the well. My raven confirmed the nearness of the well. As I said, Aagog smelled the presence of many spiders. I'm convinced they were about to kill us. When we escaped back to the ribbon, also to re-group and to re-start our twenty-four hour period of easiest re-mount, we found Frijjo was still there - six hours after we left the ribbon. She said she was there to protect us, but we didn't believe her so we used a curse to temporarily turn off her mind. I'll feel far more comfortable if you can tell us when we are, before we wake her up. That will put us on a more even footing. I should tell you that we didn't come here by the well, although Barb, Aagog and I have been that route in the future. We came by way of a section of ribbon, which had recently been woven shut. The weave was treated to make it look very old, but it was pink inside the knots. We came to another loose barrier, with a warning sign that basically said 'Danger! A powerful God sleeps inside." The path ended in a phony stone wall, which we had to scrape away with my Mother and Keeper rings. That's how we got here. I fear that if Frijjo wanted to kill us, then the most dangerous time to bring us would be the day when the Aesir burned the great forest to kill all of the Acromantula. Since Aagog smelled them in the forest, and you have one, we probably haven't come to that day yet. It also could have been when the Aesir Gods left Asgard, or when Odin or his predecessor found you, but I think you've eliminated those possibilities. . I think it must be the fire. We have to warn the spiders!" You terrify me. I am sending a warning to Baalak and the other Acromantula. I understand that Baalak listens and has heard all. The fire you describe has not happened yet, but the Aesir have acted strangely since their Gods assumed spirit form and left them. They think that without their Gods, that they are helpless and that the spiders will kill them. Baalak's spirit will be here very soon. The other spiders are trying to either escape from the forest or seek refuge beside my lake. This is most serious and I am now wide awake. I have yet to meet Odin or the one you call his predecessor. The Gods departed only five years ago. The Aesir and Acromantula have fought a low intensity war since then, with the Acromantula not permitted to enter the prairie or farm land. I thanked Yggdrasil. We then honored our side of the bargain and awakened Frijjo. "Where am I and why did you attack me. I was teaching you." We removed her blindfold, but the goop and gloves stayed on. She fought her bonds in frustration. "You were leading us into a trap in ancient times. As to where and when you are: you are inside Yggdrasil, in whichever time you led us to." "We must leave at once. I took us to the night before the Aesir burned the forest to kill the last of the spiders." I received a strong mental blast from Baalak, whose spirit had joined us. My people are being killed and you didn't warn them. You wanted them to die. I must try to save them. "It is dangerous to change history. I admit I don't want your kind ruling our worlds. Legend says that the fires began just after noon. What time is it." As you should know, it is just coming up noon. I have told my people they must fight to create a path for others to flee. They are surrounded. They already smell smoke. They will break out. They won't spare the Aesir murderers. I've told those too weak to run that they must shelter in the well. Our fighters fight and die. I go to assist in spirit. "What can we do?" I asked her. Very little. You are only three and my people would slay you as Aesir. Don't let this one loose. I sense she has more treachery planned. Bring my body inside Yggdrasil. It should be safe there. If not, take yourselves and my body to a safe place. I carry two last eggs. You must use them to save my people. I think that is what you have already done, if you have some of my people with you. Reinforcements arrived. There were two giant spiders, Aagog, Hermione, Cissy, Odin, and Captain Davies. I explained the problem. We left Yggdrasil to recover Baalak's body. The two adult spiders freed the body. Hermione and I Apparated it inside Yggdrasil. We barely made it. The cavern was filled floor-to-ceiling with smoke from the forest fire and the smoke was becoming thicker and thicker. The fire was spreading incredibly fast. This must be something akin to Fiendfyre. No natural forest fire could move that fast. All of our spiders called out for any fellow Acromantula inside the cavern. There was no answer. The adult male insisted upon climbing the well. I promised to await his return. He motioned us back into Yggdrasil. This was his personal responsibility to the spider King. I asked his name. He told me Boldgog. I wished him well, as he was already climbing the well. Yggdrasil told me that he was sending magical energy to Boldgog, so that he barely needed to breathe. I Apparated back to Yggdrasil's parlour. Frijjo was still raging at my companions, but turned against me as soon as she noticed my return. "You tamper with history. That is a terrible crime." "Which you do every day you are in seid-space," I reminded her. "I am a Goddess, who knows what I am doing. You are a foolish and scared little Witch who thinks she understands far more than she actually does. This was all a part of the lesson you must learn. You must be able to find a way out of danger. You must learn you can't save everyone. This already happened long before any of us was born. All I did was bring you here to witness it. The Acromantula had to die" "That was not the lesson I told you to teach the Questers," Odin thundered. "That was VERY far from what I intended and what you agreed to do. That would have been a very challenging lesson in the dark in a safe place. You sent them where my ancestors were too frightened to go with any weapons, supplies, and preparations they wished. You just dropped them there without warning." Boldgog returns with two survivors. I will draw them to me. "Ginny already knew a lot - more than you realize. What she NEEDED to learn was to get over her childish sentimentality and desire to save everyone. The fate of the Acromantula was decided very long ago. Ginny's job was to learn when and where she was and then return home. Her job was to protect and save her team. She wasted time and risked her own life trying vainly to save the Acromantula." I decided that a bluff was called for, if I was to learn the whole truth: "I saw your edits in seid-space. You were at that point of time. You could have saved them. You at least could have saved many of them. You chose not to do that." "It is not like there are no Acromantula left. You have them on your world. Odin stupidly allowed you to bring them to Asgard and seid-space. That is foolish misplaced guilt on his part. Those giant spiders are dangerous. Odin did what he did in part so that I can't linger in most parts of seid-space. He wants to strip me of my strongest tool. You are his new favorite. He has cast me aside." "I have not abandoned you. I gave you gold and silver to help your cause on Vanaheimr. I sent Ginny and her Questers to repair magic on Vanaheimr. I..." "You do not order them to fight for me. I need to fight my way to the throne. I have many opponents. "You could have saved my people and you did not. You did not even warn them. You brought your student to watch them die." "Yes. I won't apologize for that." Boldgog bit her. He bit her very hard. He moved too fast for me to stop him. Odin was much closer to Frijjo, but made no move to stop Boldgog. Boldgog staggered away from Frijjo. Three thoughts flashed in my mind as surprising realizations. The Acromantula didn't actually speak English. I hadn't learned their language from the Light Guardian, because they didn't have a language. They communicated telepathically. I also realized that Boldgog was dying. He had exposed himself to too much heat and smoke. We would try to save him, but I wasn't at all sure that we could. Finally, I realized that while Odin was unable to bring himself to act strongly egainst or to harm Frijjo, he was perfectly willing to allow another to kill her. He hadn't tried to stop Boldgog. He wasn't rushing to tend to her or to rush back to his laboratory for the potion which might save her. She was correct that he had abandoned her, but I was convinced that the moment of abandonment had come in the last five minutes. Trying to save Frijo would fall to Hermione and me. Of course Hermione had save some of the potion Frijjo had brewed when Aagog bit her in what seemed another lifetime ago. Hermione handed me the bottle and went to help Boldgog. Frijjo was just conscious enough to drink from the bottle I pressed to her lips. I flowed some magical energy into her. Yggdrasil encouraged me to do this. I prefer that as many as possible live. I don't want any to die until I at least understand what is happening and whether anyone is too evil to live, rather than just too foolish and resentful to be a good citizen at the moment. I am also helping Hermione. This space is the best charging oval you could find. I apologize, reading your mind became a necessity. "Now you're actually trying to save me," Frijjo's hoarse whisper was too flat to convey what must have been a combination of astonishment and bafflement at my continuing sentimentality. "Release my arms so I can at least die in relative comfort." "Not a chance. I don't trust what you will do." I continued to pour magic into Frijjo. Before Boldgog bit her, I had reached the decision that I could not help her rule Vanaheimr. I also could not just let her die. After a few minutes I realized that Odin was helping me. I left Frijjo to Odin and walked across the room to help Cissy tend to the female spider whom Boldgog had guided to safety. She was in amazingly good condition. The male was beyond saving. I used the same pain-blocking spell we had used on Fang. This brave spider apparently had used his body to shield the female from the worst of the heat. Not knowing how to treat a female Acromantula, I took my best guess and used the potion and lotion we had used on Fang. Hermione had brought that in her carry-all bag. I simply did an 'Accio' to retrieve them. I knew, without ever being told, that they would be there. I still had some water left and I urged the spider to drink some. I used a cooling spell. I poured magical energy into her. I think this all helped. Baalak's spirit had returned to her body. She thanked both Boldgog and the male spider for saving the female. She learned that the male spider's name was Brrrlo. "You will be remembered in the annals of our people among our greatest heroes. You sacrificed yourself to save an egg-carrying female, so that our people may survive. I show you proof that our people survive on another future world. He urged Aagog and the other adult spider, Analog, to come forward and thank Brrrlo for their and their people's existence. Again, thank you Brrrlo. Your name will be remembered. It's time for you to go." Turning to me she said "I sense that you have a curse, which will relieve Brrrlo of his suffering. I will try to guide his spirit to freedom, then you must act for Brrrlo's own good. It is good that you stopped his pain." Baalak hovered over Brrrlo's body for hours. We all wished to maintain a respectful near-silence. We continued to attempt to heal Boldgog and the injured female. Aagog and Analog spun a strong cloth of fine spider silk, with which to wrap the rescued female spider. We still didn't know her name. Baalak tapped me on my left shoulder, with one of her legs. "It is time for Brrrlo to die. I have freed his spirit. It will live on the road of time. Do what you must. Please. Do it in kindness. "Off! 'Avada Kedavral. I led a Light Guardian service for the dead. Not just for Brrrlo, but for all of the Acromantula, and also Aesir, who died on this day. I sensed the presence of the spirit of Brrro and added a service for the freed spirit.
Chapter 16 – What Went Wrong? Frijjo was not looking good at all. Hermione had a little of the potion left. Working together, she and I, with an assist from Yggdrasil, visualised the location of her stomach and sort of 'Apparated' the potion there. Of course, it wasn't a normal Apparate. It called upon lore deep in Yggdrasil's memory. We had no idea if this approach would work. We couldn't really tell if a liquid versus Frijjo splinch of sorts had taken place. It was encouraging that she wasn't throwing up blood in the hour after we did what we did. Odin had thought this approach safer than pouring it down her throat while she was unconscious. It was Yggdrasil who first suggested this approach. As I read back over these last sentences, I seem to be frantically shifting blame for what happens next. I fear that what happens next is that Frijjo dies. Odin placed Hermione in charge of Frijjo and Cissy in charge of Boldgog. He declared that we must figure out how we managed to march from his property in our time to his property perhaps ten-thousand years earlier. He and Baalak must see everything in order to understand how the events of the past not-much-more-than-twenty-four hours could possibly have unfolded. Barb and I would lead the way back to seid-space. Blacky and Aagog, plus one of Odin's ravens, would lead us back to our time, examining key turnings along the way. Yes, if Britain must be represented, Colonel Cholmondeley could certainly come with us. I led Odin from Yggdrasil to the lake shore and along the shore to the waterfall. We were on the narrow shore. I mentioned that the shore was less deep and the cavern less everything, than what I knew from our time. "Yes, yes we are standing in a very long time ago. This was just the second time in my life that I stood in the presence of an Yggdrasil who did not know me. I've had known Yggdrasil a very long time. But we must keep moving. I'll Apparate us to the other shore." We arrived very smoothly, and I immediately led Odin to what was left of the phoney wall we had partially erased to gain entry to the Yggdrasil cavern. We had to erase the remainder of the barrier for Baalak to fit through the entrance. I experimented scratching away at the barrier with the Vanir pendant. It worked. I next scratched at the barrier with my knife. This did not work. Having observed the barrier from both sides, Odin concluded "This barrier is very old. It could well have been created by the Aesir Gods who formed the Light Guardian. It is clear to me that Frijjo never entered the cavern by this route." Aagog sniffed at what was left of the false barrier and confirmed that Odin was correct. That made little sense. Why would Frijjo and possibly Gna find this side path, follow it to an unlikely nowhere, and then take the effort to block the entrance from the travel ribbon, even disquising that woven barrier as ancient? They would only go to that effort if they thought this side ribbon to be important. We walked to the end of the narrow tunnel and turned left. We stopped at the loose-woven barrier so that Odin and Baalak could examine the knots and Odin could try to make sense of the metal sign. Rather than chat with them as they conducted their investigation, I chose to sit and consume the remainder of my water and food. I still had one of Frijjo's thick sandwiches, stuffed with the meat from some strange fowl, possibly a fowl from Vanaheimr. Thinking Baalak needed refueling more than I did, I passed her the sandwich. I felt a wordless thank you and the sandwich was consumed - poof! "The writing is before my time - very, very old." Odin assured me, declaring my translation to be as correct as was feasible. He wanted to examine the metals back at his lab and popped the sign into his backpack. We continued to walk along this side-branch of ribbon, when Odin called a halt and examined the weaving of the tube through which we walked. He pointed at several individual knots, thinking to Baalak "I've never seen a technique quite like this. It seems very old. I wished I had a more subtle light to get a better read on the exact shade of beige." I passed a slime lamp to Odin. He extracted a knife from his pocket, severing the weave within one very tight knot. He examined the weave, thread-by-thread, inside to out. He thought something to Baalak, which I failed to catch. I know that Baalak agreed. Baalak repaired the cut in the weave. It took a tight surrounding weave of spider silk to envelop the knot, which had been cut. "These knots were woven by we Acromantula," Baalak told me. "An adult could not create such a fine weave. Even your Aagog is almost too big." Aagog left my shoulders to climb the tube. She asked me to cut a second knot. Odin nodded approval, so I did as requested. As I was starting to cut, I received a further instruction from Aagog to only cut halfway through the knot. I hastily stayed my hand. I held the slime lamp as Aagog examined strand-by-strand, including the uncut strands. She took a lot longer than Baalak had and Odin looked impatient. "Definitely my people. Three work together. One smaller than me, two larger. I can see how they do this. It is old. No smell even inside knot." Baalak agreed. With such tightly woven knots crammed together, she should be able to get a whiff of her kind hundreds of years after the knot was woven. Within two hundred years she could identify the weaver. Interesting to know, but not a help with our problem. We pressed onward, walking without a break back to the main travel ribbon. Odin took one close look at the weaving which closed off this side ribbon and cursed. "This is the combined work of Frijjo and Gna. Neither was a good enough mimic of the other's style to obscure that conclusion. That is just an obvious big lie Frijjo tells to blame all on the dead. Ginny is correct, this weaving is very new. I put it at one to ten of Ginny's years." Both Baalak and Aagog demanded that I cut two more of the tighter, more closely packed knots. They were so excited that, despite Odin's clear impatience, I did as they wished. The spiders climbed atop their knots. I saw Aagog examining thread-by-thread. Baalak was too big for me to even guess what was happening beneath her huge belly. Baalak declared "Frijjo, the murderer." Aagog agreed on both counts. We turned onto the main ribbon and hiked back toward our time. After perhaps half an hour of walking, it was I who called a halt. I noticed moving pictures and wanted to get a closer look to try and place where we were in time. I saw people and fields and forest, but no buildings. I requested help from Odin. "Sorry, I recognize none of those people. They dress like ancient Aesir are said to have dressed. That's all I can tell you. Well, the landscape could well be Aesir. Since that's where we expect to be, that isn't surprising." I delayed the group by scanning quite a few more pictures. Success! I spotted the familiar well. Odin agreed it looked like his well. He told me he didn't believe I could learn anything of value here, so could we please just move on. We might find something that required urgent action. At the least, he needed to better understand how and why Frijjo had done what she had done. We marched onward. I repeated my old trick of dashing ahead to give myself time to scan a series of pictures, then sprinting ahead again to scan another set. I was on my sixth grouping of pictures and feeling quite winded, when the others again drew level with me. "Please," I begged. "This is tiring. Could you look at these and see if you recognise anybody? Here are two men and a woman and the well. Surely, we have passed by a lot of years, since you last studied the faces in the photos. Odin took pity on my condition. He shared his water with me as he looked at the picture I had pointed at. "Yes, of course I know them. They're younger than when I knew them, but the one in the center is old Mimir. He was Yggdrasil's favorite, until I came along, although he never Quested for Yggdrasil as I did. Frijjo's actual older brother Freyr led an army to Asgard. Mimir died in that fight. That's the reason I invaded Vanaheimer. Their aggression was not to be tolerated. The woman is my mother. I don't recognise the other man." "How long ago was this?" "I don't know. At least hundreds of your years older than I am. Perhaps a thousand. My mother lived a long time. Mim looked after her. Now, are you able to continue our march?" Of course, I was! What was so awful about learning what I could along the way. I continued to sprint ahead and study the photos. On my next sprint ahead, I saw that we'd come to the pointy end of a V branching - two possible paths onto the ribbon we had just travelled. The point of the V was laden with pictures. I saw Odin, and Vili, and Frijjo, and I assumed the fourth person must be Ve. I recognised the setting as the bridge by which I had entered Valaskjalf after dumping what I thought was Odin's comatose body at the entrance to a nearly airless world. This was earlier; Ve was long gone when I first met Frijjo and Vili. As Odin and the others stopped before the two possible paths, I called out to him "I've finally found you, and Frijjo, and both of your brothers." "Yes, I recognize us, but I sense that we must move very quickly. We must explore both paths." "But we must start by the path Frijjo used. Which way Aagog?" Aagog scurried off along the left fork. It was a strange path. It started as a normal, level ribbon, but after about a hundred feet it started a slow drop. That isn't unusual by itself, but the declination continued as far as I could see, even after we had walked several hundred feet. Odin also must have sensed a strangeness, because he stopped us and joined Baalak in examining the loose framework of webbing which rose around the ribbon. They examined the ribbon, itself. While they continued their examination, Aagog climbed me and requested that I cut the knot immediately next to my left shoulder. I did as she asked. "Gna!" Aagog told me. I announced this conclusion to Odin and Baalak. They seemed unsurprised. "It's Vanir-style weaving," Odin explained. We continued along the ribbon for many thousands of feet. We had gone as far as the distance up or down which I associated with moving between worlds. I realised the other part of what seemed odd. We had gone from a region modern enough that the pictures remained alive. Here there were no pictures. This ribbon had witnessed no history. After walking another thousand feet, I saw that we were approaching the end of our ribbon. There wasn't a wall or a barrier. I saw just empty space ahead of us. As I approached the empty space, I saw that we were coming to a tee. Our ribbon ended in the widest ribbon I had ever seen. It was also a very bright purple. This was a new ribbon color for me. Apparently also for Odin. "Yggdrasil told me of this, but my eyes have never seen it. Yggdrasil called it God-ribbon. They are very rare, and they are said to link the worlds. Gna must have found one. We must be extremely careful. These ribbons are said to move one very far, very fast, in either time or space. We must follow Aagog and go no farther than she tells us that you traveled with Frijjo. This ribbon must be explored thoroughly, but it will take many precautions and ravens to do so safely." "Which God made or owned this ribbon." "I don't know. Maybe no God and that's just the name given this sort of ribbon in myth, because it is so rare and extraordinary. My people do tend to regard anyone or anything that could make such a thing as a God or Goddess. The proof of Godliness lies in what one can accomplish." Aagog took the right turning. She walked not much short of a thousand feet and stopped. Her excited message echoed in my head: "We stop here! Our trail end!". Frijjo had Apparated us to the ribbon, when we began our training exercise. Night served her purpose well. I saw Odin turn away and walk back to the tee, where Baalak was carefully examining the end of the branch by which we had arrived. This piqued my curiosity and I examined the opposite wall of the branch by which we had arrived at this spot. Our branch had once been tightly woven shut. That was obvious from the collar of frayed remnants of sliced-through knots. Aagog sniffed at the threads of one frayed knot. she grasped two adjacent fibers with two legs each and pulled. She sniffed again. "Frijjo and Gna." "Frijjo plays at very deadly games," Odin spat after he said this. He seemed to gather himself and a renewed mental strength as he made a hand motion suggesting an impatience to just get on with our return home. We returned to the spot where Aagog indicated Frijjo had apparated to the God-ribbon. Odin felt confident that he could Apparate back to his lands or at least to Yggdrasil in our time. He had Apparated to this spot, with help from Aagog and Blacky, when he led the rescue party. "Wait. If this spot is in our time, wouldn't it be safer to try to contact Yggdrasil from here and ask it to suck us all into its library?" Odin wore a wounded look as if I had challenged his ability. I thought it likely that he could do as he claimed, but still believed my way to be safer. Odin ordered me to fix my exact spot in my mind and to be most careful and exact about creating that mental marker. I did so, then I reached for Yggdrasil. It took three tries. I asked it when it was. It was the first day I had met it, before I had hung. Odin and I both explained our unusual circumstances. Yggrasil directed us to pack together as closely as we possibly could. We held hands and were in the library. It was a most odd Yggdrasil-Apparate. We arrived as a very askew oval, with some of us just missing a floor-splinch, while Odin barely avoided a ceiling splinch. I felt more of a strange tingle progressing through my body than I had ever felt when Apparating. Sorry. You were expanded and a bit dispersed in time. I did the best I could. "We have to get the others out of that place quickly, but first I need to contact Harry," I begged Odin's permission. "Talk to your Harry. You have time. We must plan and decide what supplies to bring with us. We cannot rescue the others now. The wounded would never survive the Apparate we just made. You talk to Harry, then we eat, then we plan. In a week we rescue our friends." I reached for Yggdrasil to contact Harry. Yggdrasil forbade it. We were months prior to the time I returned to Asgard and Frijjo whisked us off to the distant past. Our party must be isolated, lest a time breach occur. Yes, many, including some of us, had shared time with our former selves, but it was a risky thing to do and for an extended time was extremely dangerous. To leave a marker-out-of-time, such as an update call to Harry describing events which happened after I returned to Asgard, and which Harry would receive before I returned to Asgard was stupid. Would Harry change history by forbidding me to return to new dangers. "Odin!"
