Thanks to everyone who stuck with me through TPA and TPJ. Now prepare for TPM! The Potions Master Chapter 1 "So let's establish some ground rules," Snape said as he allowed his gaze to meet each and every child now present in the sitting room. "You will all go to bed at a decent hour, namely midnight at the latest. I will not have anyone running around past that time or there will be severe consequences." Snape was glad to see that he still instilled fear in at least some of Harry's cohorts. Perhaps they would be able to keep the rest of the miscreants in line. "Ms Granger, Ms Lovegood and Ms Weasley will be sleeping in the guest room at the end of the hall. Under no circumstances are you allowed to mingle with the boys after midnight. Break this rule and I will send you straight home, even if it is the middle of the night. Your door must always be open –" Harry groaned loudly and he let his head fall back in exasperation. " – And the lights must be on for as long as you're awake," Snape said, glaring at his defiant son. "I will tolerate no funny business whatsoever." "Severuuuus," Harry whined, clearly annoyed with Snape's spiel. Snape narrowed his eyes and glared menacingly before speaking in a tone of voice that many people who didn't know Snape all that well would consider dangerous. "Your parents have entrusted all of you into my care," he said softly, "And I will make sure that they do not have to regret that decision. I am well aware of what goes on in the teenage mind –" "Merlin, that's enough!" Harry interrupted, hastily jumping to his feet. Hermione was stifling her laughter, covering her mouth with her right hand. Draco wasn't even trying to cover up. He simply chuckled in amusement. For Harry's birthday party, Snape had agreed that he would be allowed having people over for a slumber party. The number of people he was allowed to ask had been limited but already, Snape was wondering if he had allowed just a tad too much. All in all, there were six people present which didn't seem like a whole lot but if you considered them to be young adults, it put everything in perspective. The fact that Harry would invite Ms Granger had been a given. The fact that he had invited Ms Weasley had been nothing short of surprising. Subsequently, the redheaded girl had apparently bothered Harry about inviting Ms Lovegood as well which Harry had not refused for whatever reason. The youngest Weasley boy had also been a given but Draco had been somewhat less obvious. While the boy had become a good friend in Harry's sixth year, there had been the most unfortunate events that had befallen the blonde and Snape hadn't been entirely sure if Draco had recovered enough on an emotional level to be a part of such an energetic occasion as this one. And yet, the boy had jumped on the opportunity and was among the first to confirm. "Have I made myself clear or need I repeat myself?" Snape asked, crossing his arms. "Yeah, we get it already," Harry replied, clearly wanting to escape this awkward situation as fast as he could. Snape redirected his glare toward the other children. "Don't worry, Professor," Luna said dreamily, "I'm sure everyone understood. Harry's just a bit shy, that's all." "Very well," Snape nodded, "Then I permit you to go to your room and do whatever it is that children to during a slumber party." Not having to be told that they were free for a second time, the kids bolted upstairs to Harry's room, nearly tripping over each other in their haste. Only Luna had the common sense to walk like a normal person, waiting patiently for the pile of people in front of her to clear up before ascending the stairs as well, but not before waving goodbye to Snape with a somewhat disconcerting smile curling her lips. When all children had disappeared from sight, Snape sighed deeply and sunk into one of his chairs. This was going to be a long night. "Muffliato," Harry mumbled as he pointed his wand. Now that he had finally turned seventeen, he was legally allowed to use magic without any repercussions. And it's not as if Snape had told him that he wasn't allowed to. Harry passed around glasses of juice and chocolate biscuits as everyone either took a seat or laid down on the floor. "What does he even think we'll get ourselves into?" Draco asked incredulously. "Sex, I assume," Luna said matter-of-factly. It came so out of the blue that Hermione sputtered helplessly into her juice while Ron all but choked on the biscuits he had already shoved in his mouth. "Luna, that's mental!" Harry exclaimed, "There's six of us here! I doubt he would think any one of us would try anything like that with an audience." "Unless he expects an orgy," Draco offered. Ginny frowned in disgust. "That's going a bit far, don't you think? Let's just agree he has nothing to worry about." "Naturally," Draco replied evenly, "The logistics simply wouldn't work." "Yeah, that's the problem," Hermione replied sardonically, "Logistics." "So, who's up for a game!" Ron interrupted, his face still red and tearstained from choking on the biscuits. "A game sounds absolutely wonderful," Luna said airily. She leaned back and rested her weight on her arms, sitting cross-legged on the floor. "Got anything in mind, Weasley?" Draco asked, gesturing for him to go right ahead. "How about 'Never have I ever'?" Ron suggested. "Do you even know the rules to that game?" Draco replied, "You're supposed to drink if you've done what is suggested. We have no booze up here." "We have pumpkin juice," Harry suggested. "I believe that the joy of the game lies in getting to know each other better rather than drinking ourselves into a stupor," Luna said happily. Draco rolled his eyes at the airheaded Ravenclaw but she didn't seem to take notice. Either that or she didn't really mind. "I think it sounds like fun," Hermione said, "Let's try it!" "It's your birthday, Harry, so you should probably go first," Ginny offered. "Well okay," Harry said. He lay flat on his stomach in his bed, his head propped up on his arms as he gazed thoughtfully at the ceiling. "Never have I ever worn a dress," he said. "Lame!" Ginny shouted but she took a sip anyway. So did Hermione and Luna. "Okay, my turn," Ron said since he was sitting to Harry's left. "Never have I ever… seen a live Snallygaster." "That's even lamer," Harry commented but he drank. So did Draco and Luna. Harry blinked. He knew that Draco probably had to drink but Luna as well? "My mother used to be friends with one," Luna said happily, "Though she turned invisible when someone unfamiliar approached, she always showed herself for me." "Sure…" Draco said, "If you say so. You're up Lovegood." "Well, never have I ever kissed someone in a romantic sort of way." Instantly, four faces became bright red as all five of the others sipped their juice. "What?" Ron all but shouted, "Ginny, you kissed some bloke? Who was it?" "And you kissed someone as well!" Ginny retorted, "Care to elaborate on that?" "Way to go, Potter," Draco chuckled as he slapped Harry on the back, "Didn't know you had it in you. When was this?" "Hey, don't look at me!" Harry exclaimed, "Hermione also drank. Why don't you harass her about it?" "Oh, leave her alone, will you?" Ron said, "There's no need for this. We're all grown up here. Well –" he eyed Ginny disapprovingly "- Almost all of us are." "There's only a year's difference between us," Ginny said haughtily, "It's not my fault that you're a late bloomer." "Never have I ever," Draco jumped in, "Fallen in love." He grinned as if that was a good thing. Once again, Harry, Ginny, Ron and Hermione all drank. Luna didn't but seemed quite happy about that. From the corner of his eye, Harry tried to gauge Ginny's reaction but didn't seem very able to place it. She was just blushing fervently but that could be because of a number of reasons. He was so caught up in staring at her that the didn't notice the awkwardness between Ron and Hermione. When Ginny gathered her senses, she thought of her own question twirling her hair around her index finger as she did. Her beautiful red hair that gleamed like a summer's sunset, cascading down her slender neck. "Never have I ever had a crush on a teacher," Ginny said. She grinned from ear to ear as she looked at Hermione, wiggling her eyebrows. Ducking somewhat, Hermione sipped her juice. "What?" Ron exclaimed loudly, "Who?" "Lockhart," Hermione admitted, "But that was before we found out he was a fraud." "Anyone else?" Ron asked, looking around the room, "No crushes on Snape or McGonagall? Alright then, Hermione. You're up!" "Never have I ever gone commando," Hermione said. The purebloods of the party frowned. "What's commando?" Ron asked curiously. "Not wearing any underwear underneath your clothes," Harry supplied. No one had to take a sip, that time. "Good to know," Luna said, smiling tenderly. Harry scratched his hand absentmindedly, thinking of a new question. "Never have I ever…" he stalled, "received an allowance." Everyone took a sip, even Ron and Harry grinned victoriously. "Ah, see? I suppose I should be more Slytherin about this if I want to win." "Is anyone even keeping score?" Hermione chuckled. "I am," Draco said, "And I am winning." "Oh, pish-posh," Ron said, punching Draco playfully in the shoulder. "Let's see. Never have I ever used Snape's given name." Draco and Harry shrugged at each other before drinking. It was Luna's turn again, "Never have I ever almost died twice in a year's time." "Hold up," Draco said, "What qualifies as almost?" "Be honest with yourself," Luna said, "If you feel you were in mortal peril at some point, you probably were." All five of Luna's friends took a sip. "You know, it would appear I'm rather good at this," Luna chuckled. "You definitely know how to get to us," Ron agreed, "It's a good thing this stuff isn't fire whiskey or we would all be wasted already." "We could always sneak a bottle from Severus' stash if you want to up the ante," Draco suggested slyly. "Absolutely not," Harry objected, "Severus would throw a major fit if he found out." "He won't," Draco said, "I'm a Slytherin." "Well, he's the master of all things Slytherin," Harry countered, "He would know what you're trying to pull within minutes." "Ugh, fine!" Draco said exasperatedly, "You're all acting like a bunch of Gryffindors!" "Thanks!" replied the golden trio in unison. "Which reminds me," Draco said, "Never have I ever been sorted into Gryffindor." Four collective groans sounded before four outwitted Gryffindors took their mandatory sip of pumpkin juice. "I wonder if the sorting hat would still put us in our respective houses if it needed to choose again," Ginny said. "Oh, I will always be a Slytherin," Draco said proudly. "I don't know," Luna said smiling brightly, "You can be very brave Draco. I've seen it! You might do well in Gryffindor." Draco made a face in disgust. "Don't say that, Loonie! He groaned. "Don't call her that!" Ginny shouted all of a sudden. "Yeah," Harry agreed, "That's not nice." "Oh, it's quite alright," Luna said happily, "Isn't giving each other nicknames something friends do?" "Not those kinds of nicknames," Ginny grumbled, "Take it back, Malfoy!" "Yeesh, fine!" Draco said, raising his hands in defence, "Sorry, Lovegood. I didn't mean that. Just don't sort me into Gryffindor." "Oh, I could never," Luna said dreamily, "Only the sorting hat can do that." "Never have I ever called anyone a mudblood," Ginny said haughtily. Draco flushed a bit but sipped his juice as he glared at the redheaded Weasley girl. "Somewhat below the belt, don't you think?" He commented, "Perhaps you would do well in Slytherin." Ginny huffed but said nothing. "Never have I ever handed in an assignment too late," Hermione said cheerfully. The others groaned loudly and finished their drink. "I've had quite enough of this," Ron said, "What about you, mate?" Harry thought that the game might end up causing a fight between Draco and Ginny sooner or later and would rather prevent that. Naturally, he would need to pick Ginny's side and that would make Draco feel even more left out than he already was. No, better to call it quits now. "Yeah, I guess," Harry agreed, "Any other suggestions?" "Truth or dare is a classic," Ginny suggested, "I hear even muggles play it." "Isn't that a bit cliché?" Draco drawled. "Well, what would you suggest?" Ginny snapped, "Hide and go seek?" "With Potter and his invisibility cloak?" Draco huffed, "Never!" "Okay, Harry," Luna said, "Truth or dare?" "I would go with truth," Harry said since he did not feel up to doing much of anything. "Okay, Harry. What would you like to do once we're done with Hogwarts?" "Luna!" Ron said, "What a waste! We all know he wants to be an Auror." "I don't think that's true," Luna smiled. Harry cleared his throat uncomfortably, swishing his glass of juice. It's true that for a year now, he thought that becoming an Auror was no longer what he wanted. He had faced enough dark wizards and creatures in mortal combat to last him a lifetime. And even though many people would argue that he was particularly good at duelling, he didn't think he wanted to make a living out of it anymore. It was all well and good when there was still a very real chance that Voldemort – and after that, Lucius – were going to kill him. For a long time, Harry thought he wasn't even going to make it into adulthood. That made the statement that he wanted to become an Auror all the more frivolous and easy to say. It was – in his mind anyway – no more than wishful thinking. But no. What he wanted now was a life of peace and quiet. He didn't want to endanger himself anymore and what's more, he didn't want to endanger the people closest to him. When Harry noticed everyone was staring at him, he couldn't help but chuckle helplessly. "I'm sorry guys," he said, "I guess I don't want to be an Auror. I've kind of had enough of that kind of thing, you know?" "Of course, Harry," Hermione said, quick to understand. Harry was almost certain that he saw a flash of relief in her eyes. "Then what do you want to be?" Luna urged, "Or haven't you thought about it yet?" "I honestly have no idea," Harry said, "Is professional Quidditch player still an option?" Harry laughed at his own joke but was somewhat annoyed with his indecisiveness. "I'm sure any team would be happy to have Harry Potter as their seeker," Ron shrugged, "Why not? Go for it!" "You'll know when you know," Luna said, patting Harry gently on his knee. Harry glanced at Ginny who was looking at Luna with slightly narrowed eyes but not another word was said. "I guess that makes it my turn," Harry said, "Er… Hermione, truth or dare." "Truth," Hermione said predictably. Harry was already smirking in triumph, "Well then. Earlier, it was implied that you had already kissed someone. Who was it?" Hermione's eyes widened and her face went scarlet. Surprisingly enough, so did Ron's. "Wait," Harry gasped in realisation, "No way! You didn't!' "It's true," Hermione admitted, "It was Ron." For a few seconds, no one said anything but then Harry couldn't help but laugh and soon, his friends joined in. "Hold up," he said in between chuckles, "Was it a spur of the moment thing or is there more going on?" "You could say we're sort of… dating," Hermione said as she looked shyly at Ron. "Why didn't you tell me?" Harry asked, "Did you think I would be mad?" "You had other things to worry about," Ron said easily, "For an entire year, some crazy murderer was after you – no offence, Draco – and the year before that was no picknick either." "You've been together that long already?" Harry asked in disbelief, "How didn't I notice that?" "You were preoccupied," Hermione shrugged. "You're okay with it though, right?" Ron asked eagerly. Harry thought about that for a moment. It was not as if he ever had those kinds of feelings for Hermione so it's not as if he was jealous. And even if he thought there might be a chance that their relationship could endanger their general friendship, he couldn't help but consider that they had apparently been going out for over a year already and Harry hadn't even noticed. If nothing changed for him, why would he be upset? "Of course I am," Harry replied, "Just try not to get too affectionate in my presence, okay?" "Deal," Hermione agreed easily. She looked around the room to decide on her next target. "Okay, Ron," She said slyly, "Truth or dare?" Ron regarded her with a calculating look before deciding. "Dare." Snape had reread that same paragraph three times already and not a single word had registered. It was far too quiet in the house, even though he had asked the rowdy teenagers to keep the door slightly ajar. And they had done that. Snape had made sure. He was no fool. He knew very well what it meant that he heard nothing but murmurs whenever he came close to Harry's room. He knew why he couldn't listen in to their conversation. The spell Harry had no doubt used was one of his own creations, of course. Snape growled at no one in particular and took another sip of his fire whiskey. It's not as if he wanted to listen in to Harry's conversations. He had no desire to be informed of which student dated which and in what way the teachers ranked from most handsome to ugliest. He did not care a bit about teenage angst. But the fact that Harry had felt the need to keep his discussion private was precisely Snape's problem. What could possibly be important enough to keep hidden? If the things discussed were indeed harmless, why bother covering up? Snape groaned. He had forgotten what it was like to be a teenager. Had he ever truly been one? He chuckled softly to himself and realized that whatever he thought unimportant might still mean the world to those inexperienced youngsters. He was just about to resume his reading when he heard something. The rustling of robes. He sighed to himself but did not turn around. Whichever miscreant was sneaking about – clearly up to no good – would not be getting off easy. As he pretended to read, he could clearly pick up the sound of shuffling feet heading towards his lab. Oh, whoever it was, was in big trouble. The door opened and the teenager in question disappeared. Snape put down his book, cast a disillusionment charm on himself and crept down the stairs. Down there, he came across a certain familiar redhead that had clearly not been spooked enough last Christmas. He was searching for something on the shelves, muttering under his breath as he read the labels. Snape went to stand right behind him and cancelled his charm. Ron still had no clue though, so Snape crossed his arms and waited. And he waited. And he waited some more. Eventually, Ron's reading skills alerted him to the potion he had been looking for which was an ageing potion for some reason. He took the vial from the shelf and turned around only to be met with the admittedly fearsome sight of the potion master looming over him, arms crossed and a scowl on his face. Ron yelled loudly in response and dropped the vial. Snape -who was entirely prepared for that possibility – caught the potion and returned it to the shelf by slowly reaching across Ron. The boy didn't dare move a muscle. "Mr Weasley," Snape said silkily, "You must have an excellent reason to break into my lab and steal an ageing potion." Ron didn't say a word. He was leaning against the shelf and away from Snape as he trembled in terror. "I'm waiting," Snape said coldly, "Or would you rather I feed you a few drops of veritaserum. I'm sure I have some lying about here somewhere." "It was a dare, sir," Ron squeaked. "Is that so?" Snape asked icily, "And who dared you to come here?" Ron shrugged and stared back at Snape. For the first time, Snape saw defiance in the boy's eyes. "Covering for your friends, are you?" Snape said, "Very noble indeed. But it's of no matter really, since you are the one who actually went where he doesn't belong. It would be best if I –" Snape paused for effect " – made an example out of you." "You know, you could've been easier on Ron," Harry said at lunch. His friends had already gone home after a birthday party well celebrated, "It was just for a game of truth and dare." "Are you suggesting that I let you miscreants do whatever you please simply because someone dared you to?" Snape asked incredulously, "I think not." "I can't believe you fed him that potion, though," Harry chuckled, "Is there an antidote?" "There is not," Snape confessed, "But it will wear off in a couple of weeks, I imagine." Harry broke into laughter as he thought about Ron coming back from his unsuccessful mission. His hair had been tinted in every colour of the rainbow, changing colour at random. Depending on what, no one could figure out. Not only that, but Ron had only been able to speak in Limericks. He had come up with the gem: When I went downstairs for the potion Of Snape's sense of mind had no notion Was caught by the bat And that friends was that And what rhymes with potion is motion Naturally, they all had been in stitches and everyone had done their best to strike up a conversation with Ron but he refused to say all that much for the rest of the evening. "I'm sure Fred and George will love spending time with him now," Harry chuckled. "I'm sure he will have learned his lesson after the potion wears off," Snape said, "And if not, I always have more." "Please give me some to take to Hogwarts," Harry chuckled. "And have you create a bunch of poetically challenged troublemakers?" Snape replied, "I think not." "Suit yourself," Harry shrugged, "I can probably create something like it if I want." "You should focus on your studies," Snape urged, "Not go about creating silly potions. Being an Auror is hard work and becoming one is no picknick either." "Yeah, about that…" Harry said sheepishly, "I don't think I want to be an Auror anymore." Snape raised a curious eyebrow. "Is that right? I have to admit that that's quite a relief to hear. Why not though? If you're insecure about your abilities –" "It's nothing like that," Harry interjected, "I'm just tired of fighting. That's all." "Yes, I would imagine so," Snape said thoughtfully, "Do you have any idea what it is you would like to be instead?" "Maybe," Harry said hesitantly, "Could you perhaps tell me what it takes to become a potions master?" And that is chapter 1 for you. We're off to a new start and are heading into a new adventure. I hope you will all share it with me. Please review!
Thank you all for all the adds and the reviews. You know how to make a girl loved. With special thanks to Pagemaster4TW for making up one of the Limericks (It's the more provocative one) and for brainstorming with me for hours! Hours, I tell you! He gave me a bunch of ideas and I'm sure to incorporate many of them. Chapter 2 At first, Snape didn't quite know how to respond. Harry was eyeing him thoughtfully and for a moment, Snape considered if Harry was making a joke. The sense of apprehension he got from the boy implied otherwise though. Snape opened his mouth to speak, closed it for a second as if reconsidering, then opened his mouth again. "Are you sure that you know what that entails?" he asked carefully. "I know what it means," Harry huffed, "It means that you teach potions, don't you? At Hogwarts or another school for that matter." "It does," Snape said, stroking his chin slightly, "Among other things, of course. A potions Master might also use their skill in other fields of the magical world such as healing and scientific research. But am I to understand that teaching is something you wish to pursue?" "It's not like I haven't taught anyone before," Harry argued, "I've taught the D.A. and if I do say so myself, all of my 'students' did very well. Why do you think you have such an abundance in your NEWT class this year?" "I didn't ask if this was something you would be able to do," Snape countered, "I am well aware of your success in teaching before. But is it something you enjoyed?" Harry actually smiled at that question. "It was," he admitted, "Very much so, even. It was amazing to see everyone improve as they did. And to think that I had a hand in it." "As a hired Professor, one would need to attempt to teach every child that sets foot into Hogwarts," Snape said, "Not only the ones who actually desire to learn your craft as was the case with the D.A. Is that something you can do?" Harry frowned for a moment as he thought that over but he was quick to recover. "It is," he said, "I would much prefer that over being an Auror." Snape's lips quirked upwards ever so slightly but he tried covering that up by sipping his tea. "Very well," he said evenly, "But why potions? You've already established that you do quite well when teaching defence. You could always go in that direction." Harry groaned. "I told you I've had enough of that particular field. Besides, there's something… calming about brewing potions." "You're not saying this to try and please me, are you?" Snape asked suddenly, "Because you can be whatever you want. Quite literally, I imagine. Who would dare to turn down Harry Potter?" "Oh, stop it," Harry snarled, throwing a biscuit in Snape's general direction, "As if I would accept any handouts. No, I like potions and I like teaching. I've thought about this for a while now and I think that this would be a good choice for me." "You realize that you will need to catch up on your studies for that to work," Snape said importantly, "You're about to step into your last year and you haven't even begun on the development of your Magnum opus yet." "What?" Harry asked, suddenly very worried, "Is a thing like that even expected from students? Isn't there some sort of higher education for that?" "Don't worry, Harry," Snape said soothingly, "It's not as if anyone is expecting you to cure Lycanthropy or something like that." Harry snorted. "I should hope not. If the great Severus Snape isn't able to do that, how am I supposed to?" "In any case," Snape interrupted, "You are expected to create something new of your own. And not the – I apologize for saying this – rather clumsy attempt at an original potion you created two years ago. You will need to perfect it through trial and error and not stop when you think it's good enough. Good enough is not perfect and that's what you need." "While that sounds exciting and all," Harry said, "I don't understand why that's necessary for a teaching job. Did Trelawney have to do something like that for divination?" "I hardly think anyone ever blows up their teacup just by interpreting it incorrectly," Snape said, "In many of the courses you take at Hogwarts, it is quite enough to have a basic understanding of the subject. As a Potions Master, however, you need to be capable to counteract – in an instance's notice – whatever your students are able to mess up. You have no idea what kind of volatile concoctions can be created by students haphazardly throwing things in their cauldron. Seemingly at random!" The frustration was evident in Snape's voice and Harry smiled in his hand. At one time, he had been one of those students. "You need to be able to diffuse any situation and correct or heal any wrongdoings. Evading permanent damage to any student is advisable, even if their own lack of resolve and focus are the direct cause of their failure." "It could always be Slytherins throwing things in other people's cauldrons," Harry offered. "What a silly notion," Snape replied coldly, "That is a very unlikely event. But even so, that is one more thing you would need to be prepared for. Do you understand why it is so important to learn everything there is to know about potions? And knowledge is not enough either. You require a true understanding of the art and that requires focus and hard work." Harry sighed wearily as he envisioned the amount of work that was already laid out for him. But even when aware of the arduous task in front of him, his resolve did not falter. "I understand," he said, "And I am ready for it. I want to do this." "If you are certain," Snape said agreeably, a true smile now on his face. "I am," Harry said proudly. "You will need a master to guide you over the years to come," Snape continued, "I presume that it would be satisfactory for myself to take on that role?" Harry rolled his eyes at the unnecessary question. "Of course." "You will also need to stay at Hogwarts for another year after this one," Snape said absentmindedly as he started scribbling away on a piece of parchment, "A specialisation year so to speak." "Is that what you did?" Harry asked curiously. Snape stopped writing for a moment and regarded Harry carefully. "It was not," he admitted, "But as you are well aware, I was struggling with more than simply my education at that point in my life." Harry flushed slightly. "Right," he said. "But for you, it will work out just fine," Snape said, kindly ignoring Harry's discomfort. "You need not worry about that just yet, though. You first need to pass your NEWT's. You will be expected to study independently for a great deal of your time. And you will be required to share your research with me in order for me to assist you to the best of my abilities." "Does that mean you'll be looking over my shoulder the entire time?" Harry asked exasperatedly. "In the literal sense of the word, no," Snape replied, "But essentially, yes." "Wonderful," Harry said sardonically. "If not, you can always study something else," Snape said evenly, "But if you wish to pursue the career of a Potions Master, this is what you need to do. What did you expect? That you could waltz into Professor Dumbledore's office at the end of your last year and ask him for a job? It's not that easy." "It seems to be that easy for defence," Harry mumbled. Snape shot him a devastating look, and Harry quickly realized that Snape had failed time and time again to land the defence job and had only been able to do so last year. "Right," he said quickly, "Sorry." "I assure you that it will not be that easy," Snape said, "So if you wish to reconsider –" "I don't," Harry said quickly, "I'll do it. Tell me what I should do." "You will begin – as you have before – by preparing the theorem of what you seek to create. You are not permitted to start brewing until I have read and approved your construction." "Right," Harry said, "When should I –" "I imagine you can think of what it is you wish to pursue already," Snape said, "But while my library is by no means insignificant, it is of paramount importance that you use all the knowledge you can possibly acquire in the construction of your theorem. Therefore, I suggest that you wait until we are back at Hogwarts for you to actually begin your research." "Will I still even need to take classes like transfiguration and charms?" Harry asked. "Naturally, you do," Snape replied, "No knowledge is ever wasted and besides, you should always wish to keep as many doors open as possible. If you – for some reason – should have a change of heart at some point and wish to pursue the path of an Auror once more, I would be most aggrieved to see you deprived of that opportunity simply because you didn't feel the need to apply yourself in your final year." "I could spend more time in private research of I dropped those classes, though," Harry said. "You will do no such thing," Snape snarled, "It doesn't really matter when you finish your research. There is no time limit, though I do hope you would see fit to focus enough to finish in a timely fashion. I myself became a Potions Master at the age of twenty-one." "That's hardly fair," Harry pointed out, "Everyone knows that about you. It was an achievement on its own, so I hear. So you can't possibly expect me to do the same." "My point is that you will continue to do well in your other chosen courses," Snape said sternly, "Fail to do so, and there will be consequences." "And this is why it's hard to have a parent at school," Harry mumbled. "You understand that my being your assigned Master would give me the same right of chastisement," Snape pointed out, "Even more so than it would for a parent. I will seek discipline and diligence from you as I would from any other apprentice." "Have you ever had an apprentice before?" Harry asked at the prompt. "No," Snape admitted, "But I've taught plenty of students. I know precisely what I'm doing." At that point, Hedwig flew into the dining room, dropping a letter onto Harry's plate. She perched on the back of her master's chair, waiting patiently for a few scraps of bacon. "It would appear that your Hogwarts letter has arrived," Snape pointed out. "The last one I'll ever get," Harry said mournfully, "Or would I still get one for this specialisation year you mentioned?" "I imagine not," Snape replied, shaking his head, "For I can inform you of the requirements myself since I will be the one overseeing that year." Harry turned his attention to the letter, opening it with a pang of regret as he glanced at his list of school supplies. His last list. He was officially an adult now and would soon need to venture into the adult world. Maybe this extra year would end up being a welcome surprise. He wasn't ready to leave Hogwarts just yet, after all. One more year was not enough. Not at all. "That's odd," Harry frowned when he took a closer look at the list. Snape made a questioning sound as he glanced at his copy of 'The Practical Potioneer' that had also just been delivered. "There's a history book on my list," Harry said, 'Connections through the ages' by Maya Bell," Harry frowned in disgust. "They obviously made a mistake. I don't take history anymore." Snape had an annoyed glint in his eyes, "There's been no mistake. The headmaster will explain everything at the start of the year." Harry frowned but felt that he shouldn't press the matter further. "Can I go get my things with Ron and Hermione?" Harry asked, "It'll be the last chance I'll get." "That goes without saying," Snape said, "I too shall come to get the things you and I both require to get this apprenticeship started. "I just hope you won't be too hard on me," Harry chuckled nervously, "I can just imagine getting the old Snape back just for this occasion." "I will treat you fairly but I will also be strict," Snape replied, "I have no patience for dunderheads as you well know." "I know, I know." "What?!" Hermione squealed. Harry wasn't sure if she was elated or just plain upset. "You're taking a specialisation year? That's possible? Why hasn't anyone told me about this?" "Calm yourself, Ms Granger," Snape chided, "You have not heard about this because it is a rare occurrence. Most students simply graduate and move on with their lives. Thankfully." "But sir!" Hermione replied, her voice trembling with excitement, "If that's a possibility, I feel like everyone should get that opportunity." Snape quirked an expressive eyebrow. "And what specialisation would you have in mind?" "I don't know," Hermione said, "I've never thought about it. I didn't think it necessary before." "Exactly," Snape pointed out, "If and when a student shows the need or desire to move forward in one particular subject, arrangements may be made for them. But a student such as yourself, who delights in learning everything rather than focus and apply herself to one field of study has no need for specialisation." "but I could specialize in different courses!" Hermione said eagerly, "Perhaps I can take two per year for a few more years and then –" "Ms Granger," Snape interrupted, "You clearly miss the point of what specialisation means. Has your third year taught you nothing? Even you cannot possibly hope to gain that much information in such a short time." Hermione's shoulders drooped. "I suggest you discuss this with your head of house," Snape finally said, "She might be able to guide you where you wish to go. But first, you should focus on your seventh year." "Yes, professor," Hermione agreed. Ron consoled his now official girlfriend by draping his arm around Hermione's shoulders and earned himself a coy smile in return. Harry felt a pang of jealousy at their intimacy and glanced over at Ginny automatically. When he met her gaze, he felt himself go beat red. What was wrong with him? He shook his head to clear his mind of any intrusive thoughts and focused on the task at hand. They were almost done with their shopping. Hermione had commented that their new history book was one that had only recently been published, which was odd enough in itself since Binns didn't seem to accept anything new that happened. He had always used the same old material, never finding the need to upgrade. And yet, here they were. "Why do you think we've all been signed up for History classes?" Harry asked, furrowing his brow, "Didn't we get tortured enough during our first five years? I thought we were done with that horrible class." "I don't know, Harry," Hermione said, frowning in confusion herself. "It's certainly odd that the school would make it mandatory again. Do you think it's been demanded by the Ministry for some reason?" "After Umbridge, I doubt they would try that," Harry said, "On the other hand, I guess you never know for sure." Ron sighed as they stopped in front of the Quidditch supply store "I wish that I had a new broom The one with the bright yellow plume Have to use one from school Makes me look like a fool I just want my own broom that goes zoom." "You have only one more year to go, though," Hermione said cleverly, "Wouldn't it be kind of a waste to get a broom just for that?" "So I guess that we don't need to eat Or to wear shoes that protect our feet When I go up and fly Venture out in the sky More than anything, I feel complete" "That's a tad melodramatic, don't you think?" Hermione argued, "You can't possibly be comparing flying with basic necessities." "Either he does or he's influenced by the potion," Harry chuckled, "You know, to be extra poetic." Ron glared angrily at Harry and opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something, but closed it again. "Go ahead, Ron," Harry urged, laughing, "What's on your mind?" Ron whispered in a fierce tone, "Professor Snape is a cunt, I'm overflowing with want To hex his hair blue His skin and robes too And up his arse conjure a shunt" "Ron!" Hermione exclaimed loudly, "Language!" "Is Ickle Ronniekins at it again?" Fred asked as he captured Ron's head in a one-armed embrace "Who knew that one could be so poetically rude!" George added happily. "Which reminds me Forge," "Do tell, Gred!" "We ought to speak to this master of pranks." They turned around and walked over to Snape who stood a few feet away, perusing the list he had written down before. "Master!" Fred exclaimed loudly. "We bow before your brilliance," George said solemnly as he bowed very deeply, his arm outstretched in a wholly exaggerated manner. "Mr's Weasley," Snape said curtly, glaring all the while as if he hoped that they would move away just by encountering his fearsome gaze. Unfortunately for him, the twins were no longer his students and even when they were, they were never afraid of the Potions Master. "We need the recipe to that brilliant potion you constructed," Fred said. "We will pay you handsomely for it," George added with a wink. Snape snorted in amusement. "You'll have to be more specific, I'm afraid," he said, "I have created many different potions over the course of my life and I'm sure I know not of which one you speak." But the twitching of his lips suggested otherwise. "Come now, Professor," Fred said importantly, "You know very well what we're talking about." "Poetic justice," George sighed happily, "Has a nice ring to it, doesn't it? We want to sell it at our shop." "Can you imagine," Fred said dreamily, "To have an entire class of students who can only speak in Limericks?" "That is not a particularly pleasant idea, Mr Weasley," Snape said icily, "So no, I don't think I will." "Sleep on it, if you would," George said, "We'll gladly give you a percentage of the profit." "Ten per cent will do," Fred said, "As well as bragging rights going to Professor Severus Snape." "Perhaps in another lifetime," Snape replied before stepping forward and joining his son. "Are you quite finished getting your school supplies?" Snape asked. "We have everything," Harry replied, chuckling happily as he glanced at his redheaded friend. Hermione was rolling her eyes and blushing fiercely for some reason. "And how are you today, Mr Weasley?" Snape asked, a sadistic smile on his lips. Ron thought for a while before sighing and answering. "I am honestly not very well I am constantly tired as hell To think of each word Is most unpreferred Could you please just cast me a spell?" "Very impressive," Snape smirked, "You will soon be among the most eloquent of your age group. As for casting a spell, I'm afraid I cannot." Ron looked disappointed and even glared at Snape but didn't speak again. "There is no spell or antidote to counter the potion," Snape explained, "As I have told you before. Surely, you have learned by now to not go rummaging through people's private stashes, haven't you?" Ron nodded solemnly. "I'm sure it will wear off in a few days," Snape assured him, "And so will the colour of your hair." Ron's face coloured a fierce red which mismatched his now green hair terribly. "Harry, I have gotten you the things for your extracurricular brewing," Snape said, earning himself a subtle glare from Hermione which he chose to ignore. "What kind of things?" Harry asked curiously. "You will be needing more than two cauldrons," Snape explained, "So I picked up five more. I also got you a new pair of dragonhide gloves, a set of precisely accurate scales, stirrers of each kind of material and cutting tools. I also didn't neglect to set you up with at least the more basic of ingredients as well as some of the rarer ones that I'm sure you'll be able to use. And if not, I am certain that I can use them for myself." "Wow!" Harry exclaimed, "That's really great. But you didn't have to do that." "Don't be ridiculous," Snape huffed, "Of course I did." He handed the shrunken packages to Harry who put them away in his pockets. "Now was there anywhere else you wanted to go?" Snape asked, "Or could we possibly go home now?" Harry gave his friends a longing glance but was also eager to inspect the wares Snape had bought for him. Maybe, he could even get some ideas going about what he was going to make. He would see his friends soon enough. And Ginny – who had been tagging along somewhat abashedly – would also be there. "We can go," he said. "Would you want to join us for dinner?" Snape asked Ron, Hermione and Ginny. Ron frowned. "Coming over is always a thrill But this time I don't think I will Don't trust your food And I'm not in the mood I'd sooner go dine in Brazil" "What an odd thing to say," Snape teased. "Very well. As you wish. Shall we go, Harry?" Harry hugged Hermione and Ginny – lingering just a tad too long in Ginny's embrace – and clapped Ron encouragingly on the shoulder. "Hang in there, mate," he said in mock sadness, "This too shall pass." As Harry glanced over his shoulder, he saw Hermione laughing at Ron's antics while Ginny looked away as if she had been caught staring. "I've noticed you've taken quite an interest in young Ms Weasley," Snape mentioned out of the blue. Harry felt himself flush and quickly looked away. "I don't know what you're talking about," he mumbled. "Don't you?" Snape jibed, "It's a shame because I've also noticed that she seems rather fond of you." Harry shrugged, not really ready to share any intimate details of his love life just yet. "I do hope that you're being careful. If not –" "Nope!" Harry interrupted, forming a makeshift cross with his two index fingers and pointing them at Snape. "We are not having this discussion! And most certainly not in the middle of the street. Nope, nope, nope!" Snape rolled his eyes but grinned good-naturedly. "Come on," he said, "We're flooing back. And then we can talk." Did you guys like it? I really screwed myself over, giving Ron that potion, didn't I? Haha. I'm not entirely sure if I'll be able to update. I'm going to an amusement park, you see. Kindly take the time to write a review if you will. I'm always happy with the feedback.
Chapter 3 is finally up! I hope you all like it. Thanks for all your support so far. Chapter 3 Harry was the first out of the floo and made a valiant effort to run up to his room as soon as he did. His problems with floo travel caused him to stumble though, and he slammed into the side table with quite a bit of force. He hissed a few curses under his breath and sort of half-jumped, half-stumbled towards the door once more when Snape came through, elegant as always. When he saw Harry's predicament, he just raised that typical eyebrow like the smug, sadistic person he sometimes was. "You really need to work on your floo travel," he said flatly, his lips quirked into a sardonic smile. "I can't have you destroying the furniture or your kneecaps every time we need to be somewhere. Now, where do you think you're going?" "Upstairs," Harry replied quickly. The pain had already subsided into a dull throb. That would definitely leave a bruise. But nothing would be quite as painful as what Snape had planned so Harry made another attempt at moving upstairs. "I think not," Snape said, stopping Harry in his tracks. "Have you already forgotten? You and I need to talk about some things." "I haven't forgotten," Harry said through gritted teeth. "I imagine you haven't," Snape replied evenly, sitting down in his personal armchair. "I also imagine that this is why you're trying to run from me." Harry groaned loudly, still not moving from the doorway. "I'm seventeen years old! I know everything I need to know, already." "Is that so?" Snape replied, "Would you mind sharing with me what you think you know?" "Absolutely not," Harry said, shaking his head roughly. Snape sighed heavily. "Sit down, Harry," he said in an authoritative kind of voice. Harry groaned again but did what was asked. He sat down as far away from Snape as he could, right near the edge of the couch just in case he needed an escape. To say that he felt embarrassed was an understatement. Snape, on the other hand, seemed as calm and collected as ever, sitting there leaned back into his chair, his hands clasped and resting in his lap while his dark obsidian eyes regarded Harry carefully but with certainty. "I realize that this might be difficult for you to talk about," Snape said as Harry looked away, "But I also feel that it might still be important. I very much doubt that those muggles talked to you about anything and it's unfortunate to admit that our school system is severely lacking in educating our children about sex." Harry exhaled exasperatedly, fidgeting with the edge of his robe. He didn't respond but he did glance over at Snape once or twice. Snape seemed undeterred and kept going mercilessly. "You are a young adult and there is no doubt in my mind that your thoughts are often occupied by images of certain young ladies, one of which might be Ms Weasley?" Harry leaned on his fist as he eyed the door but he did nod once. He kept crossing and uncrossing his legs and didn't really seem to know what to do with his arms. Where did he put them when he tried to relax? Wherever he left them, they were in the way. His cheeks felt hot and he had to swallow thickly. "There's really no reason for you to get so worked up," Snape said calmly, "Everyone goes through what you're going through. It's only natural." Harry did his best to relax. Snape was right, of course. He wasn't the only one with lingering thoughts about the opposite sex. And honestly, he probably wouldn't feel so elated if he talked about it with Ron or maybe Neville. But talking this over with Snape? Had Arthur had this talk with Ron? Did Hermione discuss this with her mother? How did they feel about it? Merlin, this was uncomfortable. But Snape hadn't been teasing him nor had he smirked or grinned or done anything that made it seem as if he was having a laugh. The only one making this uncomfortable, really, had been Harry. "I'm sorry, Severus," he said, trying to relax a little. "You're right." Snape nodded, not pressing the issue any further. "May I ask if you are indeed in a relationship with Ms Weasley?" Snape asked. "I'm not sure," Harry confessed, "We've kissed a few times but –" he glanced up at Snape before glancing down again, "But we haven't discussed it further. So I guess not." "Have you had intercourse before?" Snape asked as casually as he would ask about the weather, which Harry could appreciate but it did nothing to stop the embarrassment from rearing its ugly head once more. "No," he said in a very small voice. He wasn't even sure if Snape had heard him but when he glanced up, he saw the man nod. Harry felt frustrated with himself. Where was his Gryffindor courage, dang it? He took a deep breath and lifted his head to look into Snape's eyes, not averting them again this time. Snape seemed to smile ever so slightly. "The muggles have, of course, invented several types of protection for when they decide to finally take that step and you no doubt know about those already," Snape said calmly, "But it will please you to know that we, as wizards, have a spell that functions as both a contraceptive and as protection against any STI's." Harry swallowed thickly. He hadn't known that. And now, he was sort of eager for Snape to explain more. "I know you are probably too apprehensive to ask this yourself, but I will teach you the incantation." If the talk up until this point had been embarrassing, it was nothing compared to practising the incantation to a contraceptive spell with Snape. Ron would probably be laughing his socks off at the mention of this moment, incanting some vile limerick to commemorate the occasion, no doubt. Luckily for both of them, the incantation was easy enough to learn and Harry got it right after a few times. "Now, the existence of this spell does not give you the right or privilege to go around Hogwarts and mating with everyone willing," Snape went on. Harry slapped a hand in his face and dragged it downward as he groaned aloud. But Snape ignored it entirely. "Do keep in mind that women are not simply beings that look nice and feel good. They too have feelings you need to take into account. Do not take advantage of them for if I hear anything of the sort, you will have me to deal with." This time, Harry looked at Snape with a hint of righteous fury dancing in his eyes. "Why would you even think that I would do such a thing?" he said, his voice more fuelled by embarrassment than anger. "I don't believe you would do so consciously," Snape admitted, "But the battlefield that is teenage romance is littered with landmines and booby traps. I simply urge you to be careful. Is that something you can promise me?" "Yes," Harry croaked under his breath. "One last thing then, if I may," Snape said. Harry felt that Snape had already taken enough liberties... He felt the strong urge to say that no, he indeed may not. But Snape would go ahead anyway and punish Harry for his cheek as well. So instead he just meekly nodded. "Try and make your first time a special occasion when it comes to that. I advise you to not run into it haphazardly. There is nothing wrong with waiting for a bit if you don't feel you are ready." Harry waited for a few more seconds but when Snape didn't add anything else to the conversation, he grumpily asked: "May I be excused?" "You may," Snape replied easily, waving his hand towards the door. As soon as Harry was given permission he bolted from the couch and all but ran upstairs, nearly tripping on the stairs twice in his eagerness to get away from the mortifying experience he just underwent. "Harry, we will need to get you registered," Snape said the next morning at breakfast. "Registered?" "As my apprentice," Snape clarified, "We need to send your registration to the guild. I will need to keep them posted on your progress and results." Harry frowned. "So there are more people than you to look over my shoulder?" "Surely, you understand that your work will need to be assessed and evaluated by some sort of structure. Apprenticeship is not really covered by the Hogwarts curriculum and there are no exams to determine your grade." "I thought you would just decide if I was good enough or not." "Of course not," Snape said, "I alone am not the foremost authority in what and what is not considered a viable Magnum Opus. I will be part of the council at the end of it, but I will not be alone in this." "It is quite simple, really," Snape explained, "I already drafted the document while you were hiding in your room yesterday –" Harry flushed as he recalled the embarrassing conversation he had been forced to take part in. "- and now all it requires is our signatures." Snape produced a long sheet of parchment onto which a wall of text had been produced in a neat scrawl that was unmistakable Snape's. The header of the parchment portrayed a large symbol that was comprised of a mortar, pestle and a phial out of wich three drops were spilling. At the bottom of the parchment sat two large spots, indicated by their names, waiting to be signed. Harry was indicated as 'Harry James Potter; Apprentice whereas Snape was indicated as 'The esteemed and highly decorated Potions Master; Severus Snape. It seemed like a lot of extra nonsense surrounding Snape's name but it did make it all seem more official. Harry glanced over the text, not really understanding a whole lot of it, except that Snape would have the rights to his creations and any papers he might produce but he was also charged with teaching Harry what he knew, furthering his career. He was also supposed to provide Harry with housing, clothing, food and the likes but since he had already adopted Harry, that part of the text seemed unnecessary. "I simply copied the text that's agreed upon by the guild," Snape clarified, "It is important to be as correct as possible when dealing with a practice that is – for lack of a batter term – still somewhat archaic. Oh, and speaking of archaic –" Snape fished a small blade out of his pocket, "- this document will have to be signed in blood." "Well that's crude," Harry commented, "We're not making a pact with a demon or anything, are we?" "Of course not, Harry," Snape sighed, "This is simply the way of the guilds. If you want to be an official apprentice, this is what needs to be done. You need to be bound to me in blood until such a time you are proclaimed a Master." "And that might take years," Harry said flatly. "Indeed," Snape replied curtly. Harry thought it over but didn't think too much of it. Had this been any other Master of the trade, Harry might have declined altogether. After all, binding yourself to someone with blood didn't seem too straightforward and might even imply something darker. But Harry trusted Snape completely. "Alright then," Harry finally answered. Snape nodded and proceeded to make a cut in his left palm, allowing some blood to fall into an empty inkwell. Once he deemed it enough, he dipped a quill into the blood and signed his name in wide, big lettering, ending in an elegant flourish. "Your turn," Snape said, providing Harry with his own empty inkwell and the blade. Without hesitation, Harry made the cut in his own left palm and did as Snape had done. His signature came out a lot more untidy and short. There were no flourishes or elegant calligraphic letters but it would do. For a split second, a quick glow overcame the parchment but it was gone as fast as it had appeared. With a flick of his wand, Snape healed both his and Harry's incisions. Then he rolled up the parchment, tying it neatly with a thin ribbon and summoned an owl to deliver it for him. "Take this to Master Lovegood, for me," he told the owl after which it took flight and disappeared through the window. Harry quirked a curious eyebrow but said nothing. "There," Snape told Harry, "We are all set for the following years. I'll be looking forward to working with you." Harry snorted at the stiff manner of speech. "I look forward to learning from the best. Not that I haven't been doing that already for the last couple of years, but oh well." "Don't get cheeky with me, apprentice," Snape said, "Or I'll have you doing nothing scrubbing cauldrons for the duration of the first year, if only to get some discipline into you." Harry bowed exaggeratedly and grinned, "As you say, Master." Snape snorted but said nothing in response. Instead, he flicked his wand, vanishing the leftover blood and quills and banishing the dishes to the sink. "I'm expecting visitors," Snape said, "And I believe that it would be advisable for you to stay, if only for you to get a grasp on the more Slytherin of traits that a Potions Master sometimes needs." "Okay," Harry said carefully, "Who's coming?" There was a mischievous glint in Snape's eye. "Oh, you'll see," he said, "But I ask of you to not interfere into the conversation and to keep your reactions to a minimum." "I'll…try?" Harry replied, not sure what he was getting himself into. "See to it that you do," Snape said. He picked up the Daily Prophet, cutting off the conversation effectively as he scanned the articles. Harry was sitting at the dining room table with a nearly blank piece of parchment in front of him. Snape was sitting across from him, reading a book. Whoever those mystery visitors were, they had not shown up yet but judging by Snape's calm demeanour, they were not late. Harry refocused his attention on the task before him and frowned. What kind of potion did he want to create? What could be beneficial to the wizarding world? He stared at the ceiling as he mulled it over. He thought about his own life. What had he himself been struggling with the most? He's had his fair share of difficulties, that's for sure, but what had been the hardest? His face fell somewhat when he realized just what that was. The death of loved ones. Especially that of those he had never known. Not that the death of Sirius – or even Cedric – hadn't been hard to bear. In fact, it had very nearly destroyed him. But it still didn't compare to that long-lasting ache of longing he had always felt for his parents. The painful yearning that reared its ugly head every time he was reminded of the horrible faith that had befallen his parents. The thoughts about what could have been were hard enough, but that feeling of being alone had nearly driven Harry to kill himself a long time ago. And while he was not alone anymore, there were still times that he missed his parents. He missed Sirius. He missed having a true family. Harry sighed as he tapped the piece of parchment with the back of his quill, biting his lower lip as he thought. He was slightly embarrassed with how dark his thoughts had gotten all of a sudden but on the other hand, he felt that he might be on to something. After all, he was not the only one who had lost loved ones. He was not the only one who would have unfinished business with the deceased. How many people longed for just a few more minutes with those who passed away? How many people regretted those last words that had fallen between them? Harry scribbled the base of this thoughts down. Many people long for a connection to their dead loved ones. In some cases, this might help with their mental health. Right. Now, what did he want to do about it? What did he want his potion to do? He brushed his lips with the feathery quill as he pondered. He was pulled sharply out of his reveries when the floo flared brightly and two people stepped out of the hearth, their red hair covered in ashes. Both Fred and George Weasley shook their hair out, grinning sheepishly when their gazes fell on Snape and Harry. "Hi, Harry! Hi, Severus!" they greeted in sync. Snape frowned at the familiar address but didn't reprimand the boys. "Mr's Weasley," he greeted curtly, "I received your owl this morning. It felt rather –" he smirked somewhat "-desperate." "Desperate is right!" Fred exclaimed as he took a seat right next to Snape. George took the seat on the opposite of Fred. "Severus, we have slept on it and our resolve has only grown," George explained. "We need that potion," Fred argued, "Poetic Justice would fly off the shelves, we know it!" "And it's not as if you have a whole lot of use for it," George said, "What do you even use it for besides occasionally punishing our baby brother? Don't get me wrong, it was hilarious! But we see greater things for your creation." "Don't let it be forgotten and kept in the dark," Fred begged. "How does twenty per cent sound?" Fred and George asked in unison. Snape had listened to the twins in amusement, his lips twitching ever so slightly as if to hide a smile. "I don't think you understand, gentlemen," Snape said, "I have no need for money. I am well off enough to live rather comfortably for the rest of my days." "Aha!" Fred exclaimed, "No need for money you say –" "- but perhaps you have need for something else?" George finished. "There are many things a Potions Master such as me could want," Snape said evenly, "But most of those things can be bought or bargained for by myself. It's not something I could use two rambunctious Weasley twins for." Fred and George looked at each other, a wide grin on both of their faces. "You said 'most of those things'," Fred pointed out eagerly. "That means that there are some things that you can't get your hands on," George said, nearly licking his lips in anticipation. Snape folded his hands neatly in front of him and regarded the twins carefully. "There is one thing," he admitted, "I suppose I could – oh, never mind. There is no way that two children such as yourself would be able to assist me in this manner." "I hear someone underestimating us, Fred," George said loudly. "It would appear so, George," Fred replied, shaking his head, "One would think that anyone who has dealt with us for so many years would know better." "Try us, Severus," George said eagerly. "Name your price and our reward," Fred followed up, nodding. "Very well," Snape sighed heavily, "If you insist." The twins glanced at each other with victory shining in their eyes before focusing their attention on Snape. Harry's presence seemed to have been all but forgotten. "The thing I require is the ancient texts of Pythagoras," Snape said evenly, pausing for effect. The confused looks on the twins' faces indicated that they had no idea what Snape was talking about. "It has come to my attention that these texts are currently hidden somewhere in the Library of Alexandria." Snape smirked when he saw understanding in the eyes of both twins. "Naturally, the library is not only defended by curses and traps that were placed there by the ancient Egyptians, but it is also guarded closely by a group of wizards called 'the Order of Anathema'. They've put several layers of protection in place that I doubt even Albus Dumbledore could breach." He lifted his eyes to meet the twins' excited gazes. "Do you now see how impossible this venture would be? Naturally, if you were able to get these texts, I would gladly give you the recipe for free, including the rights to them. But seeing how that will never happen –" Snape rose from his seat, standing to signify that it was time for the twins to leave, "- I can only thank you for coming and wish you luck in your further dealings." "Now hold on right there, Severus," Fred said happily. "We happen to have a brother that works in the Order of Anathema," George pointed out. "Do you now?" Snape asked in surprise, "You must be speaking of William Weasley. I knew he was a curse-breaker but I didn't think he was stationed in Egypt." "Ah, but he is," Fred said happily. "Maybe we can surprise you yet!" George added. "We shall pay our brother a little visit," Fred smirked, "Because we miss him so much, of course." "And who knows," George shrugged, "If we should happen to encounter these texts of Pythagoras, why wouldn't we bring them back with us?" Snape made a show of sighing in exasperation. "You're welcome to try but I don't think you can do it." "How dareth thou doubt us," Fred said in a mock hurt tone of voice. "We shall surely triumph in this epic quest thou hath bestowed upon us," George exclaimed. "Fare thee well!" And with a flash of green fire, the twins disappeared from sight. There were a few seconds of silence before Harry began a slow clap. Snape turned to him with a snarky grin on his face. "I can't believe they fell for that," Harry said, "You played them the whole time, didn't you?" "Did I?" Snape replied, "How could you accuse me of something so very…" "Slytherin?" Harry pointed out. "Indeed." And another chapter has been written. Can you believe it? Where oh where is this story headed? What did you think? Please don't hesitate to review.
I had a hint of writer's block writing this chapter. But here it is! Thank you all for your reviews. Chapter 4 "So Fred and George just went off to Egypt and haven't been back in weeks," Ron explained. "They hired some guy fresh out of school to man the store while they're gone but I don't think he was expecting them to be gone for quite so long." Harry chuckled when he thought about just what the twins were getting up to. Ron, Hermione and himself were sitting in the Hogwarts express that would once again take them to their beloved school for the last time. Well, at least for Ron and Hermione. Harry could have taken the floo but wanted to experience this ride one last time. Next year though, he probably would just travel with Snape instead. Lucky for him, Ron was now limerick-free. "They didn't even tell me what they were going to do," Ron continued, "They said that they were going to visit Bill but I don't think that would take so long. And why wouldn't they know when they would be able to get back from a regular visit? No, something fishy is going on." "They probably just needed a vacation," Hermione offered, "They've been working so very hard, after all." Ron huffed, "I doubt it. Their workplace is their playground. Every day is a holiday for those two. No, I think they're trying to invent another joke or prank of sorts which they're going to test on me as soon as they're back." "So don't eat anything they give you," Harry suggested. "He could never turn down food," Hermione said indignantly, "Not even if he suspected it was laced with something suspicious." "It is bad practice to waste food," Ron said matter-of-factly. "And I'm at least eighty per cent sure that the twins won't try to kill me." "But they might have you speaking in limericks for another month," Harry said. Ron made a rude sound. "Like they would ever get the recipe from Snape," he said, "Nah, It'll probably be something less subtle like… I don't know… Having someone speak in a high pitched voice or something." "I don't know, Ron, they might end up surprising you," Harry teased. "What?" Ron exclaimed, "Harry, you know something, don't you?" "Don't be silly," Harry replied easily, "How would I know more than you? It's not like they randomly stop by or anything." Harry winked at Hermione who giggled into her hand. "Have any of you seen Draco, by the way?" Harry asked, "I'm a bit surprised that he didn't join us." "I think that coming back to school might be a bit hard for him," Hermione replied softly, "We've been owling over the holidays and he doesn't like leaving his mother alone for so long. Not after… you know." "Yeah," Ron agreed, "It must be tough coming back here. This is where his dad got killed and everything." "I guess he's grateful that there's only one year left of school," Harry said, "I wonder what he's planning on doing after." "Artefact creation," Hermione said easily, "That's what he's told me anyway. He's gotten really interested in it." "It beats Death Eater," Ron shrugged. "Ron!" Hermione chided, "What an awful thing to say." "I was just kidding, Hermione," Ron said, frowning somewhat. "You really don't need to protect the Malfoy heir against all the evils in the world." "I'm not!" Hermione argued, "I just think he needs a friend, right now." "Fine," Ron said sort if grumpily, "But don't forget that I need you too." Hermione rolled up the magazine she was reading and lightly tapped Ron on the head with it. "Don't be jealous, Ronald," she chided, "You know you're much more important to me." Ron grinned. "You'd best remember that! Oh Harry, did you want a chocolate frog?" Harry accepted and unwrapped his chocolate treat as Hermione went back to reading 'The Practical Potioneer'. Harry frowned when he recognised the cover. "Since when do you read Potions magazines?" he asked. Hermione huffed somewhat in annoyance. "Well, I'll have you know I've looked into staying at Hogwarts for a specialisation year as well. And to do that, I've been reading up on the different Masters and what is required to become one." "Severus is always reading that magazine as well," Harry pointed out. "Well, of course, he is," Hermione said exasperatedly, "It's the foremost magazine on everything regarding potions after all. If you want to stay on top of things, you need to be reading it every time another edition comes out. Didn't you know that?" Harry flushed a little. "No, I didn't," he admitted, "Do you think I could read it once you're done with it?" Hermione passed him the magazine with a sigh, "Go ahead. I've already read it twice," she said, "And there's a form in the back that you can fill out if you want a subscription. I suggest that you do so since you've already chosen to specialise in potions." "I will!" Harry said gratefully, "Thanks, Hermione." "You're very welcome," Hermione replied sweetly as she withdrew another magazine from her bag called 'A plan for Plants'. Ron rolled his eyes and got up from his seat. "You guys have fun," he said flatly, "I'll just go look for Draco or Neville or something." Both Hermione and Harry grunted noncommittally, already engrossed in their reading. When Harry, Ron and Hermione walked over to their usual spots in the middle of the Gryffindor table, they noticed Draco sitting on the Slytherin side. When they saw each other, Draco raised his hand in greeting but stayed in his seat. Harry didn't know if he was staying because he still needed some time to himself or not but either way, he was sure that during the night of the sorting at least, students were not allowed to mingle among other houses. Especially when those students were prefects. So Harry just smiled in return and took his seat. He glanced over at the high table and noticed that Snape was regarding him carefully. Almost as he had done during the feast, his very first year. But there was no malice in his eyes this time. Harry smiled at him which seemed to satisfy Snape since he turned away and started talking to McGonagall. Harry had not anticipated for a new teacher to make their way into Hogwarts this year since Slughorn was still teaching potions, and Snape had managed to hold on to the defence position, but there she was. She was a woman in her early thirties with long, dark chocolate hair and amber eyes that seemed to shine with glee as she took in the great hall. She was clearly not very tall and seemed somewhat shy as she was listening politely to other teachers' conversations but didn't jump in herself. Harry thought she looked sort of lonely as she sat there. And who was she anyway? All the other teachers seemed to still be present so Harry could not imagine what the woman was doing there. As always, McGonagall stood at the ready with the sorting hat to divide the new group of first years into the four houses. Harry clapped along dutifully for every child that joined Gryffindor but ignored the jeers and scathing remarks some of the Gryffindors would make when a child was sorted into Slytherin. When the sorting was over, Dumbledore rose from his seat and spread his arms to signify that he was about to make an announcement. It didn't take long for the majority of the children to quiet down and for the rest of them to be elbowed by their peers until they too shut their mouth. Once everyone had settled down, Dumbledore smiled happily, his eyes twinkling and addressed the students. "It is nice to see so many new faces grace this hall with their presence, this year," he began, "And it pleases me, even more, to announce that one of those new faces will be your new History of Magic teacher." Surprised murmurs rose from the more seasoned students of Hogwarts. Dumbledore allowed it to go on for a few minutes before resolutely raising a hand, motioning for everyone to calm down once more. "It has come to my attention that Professor Binns no longer wished to teach. He would rather spend the rest of his death in peace and quiet. We thank him for the many years of service and wish him the very best. In his stead, we welcome the very talented and engaging Professor Maya Bell." The new woman gave a small wave, smiling shyly before dropping her hand and looking back at Dumbledore. "That's the author of 'Connections through the ages'," Hermione hissed. "I am well aware that most of you who had the opportunity dropped the subject of History of Magic altogether," Dumbledore continued, "Which has resulted in there not being a single student in the NEWT class. Now I am aware that this is perhaps the result of something other than simply the subject matter." Harry noticed Snape shake his head lightly in dismay. "Which is why I want to offer you all a chance to get reacquainted with History of Magic. I only ask of you that you see it through for a couple of weeks. If you decide – after these weeks – that you would still wish to drop the subject, I will not blame you and allow you to do so without a problem. But it would make me most happy if you would generously use your time to give Professor Bell a chance. I know for sure that she might surprise you." Dumbledore's eyes twinkled fiercely in the light of the enchanted candle. "Now I do believe that I've kept you long enough," Dumbledore concluded, "Please enjoy your meal." After this confusing turn of events, platters appeared on every edge of every table, filled with the most delicious food of any kind. Harry grabbed the first pitcher of pumpkin juice that was in reach and smelled it carefully before pouring himself a glass. He took a small sip and slushed it around in his mouth cautiously before deciding that if it was indeed poisoned, it was undetectable. He looked over his shoulder to see Draco give him a sheepish grin and held up his glass in salute before drinking resolutely. He then looked at Snape who raised his eyebrow at him and Harry gave him the thumbs up after which Snape rolled his eyes. "So what do you make of this new teacher?" Hermione asked. "She's cute," Ron said pointedly as he stared at the high table. "Ron!" Hermione chided, smacking him on the head. "It sucks that we need to take History again," Harry groaned, "I won't have enough time for everything as it is." "You can just drop it again after a few weeks," Hermione pointed out, "And besides, it might turn out to be interesting." "Yeah, it's about time they found a replacement for old Binns," Ron said, "I can't believe they didn't do so sooner." "It did seem a bit overdue," Hermione agreed. Harry looked back at the high table to see Professor Bell try and strike up a conversation with Snape but the Potions Master gave her a curt reply and turned away to chat to McGonagall. Bell seemed to take it in stride though. She just shrugged and turned towards Flitwick who sat on her other side and happily engaged in conversation with her. 'Play Nice' Harry wrote on the cuff Snape had given him for his birthday the previous year. Snape looked at his wrist and simply shot Harry an exasperated look before continuing his conversation with the transfiguration professor. "Did Snape tell you about her beforehand?" Ron asked curiously. "Nope," Harry replied, "Kept me completely in the dark." "Oh well, he doesn't strike me as the talkative type even at the best of times," Ron said. "He probably wasn't allowed to say anything," Hermione argued. "Why in the world would that even matter?" Ron asked, "This could hardly be considered a state secret." "Well, whatever the case, I think it's nice that we get another shot at History this year," Hermione said resolutely, "And who knows. If she's a good teacher, I might even consider a speciality year in the subject." "If McGonagall allows you to," Harry pointed out. "Oh, why wouldn't she?" Hermione said, "No professor would ever deter a student from learning more, would they?" Hermione dug into her food and Ron shared a knowing look with Harry. McGonagall better agree to something or Hermione was going to be hell to be around for the entirety of the year. After a day of classes that were hardly interesting, Harry found himself in the library with Hermione at his side. They had been in there for an hour already, finishing up the homework they had already been assigned before moving on to more personal topics. For Hermione that meant building a case for herself that would hopefully convince McGonagall to allow her to stay an extra year. For Harry, this meant building up his theorem. The sheer amount of books in the library were sure to help him. And lucky for him, Snape had trusted him enough to grant him unlimited access to the forbidden section. That was a good thing too because there was information there that he would desperately need. The current subject matter of interest was Dementors. 'Related to the Lethifolds, Dementors are that much more vile. They cannot be killed but they do have a natural life-span that runs out eventually. No one knows how long that is since no dementor can be distinguished from the rest.' Harry skimmed the pages as he tried to find what he was looking for. 'They feed off of people's terror and darkness, removing all feelings of happiness as they draw closer to make it easier for them to prey on their victims. When their prey is sufficiently made devoid of happiness and hope, the soul becomes more vulnerable to outside influences. Eventually, it can be taken by a dementor, resulting in what is known as the Dementor's kiss. There is no recovery possible from such an attack.' "What are you reading about?" Hermione asked, shaking Harry's focus. "Dementors," Harry replied, showing Hermione the passage he was reading. "interesting," Hermione said, "A bit dark, but interesting." "It's remarkable that they attack the soul," Harry told her, "They are able to suck out, and therefore move a soul, something that is normally not only invisible but also untouchable which is probably why most muggles are sceptical about its existence." Hermione nodded contemplatively, "True," she agreed, "Since they consume thoughts and emotions, I can only assume that the soul is classified in the same category as those." "I don't think that's entirely right," Harry said, "I think the soul is the category." "Ah, that would make a lot of sense!" Hermione said, "But what does that mean?" "Do you remember that spell my mother created?" Harry asked, "The one that can convey emotion?" "Of course I do," Hermione huffed indignantly, "We used it to help Draco out, after all." "What if I can use it to sort of imitate the dementors? You know, to draw a soul closer." "I don't know, Harry," Hermione said carefully, "That sounds kind of dark. And I think it's an innate ability of theirs, not one you can emulate. And why would you want to do something like that anyway?" "It's not like that," Harry replied, "I don't plan on sucking out anyone's soul or anything. What I want to do is attract them, pull them closer so to speak. I can't explain why just yet. It's for the potion I'm trying to create, you see?" "Well, as long as you're careful," Hermione said, frowning at her friend, "Professor Snape is supervising you, right?" "He is," Harry assured her, "I am not even allowed to start brewing until he approves of my theorem." He sighed heavily, "I've already worked on it a bit over the summer but it's coming along very slowly." "Well it's not as if you have a deadline," Hermione pointed out, "Take it slow and be thorough. Especially when meddling with things like dementors." "Don't worry, I will be," Harry assured her. Hogwarts was overtaken by a horrible heatwave. It had gotten so bad that the students were allowed to forego their school robes and were wearing nothing but their normal clothes. Even most of the teachers refused to don their teaching robes. Only Snape seemed to ignore the suffocating heat, proudly stalking through the hallways as his robes billowed behind him. It helped, of course, that he spent a large portion of his day in the dungeons. Even the defence classroom was in the vicinity of the cooler part of the castle. The many owls that lived in the school were sluggish and annoyed, preening their feathers more than normal and delivering the mail with long delays. Hedwig, however, seemed to be worse off than any of the other owls. One morning, she came swooping in at breakfast. She was on her way back from delivering Harry's subscription for 'The Practical Potioneer', the first edition already tied to her talons, when she all but crashed into his bowl of cereal. "Hedwig!" Harry exclaimed loudly, jumping up from his seat. Hedwig screeched softly as she flapped her wings weakly. "Take her to Hagrid," Hermione said in a panicked tone, "He'll know what to do." Harry didn't need to be told that a second time. He scooped up the weakened owl in his arms and raced to the high table where none of the teachers seemed to have noticed anything being amiss. Hagrid – who was sweating profusely under the mass of hair that he called a beard – looked up as Harry came to a stop in front of the high table and showed him the weakened owl. "Hagrid," he said helplessly, "Something's wrong with Hedwig." "Oh dear," Hagrid said as he took Hedwig from Harry, "It'll be alright, my beauty, don't you worry." Hagrid emptied a bowl of potatoes onto his plate and filled it with cool water. He dunked Hedwig's feet in the bowl but kept her body out of it, offering her a separate saucer to drink from. "What's wrong with her, Hagrid?" Snape asked apprehensively, unhappy about Harry's expression. "She's overheated," Hagrid explained, "Snowy owls are not used to temperatures such as these." "What can I do?" Harry asked worriedly. "You'd best take 'er somewhere cold, while it's this hot out," Hagrid replied, "Take 'er to the dungeons if you can. I'm sure she'll perk right up after a few hours." Harry looked at Snape with a sort of pleading look in his eyes. "Would that be alright, sir?" he asked. "Of course," Snape agreed easily, "I wouldn't dare put your owl's health at risk." He thought it over for a second, "I would advise you to put her in the students' potions lab. Not a lot of people actually use it, and it's cold in there. I would put her in my chambers but there's always a fire burning down there so I doubt that would be an adequate solution." Harry turned to Professor Slughorn at that. "Would that be alright with you, professor?" he asked. "Of course, Harry!" Slughorn replied amicably, "Anything for one of my top students. Just make sure you provide her with a perch so she won't sit on any of the cauldrons." "Thanks, Professor," Harry said and raced down to the dungeons with a slightly more lively Hedwig on his arm, the magazine still attached to her foot. As promised, he provided her with a makeshift perch immediately, setting her up with food and water and taking her burden away from her. "I'm sorry, girl," Harry said as he stroked Hedwig's soft feathers, "I should have realized the weather was too hot for you. But don't worry, I won't have you flying out for a while." Hedwig hooted softly in return, ruffling her feathers somewhat in dismay. "It's for your own good, you know," Harry said, "But I'll keep you company as often as I can, okay?" Hedwig clicked her beak and tilted her head slightly as if she was thinking it over. Then she flapped her wings, causing a loose feather to fall to the ground. "Hmmm, that won't do," Harry said, "It would be bad for random owl feathers to be added to people's potions. But don't worry!" Harry took out his wand and twirled it a few times as he walked around Hedwig, murmuring the incantation 'castus' under his breath. "There," Harry proclaimed proudly, "If I did it right, you shouldn't be dropping any feathers or dirt or anything into anyone's cauldrons. I wouldn't want you to get kicked out." Hedwig didn't respond this time. She just stared at Harry accusingly. "I promise that you won't get bored," Harry tried to dispel Hedwig's foul mood. "Who knows, you could even help me out when I brew some potions." Hedwig clicked her beak and turned away from Harry to start pruning her feathers. Harry sighed. "Get some rest, girl," he told her, "And don't bite anyone." Another chapter concluded if you can believe it. I wonder what you're all thinking? Care to review and tell me? Thanks for reading!
Chapter 5 "So Hedwig, as we already knew, you can only see thestrals once you've seen death and accepted it." Hedwig hooted knowingly in response. "Exactly!" Harry said as he turned the page of his book. Hedwig sat on her perch, tilting her head as her master continued reading. "It says right here that they serve as some sort of bridge between the world of the living and the dead. They are generally accepted as an ill omen but they're really kind creatures – Luna would agree with that, I'm sure – that merely seek to heal the ones left behind. Mentally, that is." Harry sighed, "The bridge between our worlds…" Hedwig flapped her wings twice and clicked her beak sharply, causing Harry to look up; "Oh, right!" He grabbed hold of the sprigs of lavender he had already prepared and threw them in his simmering cauldron. "Just in time. Thanks, Hedwig." Harry stirred his concoction a few times, checking to make sure that it changed into the correct colour and sat back down into his chair. "So perhaps a few strands of thestral hair could do the trick," Harry mused. He scribbled a few notes on a piece of parchment that was already littered with askew sentences, carelessly deposited onto the paper as if written down in haste. "But should I use the hair of their tails or the hair of their manes? Hmmm…" Hedwig sagged somewhat on her perch, visibly relaxing as her master continued studying. "Marigold flowers would work well in contrast," Harry mused out loud, "But I could also use Acacia leaves." Hedwig ruffled her feathers in obvious dismay. "What?" Harry chuckled, looking up, "You don't like Acacia leaves?" Hedwig screeched shortly in response. "Marigold flowers it is," Harry said, writing down his chosen ingredient. Hedwig hooted softly, tucking her head under her wing. "Oh, shoot!" Harry suddenly exclaimed, "I'm going to be late for History of Magic!" He hastily put a stasis spell on the cauldron, swept his notes into one big, messy pile and grabbed his bag and books as he held his quill between his teeth. "Ber Herdwerg," Harry tried saying but he got no response from the owl. In a hasty flurry, he bolted out of the dungeon and raced towards his next class, spotting the person in his path just a tad too late. And who better to crash into than Draco Malfoy? With a thud, Harry landed hard on his backside, his books scattered everywhere, pieces of parchment still fluttering in the air as they slowly descended. Harry's quill had dropped to the ground and rolled away somewhere. "Seriously, Potter, can't you watch where you're going?" Draco chided in annoyance, "A guy can't even walk through the dungeons anymore without being knocked on his arse." "Sorry," Harry mumbled sheepishly as he got off the floor. He rubbed his backside tenderly before extending a hand to the Malfoy heir who took it gracefully. Harry pulled him upright before he went to pick up his things in a hurry. "Sorry, Draco," Harry apologized, "I'm going to be late for History." "You're actually going?" Draco asked incredulously, "You Gryffindors really are too goody-two-shoes. You dropped the class! There's really no reason to go back there. It's boring as hell anyway." "So I take it you didn't go?" Harry asked as he took one of the books Draco offered him. "Not a chance," Draco replied easily, "I've got better things to do than listen to the tedious details of orc and goblin wars. I would think you do too." Harry shrugged. "I don't see the harm," he admitted, "If I don't like it, I can always drop it again, just like Dumbledore said. I just feel kind of bad for Professor Bell you know?" "Oh, I get it now!" Draco exclaimed happily, "You've got the hots for her." "Wha- no!" Harry replied hastily, "She's like thirty" Harry started walking at a hurried pace. If he was fast, he could still make it. Draco followed along, not letting up. "True as that may be," he said, "You have to admit that she's easily the hottest teacher we've ever got." "Hermione would argue that that honour would befall Lockhart," Harry chuckled. Draco rolled his eyes. "Of the female teachers, you dunce," he said, slapping Harry lightly on the head. "Please," Harry scoffed, "I prefer girls my own age." "Oh? Like who?" Draco urged. "Well, this is my stop!" Harry deflected easily, hurrying into the designated classroom. He glanced over his shoulder to see Draco give him an exasperated look but simply sent him a defiant smirk before he went to sit beside Ron and Hermione. Draco left, smiling triumphantly for some reason. "What was that all about?" Ron asked. "Just Draco telling me how hot he thinks Professor Bell is," Harry divulged. Hermione huffed. "Boys," she growled but made no further comment. Harry's eyes locked with Ron's for a moment before they boy chuckled. It was barely a few seconds later that professor Bell flew into the class, looking a bit flustered with several strands of hair out of place. She smiled warmly at the full class of teenagers that was already waiting for her. "Hi guys!" she greeted, "I'm sorry I'm late. It's just so hard to find my way around here." With a loud thud, she allowed her books to fall on her desk. "Oops, sorry!" she winced at the loud noise. "Say, did you know that the staircases move on their own in here? How does anybody get anywhere on time?" The look of amazement in her eyes reminded Harry of many a first grader and made him realize that Bell did not go to school here. "Oh, but I really should get started, shouldn't I?" she said somewhat apologetically. She took out her wand and faced her class, still smiling brightly. "Please open your books to page twenty-three. Today, we will be learning about wizards and witches who have been worshipped by muggles throughout the ages, raising them to a God-like status." "That's a long title," Ron whispered. Harry chuckled and Hermione shot him a disparaging glance. Bell didn't seem to notice though. "There's no need to keep your eyes glued to your textbooks, children," Bell said, "All of my classes have been doing that but I will make sure that you see the world around you instead." She swished her wand in some complicated, elegant patterns when the air itself started to vibrate, taking on colours and foreign outlines. Sounds started to fill the room and Harry clutched his desk hard out of fear that he would fall to the ground as soon as the room stopped writhing and moving. He noticed several others do the same. "Don't worry," Bell said in a soothing voice, "Relax and take in the scene around you. The year is 975 AD. We find ourselves in a town called 'Hofstadir where the winds are cold but the pastures are green." Harry gasped in amazement as he laid eyes upon the large valleys and hillsides as people hustled and bustled to get on with their lives. Most people wore thick, woollen clothes. Pigs, sheep and goats seemed to be walking around in utter chaos but this went unnoticed by the passers-by. "Among the villagers in this town, walks one that is more devious and clever than any of his peers. Here he comes now!" A man walked among the villagers with his head held high, his posture proud as he saluted those he passed. The ones that noticed him bowed down deeply, their noses touching the ground as the man swept past, his long cloak billowing after him as his long, black hair swept in the mind. A mischievous smile adorned his handsome face and his long fingers held a lute that he played as he walked. "His name is Loki," Bell explained, "Some of you have probably heard about him before. He is known as one of the most accomplished Masters in transmutation that have ever walked this green earth. Back then, there was no ministry to keep the wizards in check, so there was no one to stop a wizard from flaunting his skill. Such a wizard often became revered." Loki bowed down to a beautiful young lady with long blond hair, tied into a braid and held out an elegant hand. He spoke in a language that Harry did not understand but the young lady giggled girlishly and took the hand. With one gesture, Loki transformed her old rags into rich clothes. He picked up a few rocks from the ground and transformed them into jewellery which he graciously handed over to the woman. Bell shook her head, smiling thinly. "A very accomplished master indeed but also a trickster," Bell continued. "He broke many a woman's heart as he travelled, and deceived many people just to get what he wanted." "Sounds like he would have done well in Slytherin," Ron snorted." "Quite right, Mr Weasley," Bell agreed, "He would have. If not for his cunning, then surely for his ambition. But let's move on shall we?" Professor Bell swished her wand to the left and the room spun until it stopped on an entirely new scene. "Since we're on the subject of incorrigible tricksters, we shall move further into the past. We are in Greece and the era is 500 BC. Here we encounter a wizard that loved muggles more than anything and was always doing his best to make their lives better, much to the dismay of his fellow wizards and witches, of course. You can imagine just how important 'pure blood' was at that time." The children watched a tall man wearing a ridiculous outfit mingle among what seemed like commoners. Whenever someone tried to bow before him – which many obviously felt compelled to do – he quickly stopped them and held them upright. "This is Hermes. I called him a trickster," Bell explained, "But he is one with a good heart. He would mostly trick his own kind to the benefit of the muggles whom he sought to protect. Pay close attention to the items he carries." Harry squinted and tried to discern the many silly-looking things this Hermes carried with him. He wore a large satchel which depicted a rooster. He also wore a round hat and a travellers cloak. With him, he carried a winged staff which was entwined by two snakes but what was most noticeable were the ridiculous winged sandals he wore. "Could he actually fly with those?" some disbelieving Hufflepuff asked. "He most certainly could," Bell said, "He charmed them much in the way one would charm a broomstick. The wings are completely unnecessary, yes, but they surely filled the hearts of his beloved muggles with awe. The most tricky part was to actually maintain his balance in those shoes as he flew. Can you imagine?" As if ordered to do so, Hermes leapt into the sky and took off, the useless wings on his sandals flapping for nothing but show as he wielded his staff at nothing in particular. "He used his staff for healing and - according to some accounts – for alchemy as well. It is clear how much the muggles loved him and he was rewarded for his efforts by being considered a God." Bell flicked her wand once more and the scenery changed to that of a desert zone. Large pyramids permeated the area and everyone recognised it unmistakably as Egypt. "We have time for one more," Bell said happily, "I clearly don't need to tell you where we are. It is about 2400 BC. This tour of our history would obviously not be complete without including the ancient Egyptians, now would it?" Some of the students agreed wholeheartedly, Hermione being one of them. She had been taking in all of the new information with wide-open eyes and a gleeful smile on her face. In a flash, the scene zoomed in on the base of one of the pyramids where a female lion lay basking in the sun. "Meet Sekhmet," Bell said dreamily, "She was known as the Goddess of War and Healing but truthfully she was just a witch albeit a very powerful one at that." The class watched as the lioness rose from her spot and transformed into a gorgeous woman with long, black hair. Her face was painted with black streaks and she wore garish jewellery coloured in gold and blue. "As you can all see, she was an animagus which only served to enthral the muggles even more." Some of the girls sighed dreamily as they watched the beautiful woman walk towards her subjects. In the background, slaves were hard at work, sweating and labouring away in the dry desert, their slavers always behind them. "It was a different time," Bell said sadly, "And Sekhmet was royalty. She never saw any problem in using slaves and even used them herself. We can only hope that she treated them with kindness." The scenery changed again but was still focused on Sekhmet who stood at the front lines of what appeared to be an army. "She was ferocious," Bell continued, "And she was one of the very best at duelling. She was always at the front lines of any battle and helped her people through many wars." The students watched, their hands clinging to their seats in excitement as Sekhmet charged into battle, casting spells left and right while not even using a wand or anything of the sort. "Even when the enemy had their own wizard or witch –" Bell continued, focusing the scene on another magic user that now came to stand in front of Sekhmet "- She still won every battle. But even so –" The scenery changed again. They were now seeing the aftermath of the battle. Many people were injured and dying. Sekhmet could be seen kneeling down next to a bleeding man. "- She still cared for the lives of the people. She was skilled in battle but also in healing charms. Unfortunately for her, she had plenty of opportunities to practice both." Bell raised her wand into the air and in one fell swoop, the scenery seemed to get sucked up into its tip. The entire class groaned but Bell smiled fondly. "Don't worry, class," she said, "If you would like to, you can take my class for the rest of the year. I understand that history can be a bit boring but if you apply yourself you can learn some interesting stuff." The class murmured incoherently in agreement, excitement clear in the air. "Now," Bell said, clapping her hands together, "I do believe it's time for lunch. This is a bit embarrassing but could any of you show me the way to the great hall? I'm afraid I'll just get lost again and miss lunch entirely." "We'll take you, Professor!" Hermione shouted excitedly, practically jumping up and down. Bell chuckled. "Thank you very much, Ms Granger. I'll take you up on that." She picked up her bag and waited for the golden trio to get out of the classroom after which she locked it magically. "I don't think anyone will be stealing anything from inside there, Professor," Ron said. "Most definitely not, no," Bell replied, "But the magic in this room has been strengthened to aid me in my… way of teaching, so to speak. I wouldn't want anyone wandering in there unsupervised." "That was amazing, Professor!" Hermione said happily before Ron could retort, "Who knew that History of Magic could be so amazing?!" Bell laughed, "Thank you, Ms Granger," she said, "That's quite the compliment. Especially after learning about the horrible reputation my subject has in this school. Everyone seemed to dread coming to my class." "Well, we were taught by a ghost," Ron said evenly, "And he was so boring, everyone always fell asleep." "So I've heard," Bell said shaking her head, "It's such a shame, really. If I had been taught by such a Professor, I'm sure I never would've taken a liking to the subject myself." "Where did you go to school, Professor?" Harry asked daringly. "Ilvermorny," Bells admitted. "That's so far away!" Hermione exclaimed, "You don't sound American at all." "That's because I'm not," Bell chuckled, "But my father had us moved there for work so I had to attend Ilvermorny instead of Hogwarts. It's a shame, really. I had always wanted to come to Hogwarts." "Well, at least now you get to experience it," Harry offered, "And you don't even have to sit through Binn's classes for it." Bell laughed. "I don't think I should be allowing you to speak about my predecessor that way, but I'll permit it just this once." She winked at the threesome as the stairway they were just on changed direction. Bell let out a little yelp and clutched the balustrade tightly. "Why does it do that?" she asked in amusement. "We honestly don't know," Harry replied. "Some would say that Hogwarts is a bit fickle," Hermione supplied, "She likes to toy with new people." "Oh, come on Hogwarts, be nice," Bell chided, "I'm not going to spray paint your walls or anything like that." "It's okay, Professor," Hermione said, "We're still going in the right direction." "This castle is huge," Bell said in awe, "Do you think we're –" "And what is the golden trio doing, wandering around the corridors?" drawled a familiar voice, "Lunch will be starting soon." "Hi, Professor," Harry greeted Snape, completely undeterred by his sour attitude, "We were just on our way there but the staircase moved on us." Snape frowned. "I didn't expect you to be needing a chaperone at this age. Afraid to get cornered by a fantastical beast of sorts?" Harry frowned at Snape's odd behaviour. He opened his mouth to say something when Bell interjected. "Actually, Professor Snape, they're the ones escorting me," she said, biting her lip in embarrassment. "I haven't gotten the hang of navigating this place yet. It's very daunting and I was worried that I wouldn't make it to the great hall in time." Snape raised a sardonic eyebrow, "I understand," he replied curtly and swivelled on his heel to depart but Harry stopped him. "You could help her out, Professor," Harry said sweetly, "You know, show your fellow colleague the area. Show her the secret passages and everything." Snape narrowed his eyes at Harry. "Don't presume to tell me what to do, Mr Potter or I will be forced to punish you accordingly." Harry was ready to fight Snape on this but was stopped by a hand on his shoulder. It was Bell's. She smiled sweetly at Snape and said: "That's okay, really. I'll be fine. You go on ahead and we'll make it there on time as well." Snape nodded curtly and walked away, his robes ever-billowing. "What's his problem?" Harry muttered, "He's acting as if someone stole all of his dragon blood." Bell chuckled softly, "Now, Harry, you shouldn't say stuff like that." "And why do you call him 'Professor Snape'?" Harry asked, "All of the other teachers call him Severus. And he's about your age." "Well," Bell said in a hushed voice, "He kind of scares me. But don't tell him I said that! He'll probably be very mad that I said anything of the sorts to a student. As a matter of fact, could you just forget the last five minutes happened? That would be great." "If you say so, Professor," Ron shrugged. "But he's really not as bad as he seems," Harry said. "Though he does take some getting used to," Hermione supplied, "But once you've moved past his walls, you'll see that he has a heart of gold." Ron snorted, "Hermione! Did you forget that awful potion he fed me?" "Well, you were rummaging through his potions lab," Hermione said smartly, "What did you expect?" "You all dared me to do it!" Ron huffed, "And a Gryffindor does not back away from a dare." Bell chuckled merrily, "Is that what Gryffindors stand for then? I'll be sure to remember that." "What house were you sorted into, Professor?" Hermione asked, "I know that Ilvermorny has four houses as well." "I love that you know that!" Bell said happily, "Well, I was sorted into Thunderbird." "I guess I can see that," Hermione nodded knowingly. Harry and Ron just shared a confused look. "Here we are!" Harry said as he gestured towards the open doors to the great hall. "You three are my heroes!" Bell exclaimed happily as she led the way inside. She waved one last time at the trio as they took their seat. "See you next time!" she shouted before half-walking, half-running to the high table to sit in the last available spot next to Filch to whom she amicably started chatting away. "What are you looking at?" Ginny chided as she saw Harry staring after Bell. "Just wondering how someone so airheaded managed a teaching position here," Harry said, shaking his head. "I like the way she teaches, though," Ginny said, "She's much better than Binns ever was." "Much better looking too – Ow! Hermione!" Ron was rubbing the sore spot on his head where Hermione had hit her with her book. "What was that for?" "For being a pig," Hermione snarled before digging into her food. Ron rolled his eyes and stuffed two rolls in his mouth. Meanwhile, Harry smiled wryly at Ginny who winked at him with a smirk. "Why are you being such a git?" Harry asked as he carefully measured his sheep's milk. "Excuse me?" Snape snarled. Harry finished measuring, the tip of this tongue between his teeth and waited to respond until he had put the beaker back down. "To Professor Bell, I mean," Harry said, "You're acting as if she were some first-year Gryffindor or something." "I believe that my interactions with other members of the staff are of no concern to you," Snape said dangerously, "Now, focus." "Don't be like that," Harry groaned, "No one is around to hear us anyway. I don't get why you're being so defensive. Hold on, it says here to use a sprig of rosemary but wouldn't the potion do better with azaleas? I'm sure it would react better to the acid of the snake venom." "Interesting argument," Snape conceded, "Go ahead and try it but be sure to wear gloves as you do so. Also, I am not being defensive. I simply do not like her. There are a lot of people I don't like and I don't want to be forced to interact with them." "No one is forcing you," Harry said as he rummaged through the stash of ingredients, looking for azaleas. "Then what would you call that attempt to have me show her around the castle?" Snape huffed, "Social interactions are bad enough without them being forced on me." "A little bit of common courtesy could go a long way," Harry said as he retrieved his prize. "And who knows, you might end up liking her." "She is far too child-like and energetic for my taste," Snape snarled, his nose scrunched up in disgust, "I've heard about her lessons. Ridiculous." "Brilliant!" Harry countered, "I don't think anyone will want to drop History of magic now. If she teaches like that all the time, we will all be history buffs in no time." "I would rather you focused on potions," Snape said, watching with interest how Harry carefully tossed in the azalea leaves. "I am!" Harry said, "And hey. You're the one who told me to keep up with my other classes as well. Don't get all upset with me that I find them interesting." Snape didn't respond. He watched intently as the potion in Harry's cauldron bubbled gently. Hedwig flew over and landed on Harry's shoulder, hooting softly. "What do you think?" Harry asked. "Shh," Snape hushed him, "Give it some time." They both watched the concoction intently. When it stopped bubbling, Harry hauled it off the fire and bottled the brew. "Hmm," Snape pondered, "I suggest that we test the potion as soon as we can. Don't forget to write down your findings and your work. If this potion turns out to be more potent, it might interest a lot of people." "I only changed one thing." Harry argued, "It won't change the world." "We can only change one thing at a time, Harry," Snape said, "The important thing is for you to keep trying. I hope you all enjoyed that. What do you all make of Professor Bell? Please grace me with your reviews! They help keep me happy and motivated.
I want to thank you lovely people for the reviews. I'm especially happy that Maya is so well received since she will play an important part later on. Please enjoy! Chapter 6 A loud, cackling laugh pierced the night air as Greyback ripped a poor unsuspecting muggle apart under the eerie light of the full moon. Bellatrix sat slouched comfortably against a large oak tree, twirling her wand expertly while she giggled, her amusement triggered by the helpless howls of Greyback's victims. Rodolphus and Rabastan Lestrange sat with her, quietly taking in the dark scene as it played out. They were not disturbed so to speak but they didn't share in the crazed delight Bellatrix seemed to drown her senses in whenever she saw blood. "I honestly don't understand what you see in her," Rabastan whispered to his brother, "She's mental." "Be quiet," Rodolphus said softly, throwing Rabastan a disparaging look. "She might kill you just for saying that, you know?" "My point exactly," Rabastan muttered through gritted teeth. He kicked the corpse of the half-eaten muggle that lay before him as he waited for the feral werewolf to finish his meal. "I just don't understand why we have to stay with them," Rabastan said. "You know very well why," Rodolphus hissed, "I don't know if it has escaped your attention but for the last year, our kind has been hunted down and thrown into Azkaban. Or worse, murdered in cold blood. I prefer my chances as they are in a larger group instead of by myself, thank you very much." "Rookwood seems to be doing fine all alone," Rabastan sighed. "Well I'm sorry to say but you are simply not as clever or cunning as Rookwood," Rodolphus replied, "You are welcome to take your chances by yourself, brother but I am staying with my wife and her pet wolf if it's all the same to you." "What are you two blathering about?" Bellatrix' shrill voice cut through the sultry summer air. "We were just wondering about Rookwood's whereabouts, my dear," Rodolphus replied, "No one has seen him in a while." "I doubt that anyone will see him again," Bellatrix pouted, "He's always been a cowardly little rat. Very much like Pettigrew, you know. He likes to hide and bide his time while his stronger allies do all the dirty work." "Of course, Bella," Rodolphus said trying not to unnerve his wife. Bellatrix huffed, putting her hands on her hips. "What? Don't you like being around me anymore?" Rodolphus put on his winning smile and closed the distance between him and his wife in one long stride. He slid his arm around her waist and pulled her closer to him, his lips meeting hers in what appeared to be a wild, passionate kiss. But while her eyes were closed, Rodolphus shot a warning look at his brother before refocusing his attention on taming the beast. "I would never want to leave your side, my love," he added for good measure. "We're simply worried about our current status." Bellatrix wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and grinned widely as she tapped Rodolphus' nose lightly. "I'm sorry, my pet," she whispered, "It's all because of that traitor, Snape that we're in this mess." "You are quite right, my darling," Rodolphus agreed easily, glad that the focus wasn't on him or his brother for a change. He tried desperately to ignore the sounds of ripping flesh and someone gurgling as they tried to breathe through their blood-filled throat. "If it wasn't for Snape, we would all still be in the presence of our esteemed and wonderful Lord." As expected, Bellatrix fell despairingly into his arms, wailing loudly as she was reminded of their tragic loss. "There will never again be one as great as he was," Bellatrix sniffed, clinging onto Rodolphus' robes as she sobbed. "He understood. He always understood." "I know Bella," Rodolphus said lovingly. Or at least, he tried to sound loving. Greyback howled somewhere in the distance and Rodolphus' eyes darted to his brother who was looking around in fear, probably wondering if he would be Greyback's next victim. "I will murder them," Bellatrix suddenly said viciously. "What did you say, my love?" "I will murder them all!" Bellatrix screeched, "And I will start with Snape and that Potter brat. They took my lord away. My reason for being alive! I shall take their lives as compensation and they will suffer greatly before I do!" Rodolphus had to do his very best not to roll his eyes at the deranged woman. She had been spouting nonsense about revenge every other night. But the truth was that as long as they were hunted by the ministry, they could hardly move about casually. Planning any sort of attack on people who were under the protection of Hogwarts and – by extension – Dumbledore would be nothing short of foolish. Even Bellatrix would be able to understand that. Harry carefully watched the bubbling of the potion in his cauldron, adding the ingredients at exactly the right intervals. He was stirring the concoction as he wandlessly commanded his stirrer to circle in intricate patterns, holding his book open with the hand that was not busy casting spells. He barely heard Slughorn's lecture or corrections as he hovered near other students' cauldrons. Instead, Harry focused carefully on the hiccoughing solution he was brewing. A silly potion for being relatively difficult to brew, for sure. Especially when one considered the fact that hiccoughing was harmless most of the time and would pass on its own. But it was good practice. In fact, Harry thought that if he tweaked the potion a bit, it might become useful to combat heartburn. "Perfect as always, Harry," Slughorn commented as he glanced into Harry's cauldron. "Thank you, sir," Harry replied politely, careful not to look away from what he was doing. It was not as if he didn't value Slughorn's opinion but he valued Snape's more. And he knew that brewing at this level was far beneath him at this point. And Harry suspected that Slughorn knew it too. The old Potions master hovered for a few seconds more while Harry revisited his heartburn idea in his mind. Something seemed to be bothering the man but Harry paid it no attention at this point. Harry put a stasis on his cauldron before hurrying off to the pantry. It was so odd to think that rummaging through the various potion ingredients felt like second nature by now. A couple of years ago, he would not have recognized that black lotus that was carefully tucked away in a corner, nor would he have known what its uses were. Harry smiled to himself as he considered how far he'd come and kept looking for the ingredients he needed. It wasn't long until he had his hands on some root of the ginger plant but it took him a while longer to find the liquorice. He emerged victoriously and noticed that Slughorn was looking at him. Harry thought it would be best if he actually made his intentions known and approached the older man. "Excuse me, sir," Harry said politely. "What can I do for you, Harry?" Slughorn asked kindly, "Those ingredients do not belong in the hiccoughing solution." "I'm aware of that, Professor," Harry said, "But I was wondering if you would allow me to alter the potion a bit to make it more… well… useful." "That is not really the assignment, Harry," Slughorn said doubtfully, "My request of you was a hiccoughing solution." "I understand sir," Harry said, "So how about I divide the potion I've brewed so far into two cauldrons and pick up from there?" "Do you believe yourself proficient enough to work on multiple draughts at once?" Slughorn asked, furrowing his brow. Harry actually snorted at that. "I assure you that's not a problem, sir," Harry replied respectfully, "I've done it many times before." Slughorn considered Harry for a moment before his expression softened. He almost seemed disappointed about something. "Very well," he conceded, "As long as you provide me with a vial of the hiccoughing solution at the end of class, you may proceed as you suggested. But do not expect me to go easy on your grade simply because you took on an extra difficulty." "I wouldn't dream of it, sir," Harry said happily before hurriedly getting back to his cauldron. With a flick of his wand, he summoned a spare cauldron, belonging to the school and set it on the fire. He carefully divided the solution in half and summoned a second stirrer that he put to work as well. If his calculations were correct, the making of the potion could stay the same for the most part but a few of the ingredients needed to be substituted. In the cauldron that was meant to become the hiccoughing solution, Harry carefully added two spoonfuls of anise oil. At the same time, he added the liquorice to his new creation. It smelled sweet and its consistency became a lot thicker. Perhaps not entirely as envisioned. With the anise oil completely absorbed, Harry added the cups of pineapple juice accordingly, moving the stirrer in an up- and downward motion such as to absorb the juice without allowing for too much air to be pushed out. It would still need to bubble, after all. Harry sighed. He could make this potion with his eyes closed. He turned down the fire somewhat to let the hiccoughing solution simmer and turned his attention back to the second cauldron. He finely cut up the ginger root and added it bit by bit to the solution, watching carefully as the tough roots were swallowed by the thicker liquid. It would need to boil for a while longer to soften the tough root, but that would result in more liquid escaping and a thicker solution. So either it could be used as some sort of syrup or he would need to add more water along the way. But that water would not have absorbed any of the ingredients yet so that might be problematic. Perhaps he could – Oh, he had almost forgotten to add the final ingredient to the hiccoughing solution. He grabbed the previously chopped up dill plant and scattered it into the potion, giving it two more stirs before hauling it off the fire and leaving it to cool. It looked positively perfect and should earn him an O easily. However… Harry now stared at the second potion with a hint of defeat but also curiosity. This wouldn't work. He bottled a sample anyway to check out later. Maybe Snape had an idea of what went wrong. "Stay after class if you will, Harry," Slughorn said and when Harry snapped his head up to look at his professor, he found him to be looking at him kindly. "Of course, Professor," Harry agreed, cleaning his working station before deciding that his hiccoughing solution had cooled down enough to bottle as well. Both Hermione and Draco shot Harry a curious glance when class was over but went on ahead without him. It was not as if Slughorn was known as some sort of terrifying teacher. In fact, he had been nothing but friendly in the past so there was no reason for concern. When the last student had left the room, Harry placed his potion on Slughorn's desk and waited. "Ah yes, thank you, Harry," Slughorn said, giving the potion only a momentary glance. His eyes then searched Harry's nervously, almost as if he was some infatuated schoolboy. "Harry," he said gravely, "It has come to my attention that you have been apprenticed to Severus." "That is correct," Harry admitted carefully. Slughorn sighed exasperatedly as he stood behind his chair, leaning heavily on the slim piece of furniture. After a moment's consideration, he asked: "May I ask why you haven't asked me to be your master? I am the current Potions Master of Hogwarts, after all. Not to mention that I'm the one who taught Severus most of what he knows. I have far more experience and I daresay that I am most likely the more capable brewer." Harry was taken aback for a moment. Slughorn was jealous? "It is clear to me that you are a very talented young man indeed," Slughorn continued when Harry didn't answer. "At least as talented as your mother was if not even more so. I would have very much liked to tutor you as well. Have you not even considered me?" "Professor," Harry stammered uncomfortably, "I'm not sure if you've heard but I have been living with Professor Snape for the last couple of years. Not only that, but he officially adopted me last Christmas. Even if you were the better potioneer –" Which you're not, thought Harry, "- It was still far easier for me to be aligned to someone who already had a connection with me. You see Professor, he knows me better than anyone at this point and he knows how to motivate and teach me." "So it was more about your personal connection than about skill?" Slughorn questioned. "That would be accurate," Harry said dryly. "I suppose I can understand that," Slughorn agreed, "Especially after having so tragically lost both of your parents." Harry simply nodded. He knew what Slughorn was trying to do. He wanted to start building some sort of rapport between the two of them but Harry really didn't feel like opening up to Slughorn. Not that he was a bad man, per se, but Harry didn't like how the man seemed to collect people. "Very well, Harry," Slughorn said after a moment's respite, "Thank you for your explanation. Just remember that if you ever need potion advice and Severus is not around, that I can always help you out. Now run along." "Yes, thank you, Professor," Harry replied before hastily leaving, hoping that he hadn't missed too much of lunch yet. The tables in the great hall were still stacked with food and drink and not a single student had left yet. Harry supposed that he had more time than he originally thought. He went to sit with his friends and glanced at the high table, meeting Snape's gaze. The man raised his eyebrows as if asking Harry where he had been but Harry simply shrugged. The man might officially be his father now, but there was no reason for Harry to go and tell him everything that was going on as soon as it happened. He would explain Slughorn's jealousy to him the next time they shared a pot of tea or something. "What did he want?" Draco asked as he slid in the seat next to Harry. None of the Gryffindors even seemed to care anymore that the Slytherin prince joined their table every now and then. It had become a normal occurrence and Draco wasn't pestered about it by either side anymore. "He wanted to know why I chose Snape over him," Harry said easily. Draco snorted. "Ah, the never-ending battle for The-Boy-Who-Continues-To-Live." "Honestly," Harry growled, "You would think that with Voldemort gone, people would pay less attention to me." "Less?" Ron exclaimed, his mouth filled to the brim. "You killing off the greatest threat to the wizarding world in decades has only increased the wonder surrounding the golden boy, you know?" "Chew with your mouth closed, Ronald," Hermione chastised. "Did Slughorn understand in the end, Harry?" "I think he did," Harry shrugged. Before anyone could say anything else, Peeves flew into the great hall, much to the dismay of most of the teachers and students present. Instead of charging forward, like he normally would, he floated near the entrance, looking over his shoulder as if he were waiting for someone. A few seconds later, a frayed and out of breath Professor Bell appeared, smiling sheepishly when she saw everyone's gaze fall on her. "Milady," Peeves said jovially as he bowed exaggeratedly, stretching his arm across the hall. "Thank you, Peeves," Bell said gratefully, "I don't know what I would have done without you." Peeves cackled loud before disappearing through a wall. "Bloody hell," Ron whispered, "Did she tame Peeves?" "Looks like it," Draco replied in utter amazement. "In the end, it was beauty that tamed the beast." "Stop drooling," Harry chided, "Before she hears you. And isn't it beauty that killed the beast?" Bell walked alongside the Gryffindor table to go and sit in her usual seat but stopped briefly next to Hermione to whisper: "I got lost again," before she hurried along. Hermione chuckled loudly as the slightly flushed Professor Bell took her seat next to Snape who only gave her a sideways glance before stiffly buttering his toast. Bell tried to offer him the jam but Snape ignored her completely. Eventually, she put the jam down next to the butter and focused on a bowl of fruit salad herself. "Looks like Snape found a new victim to assert his dominance over," Ron said flatly. "Maybe he's just not used to pretty ladies sitting next to him?" Draco offered. "Oh, stop it already!" Hermione huffed, "If you like her so much, why did you skip her class?" "You really shouldn't have," Ron added, "It was brilliant." "So I've heard," Draco admitted, "I'll go to the next one." When Harry looked at the high table again, he saw Bell having an animated conversation with Dumbledore while Snape sat in between them, looking awfully disgruntled. Harry couldn't help but laugh. He really did like this woman and most others seemed to as well. But it was so like Snape to dislike someone just for being happy and perky. That evening, Harry found himself in the students' lab once again examining the sludge he had created. Hedwig was eating the owl treats Harry had brought for her as he tested the thick liquid to see if it was poisonous. "What are you doing?" Came Snape's deep voice. Harry jumped somewhat, slightly startled at the sudden presence of his adopted father. "Don't do that," he scolded, "prowling around like the dungeon bat you are." Snape raised that typical sardonic eyebrow and smirked maliciously. "Five points from Gryffindor for your disrespect." Harry made a distracted noise as he went back to examining his failure. "I will ask again," Snape said impatiently, "What are you doing?" "Trying to find out if I made something that works or if I just made expensive mud." Snape snorted, "Expensive mud is the main export product of Potions Apprentices. It's too bad nobody will buy it." "I thought I was on to something," Harry said, ignoring Snape's attempt at a joke, "But my instincts might have been off." "Harry," Snape sighed, "What are we practising here?" Harry looked up in confusion, twirling his sludge vial back and forth. "I may call this subject an art when I try to get through to students but in reality, it is a science. Everything needs to be carefully measured and calculated if you want something to work. Surely, you know that?" "Of course I do," Harry said grumpily, "It was a spur of the moment thing." "It's fine if you want to try some things," Snape replied, "But it would be better if you thought these things through before you put them to the test. You can get lucky every now and then but if you do something very wrong, you might blow up." "I know what ingredients not to mix, you know," Harry argued, "I might accidentally make the potion inert but I doubt I would blow anything up." He was getting a bit annoyed with Snape's interference. "Don't presume that you know everything," Snape said sternly, "Not even I know the full effects of every single ingredient out there, let alone their effects on each other. You are most likely aware of the basics behind most of the ingredients found on the premises but I highly doubt you've explored every single possible combination." Harry huffed in annoyance. "Not yet, no but I can't get there without doing research!" "Mind your tone," Snape said gruffly, "And you're right. You have to do research but that doesn't mean randomly throwing some ingredients together and hoping that they magically bland into what you've envisioned. Did you even calculate the proper amounts before acting on your instincts?" "No, sir," Harry admitted. "But I was sure I got it. It seemed like such an easy substitution." Snape's gaze softened. "It's not atypical of apprentices to believe they know the ins and outs of the craft," he said gently, "But it would do well for you to know your limits before you proceed. If not for your own safety, than for that of others." Harry nodded and thrust his vial in Snape's direction. "So this is –" "Expensive mud," Snape replied easily. "Why don't you work out what you were trying to do and attempt it again tomorrow? Don't give up now. I bet you're on to something here." "Okay," Harry said, putting down his notes for now. "Will you help me?" "If you deem it necessary," Snape replied, "Though I would first advise you to try by yourself." Harry nodded, dropping his head on his arms as he looked at Hedwig who was cleaning her feathers. "Slughorn is jealous of you," he said. Snape didn't look the least bit surprised. "Professor Slughorn, Harry," he corrected, "And let me guess. He wished that you had chosen him as a master instead of me." "Yup," Harry said, "Ten points to Slytherin." Snape ruffled Harry's tangled hair as the young man chuckled wearily. "Stop that!" he said, batting Snape's hand away. "Scared I'll chase away the birds?" Snape asked amusedly but continued on in a more serious tone of voice. "Did you get the feeling that Professor Slughorn might treat you unfairly because of this?" "Nah," Harry said, "He's not like that. It felt more like he's going to try to get in my good graces." "He's not a bad ally to have, you know," Snape said thoughtfully, "In the end, he too is an accomplished master." "I guess it's hard to imagine him as such," Harry admitted, "When you're used to your Potions Master gliding through the castle like some sort of deranged dementor, the charismatic feel of an average ageing man is severely reduced." Snape sneered dangerously. "Be careful before this deranged dementor has you gutting toads for the rest of the evening." "You can't," Harry smiled contently. "And do tell me why that is, you brat," Snape snarled. "Because I already cut ginger root today," Harry said cleverly, "It wouldn't react well with the frog's kidney's, sir." Snape smiled broadly. "Exactly right, apprentice." Chapter six is finished already. This is going well. Please share your thoughts with me through the power of the review! 'Imperio!'
Hello, dearies. I need to warn you that while from this chapter I'm heading in the direction of Ginny/Harry, I don't like the pairing and this is not how it's going to go. Also, since romance really isn't my prime writing style, this following chapter will probably have the most romance in the entirety of this fic. It's simply to make Harry's seventeen-year-old brain seem more realistic. I'm sorry for those put off by it, but again, this is simply not how it's going to go. Trust me a bit on this! Chapter 7 Snape sneered maliciously as he sat alone in the staff meeting room. He resolutely despised these gatherings and was absolutely certain that he could spend his time far better than sitting there listening to some old fool proclaim Gryffindor greatness. And yet, Snape found himself with no choice in the matter. However less than ideal this situation might be, Snape was still employed to Albus Dumbledore and would, therefore, need to do at least as much as attend regular staff meetings, however much he loathed it. At least he had managed to avoid the onerous burden of 'Secret Santa' every year. Snape's mind snapped back to attention when Dumbledore moved on from his usual pleasantries and the ridiculous offering of lemon drops. It was only Hogwarts' latest addition that took one of the offered sweets. From the way Dumbledore's eyes sparkled, one would think he had just been gifted a particularly rare novelty. One that would do well on his desk alongside his other thingamabobs. "As the first point on the agenda I would like to inform you all of the very first apprenticeship we have had on school grounds in over a decade," Dumbledore said happily. Snape glanced around the room to see Slughorn, Poppy and McGonagall eyed him knowingly while the rest of the staff stared curiously at Dumbledore. "It has become apparent that Harry Potter displays quite the proficiency in potions. He has therefore been assigned as an apprentice to our very own Severus Snape." Taking in the reactions of the staff was rather amusing. Snape noted that Slughorn seemed beyond envious but this he had already gathered from Harry's explanation. McGonagall seemed rather pleased for some reason. Well, as Harry's head of house she was rather close to him. She must be very aware of the current relationship between what once were antagonists. Perhaps even more so than Dumbledore. Speaking of which, he was gauging the reactions of his employees as much as Snape was but the furious sparkle in those baby blue eyes did not diminish. In fact, they seemed to shine with a brightness that was rare even in Dumbledore. Hagrid was predictable as always. The good-natured oaf wasted no time in congratulating Snape by patting him harshly on the back, practically knocking the wind out of him. Snape did his best to keep up the appearance that he was unbothered by the half-giant's manhandling and graciously accepted his congratulatory slurs. Poppy simply beamed at him. She had definitely seen Snape at his worst, mentally speaking. Snape flushed when he recalled a few moments where he had nearly broken down over Harry's shattered body. It was a good thing that he could count on her discretion or his reputation would be permanently destroyed. Most of the others simply murmured congratulations, some more heartfelt than others. It was clear that some of his colleagues still deemed Snape unworthy of caring for Harry. But then again, they hadn't exactly announced their newfound rapport to the world so that was only to be expected. Maya Bell, the far too gleeful History professor with no sense of direction whatsoever was, of course, not aware of the history Snape and Harry shared. That is unless someone told her about all of the intricate details of the staff's relationships be it among each other or with students. Snape narrowed his eyes as he watched the brunette approach him, her eyes darting around the room as if to gauge everyone else's reaction first. He could see the exact moment she decided on her own tactic when her eyes stopped seeking validation and simply steadied to calmly meet his gaze. She smiled at him warmly and Snape had to keep himself from rolling his eyes at her. What was she even trying to achieve here? "Congratulations, Severus!" she said heartily, "I know I can expect great things from both of you in the future. And who knows –" She actually had the audacity to wink at him. "- you might even wind up in the history books." "Aren't we, already?" Snape drawled, sardonic eyebrow firmly in place. "Well of course you are!" Bell replied easily, "But I meant as academics. Inventors perhaps. I know you are already well established as a potioneer but I can't wait to see you elevate Harry to the same heights!" Snape wondered if Bell was always this energetic and whether she consumed a regular dosage of pepper-up potion for it. "Thank you," he replied sullenly, not in the least interested to continue this conversation. He had hoped that his cold demeanour would cause the woman to flee but she did not. Instead, she glanced around the room, clearly noticing that Snape had chosen to sit somewhere secluded and took the empty seat next to him as he exhaled loudly in response. Bell either didn't notice or didn't care. "Excuse me, Headmaster," Slughorn then said. Snape kept his gaze steady. Oh, here it comes. "I think it rather unwise to have a talent such as the one Harry possesses be under the sole attention of Professor Snape. Not that I in any way disregard his talent for the craft nor his diligence in brewing his creations but we have to keep in mind that this is his first apprentice." "I appreciate your concern, Horace," Dumbledore said kindly, "As I'm sure Severus does as well –" Snape didn't even attempt to look appreciative at Slughorn's meddling, "- but as I'm sure you're well aware, the contract has been signed." "Yes, I gathered as much," Slughorn continued, "And I would never even dream of taking Severus' place in the boy's life. Absolutely not. But perhaps Severus too could use a mentor of sorts." Snape narrowed his eyes dangerously. "To make sure that he follows protocol and leads Harry in the right direction, I would suggest that I am allowed to oversee their interactions, and when I deem it necessary, intervene. If all is well, they will, of course, not encounter any sort of intrusion on my part." Dumbledore seemed to think this over, much to Snape's chagrin. "Will all due respect, headmaster," Snape spoke up, "I am quite sure that I have a handle on things. There is no need for a third party to be present." "Actually Severus, I do believe there is some merit to Horace's idea," Dumbledore said, "I'm sure Harry would be delighted with the extra set of helping hands to guide him forward. You will, of course, remain his mentor and he, your apprentice, make no mistake of that. But perhaps it would be wise to allow for a substitute so to speak. For when you are indisposed or unable to discuss something with Harry for whatever reason. How does that sound to you?" It sounded very much like Dumbledore didn't leave Snape any choice in the matter. But alright. If Slughorn wanted to play this game, Snape would happily deal him his hand. And who knows, the old yet admittedly competent master might come in handy sooner or later. "That will be agreeable," Snape said evenly, once more ignoring the murmurs from his colleagues. When everyone settled down, Dumbledore smiled brightly and moved on. "As for the second point on our agenda, I would like to inform you all that the History lessons have been a grand success." This time everyone clapped without scruples. Snape simply nodded curtly in Bell's direction. It was the smallest sign of respect he at least felt he needed to allow her. She smiled brightly at everyone involved. "I realize that it is rather unorthodox for students to take on a class they have previously dropped, especially for those who are in their seventh year, but I feel that we must allow it this once," Dumbledore added. "The knowledge they attain this way will not be wasted whether the students pass their NEWT's or not. And if they enjoy it, I see no harm in allowing their interests to develop further." Snape noticed everyone nodding in agreement as Bell sat there with a self-satisfied smile on her face. She looked as if Christmas had just come early. Of course, she would bask in the glory of her victory already. She hadn't even achieved anything yet. They would see, by the end of the year if she would remain victorious. "As for the third point on our agenda, we need to urgently discuss the upcoming courtship of the house-elves. I expect every Professor to be sympathetic to a decrease in their services for a short period of time. As such, I would like to emphasize… Ginny was softly stroking Hedwig's feathers while Harry was pouring over the experimental potion he had messed up yesterday. As he was making the necessary calculations he started seriously regretting that he had taken divination instead of Arithmancy but he powered through nonetheless. When Ginny had asked him if she could accompany him to the dungeons - empowered to do so by the obvious ruse that she was interested in his apprenticeship and how things were working out – Harry had happily agreed. But while her presence was quite nice, it was a hindrance to Harry's work. In fact, he was forced to scratch out his calculations for the third time already when he realized he messed up again. The fact that their relationship status was yet to be determined did not help quell the musings in Harry's mind that overshadowed his academic interests. Ginny was talking softly to Hedwig as the snowy owl tilted her head in understanding. Since he was the man in all this, wasn't he supposed to take the first steps? Not exactly a modern idea but the wizarding world was rather archaic and Ginny was a pureblood. Harry sighed and dropped his quill. He was getting nowhere with this. "Ginny," he called out to the redhead. She turned to face him and smiled brightly, causing a weird churning feeling in Harry's stomach. "Yes?" she asked softly, halting her movement of stroking Hedwig's chest. Her eyes darted over to Harry's mess of notes and he quickly buried them under his crossed arms. "I –er…" What was he going to say again? He had no plan whatsoever and was feeling more nervous than he had been taking his OWL's. Wasn't that silly? He was seventeen years old which made him of age. He had bested some of the most powerful wizards of his time and numerous other dangers that had been flung his way. In fact, he had saved Ginny's life at some point during his never-ending ordeals so where was his courage now? Had he used the last of it when he was fighting Malfoy? Oh no, she was staring at him, her brown eyes shimmering with curiosity and dare he name it hope? Mentally slapping himself, Harry steeled his resolve and stood from his seat, stepping close to Ginny. Her eyes never left his but the closer he got, the more flushed her face became. It was nothing short of adorable. "We should probably talk about what's been going on between us," Harry said, not sure how he had managed to speak that entire sentence without allowing his voice to tremble. He was glad for it. It would make him appear strong and confident. Ginny simply responded with a shy nod that was anything but helpful to Harry's difficult task. He cleared his throat and continued. "The truth is, Ginny," he said softly, "that I like you. I mean, really like you. And I suppose I'm wondering if you –" Harry wasn't even able to finish his sentence when Ginny lunged forward without warning and flung her arms around Harry's neck with such intensity that he was forced to take a few steps back until he was backed up against his desk. She kissed him passionately and rather hungrily as her lithe form pressed against him. Gingerly, Harry returned the embrace as well as the kiss, all the while thinking about how lucky he was. When Harry and Ginny joined Ron and Hermione at dinner that evening, they looked sort of dishevelled but luckily, Ron didn't notice. He was far too busy explaining to Hermione why he deemed the 'Starfish and Stick' one of the more useful moves for a keeper to learn. Hermione was doing her best to seem interested but was failing. "Hi guys," she greeted happily at the pair's arrival, obviously glad for the distraction from the Quidditch talk. She did a double-take before narrowing her eyes at Harry but said nothing. Harry – who felt strangely put in the spotlight – tried straightening out his robes as he searched for a change of topic. "So Ron, heard anything from Fred and George yet?" he asked. Ron snorted. "Hardly," he said, "Bill sent a letter to mum practically begging her to come and get the twins away from him for some reason but mum insists that they're of age and don't need her to tell them what to do anymore. Not that they've done a bang-up job listening to her in the past, of course." Harry frowned. "Why does he want them gone?" "Because they've been there for ages, I suppose," Ron said, shrugging, "And now he can't get rid of them. They must really like Egypt." "Yeah, that must be it," Harry agreed, "But I hope they come back soon. Their joke products might run out if they don't." "Not yet," Ron said, "They already set up and pre-paid a long term delivery. Almost as if they've anticipated staying away for a while, now that I think about it." "Well, they're nothing if not crafty," Harry replied, "I'm sure they've thought of all scenarios before leaving their shop behind." "Honestly, I think they're going to come home with an amazing new prank," Ron said as he bit off a huge chunk of the steak he pierced with his fork. Hermione scrunched up her nose in disgust but chose to roll her eyes instead of berating her boyfriend. "Hey guys," Draco interrupted as usual. He went to take a seat when he froze and allowed his gaze to drift over Harry and Ginny. Ginny met his stare defiantly but Harry squirmed somewhat in his seat. He became even more uncomfortable when a devious grin spread across Draco's face. He altered his course ever so slightly to worm his way in between Harry and Ginny, draping an arm around both of them. "It's about time, you two," he said happily. Ginny shoved him away, causing him to almost land into Harry's lap, sniggering all the while. "What are you talking about?" Ron frowned, "About time for what?" "Isn't it obvious?" Draco exclaimed, easily straightening Harry's tie, "These two snogged." "What? No way," Ron said dismissively, "What are you on, Draco? And can I have some?" "Fine," Draco said, grabbing a clean plate and filling it up, "Don't believe me. And while you're at it, you can ignore that tell-tale blush on both of their faces as well." "Harry, tell him he's full of it," Ron chuckled. His smile faltered somewhat when Harry stared decisively at the chicken filet on his plate. "Ginny?" "And what of it?" Ginny said casually, "I'm sixteen years old, you know. I have needs, the same as you." "No you don't," Ron said, "You're my baby sister. All you need is Quidditch and hanging out with your friends." Ginny huffed as she got up from her seat, walked over to Harry so Draco wouldn't physically be blocking him, grabbed him forcibly by the necktie and planted a passionate kiss right then and there on the unsuspecting boy's lips. Several of the surrounding students cheered and whistled. Not that Harry minded. Oh, he didn't mind in the least. "I'm not a child anymore, Ron," Ginny told her brother as he stammered incoherently, "I'm a woman and want to be treated as such. And if I may say so, I advise you do the same to Hermione before she runs off and finds a man who is more than willing to. Pass me the butter, Harry." Ginny casually buttered a nice warm roll, resolutely ignoring the stunned faces of the golden trio and the self-satisfied grin on Draco's. Harry could only admire her straightforwardness and aloof mannerism at this point. He himself felt an odd combination of mortification and gratification. The mortification only won out when Harry remembered that Snape was probably sitting at the high table and had no doubt seen it all. As if in slow motion, Harry gazed up at the spot Snape usually sat at and was met with obsidian eyes that were accompanied by a much too cheerful smirk. And then that sarcastic git raised his glass in salute and winked. Harry groaned, wishing that the ground could swallow him whole right then and there. Harry was glad that Snape didn't really seem to want to have a conversation about his newfound relationship. Other than the occasional snarky comment, he made no fuss or anything for which Harry was grateful. What he was less grateful about was Slughorn's interference. But when it seemed that Snape was not at all concerned about it, Harry relaxed as well. "As I've mentioned before, he's a useful ally to have," Snape had reminded Harry, "and he might be able to help you when I'm otherwise engaged." What that had meant, Harry had no clue but it wasn't farfetched to think that Snape had various side projects he wanted to make progress on, like the one he had used the Weasley twins for. It was a few weeks later when Harry received his latest issue of 'The Practical Potioneer' which was sent out mainly because of the position of Mars and the effect that would have if you started brewing 'Ares' draught' within the next couple of days. Hermione had explained to Harry that while the magazine seemed to be distributing at random, the latest edition always had something to do with the lunar cycle or that of the other celestial bodies. Happy to have something other to read about than the various attacks on innocent muggles and muggle-borns, Harry started thumbing through the magazine while Hermione did the same. Their respective partners shared an exasperated look before beginning a discussion on quidditch. "Harry!" Hermione gasped, "You've been published!" Harry frowned. "That can't be," he said easily, "I haven't actually done anything yet and I promise you that I didn't send anything in." "Yes, because I'm sure that there are multiple apprentices to Professor Snape out there that go by the name of Harry James Potter," Hermione replied sardonically, "Skip to page eight and see for yourself." Harry did what Hermione said and was perplexed to find about half a page dedicated to one of his recent discoveries which he had forgotten all about. 'On the increased potency of the antivenom potion' While a rare occurrence, it does happen every now and then that an apprentice shakes awake the community with a simple yet important discovery. Esteemed Master Severus Snape reported to us that his apprentice Harry James Potter offered to exchange the sprig of rosemary for azalea leaves. Risky and unnecessary you say? Many would agree but under the watchful eye of his Master, apprentice Potter took that risk and therefore elevated the potion to new levels of potency. As always, we recreated the potion to test the theorem ourselves and after multiple tests, we can conclude that this discovery is indeed viable. Therefore we urge everyone to take note and adjust their recipes accordingly. Why an apprentice was found to have such a profound understanding of potions and, more importantly, their ingredients can only be traced back to the Master himself. Severus Snape – of whom you'll find more information on page 14. – has graciously taken Harry Potter under his wing which allowed the pair of them to best you-know-who. It goes without saying that we will be expecting great things from this future potioneer and can only hope that his prowess will match his Master's. "Wow Harry," Hermione breathed, "This is amazing! I'm so jealous of you." "I'm not even sure how they know," Harry frowned. "Oh, isn't it obvious?" Hermione said excitedly, "Professor Snape informed them. Look, it's right here at the bottom." Harry glared at the finely printed text, 'Supervised and collected by highly esteemed Potions Master Severus Snape and derived by his Apprentice Harry James Potter'. "I'm not sure I like this," Harry growled, "Yet another reason to be in the spotlight." "I think it's brilliant," Hermione said, "You're good enough to get published already." "Yeah, that's amazing!" Ginny interjected as she grabbed the magazine from Harry. "Wow, my boyfriend must be really smart." She winked at Harry when Ron groaned. "I'm proud of you," she then added earnestly, kissing him softly as if in reward to his achievement. "What does it sat about Snape though?" Ginny then asked, flipping the pages accordingly. 'On the brilliance of Master Severus Snape' It is easy to become complacent once you've attained the status of Master but Severus Snape has never fallen for that particular trap. With talk of his already famous apprentice Harry James Potter, it might be easy to lose sight of the Master behind the student but we will remind you exactly why you shouldn't. Severus Snape is not only the youngest Potions Master in over a century, he has also made leeway on a lot of important potions of our time. Not only has he improved tremendously on the 'Wolfsbane Potion' – which though originally created by Damocles Belby left much to be desired – he also shared some astounding research on the staff of Caduceus and invented the Ares' draught which is featured on page 3. When we take a look at his creative process … The article went on and on about the various potions Snape had created and improved upon. Testimonies from other Masters who grudgingly admitted to Snape having a hand in the success of their own creation and even some prizes he won such as the golden chalice which he apparently received thrice. "Wow, Snape is more impressive than I thought," Ron finally added to the conversation. He had been reading Hermione's magazine over her shoulder. "Or are they embellishing?" "I somehow doubt that," Hermione said, "This is a very respectable magazine. It's not like the daily prophet, you know." "They didn't even mention the limerick potion," Ron snorted, "Who knows how many unregistered potions he created to punish people." Hermione sighed, "You got what you deserved, you know." "And it was hilarious too!" Ginny interjected, "I hope you step out of line at his home again." "Never again!" Ron said, "I will be on my best behaviour at his house from now on." Harry glanced at Snape who was reading the same magazine they were with a look of mild interest and couldn't help but think that he was lucky to have such a respected Master to guide him. He knew Snape was good, but he had never truly known just how accomplished and well-respected he was in the community. And at once, he was overcome with a sense of pride. Not for himself, but for the dour man currently sitting at the high table, raising a sardonic eyebrow when he caught Harry staring. And there you all go. I hope you liked the chapter and I wonder what you all would like to see next. Please review! It pleases me so.
This chapter is quite important and will finally get the ball rolling some more. I know that many of you have been waiting for some more discord and angst and such and this is the prelude to some of that awesome drama. Chapter 8 It was nearly two whole weeks later when Harry deemed his theorem worthy of inspection. As instructed, it had opened with a hypothesis of his idea. "… I have encountered death and its following misery more times than I can count, not only in my own life but in that of others as well. The wounds of war are far more than just physical and the wizarding world is only starting to develop an understanding of what that entails just now. I wish to help people who have been unable to move on after losing a loved one and believe that communicating with the person they lost might benefit them greatly. I know that it would help me. He explained how he wanted to achieve this result. He had done the math as best he could. He had listed all ingredients as well as their counters should they be necessary and he created the chemical formula that went with the recipe. Harry felt that he was ready to start brewing the potion. After all, it could not improve without the much needed practical trial and error. So he had finished the theorem with the conclusion that if all went well, the end result would be to communicate with the souls of the departed through the typical senses of sound and sight but also through touch and even smell. After all, had he himself not always longed to be hugged by his mother? Harry contemplated if he should wait for Snape to come to meet him in the lab but since they hadn't actually agreed to meet, he decided to just go to Snape's private quarters and present him with his work. So he made the very short trip, and politely knocked on the door, his hands trembling with anticipation. "Enter," Came Snape's usual response. Harry opened the door and looked at Snape who was reading the Daily Prophet with an almost bored expression on his face. "What can I do for you, Harry?" he asked without even looking up. "I think I've finished my theorem," Harry said, feeling somewhat giddy, "And I was wondering if you'd be willing to look it over to approve me for the practical follow-up." A small smile graced Snape's features for the better part of a second before he put down the newspaper and held out his hand. "I could do with some more interesting reading," he sighed, "It would seem as if the writers for The Daily Prophet are becoming less and less competent. Go on and hand it over." Harry thrust the sheets of parchment forward with a bit more force than was necessary causing him to lose the last few pages that weren't held firmly in place. "Sorry," Harry mumbled as he ducked and clumsily picked up the pages from where they landed. He handed them over to Snape who added them to the back of the theorem, shaking his head in mild amusement. "There's no need to be so nervous," he said in a calm voice, "I am here to assist and guide you, not to shoot your ideas down." Harry relaxed somewhat and waited with his hands clasped behind his back. Snape sighed heavily. "Take a seat and keep yourself occupied, Harry," he ordered, "Judging by the length of this, I will be reading for a long while. And I will not have you staring at me while I do so." "Of course, sir," Harry agreed. He grabbed one of Snape's potions books – one Harry had already read several times – and curled up in the chair next to the fireplace. Snape chuckled and started reading, expertly ignoring the glances Harry chanced every now and then. It quite literally took hours for Snape to get through Harry's theorem. His face had not once betrayed his thoughts and it was driving Harry mad. He had finished with the book some time ago and was quickly overcome with boredom. And yes, that was a welcome change from the anxiety he had been feeling for those first thirty minutes Snape had been reading but he wanted to get this over with already. In his mind, he went over his idea several times, hoping that Snape would not find too many faults with it and allow Harry to further his studies. He had been working on the theory for months now, after all, and was just itching to start throwing those ingredients together and see a result. As a manner of speaking, of course. He would never haphazardly throw ingredients together. Not anymore, at least. Finally, Snape cleared his throat and Harry looked up from the spot on the table he had been staring at vacantly, meeting Snape's cold, calculated expression. "First of all, I would like to impress upon you the importance of the presentation of your theorem," Snape spoke. Harry frowned, not interested in such things at all but waited and listened politely. "I see that you have utilized the standard parchment that is commonly used in this school," Snape pointed out. "While fine for common homework and notes, your theorem – especially that of a Magnum Opus – should always be produced on decent parchment. In fact, having grown up in a muggle household, I am certain that you're aware of the existence of paper. While the wizarding world is generally behind when it comes to appreciating the inventions of the common muggle, when it comes to important tasks such as these, we make grateful use of their craftiness." Harry had to keep himself from rolling his eyes. Instead, he calmly said: "Use paper, not parchment. Understood." Snape smirked at him but didn't comment. "Furthermore, the terminology you used is far too complicated," Snape continued, "If it were for my eyes only, that would be fine but you need to remember that when you publish a theorem, more people than potioneers will read it. A master in herbology, for instance, might take great interest and in your case, I might even suggest that a seer might deem this a compelling read. Therefore, you have to make this easier to understand." "Dumb it down," Harry snorted, "got it." "Watch the cheek, brat," Snape chided lightly this time. He sighed and continued. "You must remember that this is a scientific text. Therefore, you should avoid using opinions and emotional sentences above all else. Otherwise, you come across as biased from the start and will not be taken seriously." Harry nodded in understanding, still waiting anxiously for any comment about the contents of the theorem rather than the surrounding technicalities. "I've noticed that your arithmetic skills leave much to be desired," Snape droned on relentlessly, "I've encountered three major errors that would leave your potion inert at best and cause mass destruction at worst. Furthermore, you didn't specify the thickness or the type of cauldron one should use for this potion nor the material of the accompanying stirrer. You added the use of a spell in the potion but didn't specify how the spell works or how one goes about casting it. Especially since you're using a spell that is not well known, it is of crucial importance that you do so." Harry's confidence had been decreasing more and more over the course of Snape's carefully structured criticism and by the end, he didn't have much hope left. Yet he still dared to ask. "Could I start brewing it while I rework the theory? As soon as I've worked out the math properly, of course." Snape regarded Harry carefully, making the boy feel like some sort of rare and valuable potion ingredient. A flicker of sadness marred the stoic appearance Snape was trying to convey, if only for a second before he spoke again. "Out of the question," Snape said, "In fact, I believe that this potion should never be attempted, even when the theorem is perfected. It is dangerous not to mention quite dark. Even when you manage to brew it, I can only imagine the devastating effects this will have on the drinker's psyche. I cannot condone this." Snape sighed deeply. "I suggest you start from scratch and come up with something less… controversial." "How can you say that?" Harry bellowed, his temper quickly taking hold of him, "I've been working on this for months! It's not dark. It's supposed to help people!" "Harry –" "No!" Harry interrupted, "You're supposed to be so great. You could probably think of something to help me realize this. I know you could! But of course, you don't! Why would you when you obviously can't even face my mother!" Harry grabbed his theorem and stormed out of the door, leaving a befuddled Snape behind. He regretted what he said immediately but was too upset to go back and apologize. He had put so much time and work in this! And it took Snape only a couple of hours to decide that he was inadequate and not allowed to brew his creation. Upset, he ran all the way to the Gryffindor tower and stormed into the common room where Ron, Hermione and Ginny were sat. "Harry," Ginny said, getting up as soon as she saw how upset Harry was. "Are you okay?" "No," Harry snapped, "Snape says I can't make my potion!" "Oh Harry," Hermione said soothingly, "I'm sure he'll allow it once you polish the theory just a bit more." Harry laughed bitterly. "Oh no," he said, "Snape was very clear. I can't brew it. Not now, not ever. Months of research, out the window!" Angrily, he slammed the parchment onto the table and sat down with a frustrated sigh. "Well, what did he say?" Ron asked, unsure of what he could contribute to a highly academic problem. "He said it's dangerous and dark," Harry said flatly, "And that there was no way to drink this safely." The three Gryffindors shared a look and Harry narrowed his eyes. "What?" he growled. "Well," Ginny started, "It's just that Snape is a well-respected Potions Master. He probably knows what he's talking about." "How can you say that?" Harry asked, angrily getting to his feet again, "You're supposed to be on my side." "We are!" Ginny countered, "And so is Snape. We just don't want you to get hurt." For a second, Harry felt his chest tighten with a twinge of guilt when he remembered what he had said – well more like yelled – to Snape before storming out. It was cruel, especially when Snape was indeed just looking out for him. But then his disappointment came washing back over him and swept his guilt away like the ocean would footprints in the sand. "Fine," he scowled, turning his back on the three traitors. "I can see how it is." "Harry –" Ginny started, reaching out to him. "Don't," Harry spat at her, "I need to be alone for a while." And with this theorem under his arm, he left the Gryffindor tower once more, swiftly losing hope of being treated fairly. But perhaps, there was one more person that could help Snape see the light. Steeling his resolve once more, Harry headed towards Dumbledore's office. Harry was about ready to blast that gargoyle to pieces when it refused to allow him entrance for the umpteenth time. Harry had named every sweet he had ever encountered, be it muggle or wizard and the blasted thing still wouldn't open. Just when Harry was on the verge of pulling out his hair, the gargoyle finally moved, revealing Dumbledore waiting at the top of the stairs. "Come on up, my boy," he said loudly, "It would not do for you to blast the hallway to pieces." Harry mumbled something under his breath about ancient headmasters but made his way up anyway. When he entered Dumbledore's office, he was surprised to find Slughorn seated there already. The man greeted him warmly and Harry reciprocated politely. "The password is simply 'milky way'," Dumbledore informed Harry, "But I asked Archibald not to allow anyone entrance while I am up here with Horace. Of course, I didn't account for one very upset potioneer in training to grace me with his presence." "Archibald?" Harry asked. "The gargoyle, Harry," Dumbledore chuckled, "Have a lemon drop." "No thank you, sir," Harry said dryly. "Very well," Dumbledore conceded, "Now how may I help you?" Harry glanced over at Slughorn, not sure if he should speak with the man present but Dumbledore waved his concerns aside. "If this is about anything to do with your apprenticeship, I assure you that Horace is more than capable to enlighten you with his insights. Two heads are better than one, as I always say." Harry shrugged. Maybe Slughorn would be on his side and would be able to come up with a way to help Harry, even if Snape couldn't or wouldn't. "He won't allow me to brew my potion," Harry explained, placing his theorem on Dumbledore's desk. Slughorn took it immediately and started leafing through it but Dumbledore simply steepled his fingers and smiled warmly as he listened to Harry. "I've been working on this for months," Harry repeated for the third time that day, "And now Snape won't even allow me to go forward with this. I mean, I know there are some errors in there and I mean full well to correct them but I really don't think this will be as dangerous as he makes it out to be. "Do you feel that Professor Snape is treating you unfairly?" Dumbledore asked. Harry sighed in frustration. "No," he said, "Not on purpose anyway but I think that he lets his personal feelings get in the way." "Harry, this is brilliant!" Slughorn exclaimed after a short while as he thumbed through the list of ingredients and regarded the formula carefully. "There might be some consistency errors here and there but you could really make this work. This could very well be the discovery of the century!" Harry felt his disappointment and anger diminish somewhat while Slughorn gushed over his theorem. At least there was someone who saw its potential. "Horace," Dumbledore said gently, "Would you kindly leave Harry and I alone to talk for a while? We shall revisit our own discussion at a later date." "Are you sure, headmaster?" Slughorn asked, "I'm sure I could be of value if –" But Dumbledore held up a calm hand, stopping every objection Slughorn could have. When Dumbledore regarded you with the look in his eye that he had now, you knew that you should make yourself scarce. And so Slughorn fled Dumbledore's office but not without squeezing Harry's shoulder reassuringly as he left. "Harry," Dumbledore said warmly, the sparkle in his eyes already back at full force. "You and I have faced each other many times in the past. Be it in this office, the hospital ward or anywhere else. But it has occurred to me that we have never had a professional conversation before. Before anything else, I want you to know how pleased I am to know that there is now room in your life for these sorts of problems. Your life is no longer focused solely on the destruction of Voldemort and so we can move on to more pleasant conversation." Dumbledore sighed solemnly as he glanced over Harry's theorem and Fawkes thrilled sadly in accordance. "And yet it would appear that Voldemort still influences your life somewhat," Dumbledore continued, "If only through the absence of the people you deserve to have here for you." "He doesn't run my life, sir," Harry objected quietly, "These choices are my own." "There is no shame in being shaped by the life you've lived, Harry," Dumbledore said, "Even if there was a great deal of sadness in yours. I hope you don't misunderstand me. Voldemort is in no way dictating your actions from this life or the next, but our experiences shape us. And yours have shaped a longing for what might have been. I am sad to admit that I too am sometimes plagued by such notions." "Which is why I want to brew this potion," Harry said earnestly. "Allow me to give you some grandfatherly advice," Dumbledore said as he laid out the pieces of parchment next to one another as if he was making an overcomplicated puzzle. "Your journey into attaining this mastery has only scarcely begun. And you will encounter many pitfalls along the way. It is only natural that you require direction to follow this path correctly but when I look at your theorem I sense that this is something you still lack, as do any young pioneers such as yourself. You don't lack knowledge. Of that, I can see the proof right here. But you have to gain that sense of direction to even begin going anywhere." "Because Harry," Dumbledore added with a knowing look in his eyes. "It is not the destination that matters, it's the journey that takes us there." Feeling somewhat deflated, Harry leaned back into his chair, actually grabbing a lemon drop. "So I suppose that you think Snape is right?" "Professor Snape, Harry," Dumbledore chided lightly, "And you would do well to remember that he is your mentor and far more knowledgeable than you are at this stage." Harry sighed in defeat. "Having said that, I don't agree that you should simply discard your entire project and start anew." Harry's green eyes filled with hope. "Do you mean that I could still make this work?" "I certainly believe so, Harry," Dumbledore said, "For now, you should probably leave your project to simmer. There is no shame in that, you know? I have projects going on that I have let simmer for decades simply to give myself some time to think it over." Dumbledore chuckled at the horrified look Harry gave him. "Not that I had that in mind for you, my boy," he assured him, "But I do think you should put a halt to this potion until you've mastered Occlumency." Harry actually snorted at that. "Professor?" he asked, "I feel like that's neither here nor there." Dumbledore smiled knowingly. "Trust me on this, Harry," he said gently, "And tell Severus what I said. I'm sure he will adjust his opinion accordingly." "Alright," Harry said doubtfully as he took his cue to leave, forgetting to take this theorem with him. Harry felt slightly better after the conversation with Dumbledore but was not looking forward to facing Snape just yet. He had said something admittedly horrible to the Potions Master, even though the man was obviously only trying to help. Sure, he hadn't needed to be so dramatic about it but Harry's reaction was still over the top. In fact, it was reactions like that, that had made it so bloody difficult for Harry to master Occlumency. He was fine as long as he wasn't emotional but those times were rare indeed. It was a good thing he hadn't been sorted into Slytherin way back when. He wouldn't have lasted a week surrounded by the cool and collected personas of Snape's house. Harry walked all the way back to the dungeons, passing Professor Bell on his way to Snape's personal quarters. He stopped for a moment to help her out. "Are you lost again, Professor?" Harry asked. "Oh Harry, thank Goodness," Bell said, "Good to see you. I'm afraid that I can't find the staircase to the second floor." "You wouldn't down here, Professor," Harry said, "We're in the dungeons. You need to go all the way back until you see the doors to the great hall and take a right." "That sounds easy enough," Bell said, smiling thankfully. "But where are you going?" "To see Professor Snape," Harry sighed with a somewhat haunted look in his eyes. Bell frowned slightly at that. "Anyway, good luck, Professor!" Harry exclaimed before turning the corner that led to Snape's personal quarters. He was about to knock on the door when he heard loud voices come from within. "I can't believe you would keep Harry from personal growth, Severus!" Came the unmistakable voice of Slughorn. "This potion is nothing short of genius." "I will not endanger his life and mind for the completion of a potion, no matter how brilliant it might be," Snape countered strongly. "Sometimes you need to take chances to improve yourself," Slughorn said. "Not at this stage," Snape growled, "Not when he's still learning to find his own way." Then Slughorn said something indiscernible to which Snape replied; "Above anything else, he's still my son." Harry swallowed thickly and knocked on the door, tired of eavesdropping. It took a few seconds longer than normal for Snape to beckon him to come in and when he did, Harry opened the door slowly and doubtfully. "Come in, Harry," Snape sighed when the boy kept dawdling at the door, "Professor Slughorn was just leaving." Slughorn made a noise in the back of his throat and glared at Snape who was completely undeterred by the shorter man's gaze. He then turned to Harry and sighed solemnly. "I'm sorry Harry," he said, "I tried." And he left as Harry stood there somewhat awkwardly. "Looks like I'm not the only one with a sense of the melodramatic today," he said painfully as he shuffled his feet. Snape regarded him before turning to face the fire. "Sit down, Harry," he said curtly. Harry was glad to find no anger or resentment in Snape's voice. The poorly disguised hurt on his face cut Harry deeply, though. "I'm sorry," Harry blurted out as he hastily sat down in accordance with Snape's command. "I shouldn't have said what I said." "No, you shouldn't have," Snape said softly. He had his hands clasped behind his back as he gazed into the flames. Anxiously, Harry licked his lips, his hands playing with a stray thread of his cloak. "I was upset," Harry said, "But it was still wrong of me. I really am sorry." This time Snape faced Harry and found the boy sitting there, resigned to his fate. He sighed softly. "I forgive you, Harry," he said, "Though I do not condone your behaviour in the least. I will have you know that many accomplished masters have started projects that months or sometimes even years later proved to be useless or simply too dangerous to ever use or even brew. This will happen again." "I understand sir," Harry acknowledged. There was a moment of silence in which Snape regarded Harry carefully. "I realize you visited with the headmaster," Snape then said softly, "And Professor Slughorn as well. Did you hope that they would overturn my decision?" "Well, yes and no," Harry admitted honestly, "I didn't expect to find Slughorn there but Dumbledore didn't send him away. I never meant to include him. I did hope that Dumbledore might talk to you and have you come up with a solution." Snape sneered, "And how did that work out for you?" "Well –" Harry started, not sure how Snape would take this mad suggestion. "Out with it," Snape snarled, crossing his arms tightly. "He suggested that I master occlumency." For a moment, Snape's face was frozen in a mask of disbelief and Harry wondered idly if he should floo the hospital wing. But then, the Potions Master shook his head incredulously, smiling as he did so. "That brilliant old man," he muttered, seemingly forgetting that Harry was still in the room. "Occlumency, of course! It is that simple." He started pacing in front of the fireplace. Harry had to tuck in his legs, afraid that Snape would trip over them if he didn't. "It's rather genius, really," Snape continued muttering, "If one could lock down their mind while still allowing for – but that would also mean that –" "Professor?" Harry interrupted. Snape stopped his pacing and looked at his charge with interest and excitement in his eyes. "Harry," he said solemnly, "It appears that this time, you truly will need to master occlumency." I know what you're thinking! Damn, MS. Occlumency again? I thought you abandoned that idea altogether? But no sirree, here it is! Back for more. How do you all expect this to go? I hope you'll look forward to what comes next. And please, please throw me a review!
Chapter 9 As Harry was gathering his things to get ready for his first Occlumency lesson in a long time, Ginny stopped him. "Hold up, you're going to practice with Snape again?" Ginny asked. The annoyance lacing her voice was evident enough for Harry to raise his eyes skyward in frustration. "You know that I'm working hard," Harry countered, "You know what I'm trying to achieve here. Being an apprentice is no joke and if I want to be able to brew my potion, I need to step up." "But you're already gone for most of the day," Ginny argued, "Even in the weekends, you're always busy. You rarely even come to Hogsmeade anymore and when you do, you shop in the apothecary for over an hour." "That's because their assortment isn't always the same," Harry sighed, trying his best to make his girlfriend understand, "So at times, I need to check their inventory again." "Do you even know how to have fun anymore?" Ginny asked, crossing her arms tightly. Harry sighed and brushed a stray lock of Ginny's hair out of her face, cupping her cheek tenderly as he did so. "I don't mean to make you feel this way," he said softly, "But I'll make it up to you. Meet me in the common room later, okay? Once I'm back from my Occlumency lesson." Ginny smiled and placed a hand over the one that still rested on her cheek. "Sounds good to me," she said, "but make sure to be there. I won't be responsible for my actions if you're not." "I'll be there," Harry said solemnly, "I'll miss you." "Yeah well don't miss me too much," Ginny said, "Or Snape might see some memories about you and me and I won't have that!" She winked flirtatiously and spun on her heel, her red hair swishing as she went. Harry just shook his head and quietly made his way down to the dungeons. He could understand that Ginny was unhappy about him spending all this time on his studies but he also felt like she should understand that he was passionate about this. By the time he arrived at the door of Snape's private quarters, his mind was completely befuddled by the mysteries of the female mind. He shook it off and knocked. "Come in," Snape called. When Harry walked in he noticed that Snape had pushed all of the furniture aside, leaving a nice and open area to practice Occlumency in. What he also noticed were a few bottles of a potion he didn't recognise. And since Harry was certain that he would be able to recognise most known potions by now, this did not bode well for him. "You realize the door is attuned to your magic as well, don't you?" Snape asked as he took one of the vials, "You don't need to knock every time. Especially when I'm already expecting you." Harry shrugged. "It just seems like the polite thing to do, really." Snape just motioned for Harry to sit by pointing to a spot on the floor. Harry complied easily. "As you are well aware, we will be revisiting your Occlumency training," Snape explained. "We left off at a rather difficult stage in your training too." "My emotions," Harry supplied. "Quite right," Snape said, sitting down in front of Harry, the vial of unknown potion held loosely between his long fingers. "The difficulty here is that you appear to have mastered the technical aspects of Occlumency entirely. I am unable to get to the memories you hide away – in fact, I still haven't found your hiding place for them – but once you get emotional about anything, your shields crack, and your memories come as if of their own volition." "Like with Voldemort," Harry pointed out. "Exactly so," Snape admitted in a low voice. "It worked out to our advantage that time but that won't work for the potion you have planned." "I'm still not sure how Occlumency is in any way related to my brewing that potion," Harry noted. "Sometimes you're as much of a dunderhead as your fellow Gryffindors are," Snape sighed, "It is obviously not necessary for the brewing process but it is essential for when you actually drink the blasted draught." It was as if a lightbulb was turned on in Harry's head. "I see," he said, "To counteract the combination of the honey mead and the monotropa uniflora." "Especially if you are indeed planning on adding the basilisk blood," Snape noted, "Which I know you are because you need its magic potency. What I do wonder though is how you are planning on getting it." "Well, there is a basilisk body simply waiting to be harvested underneath Hogwarts," Harry offered. Snape sneered and shook his head lightly. "A discussion for another time perhaps. We have strayed far from the point I originally wanted to make. When you get emotional, you can't perform Occlumency." "Right," Harry admitted begrudgingly, "Is that what the potion is for?" Snape sighed heavily and ran a hand through his long hair. "We need you to practice Occlumency while under great emotional distress," he explained, "Otherwise, these lessons are entirely useless. I assume you haven't heard about the 'Drink of Despair'?" Harry shook his head. "No, but it doesn't sound good." "It's not," Snape agreed, "I was tasked with its creation while still under the Dark Lord's service. What he was planning on using it for, I'll never know since I've never actually seen him feed it to anyone but that's irrelevant" "Now it definitely doesn't sound good," Harry said, attempting to convey a joking tone but failing miserably. Snape glared at him pointedly before he went on. "In its undiluted form, this potion induces fear, delirium, severe stomach pain and brings forth the drinker's most intense and painful memories. When diluted – as I have done for this occasion – the effects are all still there but in a much more bearable capacity." Harry swallowed thickly, "You want me to drink this?" "If I'm being completely honest with you, Harry, no I don't," Snape said plainly, "If it was up to me, I would stop this foolishness entirely, cancel your occlumency lessons and have you work on a new idea for an entirely new potion that doesn't require you to get reacquainted with some of the most painful memories of your life." Snape frowned as he put a hand on Harry's shoulder, applying just a bit more force than necessary. "Say the word and we stop this. But if you wish to proceed with brewing your creation, we have no choice in the matter. This is the only way." The gaze that met Snape's after that held unmistakable courage and determination. Snape knew instantly that there was no getting around this. Harry would always be a Gryffindor. He would not back away from a challenge such as this. "I'll manage," Harry said, keeping his voice steady. He held out his hand in order to take the potion from Snape. The potions master reluctantly gave it to him. "Hand me your wand before you drink it," Snape said, "I won't have you attempting to hex me because you suddenly think me to be the Dark Lord." Harry didn't think that was particularly likely but he handed over his wand anyway. "Now I want you to clear your mind and raise your shields before you take the potion," Snape said as he tucked Harry's wand away next to his own. Harry nodded and closed his eyes. He discounted all emotions and hid his most embarrassing and painful memories under the invisibility cloak of his mind, as he'd done before. He nodded when he was done and felt Snape's probe with a nonverbal Legilimens to test him. "You're ready," Snape said, "Go ahead and drink the potion. Try to focus on keeping your shields up despite your emotions. Don't try to force them back because you won't be able to. Understand?" "I understand," Harry said and before he could change his mind, he downed the potion in three swallows. As soon as the potion was gone, Snape took the empty vial from Harry's hand and placed it on his desk. He then sat down in front of Harry, watching him intently. At first, Harry didn't really feel any different. He stared at Snape who was sitting silently in front of him and kept his shields up. For a moment, he wondered if Snape had done something wrong with the potion. Perhaps he diluted it a bit too much. But then, Harry was overcome with a wave of agony and despair so powerful, he was nearly knocked over by the sheer force of it. "Concentrate, Harry," Snape reminded him, "This is an exercise not in controlling your emotions but in focusing around them. Keep your shields up!" Harry was six. He was hiding. He didn't know what happened but when Dudley had pushed him again and again, Harry had gotten so very angry. And almost as if in resonance with his anger, the couch cushions had exploded, terrifying both children present. Harry didn't know what had happened but it wasn't his fault. His aunt and uncle hadn't shared this opinion though. It didn't take long for Uncle Vernon to reach the state in which he resembled a purple balloon, ready to burst. While aunt Petunia comforted Dudley, uncle Vernon took a few menacing steps towards Harry. "Focus Harry," came a familiar voice, "Raise your shields. You're not occluding." Harry blinked and for a moment, he could see Snape sitting in front of him, his demeanour relaxed but his eyes held a worried gaze. Right. He wasn't six. He was at Hogwarts and he was practising Occlumency. Now that he focused on it, he could feel Snape's presence in his mind. Somehow, he found this to be a reassuring anchor of sorts. With a flash, the memory resumed right where it left off, the myriad of emotions coupled with a dull throbbing pain in his stomach. "Freak!" Vernon bellowed as he got closer to Harry. Harry scrambled up the stairs, not sure where he was planning to go. "You dare!" Vernon roared, "You dare attack Dudley like this! You dare disrespect us in our own home!" Harry kept glancing over his shoulder to see the fat man approaching fast. Without thinking, he slipped into the master bedroom and ducked under the bed. "Harry, listen to me," a soothing voice said, "This isn't real. This is all in the past. Clear your mind." Only a moment later, Vernon stormed through the door, his heavy footsteps halting for a moment. "I've had enough of your freakiness, boy," he growled menacingly, "But I will teach you –" He took a few steps toward the bed and Harry held his breath, his small hands clasped over his mouth to stop any sound from emerging. Fear quickly overtook him. "Listen to the sound of my voice, Harry," that same soothing voice said, "You are safe now. Your uncle has been dealt with. You need to raise your shields." "I will teach you not to mess with normal people!" Faster than Harry had thought Vernon could move, the raging man ducked to the floor and peered under the bed. A malicious smirk split his face in two when his beady eyes locked onto Harry's. Harry screamed through the hands he still had clasped over his mouth, backing up to the far wall to avoid Vernon's grubby hands. But the man got a hold of Harry's pants leg and reflexively, Harry kicked. As soon as his foot connected with Vernon's arm – however light the attack might have been – Harry knew he was in big trouble. Vernon roared in rage and grabbed at Harry again, this time getting a hold of his shirt collar. He dragged Harry from under the bed, tears streaming over the young boy's face. And then the memory was banished. Harry blinked a couple of times as he took in his surroundings. Memories of what he had been doing came crashing back and he groaned at his failure. But he wasn't in Snape's quarters either. The surrounding area was a blinding white and there were no pieces of furniture or really anything materialistic to break the awful white that enveloped him. "Are you alright?" Harry snapped his head back to see Snape standing next to him, a vacant expression on his face. Harry frowned, not knowing what to make of this. "Severus?" he asked, "What's going on?" "You were not occluding," Snape explained, "And I didn't want to see the rest of that memory nor did I think you did." Harry flushed. At least, he thought he did. He wasn't sure of what was possible in his current surroundings. "So where are we?" Harry asked, "We're not dead are we?" Snape chuckled, which reassured Harry tremendously. "Not at all," Snape replied, "Since the potion is still in effect and will be for a while, I needed to isolate your consciousness and put it in some sort of quarantined area so to speak. I've disconnected you from your emotions and passive memories for the time being." Harry stared incredulously. "You can do that?" "I am an accomplished Legilimens, Harry," Snape said in a way that almost sounded as if he were insulted, "The mind holds little to no secrets for me. Doing something like this is easy." Snape waved a hand and conjured a black chair in which he sat down. "Do you want to try again, or do you wish to remain here until the potion wears off?" "I want to try again," Harry said honestly, "It's just that –" "Yes?" Snape urged. "When I'm in a memory, I can't remember what I'm doing. I can't even remember that I'm a wizard." Harry sighed. "How do I practice Occlumency without even remembering what that is?" "Eventually, it will become second nature," Snape explained, "You will constantly be raising those shields, regardless of whether or not there is a threat. For now, you would do well to focus on yourself before you are drawn into another memory." "Focus on myself?" "Yes," Snape replied, "It would appear that you were surprised by the sudden pull of your memory. Perhaps this is why you've lost sight of who you are. Now that you know what can happen, I need you to picture yourself sitting here. I want you to imagine those shields around your mind and I want you to try and distance yourself from the memories that will attack you." "But they're so strong," Harry uttered. Snape smiled and put a reassuring hand on Harry's shoulder. "You are stronger," he said easily. Harry blinked to keep a few tears at bay. After the vivid memory, he just witnessed, remembering just how miserable he had been throughout his young life, the impact of a parent that believed in you wholeheartedly was enormous. "Let's try again," Harry said confidently. Snape nodded. "Remember to try and retain yourself," Snape warned, "I will release your mind in three, two, one…" Harry was eight. He was standing at the edge of a great river while the Dursleys were trying to fix their flat tire. Why uncle Vernon had thought this shortcut was a good idea was beyond anyone but Harry knew better than to say anything. Harry focused on himself. He knew this was a memory. He knew this wasn't real. He was aware of his own breathing and could vaguely make out the reassuring presence of Snape sitting across from him. "Wanna play a game, Harry?" Dudley asked innocently. By now Harry knew better. Dudley never had good intentions with Harry. "Not really," Harry had replied cautiously. "There's nothing to do here anyway." "We could go for a swim," Dudley countered. Harry looked at the river that was running rather fast behind him. He frowned and looked at Dudley. "I think that's a bit dangerous," he said, "The current is strong and I don't really –" "What?" Dudley asked, smirking all the while, "Don't you know how to swim?" The presence of Snape in Harry's mind was quite reassuring but at the same time, he realized that the goal of this exercise was to expel Snape completely. But with Snape gone, so would be his anchor. Harry tried his best to shove this memory aside but it was firmly in place. Much more so than during normal Occlumency lessons. Was it because of the potion or was it because he was much more emotional now? Harry was kind of upset with Snape viewing even more memories of his past. He hadn't even seen half of his horrible past. "You know I don't," Younger Harry growled at Dudley. "Well, I do," Dudley said proudly. Harry huffed indignantly. "Well, we can't all be bloated enough to be our own life raft." Dudley's demeanour switched from reasonably calm to enraged in a matter of seconds. "Focus," Snape's voice resounded through Harry's mind. "Recognise your emotions for what they are. They are a part of you but they need not hinder you. Allow them to wash over you and detach yourself from them." Harry took a deep breath and tried to calm himself, ignoring the feelings of fear and anger that lingered near the surface. Dudley rushed forward and slammed his shoulder into Harry's chest. Harry was knocked backwards and tried to keep his footing when the ground disappeared from beneath him and his body made contact with cold water. 'I don't want to be at the mercy of my emotions,' Harry thought. "Then don't be," Snape replied calmly, "Dominate them." Harry felt a sense of cool wash over him as he stepped back and looked at the scene rationally. Fear had been a very logical emotion for a child that fell into a river. Especially one that didn't know how to swim. But Harry wasn't that child anymore and needn't be afraid. He was angry at Dudley for putting him in that position, and rightly so. But Dudley was still as much of a child as Harry was. It was only right to forgive him for such actions if only to heal himself. The memory ended and Harry was aware that Snape's presence was gone. He felt a sense of loneliness but also one of accomplishment. He felt someone touch his knee and opened his eyes, very much aware of the pain in his stomach. "Well done," Snape praised him, "Now keep that focus. The potion won't wear off for another ten minutes or so. Use that time to practice." Harry focused on his breathing. He even found that focusing on the pain in his stomach helped. He allowed his emotions to run their course but did not fight them. At least, he tried to. Every now and then, he felt Snape probing his mind with Legilimency but he did not break Harry's walls. It was obvious that Snape was being much too gentle though. If he applied any pressure, Harry knew that his walls would break apart. "I think it was that muggle 'Nietzsche' that said, 'One ought to hold on to one's heart. For if one lets it go, one soon loses control of the head too'," Snape suddenly said. Tired emerald eyes met obsidian and stared at Snape incredulously. "What?" "I thought it rather fitting." Snape explained, "Makes me wonder if he was perhaps a squib to have such a keen grasp on a very important Occlumency lesson." "You're distracting me," Harry breathed. "Am I?" Snape countered, raising a sardonic eyebrow. "Fine," Harry said, "I understand. It's all a part of it. I'm doing my best here!" "Care to tell me what you thought of when you pushed me out?" Snape asked, "I'm curious to know what your approach was." "I thought about my feelings," Harry said through gritted teeth, feeling somewhat stupid. He was vaguely aware of the beads of sweat forming on his forehead. "And I thought of why I had them and tried putting them into context." "A very clever way of approaching yourself," Snape commended, "In order to move on, you must understand why you felt what you did and why you no longer need to feel it." Harry groaned as he put a hand on his aching stomach. "Sure," he panted, "Whatever you say." "Harry, you've made a breakthrough today," Snape said suddenly. "You're going easy on me," Harry accused. Snape snorted. "Going easy on you? You are still aware of the potion I fed you, are you not? I might not be trying to invade your mind to the best of my abilities at the moment, but the fact that you are speaking coherently while under the potion's influence is worthy of praise by itself." "It's diluted," Harry gasped. "Yes," Snape nodded gravely, "And eventually we can test your skill using the undiluted version –" Snape shuddered at the thought. "- But for now, this is impressive enough." Snape eyed Harry curiously as the boy was leaning back, panting heavily as he attempted to power through the pain. "We would never have been able to elevate you to this level of Occlumency at the beginning of our collaboration," Snape said kindly. "Yes well," Harry said, "I trust you a lot more not to rummage through my mind and sell my memories to the highest bidder." Snape chuckled. "Witty to the end, aren't you? Just relax and let the potion run its course. It will only be a few minutes more. Afterwards, you can meet up with that redheaded girlfriend of yours." "How do you know about that?" Harry groaned. Snape frowned at his charge. "What do you think?" Harry just groaned. This time more out of embarrassment than out of pain. Sometimes it sucked to have a father that could read minds. "Actually, could I just stay here tonight?" Harry asked, "I really don't feel that well and I'm not sure I can even make it back to Gryffindor tower on my own." Snape regarded him carefully. "Hm, I suppose it would be prudent for me to make sure there are no lasting side effects. Very well. You may stay here for the night. Your room is ready for the night." Harry sighed in relief as he tried to stand on unsteady legs. "Thanks, Severus." "Anytime," Snape said easily. Did you all like Harry's Occlumency lesson? Do let me know what you think. I anxiously await your reactions.
Chapter 10 The next morning, Harry felt much more rested. Since it was a Sunday, there were no classes and Harry could take his time getting ready. He started his day by getting breakfast with Snape. "I heard you haven't been to any of the Quidditch practices yet," Snape commented out of the blue. Harry scoffed. "How did you even hear about that? You're not one to take an interest in Quidditch." "Have I not been to every one of your games thus far?" Snape countered. "Sure," Harry said, "But I imagined you did that because you expect me to fall off my broom every match." "I will admit to that being a primary concern of mine," Snape said as he calmly cut open his croissant. "I will never admit to wanting to watch you play simply because you are very talented and a joy to watch." "That would seem a bit uncharacteristic," Harry agreed calmly, "We would need to check the skies for flying pigs." "Perhaps you could do so during your next Quidditch practice," Snape suggested slickly. "Oooooh," Harry exclaimed, "Very smooth indeed. And I thought I had you that time too." Snape huffed indignantly. "It will be many years before you are able to distract me from my purposes. Now, why is Professor McGonagall complaining to me that I don't allow you enough time to practice?" "Because she hasn't bothered to ask me, I suppose," Harry shrugged, "If she had, I would have told her that the choice is my own. I'll talk to her today." "I am perfectly capable of dealing with your head of house by myself, Harry," Snape sneered, "What I want to know is why you're not flying." "I'll still participate in the official matches," Harry assured him. He bit a piece off his toast and chewed thoughtfully before adding, "I know what I'm doing. I don't need practice." "Don't talk with your mouth full, disgusting brat," Snape said jokingly, throwing a napkin Harry's way. "And don't you think it's somewhat selfish to not go to practice while your teammates are out there combating the elements?" "I'd rather work on my potions," Harry argued, "And Ginny takes up a lot of my free time as well. She –" Harry stopped talking and groaned, banging his forehead against the table and leaving it there. "Now what?" Snape asked. "I told Ginny I'd meet up with her yesterday, remember?" Harry asked, "I totally forgot." "You were indisposed," Snape pointed out, "Surely, Ms Weasley will understand." Harry chuckled. "Have you met her?" Snape sighed, not at all wishing to get himself mixed up in teenage drama or voice his concerns regarding the only daughter of the Weasley clan. Instead, he readdressed the issue at hand. "All work and no play kills the potential of discovery, mastery, and openness to change and flexibility and it hinders innovation and invention," Snape said easily. Harry blinked. "Are you actually telling me to focus less on my apprenticeship?" he asked, completely baffled. "What an odd thing to say," Snape said easily, swishing his pumpkin juice as if it were fine wine. "I am merely sharing some wisdom with you. Make of that what you will." "Just come out and say it," Harry teased, "You're worried that I'm working too hard. You want me to have fun." "You're being quite insolent today," Snape remarked as he flipped a page of the Daily Prophet. "Somehow, I don't –" Snape's expression darkened as he read the paper. Harry frowned but rather than ask Snape what was wrong, he moved to stand behind him and read the article over his shoulder. Muggle Hunting Continues Yesterday evening, another twenty bodies were discovered in Abernethy forest. They were all muggles who were out camping as a group the muggles refer to as 'scouts'. Most of the bodies were that of young children between the ages of twelve and fifteen. These continuous attacks have rekindled the muggle's interest and fear of werewolves and large manhunts… Snape closed the paper rapidly to keep Harry from reading more. "Do you think it's Greyback?" Harry asked quietly. "I'm almost positive it's him," Snape replied, "But I doubt he's alone." With a great sigh, Snape got up from his seat and tucked the newspaper away in a desk drawer. "In any case, it is nothing you need to concern yourself with." "What are you talking about?" Harry objected, "These attacks are obviously orchestrated by death eaters." "And what makes you think that death eaters are your responsibility?" Snape urged, raising that one eyebrow. "Well, since they're affiliated with Voldemort, I thought –" "Just because you were prophesized to kill the Dark Lord – with which I still don't agree, mind you – doesn't mean you are responsible for wiping out each and every one of his followers as well," Snape said dangerously. "But we can't just let them carry on like this," Harry protested. "Actually, I think you'll find we can," Snape said evenly, "We've paid our dues. For once, we can leave this up to the ministry." "But-" "Enough, Harry!" Snape said sternly, his tone leaving no room for further arguments. "I don't even know what you would be planning and how you would even begin to go look for their whereabouts but I forbid you from attempting to engage them. For once, put that Slytherin bravery out of your mind and keep yourself occupied with other things." "Like Quidditch?" Harry said darkly, "while children are getting killed?" "You are a child," Snape replied coldly, "And Quidditch seems like a fine alternative indeed." "Fine," Harry sighed, getting up to leave. "Harry," Snape warned, "I need you to promise me not to do anything rash." "I promise," Harry said easily, "But that doesn't mean I have to like it." "None of us do," Snape admitted quietly, "But after all, the best thing one can do when it is raining is let it rain." When Harry emerged from Snape's quarters, his outer robes folded neatly over his arm, he was so far gone in this thoughts that he didn't even notice a certain Professor stand in the doorway and nearly knocked her over. He grabbed her arm as she faltered and quickly steadied her. "I'm sorry, Professor," Harry exclaimed, "I didn't see you there." "That's alright, Harry," Bell said cheerfully, "Accidents happen." "Are you lost again?" Harry asked, "Do you need me to take you somewhere?" "You are too kind, Harry, but no," Bell replied, smiling fondly. "This time, I'm exactly where I need to be. This is Professor Snape's office, right?" Harry chuckled. "Close, but not entirely. These are his private quarters." Bell seemed slightly taken back by that. She gave Harry a searching look and frowned for a fraction of a second, so quickly that Harry almost missed it. "Would you like me to get him for you?" Harry asked. "If you would," Bell replied happily. Harry opened the door and called out to Snape. "Professor!" A grunt indicated that Snape was listening. "Professor Bell is here to see you." A few seconds later, Snape appeared next to Harry, raising an eyebrow when he saw the brunette stand there with a smile far too cheerful this early in the morning. "Yes?" he asked. "Good morning to you too, Severus!" Bell replied happily, not at all undeterred by Snape's dour attitude. Harry was unable to hide a small smirk. It would appear that Bell's hesitance earlier this year in regards to Snape had all but vanished. "You told me that I could come and get the requested potions today, remember?" she asked. Snape sighed. "Right," he said, "Though I also told you to meet me in my office rather than lurk in the vicinity of my quarters." Bell actually chuckled at that. "You know me!" she replied, "I'm hopeless. I'm afraid I got –" "- lost," Snape finished for her. "I gathered as much." "Yup!" Bell nodded. "If you'll follow me," Snape said evenly, pushing Harry lightly out of the way so he could close his door. "Run along now, Harry. You're not needed here any longer." By now, Harry had known Snape long enough to know when the man was uncomfortable. And this was him, severely unnerved. It was best not to cross him, he knew, so he obeyed. "See you later, Professor," Harry said, running off. When Harry entered the common rooms, everyone's conversation halted. At least twenty different pairs of eyes landed on Harry, regarding him with a look that he could not quite place. Suddenly, many of them made up excuses to leave in a hurry, effectively emptying out the common room until only Ron, Hermione and Ginny remained. Ron and Hermione looked embarrassed about something but Ginny just seemed angry. Harry sighed. He really was not in the mood for this. "Harry James Potter!" Ginny shouted, "Where have you been?" Putting on a mask of indifference – at least he thought it was a mask – Harry looked Ginny in the eye, noting the anger and explosiveness that always seemed to be somewhat present in the redhead before him. "I was indisposed because of my lesson," Harry replied truthfully. He had not expected the hex that was thrown his way a second later, narrowly dodging it. With a bang, it collided with the wall behind him. "You promised!" Ginny accused him. Incredulously, Harry looked at his girlfriend. "Did you just try to hex me?" Another flick of her wand, and another. Harry was ready for it this time and sidestepped easily. When not in control of her emotions, Ginny's spellcasting left much to be desired. "Control yourself," Harry said coolly. "You never have time for me!" Ginny screeched, never lowering her wand. "Ginny, stop!" Ron said, but his voice betrayed uncertainty. "Stay out of this, before I put you in a body bind," Ginny snapped. And then it hit Harry as a wave of understanding flooded him. The Occlumency lessons of the night before had made it all the more clearer to him. Behaviour such as Ginny's was not something he wanted to condone any longer. She was volatile and aggressive just like the Dursleys had been, even if in a lesser capacity. Just because she was a girl younger than him and used magic as her weapon did not make it okay. And he had suffered through enough violence and anger in his life. A girl like Ginny was not right for him and never would be. "Expelliarmus," he said coolly. Ginny's wand flew straight into Harry's hand. He caught it with an icy glint in his eyes, not unlike the one that could often be seen in Snape's. He thrust the wand into Hermione's hands, never taking his eyes off of Ginny. Disarmed as she was, the girl put her hands on her hips as if to signify that she was not afraid. There was a fire in her eyes that Harry had once deemed attractive but was now nothing more than a reminder of pain. "It's over," he told her. His voice as steady as he could make it and his resolve clear even if his heart couldn't help but ache when he uttered those words. Ginny's defiant glare vanished immediately, replaced by surprise. "Harry," she whispered, glancing at Ron and Hermione as if she was looking for support. "You don't mean that." "You clearly don't understand what I'm passionate about," Harry said coldly, "And I have very little patience left to deal with your childishness. Unfortunately for you, I am not shallow enough to be placated by a pretty face." A sob resounded from Ginny's throat but Harry felt little want to comfort her. Instead, he felt relief. He cast an apologetic look Ron's way and left the common room again. He'd rather not be around for the next outburst that was sure to come. Even though the heatwave had long passed, Hedwig had made herself quite comfortable in the dungeons. Even when Harry had told her she was free to move back into the astronomy tower, she had simply refused, turning her head indignantly. So Harry had let her be with express permission from Slughorn who seemed more than willing to provide Harry with what he needed. Sighing, Harry took a large cauldron from the storage room and placed it on the grate, filling it with water. As he watched the clear liquid swirl, just waiting to absorb ingredients and magic in the creation of something wonderful, Harry felt his shoulders quiver. He held onto the edge of the cauldron for support and stared into the water, meeting his green eyes as they were reflected back to him. Had he been too harsh? Too quick to judge? Angrily, Harry swiped at this reflection. No, there was no reason for him to put up with that kind of behaviour. Even if a small voice in the back of his mind told him that he was used to it. That it was nothing. That maybe he deserved it. Quickly banishing those thoughts from his mind, Harry walked over to the ingredients cupboard and got what he needed. Maybe creating a potion would relax him. He grabbed the carefully preserved liquid silver and the wolfsbane. Back at his station he started angrily crushing the moonstone into tiny fragmented pieces, not stopping until the slivers he was supposed to get out of them turned to dust. He looked up when a soft hoot startled him. Hedwig had flown over to him and was now sitting on the edge of the cauldron, her head slightly tilted as she looked at her master. "I know Hedwig," Harry said quietly, "I ruined the moonstone." Hedwig hooted softly and fluttered over to sit on the desk. "It's really not that warm anymore, Hedwig," Harry said, trying to sound cheerful as he started cutting up the mistletoe. "You can go now." Hedwig hooted indignantly and nipped at Harry's fingers. "Ow! Careful, Hedwig. Mistletoe's poisonous," Harry argued, swiping the plant out of Hedwig's reach. Hedwig hooted again. "No, I don't think she'll be coming here anymore," Harry replied to his familiar, "It's not like she ever cared about potions anyway." Hedwig clicked her beak, hopping a bit closer. "You're right. I didn't either, at first," Harry admitted, "But I had so many things to think of. Voldemort seemed a tad more important than potions at the time, you know?" Hedwig screeched as she unfolded her wings a bit. "No need to be angry, he's gone," Harry assured her, "Which is why I can now focus on my studies. I wish I realized potions was this interesting a long time ago." Hedwig flew over to perch on Harry's shoulder and seemed to snuggle up to him, fluffing up her feathers in contentment. "You're not going to tell me that you think I'm neglecting you too, are you?" Harry accused lightly. Hedwig rearranged his hair with her beak in response, hooting all the while as if she was fussing over her owlet. "Is that why you're not leaving?" Hedwig took flight and flew straight into the ingredients cupboard that Harry had forgotten to close again. "Hedwig," Harry said sternly, "Get out of there." Hedwig emerged a moment later, and landed back on Harry' desk, depositing a new moonstone. Harry chuckled. "Quit babbling and get back to brewing, is it?" he said. Hedwig hooted contently in response, pecking at Harry's mortar. "I will, you silly owl, no need to attack my instruments," Harry said, taking the mortar away from his owl. He eyed her appraisingly for a while, noticing that Hedwig almost seemed proud of herself. "You're a very clever bird, aren't you?" he asked seriously, "Maybe one day I might invent a potion to talk to you." Hedwig hooted in response and ruffled her feathers, preening them in contentment while Harry got back to work, brewing the wolfsbane potion to clear his head. He was halfway through creating the base when the door to the lab opened. "There you are," Snape commented as he strode inside. "Where else would I be?" Harry greeted him heartily. Snape eyed Hedwig for a moment as she sat half-snoozing near Harry before walking over to the cauldron and peering into its contents. "Wolfsbane?" he said curiously, "Got any werewolf friends I don't know about?" "Just the one," Harry chuckled, throwing in a dash of ground pepper. "I heard about your altercation," Snape said. "You are turning into quite the gossip, Severus," Harry growled as he stirred his potion. "What else have you heard through the grapevine?" "Oh, you're just hilarious," Snape bit back, "Where do you think your little friends go when they think you're upset?" "I would hope that they don't go crying to any teacher – guardian or not – for something stupid like a break-up," Harry said matter-of-factly. "Hedwig, would you hand me those cloves?" Snape frowned as he watched Hedwig do exactly as Harry asked but made no comment about it. "Apparently you were somewhat upset," Snape urged. "I wasn't the one who started throwing hexes," Harry said coldly. He chopped up the cloves and threw them in the cauldron. "So if anyone was upset, it was Ginny. Why don't you go comfort her?" Snape summoned a stool and set it next to Harry's desk, claiming it to watch Harry work. "Ginny is not my daughter," he said frankly, "And I care not for her. Not one bit." "That's harsh," Harry commented, stirring his brew slowly, "Because she's a Gryffindor?" Snape smirked. "That might be part of the problem yes," he admitted, "Though if the past has proven anything, Gryffindors tend to have a way to worm themselves into my heart." Harry snorted, "Like parasites?" "Exactly so," Snape agreed, "But Ms Weasley could never. She's far too…" "Careful now," Harry warned, "It's best that you don't badmouth students in front of their peers." "She was never right for you," Snape said simply, "She was probably suitable for soothing any teenage urges you might have had but –" "No, stop!" Harry interrupted, "Not this again!" Snape grinned. "But she was never on par with you intellectually. Not even when I still mistook you for a dunderhead." Harry sighed. "You're probably right. But it still hurts." Snape grabbed a few cloves of garlic and started mincing them. "Each time our heart is broken, we should learn a lesson and not repeat the same mistakes. However, often there is nothing we could have done to save the relationship." "And what mistakes should I learn from," Harry asked. "Don't judge a book by its cover," Snape said easily. "What lies beneath the surface of shallow waters? Nothing. It's only when you go deeper that the ocean comes alive. The deeper you go, the more mysteries and surprises await." Harry sighed, seemingly getting tired from Snape's advice. "It will get better, Harry," Snape insisted. "Will it?" Harry asked, his emerald eyes fixed on Snape's. He seemed to be searching for something in the man. "Careful," Snape warned Harry, "I know that you're not feeling particularly pleased right now, but I advise against voicing your current thoughts." Harry threw in the splinters of the moonstone he had now carefully crushed. "It's better this way, I guess," Harry shrugged, "I'll have more time to focus on my studies. And –" he grinned at Snape, "- to play Quidditch as well." "Oh joy," Snape deadpanned, "Professor McGonagall will be ecstatic to hear and I, in turn, will be pleased to not have her turn up in my fireplace anymore." "She's been doing that?" Harry chuckled. "She's always been a competitive person," Snape shared with Harry, "And she needs you if she wants to stand a chance against the Slytherin team." "Can you really handle losing again?" Harry asked, performing the very last intricate stirring pattern there was to the potion. "The way I see it, I win either way," Snape said playfully, "Either my house wins or my son does." "So you can be at the victory party no matter what," Harry said happily, "Unless Hufflepuff wins." "If they win this year, I'll resign," Snape said seriously. "A bit too late for the Defence against the Dark Arts curse to befall you, isn't it?" Harry asked. "It's no longer in effect," Snape said, "Since the Dark Lord died." "Good thing too or I would still need to teach the DA," Harry said, "And I don't have the time for it." Harry hauled the cauldron off the fire, allowing it to cool. "What do you think?" he asked, "Is it acceptable?" "Outstanding as always," Snape said, "Do you need it all for your werewolf friend or shall I give some to Lupin?" Harry rolled his eyes as he bottled whatever portions he could get out of the potion. "Do with it as you please," he said, "My werewolf friend doesn't really need it anyway. He has a friend that is a Potions Master, you see." "I see," Snape replied. He looked over at Harry who was now cleaning up his working space. Hedwig had flown back to her perch, allowing Harry the space. "You're certain you're okay?" Snape asked one last time. "I will be," Harry said, smiling honestly. "There's no need to worry." The lack of the full moon did not make Greyback any less dangerous. He loved tearing people apart, even in his human form. And they really didn't need to be muggles or mudbloods for him to appreciate their anguished shrieks and panicked flailing. Licking his lips in anticipation, he released the girl he had captured before and watched her flee into the thick arboreal path. Exactly fifteen seconds later, he gave chase. "Talk, Mr Pippin," Bellatrix said sweetly, "And I suggest you do it quickly before Greyback catches your daughter. He's not exactly what one would call… friendly." A smirk that rivalled that of a Cheshire cat split her face in half as she laughed. The man beneath her grovelled and pleaded, his wand long snapped in half when he had tried to protect his family. His wife already lay still next to him, her throat clawed out and her limbs broken, displayed in an unnatural fashion as if she was a puppet that was dropped by her puppeteer. "Please," he pleaded, "I told you all I know!" "So you're telling me that there are no imminent orders from him?" Bellatrix asked snidely, "No potion ingredients? Nothing?" "No!" Pippin said truthfully, "Nothing yet. Please. Please let my daughter go!" At that moment, a high-pitched screech filled the air and Bellatrix laughed hysterically before shutting her mouth with a click and shouting; "Greyback! Return". It couldn't have been more than a minute later that the werewolf returned with the girl. He was dragging her with him by holding on to her right foot while her left was kicking the air in a desperate attempt to break free. "Oh dear," Bellatrix said sweetly as she approached the girl. She couldn't have been more than seven. "Are you scared of this big man?" she asked, "Did he hurt you?" The girl sobbed uncontrollably, clearly overcome by terror. "I'm sorry dear, but we had no choice," the former death eater said, kneeling next to the girl. "Your father simply does not want to cooperate." "Mum," the girl cried, "I want my mum!" "Certainly," Bellatrix said, smiling broadly. She snapped at Greyback who dragged the girl towards her parents and threw her to the ground right next to her mother's mangled body. She screamed and tried to get up but Bellatrix cast a body bind on her. She tutted as if she were reprimanding a young child. "Now now," she said, "You said you wanted your mother. Here she is." "Let her go!" Came Pippin's furious exclamation. He tried to get to his feet, seemingly forgetting that his legs were broken. "Should I?" Bellatrix asked as if she were contemplating it. "Give me one good reason." "Painite," The man said, "I'm supposed to contact him once I've received Painite. He's been asking for it." "Your point?" Bellatrix asked, tilting her head as if she was trying to understand. Tears were leaking from the petrified girls' eyes. "I will tell him that I got some," Pippin said desperately, "He'll come for it. I know he will!" Bellatrix clapped her hands together. "Excellent!" she said happily, "See, I knew we could make some sort of arrangement. You do that, and we shall return your daughter to you." "But-" Pippin wanted to argue. "Let us know the time and place," Bellatrix told him, "If anything goes wrong, like you tipping him off or him not showing up, your daughter will stay with us. My husband and brother in law will surely wish to have their way with her." She gestured towards Rodolphus and Rabastan who sat away from the action, glancing at her when she mentioned them. "But if you succeed in bringing him to us, we will release your precious daughter," Bellatrix continued. "But you'd best hurry," she added darkly, "Or she might not come back to you in one piece." There you are dears. Ginny is gone. Told you all it wouldn't last! I hope you're not too mad at me for it either way. What do you reckon is going through Maya's mind right now and who is Bellatrix trying to capture? Please tell me what you think and what you liked/disliked. I welcome all reviews!
Chapter 11 Harry was strongly aware of the warm sunlight on his face coupled with the strong winds that flew past him as he raced around the Quidditch pitch. "Ronald Weasley managed to stop the quaffle again," came Luna Lovegood's commentary, "He's doing this weird move that makes him look like a starfish. It seemed entirely accidental to me at first but since he keeps doing it, I no longer think so. Either way, no one has managed to score yet." She was right. They had been in the air for about thirty minutes if Harry's estimates were somewhat correct and neither team had managed to score a single goal. The Ravenclaw team had done some restructuring and since Cho Chang had graduated, they replaced their seeker as well. Harry wasn't sure if she was any good yet since this was the first game of the school year but he knew better than to underestimate his opponent. Currently, she was circling the pitch the same way he was but on the opposite end. At one point she had made an admittedly clumsy attempt at a 'Wronsky Feint' that Harry had simply ignored. "Ginny Weasley got the quaffle and she's rushing towards the goalposts. Oh – Oh dear, the bludgers are closing in. Careful Ginny or they'll get you." Ginny looked over her shoulder to try and spot the threat Luna had perceived and therefore missed the approach of the bludger right in front of her. It collided with her shoulder, causing her to spin uncontrollably for a few seconds until she regained control of herself. "I told you to watch out," Luna said airily, "Roger Davies got a hold of the quaffle this time. I wonder if he's still in touch with Fleur. I never did ask him how that ended up. Did you all know 'Roger' means 'famous spear'? It might mean he will become a famous chaser one day. Or perhaps a famous spearman. Are those still around? Ah, he couldn't get the quaffle past Ron. Those Weasleys are really good, aren't they?" Harry laughed. He really loved Luna's commentary. While not very useful and to the point, it kept his mind occupied and entertained. Harry whooshed past the stands to see if any of them were hiding the snitch but came up empty. He saw that McGonagall looked amused and not at all as annoyed as she had been with Luna when she only just begun commentating. Even Snape seemed to be entertained by her antics. Probably because he was not really a Quidditch fan and appreciated Luna's dreamy monologues. When Snape caught Harry watching him, he pointed towards the pitch as if to tell him to get back to it. Harry gave him one of his cheekiest grins, glanced around one last time and returned to his post. In doing so, he passed Ginny who gave him a murderous glare. Harry rolled his eyes and kept scouring the grounds, ignoring the song that was erupting from the Gryffindor stands. Weasley is our King, Weasley is our King, He didn't let the Quaffle in Weasley is our King. Weasley can save anything, He never leaves a single ring, That's why Gryffindors all sing: Weasley is our King. Harry smirked. How fantastic was it that the Slytherins had given the Gryffindors the opportunity to hail Ron in song. They had only needed to change some of the words. But then again, the Ravenclaw keeper was pretty good himself. Suddenly, Harry caught Ron waving at him with all the subtlety of an ostrich in a tea shop. When Harry looked at him, Ron waved vaguely at an area behind him. Harry didn't need to be told twice. "It almost looked as if Ron Weasley was performing some kind of mating dance," Luna said happily, "Perhaps he was trying to regain Harry's interest for his sister. Either way, it seemed to have worked because Harry is quickly headed his way." Harry noticed that the Ravenclaw seeker was not following him. Perhaps she thought that Ron simply wanted a word about something. The beaters – however – seemed to be sharper of wit and they both launched a bludger Harry's way. He dipped dramatically in order to evade them, then pulled up sharply in between both beaters, laughing joyously as he did so. No matter what, Quidditch always made him feel alive. Even when it almost killed him. Finally, the Ravenclaw seeker caught on but it was far too late. Luna was yelling something with much excitement but the wind rushing past Harry's ears left him nearly deaf for everything else around him. He rushed past Ron who smirked triumphantly while the Gryffindor beaters knocked a bludger straight into the rival seeker's path, slowing her down even more. It wouldn't have mattered anyway. By now, Harry had spotted the snitch fluttering somewhere near the edge of the pitch and snatched it out of the air, making a U-turn to show off his catch as Ron nearly jumped him while they were still in mid-air. "Harry caught the snitch for all the points," Luna said dreamily, "I suppose it's all over now. Gryffindor wins. Thanks for coming and I hope to see you all again next time." Harry landed his broomstick and was swarmed by the rest of his team. Davies shook Ron's hand politely, the two boys smiling at each other. "Nice keeping, Weasley," Harry heard Davies say. "Your keeper was bloody brilliant as well," Ron said amicably, "This could've been anyone's match, really." "Not when your seeker is Harry Potter," Davies chuckled, "Good game anyway." "Yeah, good game." Harry couldn't help but notice how much Ron had matured. Snape was on his way to his private quarters where Harry was waiting for him to get started with his next Occlumency lesson. He was rather unhappy with the prospect of hurting Harry more like this as well as viewing those horrible memories of his childhood that never failed to fill his own heart with anger but there was nothing to be done. This was what Harry wanted and Snape did not want to deprive him of the opportunity. That didn't mean he had to like it though. And his displeasure with the situation was clearly manifested on his face as he swept through the corridors, his fierce glare enough to force most of the people who would cross his path to move away. Yes. Most of them. "Severus, do you have a moment?" Of course, Professor Bell was not to be swayed by his malice. Couldn't she get lost somewhere? Preferably in the vicinity of the forbidden forest or something? "No," he replied curtly, not halting his movement. And yet, the persistent woman did not falter behind. In fact, she kept up with him even if that meant somewhat skipping or half-running to do so. "Come now, Severus," she said, huffing with the fast steps she was forced to take. "I just want to talk to you." "I'm not available right now," Snape said, glaring darkly at the spritely woman, annoyed when she simply smiled sweetly at him. "I just want to talk to you about Harry." That stopped Snape dead in his tracks. It took Bell a few moments to realize his arrest and almost tripped over her own feet as she turned around to face him again, her hair swaying as she moved. "What about him?" Snape growled, narrowing his eyes at her. "Is something wrong?" Bell seemed to think that question over for a moment. Not at all sure of how to respond to that. "Well –" she said hesitantly, "I was wondering if you could enlighten me about the relationship between the two of you." "I beg your pardon?" Snape asked, quirking his eyebrow. "Whatever do you mean?" "It just seems a bit odd," Bell continued as she brushed a stray strand of her hair behind her ear, her gaze seeking Snape's. "And I'm probably wrong about this but I'd rather be wrong and embarrassed at the end of this than be right and not have done a thing about it." Snape's earlier foul mood was lifting slightly as he felt amusement at what Bell was saying. She couldn't actually be implying… "And what – pray tell – is this situation you speak of?" Bell seemed to steel her resolve as her fierce gaze bore into Snape's eyes. She tilted her chin ever so slightly and Snape couldn't help but cross his arms and lean against the wall he was standing near as he watched her gather herself. Oh, this would be good. "Is it normal for an Apprentice to seek refuge in his Master's private chambers as often as Harry does?" Bell asked. Snape exhaled sharply as he tried not to laugh. He couldn't believe she had actually gone there. "No," he said easily, "Not at all." Bell frowned, staring at Snape as if he were some anomaly she couldn't quite figure out. "Then, what are you doing with him?" Snape pushed himself away from the wall and continued walking. "Follow me," Snape said briskly, "And I will show you just what it is we do together." It didn't take long for Snape to hear the tell-tale sound of another pair of shoes hastily trying to keep up with him. Ever so slightly, he slowed down. Not enough for her to notice what he was doing, but enough to be sure he wouldn't lose her along the way. "Are you saying he's there now?" Bell asked. "Of course," Snape supplied, "Where else would he be?" "In Gryffindor tower," Bell snapped, "In the library? Anywhere else." "Oh, but he so much rather spends his time with me," Snape said maliciously. "He always looks so tired when he returns from you," Bell accused, "Just what are you doing to him?" "Nothing he hasn't asked for," Snape replied. Oh, how he was enjoying this back and forth. It was fun to tease this woman who was obviously quick to mislead. Had truly no one told her about the relationship between Harry and him? "Here we are, Maya," Snape said, smirking as he opened the door to his quarters where Harry was already sat on the floor as he read through one of his books. There was obvious surprise in his eyes when he looked up. "Professor Bell," he greeted half-heartedly, quickly getting up from the floor and brushing himself off. Harry glanced at Snape, clearly seeing the amused twinkle in the man's eyes, not quite understanding what was happening. "Why has all your furniture been moved aside?" Bell asked as she stepped inside. "We need a lot of room," Snape replied, "for when we –" he walked over to Harry and casually draped an arm around his shoulders. "-Practice." Harry groaned when he finally realized what Snape was up to. Unfortunately, Bell seemed to take that noise of annoyance as something entirely different. "Are you ready for today, Harry?" Snape asked more caringly than he had ever done, "Or haven't you quite recovered yet?" Harry decided to play along. "I'm still a bit sore," Harry said pitifully, "but I'll do as you say, sir." "Harry!" Bell exclaimed, "What's going on here?" Snape snorted and at that moment, Harry couldn't keep it together anymore. He burst out laughing as he teasingly pushed Snape's arm away. Snape chuckled and ruffled Harry's hair roughly enough for Harry to bend his head slightly. For a moment, Bell was shell shocked but then she departed, slamming the door shut as she went. "Oh uh," Harry said, "You might've gone too far." Snape shrugged. "Let her be," he said, "She's the one who wanted to meddle in things that weren't her business." "You can be really heartless sometimes, you know that?" Harry said, "I'll be right back." Not listening to Snape's objections, Harry left the room and went after Bell. If anything, she was still his history teacher and he did not want to end up in her bad books. Lucky for him, Bell never got very far, already confused at the first tangent. "Professor!" Harry called out. Bell saw him approach and sighed. "Mr Potter," she greeted, "What more have you to say to me?" "Professor, I'm sorry," Harry said, "I didn't mean to embarrass you." Bell looked a little bit frustrated. "I just don't understand," she said, "What's going on between the two of you?" Harry smiled warmly at her. "I suppose no one told you yet," he said, "But Severus – well – he got me out of a really bad spot." Bell's expression softened as she listened to Harry. "What do you mean?" Harry scratched the back of his head in embarrassment as he sought for the right words. "You see," he said, "The family I was living with, they… they were bad for me." Bell frowned. "Bad? Harry, did they –" But Harry shook his head furiously. "It doesn't really matter, Professor," he said, "But I was in a bad way and Severus got me out of there. He offered me a home –" Harry couldn't help his voice from trembling as he went on, "- He offered me a family, even if it was small. He still allowed me to call it my own." Harry wiped at his face with his sleeve, something he knew Snape would reprimand him for. "And last Christmas –" Harry swallowed thickly and met Bell's compassionate gaze. "- He adopted me." The smile that crept on his face was unstoppable and seemed to warm Bell's heart. "Harry," she said, "I didn't know." "He used to be much harsher, you know," Harry chuckled, "He was the fearsome dungeon bat of Hogwarts, though I suppose he still goes by that name." Harry shook his head at the image of him and Snape fighting in the classroom, before… well, before everything. "I think he's happier as well," Harry said, "Maybe still not as happy as I would like him, but better." Bell smiled at him warmly, and without warning, she drew him into a tight hug. "Oh, you silly child," she said, "You're so sweet I could squeeze you to death right now!" Thankfully, she didn't. She let go and quickly wiped at her eyes. Harry graciously pretended he didn't notice. "But why did you feel the need to trick me like that? My heart nearly stopped!" "I think Severus just wanted to mess with you a bit," Harry said, "He has a weird sense of humour." Bell rolled her eyes. "I'll say. You can tell him that I'll get even with him for that!" Harry chuckled. "I will. And if you need help with that, I'm your man!" "Interesting," Bell said as she thoughtfully ran a finger across her lips. "I'll keep that in mind. Now, where do I go from here?" "Just go left, Professor," Harry chuckled, "And then you go straight ahead. Call a house-elf if you get lost." "Will do," Bell said cheerfully and she disappeared behind the bend. Glad to have that over with, Harry returned to Snape. "You're bloody mental, you know that?" Harry said after he closed the door. "Language," Snape droned. "Says the man who implied a sexual relationship between the two of us to a completely innocent Professor." Snape laughed. "And where did you gather she is innocent of anything?" "She just looks like it," Harry shrugged. "Of course," Snape, "A solid foundation to build your trust on, the way someone looks. Tell me, were you more enamoured by her long locks or by her amber eyes? No, perhaps it had more to do with the chest area." Harry grinned maliciously "Ah, so you are aware of the finer things in life," he said, "And here I thought you were blind to any such observations." "You are quite wrong," Snape said, undeterred, "I would have made a lousy spy had I not been able to grasp the finer details of my colleagues and their interests in others, male or female." Harry stood there grinning for a while before playfully hitting Snape on the shoulder. Snape took it without flinching. "What do you think you're doing?" "Just thinking," Harry shrugged, "About the possibilities." "Mind your cheek, brat," Snape said, "Or I'll give you the undiluted version already." "No you won't," Harry said easily, plopping himself back down. "And what makes you so sure of that?" Snape said as he grabbed the diluted Drink of Despair off the shelf. "Because you're my family," Harry said matter-of-factly, "And I know you because of it." The somewhat delighted expression on Snape's face made Harry look away as he felt himself flush. Snape cleared his throat. "Well, shall we begin?" It was a dreary Tuesday when Harry found himself seated next to Hermione and Ron in the morning, picking at his scrambled eggs. Ginny sat a few spots further away. She didn't seem angry anymore but she seemed distant. That was fine with Harry. Ron didn't even seem to fault Harry for anything for which Harry was grateful. The redhead had indeed matured. When Harry looked up at the ceiling, he became aware of the pouring rain that was going on outside. Dark clouds blotted out the sky so much, it almost seemed like the middle of the night. Every now and then, lightning struck in the distance, followed by the ominous roar of thunder. "Blimey," Ron said, "It's a good thing we don't have Quidditch practice today. We would probably be thrown off our brooms if we tried to fly." "Trelawney seems to agree with you," Harry said, nodding towards the high table where Trelawney was standing next to Flitwick, dramatically motioning towards the skies and jumping with every approaching rumble. "Maybe she's just scared," Hermione said. "Or mental," Ron mumbled, shoving another spoonful of porridge in his mouth. Harry was in the midst of peeling a banana when the doors to the great hall flew open dramatically. The hall was illuminated by another strike of thunder, revealing the form of two shadowy creatures in the doorway. Some students yelped in surprise. Others drew their wands. But none were prepared for the people who strutted into the great hall as they dripped all over the floor. "Everyone, listen up!" "And gather round," "For I, Fred," "And me, George," "Have returned from our glorious mission!" "It's Fred and George," Ron exclaimed unnecessarily, "What are they doing here?" The Weasley twins looked beyond awful. Not only were they dripping wet, they were also dirty beyond belief. They were smeared with mud, stinking clay and even blood. Some barely healed scratches were visible on the both of them and Fred seemed to be favouring his right leg. They looked thinner than they were before and honestly, they looked like they've been to hell and back. And yet, underneath the muck, grime and obvious fatigue, they were both grinning ecstatically. The twins bowed exaggeratedly and made their way to the high table, parading proudly as if they were peacocks, ready to impress their potential mate. "Hello, ickle Ronniekins," Fred said, ruffling Ron's hair as he passed. "Good to see you, sis," George grinned, patting Ginny's hair. "I can't believe it," Harry smirked when he noticed George carrying a book of sorts. He looked at Snape and saw that the Potions Master's face was a mask of indifference. He seemed cool and collected and not at all surprised to see the Weasley twins. But Harry recognized that glint in his eyes. Snape was very pleased indeed. Dumbledore's eyes twinkled but he made no move to greet the Weasleys. It was almost as if he already knew that they weren't there for him. "Here you are, Professor," George said as he dropped the book onto the high table with quite the exaggerated bang. "Told you we could do it," Fred said proudly. Snape raised his wand and used it to scan the book that was practically dropped in his lap. When nothing happened, he opened the book and scanned its contents. "Did you copy all of it?" he asked evenly, staring into Fred's eyes as he answered. "Every single thing," Fred sighed, obviously exhausted. "Well –" Snape said as his lips curled into a smile, "- you obviously lack subtlety but I commend you on a job well done. Your mother has received the formula some weeks ago. You may retrieve it from her." "What?" George exclaimed, "You already sent it?" "But what if we had failed?" Fred asked in disbelief, "You thought we couldn't do it! You said so yourself." "Did I?" Snape asked, "Well, you've certainly proved me wrong, gentlemen." He smirked as he perused some more of the pages. After a while, he noticed that the twins were still standing there, looking quite dumbfounded. "Well?" Snape asked, "What more do you expect? A kiss on your cheek and a hug goodbye?" "Severus!" Dumbledore admonished, "Fred and George have obviously been through much." The headmaster faced the twins with a cheerful smile and opened his arms wide in greeting. "Please," he said, "Take a seat and eat with us. You are most welcome." "Thanks, Professor," George said, taking a roll from the bowl that stood in front of Snape. "We'll take you up on that offer," Fred agreed, winking at the headmaster. They walked back over to Ron, Fred pulling him close in a one-armed embrace, rubbing his knuckles over his baby brother's head. "Missed us?" "Not one bit," Ron grumbled, "Get off, you smell awful!" "Scourgify," Hermione muttered as she cleaned the twins as best she could, sniffing in disgust at the puddles they left behind. "Where have you been?" Ron asked, "And what was that recipe Snape was talking about?" "Ah, little brother," George said, "Prepare for a fascinating tale of trials and mischief. Filled with wonder and amazement." "Monsters and ancient magic," Fred added, "As well as love gained and lost." It almost appeared as if the entire student body was leaning in to listen to the tales spun by the twins, while Snape was happily perusing his texts, vaguely aware of Bell looking over his shoulder with much interest.
Chapter 12 It had been merely a few days since the Weasley twins had shown up in such ominous circumstances – that many agreed on the twins must have been waiting for – to provide Snape with what everyone seemed to think was an ordinary book. Harry knew better but wasn't about to spill the beans to anyone except his best friends. But – truth be told – he didn't know that much. Not even Hermione was able to tell Harry what the book could possibly be about. All she knew was that Pythagoras had been an alchemist. "Isn't alchemy just another word for potions?" Ron had asked. "Don't be daft, Ron," Hermione chided, "Alchemy is so much more than just potions. It's a meta-skill of sorts which combines all of the different magics in its process." "But it is a very difficult skill to master," Harry supplied, "and takes years of practice and an understanding of magic that I – to be fair – do not have." "Does Snape?" Ron asked. Harry wasn't sure. He had never really asked Snape if he was an alchemist simply because it had never come up. "I'll ask him," Harry said. Since they were in the Gryffindor common room, and Snape was nowhere nearby, Harry wrote on his cuff. 'Are you well-versed in the art of Alchemy?' It took a while before the answer came and Harry snorted at the words. 'Yes. And you can tall Ms Granger that the book is none of her business.' Hermione blushed when Harry relayed the message. "I was just curious." "And he's just teasing," Harry said, "It's what he does. You know him." "Say, what is Bell doing outside of the portrait?" Ron asked. He had been lazily perusing the marauder's map for no other reason but to cure his boredom. "She is?" Hermione asked. "Let me see." "It's not even like she's patrolling or something," Ron said, frowning, "She just… standing there." "She might just be lost," Harry said, "I'll go see what she needs." When Harry opened the portrait and met the warm gaze that was professor Bell's, he knew that she was not lost. This was exactly where she had intended to come. "Harry!" she said happily, "I can't for the life of me remember the password but I really wanted to speak with you." Harry climbed out of the portrait hole and faced the History Professor with an amused smirk. "Oh?" he said, "I this what I think it is about?" Bell wiggled her eyebrows suggestively, "It is, young accomplice if mine. Oh yes, indeed." The following morning, Harry woke up bright and early to go to breakfast as soon as he possibly could. But he would need to make a small detour first. Using his invisibility cloak – just to be sure – he snuck down to the dungeons and into Snape's office which was connected to his private potions lab. Luckily for Harry, his presence did not trigger any of the wards. He smirked to himself. Snape was losing his Slytherin touch if he allowed Harry to just enter here on all hours of the day. He crept into the potions lab and walked over to the rack where each and every bottled concoction was neatly lined up in order of use, their labels facing forward in a neat fashion. Harry started turning some just a tiny bit. It was not noticeable to anyone who didn't pay attention to such things but Harry made it so that when facing the rack, you could not make out the entire first letter on the label. After that, he moved a bottle of skele-gro to a shelf above where it was supposed to be. He didn't take time to inspect his handiwork. Instead, he crept back out and made to leave when he noticed a stack of papers on Snape's desk. He took the top piece of parchment and put it in the pile completely at random. That should do it for the day. Harry left, closing the door behind him and raced towards the great hall, hoping that there wouldn't be too many people yet. And true enough, when he arrived there, there was only one other person already occupying her table as she read the quibbler. "Hi Luna," Harry greeted. "Good morning, Harry," Luna replied warmly, "You're here early." "Yes," Harry replied, smirking all the while. "There was something I wanted to do." "Something mischievous, perhaps?" Luna asked airily, "The Gronkulls told me that Professor Bell visited you last night." Harry sat down next to the blonde Ravenclaw with a loud thud. "Hush, Luna," he whispered, the sounds of their voices reverberating loudly while there was no one else in the hall. "She did, but you can't tell anyone. Especially not Professor Snape." Luna smiled brightly. "Don't worry," she said, "I'm not one to spoil your entertainment. And Professor Snape really needs to have some fun sometimes." Harry laughed. "I don't think fun is in his dictionary." "Perhaps," Luna said, "Or perhaps he needs to be reminded of its meaning." She tilted her head slightly as she regarded Harry carefully. "You know, I think you might be the one to do it." "Do what?" "You are the chosen one," Luna replied carefully, "And you will deliver Professor Snape from his worry and sadness." Harry frowned, ignoring Luna's odd choice of words. "Do you really think he's sad?" "He always has been," Luna said empathically, "It's become better over time but I've rarely seen him just happy. There's always some underlining tone of something darker there." "I think that's just his act you're seeing," Harry supplied, "He's a lot looser at home." "A mask tells us more than a face," Luna replied knowingly, "He wouldn't hide himself away if he didn't feel like he needed protection." "From what?" Harry asked, blinking in confusion. Luna smiled sadly. "From caring for others," she said, "And from being cared for. I feel that he's suffered tremendous emotional pain already." "He's got me though," Harry said. "He does," Luna agreed, "And I think that's all he'll allow himself for now. Don't you?" Harry sat there somewhat flabbergasted at Luna's words while she continued reading her quibbler, humming an unknown tune under her breath as she did. It was only a few minutes later that other people started to come into the great hall, yawning and stretching as they walked. As Harry had expected, Snape was one of the first Professors to arrive for breakfast. He quirked a surprised eyebrow when he saw Harry sitting there already and took his own seat at the high table. "Good morning, Harry," Snape said. Since there weren't a lot of people present yet, they could easily hear each other. "Defecting to Ravenclaw, I see? How will the Gryffindor quidditch team ever survive this blow?" "You would like that, wouldn't you?" Harry said, "Well don't worry. I'll be around to kick Slytherin –" "Language," Snape warned. Now Bell and Flitwick came in together – Flitwick clearly serving as Bell's guide – and sat down at the table as well. "See you around, Luna," Harry said. "Be careful of the ravens, Harry," Luna warned, "The Gronkulls told me they have it in for a stag." "I'll keep that in mind, Luna," Harry replied. He waved to her and walked away. But instead of heading back to Gryffindor Tower, he walked straight up to the high table and went across it to stand next to Snape. "Have you gotten so little sleep that you've forgotten where your house sits?" Snape asked, "Do I look like a Gryffindor to you?" "Not one bit," Harry admitted, "I just wanted to wish you a very happy Wednesday!" And without warning, Harry took a step forward and hugged Snape awkwardly and shortly. Before Snape had even processed Harry's movement, the boy had pulled away and flashed him an amused grin. "Professor Flitwick," Harry greeted as he passed by. "Professor Bell." At her, he actually winked and she acknowledged him by shaking her head in disbelief. With her back turned towards Snape, she clearly mouthed 'subtle' and rolled her eyes to which Harry bowed graciously before running off and sitting at the Gryffindor table where Ron and Hermione had arrived by now. "And you say the hat thought you might have done well in Slytherin?" Hermione asked incredulously, "What was that?" "He has no idea," Harry chuckled, "Don't worry. Maybe he'll think I'm sick or something but he'll never suspect foul play." "I still think you have a death wish, mate," Ron said, "Snape may have warmed up to you but I don't think he'll let you off the hook when he finds out." "If he finds out," Harry corrected him. "Don't forget. It's Professor Bell who is the mastermind at work." All three of them sat on the right side of the Gryffindor table where they had a clear view of the high table and everything that was going on there. They filled their plates with the breakfast foods of their choosing and ate absentmindedly as they kept an eye on their defence teacher. Snape seemed to sense their staring and looked at the golden trio, arching his eyebrows in a questioning look. They averted their gaze to look at their food but went right back to staring as soon as Snape refocused his attention on breakfast. He poured himself a cup of but had poured a bit too harshly, causing at least half of the scalding liquid to jump right back out of his cup and land on the tablecloth and partly on his robes. The man looked around as if to check that no one had seen his little mishap – Harry had seen this reaction coming and pretended to have a conversation with his friends - and removed the spillage with a wave of his wand. Next, he wanted to grab two lumps of sugar – as Harry knew was his usual amount – with the tweezers that were meant for them. Harry couldn't help but chuckle as Snape obviously wasn't able to get a firm grasp on the lumps. After a few tries, he mumbled something to himself and set the sugar aside, not bothering with it anymore. Bell had noticed his predicament though and – much to Snape's mortification - added a lump of sugar to his tea. She asked him something but he seemed to snap something back at her rather rudely which she took in stride. She glanced over at Harry and when she saw he was looking she alternatively held up one and two fingers with a questioning glance. Harry held up two fingers in response. Bell nodded and added a second lump of sugar to Snape's tea who simply shoved the cup away and filled a glass with pumpkin juice which caused no accidents. "He seems grumpy," Ron said, "Maybe you shouldn't have done this on a defence day." "Please," Harry said in a low tone of voice, "It'll be fine." Dumbledore had joined right when Snape was attempting to butter a piece of broad but had pressed just a tad too hard, his knife going straight through the bread. Snape stared at it, almost dumbfounded and Harry couldn't help it. He laughed loudly. Snape turned his head sharply to see his son laughing at him and Harry could only barely make out the annoyance in his eyes. It only made him laugh harder. Meanwhile, Dumbledore had replaced Snape's piece of bread and put a hand on his shoulder, saying something softly. Snape frowned but took the bread. He didn't attempt to butter it anymore but simply put a slice of cheese on it and ate it. "I know I've asked you this before, but he's not a morning person, is he?" Hermione commented. "He definitely is not," Harry agreed, "Especially not when he's being picked on by a bunch of Gryffindors." Snape didn't stay long at all. As soon as he was finished eating, he got up brusquely and went to sweep out of the hallways, glaring daggers at Harry as he went. "I think he suspects something," Hermione said. "He's just upset that I laughed," Harry said. "What would he even think I did?" Harry look over at the high table once more and saw that Professor Bell was beaming at him, a mischievous twinkle in her eye that reminded Harry of the twins. That brat must have done something! What it was, Snape could not possibly imagine but oh, it was him. The bloody golden trio had been staring at him from before things had gone wrong. They knew! Or was he getting paranoid? He must be. This was probably just a rough morning. These mishaps could happen to anyone. Though they rarely happened to himself. Could it have been a potion? No, he thought not. Harry knew very well that he was to report every new potion he even attempted to create to Snape and he had brewed nothing that would clarify what Snape could only explain as a lack of luck and an increase in clumsiness. And Bell had certainly seemed pleased with herself when she offered to add the sugar to his tea for him. As if he were four! Maybe she was in on it too! Snape sighed. No, he was really looking too much into this. There was still an hour before he would have to go teach his first defence class. He would stop by his private potions lab for a calming draught real quick and he would be ready for the third graders who thought they were ready to face boggarts. From his office, he swept into his lab and searched the labels for the calming draught. Wait… that's not where he put the skele-gro. Was it? Perhaps Harry had mistakenly put it there after he was done brewing. Snape moved the potion to where it belonged and took the calming draught. He stared at his potions for a moment longer. Something didn't feel right. But he couldn't put his finger on it. He shook himself, dispelling the thought. He tried to pull the stopper out of the bottle but didn't quite succeed the first time. Instead, his nail got stuck behind the cork, tearing it slightly. It was small but enough to annoy him greatly. With a huff of disapproval at his own inelegance, Snape removed the stopper on the second try and downed the potion. He kicked off his boots and sat behind comfortably behind his desk, quite sure that no one would dare disturb him yet. He glanced at the stack of assignments on his desk. He frowned only slightly when he noticed the discrepancy but it didn't seem to bother him as much. He must've really been out of it the previous day. Could it have been the fire whiskey? He had only had one glass though. After he took a while to gather his senses, Snape cast a quick 'Tempus' to check the time and sighed when he realized he needed to get going. He put on his boots, growling to himself when he accidentally tried putting the left one on his right foot the first time – and left to go teach class. It was only after he closed the door and tried to take a step that he noticed that his robes got stuck. It was with great self-restraint that he didn't blast the door to pieces. By the time Snape arrived in Harry's defence class – which was the last class of the day – he was absolutely furious. "Uh-oh," Ron whispered quietly as Snape swept past them to the front of the class, "I think you unleashed the beast, mate." Harry chuckled, "What I wouldn't give for his memories of today." "What are you talking about?" Draco asked. "Oh right, we didn't have the chance to tell you," Harry said, "We've –" "Be silent," Snape snarled at his son and godson, "Or – so help me – you will be repainting every inch of Hogwarts." Harry and Draco wisely kept their mouths shut but smiled at each other as soon as Snape's back was turned. "Today," Snape spat, "You will be learning about detecting as well as breaking curses. If you all read the required chapters as I had instructed, you will be fine. If not –" A malicious smile formed on the Professor's lips, "- You will suffer the consequences." Non-verbally, Snape levitated a whole slew of inconspicuous looking items out of a bag, placing them on each student's desk. Harry received a tattered looking plastic doll that looked like it could easily star in a horror movie. It missed its right arm and eye and its dress was dirty and torn. Harry had, in fact, read the requested chapters and was focusing on the object of his current consternation, vaguely aware of Snape keeping a watchful eye on him. He cast a simple 'Revelio', full well expecting that to not work. And so it didn't. He could practically feel Hermione rolling her eyes at him. "It can't hurt to be thorough," Harry said, shrugging all the while. On Hermione's desk sat a black boot, acting entirely innocent. Harry went through an entire sequence of spells he could think of. It didn't take long for Neville to discover what was amiss with his 500-piece puzzle and Draco had been able to solve the conundrum that was his Chinese puzzle trap within minutes. It took Ron and even Hermione a lot longer to detect their problems and Harry couldn't help but wonder if Snape had purposely given them the hardest ones to crack. It didn't escape Harry's attention at all that Snape hadn't so much as lifted a finger during this entire class. He was simply standing there, with his arms crossed, nodding occasionally when someone had been able to break their curse. But his eyes kept fluttering back to Harry and it soon became clear that the doll was one of two things. It was either not cursed at all or it was cursed at a level that was far beyond that of a Hogwarts student. Interesting. So Snape must have realized that Harry had something to do with what had clearly been a bad day. Eventually, Harry smirked, crossed his arms and leaned back. "Mr Potter," Snape droned, "Do you give up?" "Give up?" Harry repeated, "I would never. I simply solved it." "You solved it," Snape said icily, "And you expect me to believe that? When would you have done that?" "At the moment you inspected Hermione's boot, sir," Harry replied easily, "That's when it hit me." Harry fearlessly met his mentor's eyes and felt the subtle push of his Legilimency but Occluded without a problem. "So pick it up," Snape said, smirking sadistically. Harry had anticipated this response and already knew exactly how to act. He moved to grab the doll but bumped his desk unceremoniously, causing the doll to fall off. Snape – with reflexes he honed by years of catching glass vials and potion ingredients that found themselves into the clumsy hands of students – caught the doll before it landed and looked at Harry just in time to meet his triumphant smirk. There was a poof. There was smoke and then, Snape was gone. Harry frowned, not knowing what had happened. Had Snape disappeared? Did he teleport to the amazon forest or something? But then a couple of the girls screeched and jumped on their chairs. Harry leaned over his desk to see a small grass snake slithering on the floor. "Well, well," he said in parseltongue, "Who knew you would make such a cute snake?" "Don't jusssssst ssssstand there, brat," the snake hissed. Anyone who didn't speak parseltongue – which was the entire Hogwarts populace minus Harry – would think the snake upset and ready to attack. And perhaps, that wasn't too far from the truth. "What am I supposed to do even?" Harry asked innocently, "Unfortunately, I'm not too good at curse breaking, and this one seems to be rather high level." "Blasssssst it all! Jussssst bring me to a Professsssor before I bite you." "Alright, alright. Don't get your coils in a twist," Harry chuckled, "Come here." Harry extended his arm and the snake slithered onto his wrist, squeezing so he wouldn't fall off. "Class dismissed, I guess," Harry said. He waved his wand and got all the cursed objects to float back into the bag which he closed and took with him just in case some poor first grader came in for some reason and saw that awesome soccer ball to play with. Slytherins and Gryffindors alike laughed heartily at the situation at hand but they quickly made themselves scarce when Snape the snake hissed threateningly. "This is what you get, you know," Harry chided, "For trying to trick me." "I did no sssssuch thing," Snape argued, his forked tongue flicking in and out of his mouth. "Oh really?" Harry said, raising a sardonic eyebrow in the same fashion Snape always did. "So you're saying that this curse is on an equal level with the jelly-legs curse you so graciously bestowed on Zabini?" "You are better than Zzzzzzabini," Snape hissed. "You know, I could just leave you a snake," Harry said. "And perhapssss I could cut off the blood cccccirculation to your wrisssssst," Snape replied, squeezing tightly. "You're a grass snake," Harry chuckled, "You can't do a thing in this state." "Don't tesssssst me, child," Snape hissed, "I'll have you dicccccing Flobberwormssssss until Chrisssssstmasssss." "Hey, I'm going, aren't I?" Harry said to the snake, still smiling. The students he encountered in the hallway regarded the pair with either interest or disgust. One lone Hufflepuff boy even took off screaming at the sight. "Maybe this will get the 'The heir of Slytherin' rumours started again," Harry said. There was only humour in his voice though. "That'sssss far more acceptable than sssssstudentsssss knowing I've been coiled around your arm," Snape said. "To you maybe," Harry replied easily, "Well, here we are." "Brat," Snape hissed shortly, "Find sssssssomeone more capable." "She's very capable though," Harry replied, "And she's the closest by." "I refussssssse," Snape said. "Quite frankly, Severus, you don't have a choice in the matter," Harry said just a tad too happy about the situation. He knocked on the door of the History classroom. "Come on in," resounded the kind voice of Professor Bell. Harry opened the door and found Bell sitting at her desk, perusing a book. A stack of sloppily piled books sat atop her desk, some of them with the edges of pieces of parchments sticking out. "Hi, Harry!" Bell greeted him, "Oh, and who is this? Is this your new pet?" She placed the book she was reading on top of the pile and moved closer to Harry, leaning forward to get a better look at the snake. "It's beautiful!" she cooed, "What's his name?" "Severus," Harry deadpanned. Bell frowned. "That's a tad formal for a snake, don't you think?" Harry laughed. "Actually, Professor, this is Severus. He cursed himself when he tried to curse me with an object. I think he's mad at me." "Nonsssssensssse," Snape hissed, "I tried no sssssuch thing." Bell just started laughing. "You don't say!" she said, tears running down her cheeks, "How unfortunate of him to pick today of all days to work on curse removal." "What isssss ssssshe talking about?" Snape hissed. "I wonder what he's saying," Bell said. "Remove thisssss curssssse and I ssssshall tell you myssssself?" Snape hissed dangerously. "Can you remove it?" Harry asked. "Of course I can, Harry," Bell said easily, "Nothing to it. If you're ready?" "I think it's time," Harry agreed, "We've had our fun." Bell nodded and waved her wand elegantly as Harry kneeled to allow Snape to slither unto the ground again. Finally, Bell pointed her wand at Snape and broke the curse non-verbally. When Snape was transformed back into his old body, she crossed her arms and leaned against her desk, smirking triumphantly. Snape's glare was murderous but Bell seemed completely undeterred. "Will you two finally tell me what's going on before I horribly disembowel one of you?" Snape growled. "It's only fair!" Bell exclaimed, "You pranked me before. And by Merlin, you got me good." Snape's gaze softened just a little. Harry thought he was probably the only one who noticed. "So, I decided to get back at you," Bell continued, "And since Harry helped you with your own ploy, I thought it prudent to have him help me as well." "Traitor," Snape spat viciously but Harry detected the amusement underneath. "Oh, just turn around already," Bell said. "Excuse me?" Snape replied in surprise. "Turn around," Bell repeated, chuckling as she did. "I'll remove the rune that was applied to your robes." "You use runes?" Snape asked, but he did turn around which Harry thought was a remarkable sign of trust when faced with someone who Snape's only known for a few months tops. Especially considering how untrustworthy new teachers had often turned out to be. Bell waved her wand over Snape's robes and revealed a piece of paper that sort of looked like a cut-out stick figure. A strange symbol was drawn on it. It stuck to Snape's robes but Bell peeled it off and showed it to him. Snape took it from her and ripped it up, a satisfied smirk on his face when he dropped the pieces to the ground. "And the application was no doubt Harry's rather obvious… theatrics this morning," he said. "Subtlety does not appear to be a Gryffindor trait," Bell agreed, "But yes indeed. You should be able to add sugar to your own tea again." "I must say, that was very well played, Bell," Snape said, holding out his hand. "Glad to be considered a worthy adversary, Snape" Bell replied, shaking the offered hand. "Oh, we'll have to see about that," Snape said mysteriously. "Bring it," Bell said, tilting her head in mock defiance. It was not entirely on the same level as three first graders bringing down a troll together, but Harry sensed that this too might be the start of a new friendship. Even if it seemed to be a bit of a rivalry. Saturday morning was upon them fast as it always was when the week was interesting. And this year, every week was interesting. Snape had gotten up early – as was his habit – but had not seen Harry appear at breakfast. It wasn't entirely strange to see. Nothing short of Quidditch practice could wake the boy up before ten in the weekend. In fact, of the golden trio, only Granger was eating breakfast at a respectable hour, chatting amicably with the Weasley girl over a piece of toast. Snape had gotten a very interesting message earlier that week. He looked over the letter he had been sent with hungry eyes. Professor Snape, You've asked me to inform you before anyone else when I received a lump of painite. It is rather small, for which I apologize but as you know, the jewel is rather rare. If you are still interested, I request you to send me a reply at your earliest convenience. I would expect to have the painite in stock on Saturday. If you can't come by that day, I'll be forced to sell it. It would be too much of a liability to have lying around in the shop you see. Yours, P. Pippin It had been years since Snape had asked the man to alert him should the rare jewel ever arrive. Frankly, he had started to think that he had been forgotten. But the letter had finally come and Snape could not hide his excitement. "What are you so happy about?" Maya asked, nudging Snape slightly. "You're practically salivating over that letter. Got some hot admirer?" Snape snorted. "Nothing of the sort, Maya, I've just been invited to pick up some painite back in the apothecary in Hogsmeade." "Amazing!" Maya replied, "I've never actually seen it but I've heard it's really beautiful." "I don't need it for its beauty," Snape said, "I need it for its function." "Always the practical man, aren't you?" Maya teased, "Could you show me the jewel though? Before you splinter it into dust or whatever you do with it." "If that appeases your appetite for shiny things, let it be so." Snape complied. So it was that after breakfast, Maya and Snape both walked to Hogsmeade. Snape in silence, and Maya making remarks about every unremarkable thing they encountered on the way, much to Snape's annoyance. "Would you kindly refrain from making any more observations about the surrounding area?" Snape asked coldly, "I am very much aware of its structure and contents, thank you very much." "What are you so grumpy about?" Maya asked, "I thought this was a happy day for you." "I wish to get to Hogsmeade sooner rather than later," Snape replied, "And your dilly-dallying makes that sufficiently challenging." "Oh, you're such a killjoy," Maya chided, "Fine. First, we get your precious stone and then we cherish the view." Snape sighed. "Or you cherish the view and I keep on walking. "I could get lost," Maya pointed out in mock horror. Snape smirked ever so slightly, "Sleeping here might give you the insight in the area that you seem to want to know more about. I'm merely granting you the opportunity." "Just go and get your stone already," Maya huffed as they arrived in Hogsmeade, "We don't have all day." Snape rolled his eyes and walked into the apothecary, walking straight over to the counter to meet Mr Pippin. The old man almost seemed shocked to see Snape there. He was sweating profusely and had a guilty look on his face. "Don't tell me you've already sold it," Snape grunted, "We had a deal." "I'm so sorry, Professor Snape," Pippin said, "I had no choice. They have my daughter." Before Snape could reply, he felt the presence of several people behind him. He whirled around, wand already in hand to come face to face with Bellatrix Lestrange and her husband. "Hello Sevvie!" she greeted, "Out on a date, are you?" She inclined her head towards the other end of the shop where Greyback had grabbed hold of Maya's arm and was sniffing her intently. Maya slapped the werewolf in the face but the man did not relent. "Why don't you come with us, right now?" Bella asked, "And we won't hurt your new toy." "Oh, come off it, Bitch!" Maya hollered, "Who do you even think you are? You Death eater rejects!" This time, she elbowed Greyback in the solar plexus and forced her wrist towards the gap between Greyback's fingers and thumb as she shifted her weight, effectively removing herself from his grasp. "Get out of here," Snape yelled. "I don't think so," Maya said sternly, brandishing her wand. "Fool," Snape muttered. He pointed his wand at her and the history teacher was blasted out of the shop, leaving no one but Snape, the four death eaters and Mr Pippin in the apothecary. Snape's wand arm was grabbed from behind by a strong hand, the limb twisted painfully behind his back. "Let's go on a trip, shall we?" Bellatrix said sweetly and with the loud cackle of her sick laughter, the five death eaters disappeared with the sounds of a car back-firing. My dear readers. Today, the games pokemon sword and shield were released and I will be playing them. Don't expect to hear from me anytime soon. give it a week or so, I would say. I wrote this chapter yesterday to set you all up with a cliffhanger to enjoy. So, I can only ask you to review and perhaps I will show mercy. Haha, thanks for reading in any case.
I finished the game and I am back in business! I hope you all don't consider me too evil. I wasn't gone that long, really. Well, enjoy! Chapter 13 It only took a few seconds for Snape to determine just how much trouble he was in. They had landed in a clearing in the middle of a forest. On impact, Rabastan had immediately snatched Snape's wand away from him, releasing his arm when it posed no more threat. Bellatrix, Rodolphus and Greyback had joined instantly after Snape's forced side-along apparition. To his dismay, a young girl – not even old enough to be attending Hogwarts yet – lay on the ground a few feet away. She was not dead but she lay very still, her eyes fixed on something in the distance. She was not bound but then again, that hadn't been necessary by the looks of it. Carefully, he eyed his former colleagues, trying to find an opening. Perhaps he could figure out their plans for him and perhaps he could still get out of here. If he was fortunate enough, he would be able to take that girl with him as well. When his eyes met Bellatrix', she grinned maliciously. "Aww, don't look at me like that, Sevvie," she teased as she wiggled her index finger in front of his face. "I know what you're thinking! Dear old Bella must be involving me in some nefarious scheme! If I can figure out what that is, I can still escape." She laughed at her own deduction. "But alas, Snape," she spat, "My goal today is nothing but your pain and death. Except maybe to lure that Potter boy to your rescue just in time to see you die." "There's no way he would come willingly," Snape growled, his eyes darting around the scenery. Perhaps if he found a large branch or sufficiently big rock, he could get rid of at least one of his four adversaries. Perhaps even two, if he took advantage of the stunned confusion that would surely follow." "Oh, please," Rodolphus said, "You seem to be forgetting that the boy has a Gryffindor heart. Have you already forgotten how readily he charged into danger to try and save that godfather of his? I have no doubt he would do it again." Snape's heart clenched tightly in his chest. Of course Rodolphus was right, and of course, Snape knew this. He had only hoped that this band of randomized death eaters might not be intelligent enough to solve a crossword puzzle together, let alone understand what was in Harry's mind. Maybe a change of subject would leave them all sufficiently distracted. "I take it that it was the four of you who were behind the muggle attacks?" he asked smoothly, taking a few steps away from Rabastan. The man did not follow. Yet. "But of course!" Bellatrix replied, "It was all in good fun really. And when Rookwood let slip that even those filthy muggles were celebrating the Dark Lord's unfortunate death – a brilliant man of whom they knew nothing! – I just couldn't control myself." Snape frowned. "Rookwood is behind all this?" he asked. If that was the case, Snape was in even more trouble than he had already realized. "No," Bellatrix said in annoyance, "But he cares enough about the wellbeing of his brothers and sisters in arms to stop by every now and then. Unlike some traitors." Her eyes glinted menacingly. Snape took another step towards a rock he had spotted. Its edges seemed delightfully sharp. He might even be able to throw it to save himself some precious seconds. If his aim was true, perhaps he could even kill. "You realize he's playing you, right?" Snape said casually, "There's no other reason for him to still come and find you." "You're the only one here who plays those sorts of games, Sevvie," Bellatrix cooed. Snape suppressed a snort. How daft was she really? "Tell me, Snape," Rodolphus now said, '"Had you always been planning to betray the Dark Lord or was it a spur of the moment thing?" "You must think very little of me to even entertain the thought of me being so impetuous," Snape replied easily. "I was never his. Everything I did was for the light." "So instead of the Dark Lord's servant, you were Dumbledore's," Rodolphus continued, "Not a very big difference is there?" "I don't think you will ever understand," Snape sneered, "since the four of you clearly enjoy torture and murder." He gestured towards the little girl angrily. "Oh, her," Bellatrix said, as if she was only now reminded of the crumpled heap of human that she had no doubt positioned there herself. She turned towards the girl and Snape took his shot. He picked up the rock which was now located near his right foot and drew back his hand, ready to throw the blasted thing at Bellatrix' snide face. "Crucio!" Snape's body spasmed in pain he hadn't felt in a very long time but had never quite forgotten. His legs were suddenly unable to carry his weight anymore and his knees buckled, dropping him to the ground. He was only vaguely aware of the sound of his own screams. The feeling of his nerve ends burning with all the pain of a fourth-degree burn was more of a priority to his mind. His legs contorted beneath him and unwillingly, his body curled up on itself. And then it stopped. A small trickle of blood made it past Snape's lips and he realized he had bitten the inside of his cheek at some point. He panted and tried to push himself upright again on trembling arms but a heavy foot positioned itself on Snape's back and pushed him back down. "You didn't really think you would be able to lay a finger on any of us, did you?" Snarled Greyback. "In case you've forgotten how to count, there's four of us and only one of you." Snape laughed bitterly. "It would appear that it's not me who has forgotten how to count." His blurry vision was starting to become clearer when he noticed that Bellatrix sat hunched in front of him. "Oh?" she said, "Are you delusional enough to think anyone is close by enough to help you out? Or did you think that this girl was going to throw a surprise killing curse at one of us?" "It's the four of you – well, I suppose five if you count Rookwood – against everyone else. That's why you're skulking around like rats, isn't it? That's why you pick off muggles instead of lashing out at the wizarding world. Because you have no one left and all you can do is run. I know that you know this." "My dear old friend," Bellatrix purred. She took out her wand and moved it slowly along Snape's cheek, a deep cut appearing as she moved. "You can try to provoke me into killing you all you want but it won't work. You see, while I do want you dead, I have longed to cause you a great deal of pain for a very long time." Snape scowled at her, not allowing himself to react to the fresh wound being inflicted to his face. He could feel the blood trickle down his neck and could smell copper. "It's an honour to be the most important object of your thoughts, Bella." Snape drawled, "Though I do realize just how infrequent a thought is able to occupy your diseased mind, it's still quite the compliment." "Don't talk to her like that," Rodolphus growled, punching Snape square in the face. Snape glared icily at the man. "What's this, Rodolphus?" he asked snidely, "Protecting your wife? Why, last I remembered, you were talking about how insane she was and how you wish she would just get herself killed already." "That's not – He's lying, my love!" Rodolphus said panic-stricken. "Am I?" Snape smirked, "Just peer into his mind and you will see that I'm correct." Bellatrix smiled sweetly down at Snape and twirled her wand in her hand. A sign of uncertainty, Snape knew. "He's just trying to bring a wedge between us, pet," Bellatrix said evenly, "Rookwood warned us about this." "You've certainly traded in for a new 'Dark Lord' rather quickly, dear Bella," Snape purred, "You must not have truly loved Voldemort very much." Snape knew he was pushing it but was still surprised when Bellatrix' boot connected firmly with his jaw, sending him sprawling once more. "Don't you dare speak his name!" Bellatrix roared, "Don't you dare talk about him. You shouldn't even be thinking about him after what you've done." Snape's jaw ached terribly but he ignored the urge to bring up his hand. He wanted to show as little weakness as possible. "I loved him more than anything," Bellatrix continued, "He was my world and you and that Potter child tore him away from me. I can never forgive you for that!" "Oh, that poor husband of yours," Snape said, trying his best to nor slur his words because of his aching jaw. "It's no wonder he sought a way out." The satisfaction that came over Snape when he saw the flash of anger in Rodolphus' eyes helped alleviate the pain a little bit. Especially when he realized that the anger was not entirely meant for him. "Have you noticed, Rodolphus," Snape continued, "That while you call her love, she calls you pet? It is a rather telling sign of what you mean to her, is it not? Tell me, do you believe yourself above or below the werewolf when it comes to rank?" "That is enough out of you!" Greyback suddenly roared. He picked Snape up as easily as he would a rag doll and slammed him into a tree. Snape managed to allow himself only a grunt. "You. Talk. Too. Much," Greyback spat word for word, allowing a pause between each one to let his fist collide with Snape's face. The third or fourth one definitely broke Snape's nose and he found himself appreciative of the werewolf's lacking vocabulary. Snape spat out the blood that filled his mouth, already partially seeping through his lips and turned his determined gaze on Greyback. "She's using you, you know," he grunted with more difficulty than he cared to admit. "One more word and I will tear your lips off with my teeth," Greyback hissed. Snape knew that the werewolf was not kidding and wisely shut his mouth. They stared at each other for a few more seconds before Greyback released Snape, allowing him to fall to the floor and turned his back on him. "I suggest you do something about that mouth, Bella," Greyback growled, "Before he sways one of them –" he inclined his head meaningfully towards the Lestrange brothers "- to betray you." "You're right, of course," Bellatrix admitted, "Though I do so love to hear him scream. How about one more Crucio and then I seal those lips?" "You're the boss," Greyback shrugged. Bellatrix laughed gleefully and pointed her wand squarely at Snape's chest. The Potions Master braced himself but couldn't stop himself from screaming through the agonizing curse that took hold of his body. He wrapped his arms around himself to try and stop them from flailing but Bellatrix didn't release the curse until they did. When she had gratified her sadistic urges, Bellatrix kneeled before Snape and cupped his chin gently with her left hand. Snape wanted to slap it away but could barely lift a finger. Instead, he groaned. "Hush now," Bellatrix said gently, "It will all be over soon. For today anyway. We still need to alert a certain somebody to your whereabouts." Before Snape could react, Bellatrix leaned forward and kissed him long and hard. When she pulled back, her mouth was smeared with his blood. She licked her lips in delight and Snape had to do his best not to empty his stomach. "Suturis," Bella whispered. Snape thought he couldn't move anymore. He had been convinced that his body had been broken and that he would be unable to react to any more torture that day. He realized just how wrong he was when he felt the invisible needle impale his lips up and down, up and down, until a magical thread sealed his mouth shut. His brain screamed at him, telling him to stop the agony however he could and soon he found himself scratching at his face, attempting to stop what he knew he could not. And Bellatrix had taken her sweet time, that sadistic witch. She relished in Snape's agony as was evident by the extasy on her face. When she was finished, she took out what seemed to be a chipped cup and held it under Snape's chin, gathering some of the blood that was dripping down at an unsteady pace. Soon, the hand she used to hold Snape's face in place was covered by the red substance but she clearly couldn't care less. "You'll have to forgive me," she said when she saw Snape's cold stare. "But we don't exactly have any inkwells in this forest. Your blood should do nicely though. Did you have anything you wanted me to tell Potter?" Snape narrowed his eyes and glared to the best of his abilities. "Oh, you want me to tell him to come to rescue you?" Bellatrix said in mock pity, "Don't you worry. I'll tell him you said just that." Snape would've lunged forward had his body not been so heavy but even if he could have done just that, it would've amounted to nothing. "Rabastan, watch the prisoner," Bellatrix ordered, "I have a message to write, and I don't want to be disturbed by any moaning or flailing." "Yes, Bella," Rabastan agreed flatly. The witch disappeared out of sight, followed on her heels by Greyback. Rodolphus occupied himself by staring at the small girl that still lay motionless on the floor. Snape shook his head in dismay. The monsters. "You don't know what it's like out here," Rabastan told him. Snape glared at the man. "You were regarded a hero because you were on the right side of history," Rabastan continued, "And we now hide away like common thieves, scrounging up food wherever we can." Snape grunted and inclined his head towards the girl. Rabastan followed his gaze and grimaced. "One would say she was a necessary evil," Rabastan said after a while, "Others would say that luring you into a trap was not necessary at the least but simply a dangerous act to get revenge on you." Snape nodded in agreement to the second. "It's not like I have that much choice, you know," Rabastan said quietly, "I know what I can do and surviving on my own out here is not it. It's either this life or Azkaban – oh don't look at me like that. Azkaban would be infinitely worse." Rodolphus glared their way before moving to the campfire, throwing in some more wood. "You're right about one thing though," Rabastan shared willingly, "Rodolphus does not like to be around his loving wife at all. She's insane." Snape couldn't help but wonder why the man next to him was spilling thoughts as if he drank Veritaserum and questions were asked that only he could hear. On the other hand, perhaps he needed a sounding board and what better use was a man whose lips were literally sealed. "One day she'll kill us," Rabastan continued, "I know that. I'm not stupid. She'll get me first. Probably after I disagree with her on something stupid. She'll have had enough and she'll kill me. I can only hope it will be painless. As for my brother – well – that all depends. If he reacts too strongly to my death she'll kill him right after. Otherwise, it'll probably be a few months. Unless he escapes before that time." Snape couldn't help himself. He shot Rabastan an incredulous look that he normally saved to stare at the work of his most dunderheaded students. "Oh, and where would I go if I ran now?" Rabastan answered his unspoken question. "Go to Rookwood? He doesn't want company and quite frankly, he uses people." Snape glanced at the little girl and back at Rabastan. "Yes, Bella uses people as well. I know!" Rabastan replied. The volume in his voice was increasing and Snape became worried that Bellatrix might hear him. "But at least she's upfront about it. There are never any surprises. She means what she says and her orders are straightforward." Snape tried to smirk but found that he couldn't. Pain was his only response to the attempted curling of his lips. He suppressed a groan and tried to move himself into a better position. Rabastan regarded him carefully. "You look pathetic," he said, "You know that, right?" Snape rolled his eyes. What had they expected cornering him four against one? He didn't know what Rabastan was trying to provoke with his childish taunting but he should realize that Snape was unable to answer, even if he wanted to. So Snape motioned across his mouth and looked darkly at Rabastan. "I know you can't speak," Rabastan said, "That question was rhetorical, you know." He eyed Snape again and added: "Something tells me that the old Severus Snape would never have allowed himself to be ambushed like that. Have you gone soft or simply careless?" Snape raised a sardonic eyebrow. That question was definitely not rhetorical. "A bit of both, I suppose," Rabastan answered for him, "That's what you get when you're lounging about the impenetrable safety of Hogwarts. You have a warm bed to sleep on, good food on your table morning, noon and evening and you even have company that doesn't look at you as if you were a cockroach." Snape snorted at that last addition. Perhaps not anymore but once most of his colleagues had regarded him exactly so. Now only a very small minority still did. And even that seemed to be ebbing away with every time Snape went to watch one of Harry's matches; every time someone caught him looking at the boy with a sense of pride. Maybe he had gone soft. "Well, if you do it's your own fault entirely," Rabastan said, "You don't exactly have the most pleasant personality. It's really off-putting." Snape frowned at the man in front of him. That was certainly a case of the pot calling the kettle black. "Don't give me that look," Rabastan chided, "I didn't lay a hand on you except to bring you here. Nor did I torture that little girl. I don't relish in violence the way Bella and Greyback do. For a long time, people actually found my company rather delightful." Snape snorted again. "Don't laugh," Rabastan said, "It's true. But now – well – when you walk with trash, you end up smelling the same." Snape nodded solemnly. This was good. He could use this. Rabastan clearly wanted out of this little arrangement. If only he could speak, he would be able to offer terms. He could offer to talk to Dumbledore about granting them clemency. Not that the old man would be able to hold off the righteous judgement that hung over their heads quite like the sword of Damocles, but Rabastan didn't need to know that. Snape grabbed a twig and started writing in the sand. I could help you. Rabastan laughed heartily as if Snape had just told him a hilarious joke. But the glint in his eyes had been unmistakable. Snape erased the sentence and looked at Rabastan expectantly. "And how would you be able to help me?" Rabastan said softly, "Not to mention, why?" Snape exhaled strongly through his nose in exasperation with being asked two questions at once and picked up his twig once more. He wrote a number one in the sand with next to it the word 'Dumbledore' and below that he wrote the number two and next to that the word self-preservation. He then looked up meaningfully. "If self-preservation had been anywhere on your list of personal goals, you would have never become a spy," Rabastan noted cleverly, "What changed?" Snape erased his previous writing and wrote 'Harry'. "You have got to be kidding me," Rabastan sighed, "You loathed the boy so strongly for all those years but now you would help me stay out of Azkaban for his sake? It must be a cold day in hell." Snape erased Harry's name from the sand and fixed Rabastan with a piercing glare as if to say 'well?' Rabastan seemed to be in doubt but shook his head. "Let me think on it Snape," he said, "For one, I don't think I could leave my brother behind. If I disappeared, Bella would surely kill him in her rage." More would have been said but Bella re-emerged from the trees, with Greyback on her heels. Privately, Snape wondered if they had been doing more than letter-writing in the thicket but quickly erased that vile thought from his mind. "Oh, Snape, isn't this delicious?" Bella said, "By tomorrow, I am sure we will have Harry Potter in our grasp to suffer as much as you will. Surely, you're looking forward to his company?" A deep noise crawled its way up Snape's throat. No words could be distinguished but the threat was clear. Bella simply laughed. "Do you honestly think you scare me?" she said, "That you scare any of us? You are a dead man, Snape. You just don't know it yet." She whistled once and a large barn owl swooped down, landing on a low-hanging branch in Bellatrix' reach. It proudly extended its foot and she gleefully tied the letter to it. "Bring this to Harry Potter," she ordered. The owl hooted once and flew up, its strong, wide wings carrying it across the sky in a swift manner. "Don't worry, Sevvie!" Bellatrix said when the owl had disappeared from sight, "We have not forgotten about you. In fact, we have cleared our busy schedule just to have a bit of fun with you." Snape narrowed his eyes at the disturbing woman in front of him, his decorum not faltering when she revealed a large knife. "Now, what fingers would you mind losing the least?" Harry had had a very confusing day, yesterday. He had known that Snape was out buying potions ingredients with Professor Bell but neither of them had returned yet. And sure, it had been a Saturday, so there wasn't really a reason for either of them to be back on time but this was very uncharacteristic for Snape. What was even more confusing, was the message he had received on his cuff around three in the morning. It had nearly disappeared by the time he was awake enough to understand what was happening but he had still been able to make out the words. 'Ignore the letter you will get this morning. Do not test me on this.' The penmanship had obviously been Snape's even if it had been less neat than usual. Perhaps a side-effect from writing a message in the middle of the night. Maybe Snape had indulged in too much fire whiskey. Perhaps, he had sent Harry an embarrassing message that he didn't want repeated. He hadn't even bothered writing anything back because he was too tired but now – as he sat down at breakfast, noticing that Snape was still not here – he wrote him a message. 'Where are you? And where is Professor Bell?' Ten minutes later, he still hadn't gotten a reply so he just shrugged and dug into his breakfast. There were croissants today. The answer to Professor Bell's whereabouts was answered at that moment. She barged into the great hall, looking severely dishevelled as she hurriedly made her way to the high table, not even regarding Harry with a passing glance. Harry watched her approach Dumbledore, whispering hurriedly with her head bowed closer to his. Curious and slightly worried as he was, his attention was soon disturbed when a large barn owl landed right next to his plate and extended his foot. Glancing at the high table once more, Harry removed the attached letter and absentmindedly shoved some bacon and eggs towards the owl. He opened the scroll and gasped slightly when he saw that the message was written in blood. "Everything alright, Harry?" came the familiar drawl of a certain Slytherin blonde. Ron and Hermione weren't down yet seeing how it was Sunday, but Draco never skipped breakfast. "Wait, is that –" "I think so," Harry frowned, allowing his eyes to scan the parchment as his expression grew darker. My dear Potty, I would like to cordially invite you to a party that I know you can't wait to attend. Sevvie – for one – is simply dying to see you. Quite literally in fact! I'm sure you wouldn't want to prolong his agony so I want you to come to Hogsmeade as soon as you can. One of my party guests will be there to pick you up! If you want to bring a plus one, you are welcome to. A girlfriend perhaps? The more, the merrier! Just don't bring anyone over the age of twenty. We have enough of those already, you see. If you do, my guest will be forced to leave prematurely and will not come back until the next day. Since you will be dearly missed if you refuse to show up, we will send you a present every day. We simply can't carry on without you, you know? Today, you will have to be satisfied with the blood Sevvie has quite unwillingly provided to write this letter with. Tomorrow, I think I might send you a finger. Don't run late! We might run out of body parts if you do. With much love, Bellatrix Lestrange. Might I kindly ask you lot to provide me with some reviews? It would be much appreciated, you see. I'm anxious to see what you think and yes, I know. I'm evil for this new cliffhanger. The next one won't end on one, I promise!
Thank you all so much for your reviews! To answer a question many of you have asked over the course of a week. Yes, I'm evil. I hope you like this next chapter because I personally love it. Chapter 14 Harry's eyes widened considerably at the sadistic message he received. His heart clenched painfully and instinctively, his gaze shifted to the high table where he met the headmaster's gaze. He quickly looked away, remembering Bellatrix' warning and turned to Draco. "Harry," he said softly, "What are you going to do about this?" "I have to go, of course," Harry replied determinedly, "I'm not about to let those cruel bastards hurt Snape anymore than they already have." Harry got up from his seat and made to leave when Draco grabbed his arm. "Would you stop and think?" he hissed, "Or is it not obvious enough that you're walking right into a trap?" "Of course it is!" Harry shouted, "But what do you expect me to do about this? I can't very well just sit here." "Typical Gryffindor," Draco spat. Harry pulled his arm free and tried to leave again when Draco moved in front of him. "Look," he said, holding out his hand, "I know you have to go. I understand! But I'm going with you." "Absolutely not," Harry responded, "As you said, this is clearly a trap and I'm not putting anyone else in danger." "Is everything alright, Harry?" came Dumbledore's sudden voice. Harry looked up and stopped himself from meeting Dumbledore's gaze just in time. He wasn't about to allow Dumbledore a peak in his mind, especially when he was undoubtedly too emotional to block him. "No," he said honestly, "Severus hasn't returned and now Professor Bell comes back without him. What am I supposed to think?" "Severus seems to have been taken but we will sort this out," Dumbledore said, "I will help him, this I promise." "How?" Harry asked. This time, his eyes sought Dumbledore's in desperation but he didn't feel the tell-tale sign of a Legilimens in his mind. "You don't even know where he is." "I will work something out," Dumbledore said, placing a comforting hand on Harry's shoulder. Harry noticed that Draco was looking back and forth between Harry and Dumbledore as if looking for a sign as to what to do or say but he didn't speak a word. "Fine," Harry said. He turned around and walked away brusquely with Draco on his tail, leaving a concerned Dumbledore in his wake. "Harry," Draco urged again, "We need a plan." "There is no 'we' Draco," Harry said sternly, "I'm going alone and there's nothing you can do to stop me." "Oh, isn't there?" Draco said slyly, "I'm going with you and there's nothing you can do to stop me." "Petrificus Totalus," Harry snarled, his wand raised in the blink of an eye. But Draco was not bad himself. He had raised a shield just in time to protect himself and the spell fell flat. "You imbecile," Draco growled, "Would you stop for just a few minutes to think about what you're doing?" "And what happens to Severus in those minutes?" Harry asked as he kept walking, "You've experienced the Cruciatus curse, you know what a few minutes of that feels like." This time, Draco grabbed hold of Harry's shoulders and whirled him around, forcing the distraught Gryffindor to look at him. "You're only going to get yourself killed at this rate," Draco said in exasperation, "Do you believe – even for a second – that they're going to let Severus go the minute you show up?" "It's me they really want," Harry replied evenly. "Oh, don't flatter yourself," Draco spat, "You're the boy-who-lived, that's true. But Snape is a traitor in their eyes. Not only that, but he was also a big part of the Dark Lord's demise." He sighed without releasing Harry and glanced towards the door they had just used to get out. "I think you should tell Dumbledore. He will probably know what to do." "If whoever is waiting for me sees Dumbledore, they will leave," Harry said, "I don't want to be responsible for Severus losing any fingers. He'll never forgive me for that." "He would forgive you anything!" Draco replied harshly, "Especially the things that aren't your fault." Harry shrugged himself loose but didn't continue walking. His desperate and forlorn expression now locked onto Draco's, seeking refuge in the calm and certain expression Draco wore. "What do I do?" he asked, sounding very much lost. Draco smiled slightly and casually sat down on the front steps, patting the space next to him for Harry to sit on. "Let's figure that out," Draco said. Harry obediently sat next to the blonde and put his head in his hands, looking absolutely distressed. "First of all," Draco said, "Stop worrying so much. Yes, Bellatrix is batshit crazy but Snape has been in these kinds of situations often enough. Not only does he know how to get out of them, he is also perfectly capable of ignoring the pain." "I don't want him to have to, though," Harry frowned, "Those days are supposed to be behind us. Why is it always us?" "It's not," Draco replied, "They went after a whole bunch of muggles first." Harry didn't know what to reply to that so he just nodded dejectedly. "Now. We know that Bellatrix is among the group. She's dangerous but predictable. It's highly unlikely that she has some scheme going on that's multi-layered and complicated. The problem is that she's probably not alone." "No," Harry agreed, "There's at least one more death eater among her group. That guest she was speaking of." "Exactly," Draco said, "Not only that but if I believe the articles written about the slaughter of those muggles – as it has been portrayed in many different newspapers – I can honestly say that Greyback is probably among them as well." "How can you tell?" Harry asked. "Once you have seen the way Greyback works, you can recognize it immediately," Draco responded darkly. "However, I very much doubt that even Bellatrix is stupid enough to send Greyback out into Hogsmeade. The man has no self-control and would be a liability. Chances are that if he – for example – saw Dumbledore emerge, that he would sooner attack than retreat as Bellatrix promised they would do. Therefore, I think it's safe to conclude that there's at least three of them. "That puts us at a disadvantage," Harry said. "I should say so," Draco agreed, "Especially since Snape has no doubt been disarmed. That's why I think we should bring an extra wand for him to use just in case we can manage to slip it to him." "Where are we going to find one?" Harry asked. "I'll swipe one from the firsties," Draco said dutifully. "As for Dumbledore," Draco then said, "Do we have any Polyjuice lying around here, perchance." Harry was very much aware of the stock and inventory of both the school's potions and those of Snape. At home, he might have some but here at Hogwarts he most decidedly didn't. So he shook his head. "That's a shame," Draco said, "And we can't very well wait a month to brew some. So I guess you're right and that we can't ask Dumbledore for help. Would you be open to asking Professor Bell what happened, though? It would save us the time of asking around." "I guess that's not a bad idea," Harry admitted, "We just can't tell her what we're doing." "Maybe not yet," Draco agreed, "I would, however, advise you to let Dumbledore know what we're doing before we actually meet up with this death eater, at least. Maybe you can send a Patronus his way once we're ready to go? I know you can cast that modification that allows for communication." "I can do that," Harry said, "It should give us enough time." "Okay, so that's settled then," Draco said, "I'm going to get myself an extra wand and afterwards, we'll go talk to Bell." "Or I do that while you go get that wand," Harry offered, wanting to waste as little time as possible. "I could recognize our opponents from her description if it's good enough," Draco explained, "You could probably not." Harry growled under his breath, knowing that Draco was right. "Fine," he said, "But hurry up, okay?" Without another word, Draco darted across the hallway, heading to the dungeons. For a moment, Harry considered going by himself, after all, leaving Draco safe at Hogwarts but he knew that he needed the blonde's help. Especially if he wanted to get both him and Snape out of there alive. Frustrated with his own lack of cunning, Harry crossed his arms and leaned against the wall, waiting for Draco's speedy return. Before the Slytherin could, though, Professor Bell exited the great hall and stopped dead in her tracks when she saw Harry. "Harry!" she exclaimed, "What are you doing? Are you waiting for someone?" Harry uncrossed his arms and met Bell's worried gaze. "Yeah," he admitted, "I'm waiting for Draco." "Well, while I have you here, I just wanted to tell you how sorry I am." "What for, Professor?" "For letting them – wait, do you even know what happened?" "No, I don't," Harry admitted, "I would appreciate it if you could tell me when Draco gets here though. He's Professor Snape's godson and is also very worried about him." "Of course," she said. They stood in awkward silence for about ten minutes, waiting for the Slytherin to return. Harry noticed that Bell was injured. Nothing too bad but she sported a fairly large bruise near her collarbone and she had a nasty cut above her right eye. "I'm back," Draco announced, drawing Harry out of his thoughts. "Oh, Professor," he added. "Mr Malfoy," Bell greeted courteously, "I thought it would be fair of me to tell you both what happened back in Hogsmeade." "That would be appreciated," Draco replied. Harry looked at her expectantly. "We were going to the apothecary, you see," she said, "To pick up some rare ingredient but it soon became clear that Mr Pippin did not, in fact, have the jewel but had lured Professor Snape into a trap." She swallowed thickly and frowned as she continued. "Anyone would recognise Bellatrix Lestrange from the papers," she said softly, "As well as that foul werewolf, Greyback. There were two others whom I didn't recognize. Greyback grabbed me but I managed to escape him. I wanted to help. I really did! But Sev – Professor Snape basically threw me out of the apothecary. By the time I was able to rush back inside, they were gone." "It was not your fault, Professor," Harry said. Bell smiled at him wryly. "Thank you, Harry, but I can't help but feel somewhat responsible. Perhaps if Severus hadn't taken the time to get me out of harm's way, he would have been able to save himself." "Not from four death eaters," Harry said softly, "Not when they had planned for this so obviously." Harry took a shuddering breath, clenching his fists tightly. He had shopped at Mr Pippin's often and had always thought the man to be kind and respectful. How could he have betrayed Snape like that? "Did Mr Pippin say why he did what he did?" Harry asked softly, anger obvious in his voice. "His daughter was taken," Bell replied darkly, "He was promised her return after tricking Snape but by the time I left, they still hadn't." "Oh, Merlin," Harry groaned, "What is wrong with those people?" "Could you describe the two death eaters you didn't recognize?" Draco asked. "One was a tall, thickset man with very dark hair," Bell replied, "And the other man was quite thin, the same dark hair as the other." "The Lestrange brothers," Draco hissed, "That makes sense, I guess. Rodolphus is married to Bellatrix, after all." "What a fool," Harry spat. "Yeah well, they all are," Draco said. "Thanks for the information, Professor." "I just know that professor Dumbledore will find him," Bell said encouragingly. Harry thought she might even be believing her own words and he was not about to disillusion her of that notion. "Yes," he replied, "He will." Bell nodded, glanced over Draco and Harry one last time and hurried back inside the great hall, no doubt to talk with Dumbledore some more. "Get your invisibility cloak and we can be off," Draco said. "They are expecting me, you know," Harry replied flatly. "Not for you, you dunce," Draco spat, "For me. Whatever advantage we can get, we should take, don't you think?" "You're right, of course," Harry said, "I'm sorry. I'm not thinking straight. I'm just so –" "I'm worried as well," Draco interjected, "But we can do this. Get your cloak and meet me outside the castle. Someone is bound to ask questions if I linger here." "Right," Harry nodded and went to retrieve his cloak. Amazingly enough, Ron had still been asleep. So all Harry had to do was not make any noise and get his invisibility cloak out of his trunk. Luck must've been on his side because the redhead merely turned around in his sleep, chewing on his pillow as he mumbled something incoherently. Hermione had not been around either so Harry had quickly made his way back out of the tower and down to the castle gates. When he met Draco's gaze, the two boys nodded to each other in understanding and Harry handed over his cloak. "I think it's best that I wear it immediately," Draco said, "We can't know just where our escort will be and from how far away they can see our approach. I'll keep a hand on your shoulder at all times so I am apparated with you, even if it should happen suddenly. "Sounds like a plan," Harry replied shortly. He was quite sick of talking already. The thought of Snape in more pain with every precious second they were wasting, made him physically ill. As soon as he felt Draco's hand on his shoulder, he started walking. Neither of them said another word until they reached Hogsmeade. Before they entered the town, Harry dutifully cast his Patronus and told it to tell Dumbledore that he and Draco were going to save Snape and to perhaps have some medical attention at the ready in Hogsmeade. Harry heard Draco take a deep breath as if the boy was steeling himself for what was to come. The hand on his shoulder was trembling slightly but Harry could not blame the boy. He was pretty nervous himself. In a flash, Snape's warning to just ignore the letter flashed through Harry's mind and he chuckled wryly to himself. Hopefully, they would both be able to get out of there alive enough for Harry to take his punishment in stride. A slight shove from behind him urged Harry to keep on walking. The boy looked around, half expecting to be jumped at any moment but saw no one. "Harry!" came a sudden jovial voice that Harry didn't recognize. He looked to his right to see a thin man with dark hair approaching him with a big grin on his face. Draco's hand tightened on his shoulder, warning Harry of the presence of the death eater. "So good of you to come," the man said happily, "Follow me if you please." Harry didn't say a word but followed the man into a narrow alleyway that seemed to be completely deserted. "You didn't bring a plus one?" the man asked and Harry thought he saw disappointment in his eyes. Fewer people for him to torture and kill, he supposed. "Well, I'm Rabastan and I will be your escort today." He elegantly extended his arm towards Harry who took it without a doubt in his mind. The only thought that went through his head was that it was rather odd for the death eater not to take away his wand but he counted his blessings and just went with it. The feeling of being sucked through a narrow tube was one he would never be able to get used to. He felt the hand on his shoulder grasp him very firmly and was very relieved when his feet finally met with solid ground. The first thing he heard was the same maniacal cackle he had heard the night Sirius was killed. It made him want to just walk up to the witch it originated from and snap her neck just to shut her up. Instead, he stood calm and collected, awaiting what would happen next. Draco had let go of Harry's shoulder and his presence had gone away. Wherever the boy had skulked off to, Harry didn't know. But he trusted in Draco's abilities. "Hello, Potty!" Bellatrix greeted cheerfully, "So nice of you to join the party! I was wondering if you would show up today." Harry glared at her darkly before allowing his gaze to roam across the area. Right next to him stood Rabastan who had been kind enough to introduce himself. Bellatrix stood about ten feet in front of him with Greyback to her right and Rodolphus to her left. Near the edge of the clearing lay the body of a young girl. Harry could not tell if she was alive or not. Probably not. On the other side of the clearing lay Snape, slumped against a tree. His eyes were wide-open and spat fire in Harry's direction. Worry overcame Harry when he noticed the pained way in which Snape carried himself, the blood that was smeared across his skin and the fact that the man hadn't uttered a word yet. "I can see that you missed him," Bellatrix teased when she caught Harry staring, "Don't worry. He's still in one piece. Mostly." She laughed again and threw something in Harry's direction. It landed in front of him and Harry clenched his jaw when he recognized it for what it was. A finger. "You're a monster," Harry said, "Just as much as Tom was." Bellatrix stopped laughing and narrowed her eyes at Harry. "You dare!" she screeched, "You dare refer to him by his father's name. He hated that name." Harry shrugged. "He hated many things. By that standard, there isn't all that much we can talk about anymore." Greyback frowned and for a second he looked over his shoulder as if inspecting Snape. Harry panicked for a second, thinking he might have heard something but when Bellatrix shrieked again, he returned his attention to her. "You won't be talking much at all anymore, Potty," Bellatrix spat, "But don't worry. Soon you will see that godfather of yours again." "I will make you beg for your life," Harry growled, "Just like I made Tom beg for his." "You LIE!" Bellatrix shrieked so loudly that both death eaters behind her took a step back. "He would NEVER beg for mercy!" "Ah, but you weren't there now, were you?" Harry said cheekily, "No, he died all alone. Surrounded by his enemies. We crushed him, you know. We crushed his body and his spirit." "I don't believe you," Bellatrix cried, covering her ears with her hands and stomping her feet as if she was throwing some kind of tantrum. "I DON'T BELIEVE YOU!" Harry kept his eyes trained on Bellatrix but noticed it when Snape stiffened nonetheless. Draco must've made it to him. Snape didn't know if he should be furious with Harry for falling for what could only have been a trap without even thinking of bringing any back-up or saddened by the fact that he was here and would now most likely suffer the same fate he had. He wanted to move. To manoeuvre himself to stand with his son if at all possible, but even if his body would have been willing to cooperate, he was magically bound to the tree he was sitting against. He couldn't even speak to Harry with the curse that bound his lips together. He winced when Bellatrix started screaming at Harry. Greyback glanced over to him for a second, as if to check if he was still there but where would they even suspect him to go now? Snape allowed his gaze to wander, desperately searching for a way out. If he could only access his wand but it had been snatched and stowed in Bellatrix robes somewhere. Why was Harry egging that lunatic of a woman on? Now she was screaming at him at the top of her lungs and the boy just stood there, looking as cocky as ever. He had his wand in his hand. Rabastan didn't take it from him? Good. Perhaps he could count on the man just yet. He stiffened when he felt another presence in his direct vicinity. Something touched his hand but he couldn't see it. Despite his restraints, Snape smiled lightly. Harry had brought someone. Sneakily, a wand was slipped into his hand, which he hid away instantly. He performed a series of short wand movements, trying to remain inconspicuous as he did, removing the bonds that bound him to the tree. He glanced towards his adversaries, making sure that they hadn't noticed. When he was satisfied that their attention was on Harry entirely, he focused on removing the curse from his lips. It too fell to his expertise. Excellent. Things were suddenly moving at a much faster pace than he had anticipated but he could work with this. His eyes searched Rabastan's and found them immediately. It was as if the man was waiting for him. When their eyes met, Snape flicked his gaze towards Rodolphus and glanced back at Rabastan, glaring fiercely. He did this a couple of times before Rabastan nodded ever so slightly, only enough to be noticed by someone looking for it. Harry seemed to have noticed that Snape was good to go. Or at least, as good to go as he could possibly be a the moment. The boy raised his wand while Bellatrix was still shrieking, her attention severely diverted and shouted. "Expelliarmus!" As distracted as Bellatrix was, that might have been effective had Greyback not lunged forward at that exact moment, knocking Bellatrix off balance but also out of the way. "You didn't take his wand?' Bellatrix screeched but her attention could not stay on Rabastan too long for she was almost hit with a stunning hex from behind which she only narrowly managed to dodge, partially because of Greyback's earlier interference. Rodolphus was about to help Bellatrix out but Rabastan moved to the left of Harry so he was in his brother's line of sight and struck him with a stunning hex that easily hit its mark. Greyback might have been a wizard, but he was also a werewolf. And where Remus always did his best to suppress the beast within, Greyback was clearly more the type to embrace it. Which is why – rather than brandishing his wand – he had leapt forward and nearly grabbed Harry by the throat. The boy was fast enough to evade the man's grabby hands and dodged to the side. He cast a nonverbal stunning hex in the werewolf's direction. Greyback twisted his body slightly, causing the hex to fly right by his shoulder. He growled and lunged forward again but Harry cast a shield charm which Greyback slammed into harshly. Enraged, he shouted all sorts of profanities while Harry took some more steps backwards to increase the distance between him and his opponent. If he would happen to end up in close combat with this man, it would all be over within seconds. Meanwhile, Bellatrix was doing her best to dodge hexes that seemingly appeared out of nowhere. She tried to give as good as she got but only managed to blast the trees in the distance, missing whatever target was hiding from her. Snape had carefully righted himself, still leaning against that tree and aimed his wand, trying to keep his hands steady but not quite succeeding. "Sectumsempra," he roared and a cutting curse – that seemed to come as a complete surprise – severed the index finger of Bellatrix' left hand as well as a portion of her middle finger. She screeched in either pain or range when she aimed her wand at Snape. "Time for you to DIE!" she screamed, aiming her wand at Snape's chest but before she could utter her next spell, she was forced to dodge another curse that was thrown her way out of nowhere. "Coward!" she yelled, "Show yourself before I slaughter you for your impudence!" Harry tried as best he could to ignore Bellatrix screeching. The enemy he was facing was not to be trifled with. He wasn't sure what exactly had caused Rabastan to curse his own brother and withdraw from the fight, but he was very thankful for the apparent change in allegiances. By now, Greyback had drawn his wand and was firing blasting curse after blasting curse Harry's way. While not refined, there was a large amount of force behind each spell and it was all Harry could do to keep himself from falling to the ground, even when erecting a proper shield. When Greyback cast the killing curse, Harry dove aside, seeking shelter behind a nearby tree. He wouldn't let the werewolf advance on him though, so he took a chance and cast a nonverbal 'Incendio' in his way. Greyback was taken by surprise and hissed painfully when his arm was set ablaze but he cast a quick Aguamenti and doused the flames. Soon after, another blasting curse was thrown Harry's way and he made the wise decision to leap forward because the tree he was seeking shelter behind was ripped to shreds. "Impetus Tempestatis!" Bellatrix screeched. She lifted her wand above her head and made large, exaggerated circles in the air. A forceful wind appeared and picked up speed, swaying the trees dangerously and causing all sorts of loose branches and debris to take flight. Unfortunately, so did Harry's invisibility cloak, revealing Draco beneath it. "You!" Bellatrix yelled, beside herself with rage. "Another traitor joined the party!" Draco ignored her and tried getting her with another stunning hex but was too slow. Bellatrix retaliated but was met with Draco's shield. Harry dodged curse after curse, firing back whatever he could. Many of his spells hit their target, wounding Greyback severely but the man didn't seem at all fazed by his injuries. They only seemed to enrage him more. No words or intelligent taunts came from him. There was only the snarling of a mad beast. With all this dodging, Harry was coming dangerously close to the area where Draco and Snape were fighting. And Snape did not look as if he would be able to fend off a raging werewolf as well as a maddened Bellatrix. "Stricta!" Harry bellowed, aiming true. Greyback suddenly halted his progress, his body engulfed by a large black sphere that seemed to be getting smaller and smaller. Harry knew it would only be temporary though. Satisfied that his distraction would probably last long enough, Harry focused on the tall oak tree behind him. "Vivet Arbor," he chanted, placing his wand against the trunk of the tree in a horizontal fashion. Greyback was pounding against the black sphere that surrounded him, drool leaking from the corners of his mouth as he raged. He had become so feral that he was injuring himself as he tried to claw his way out of his prison. Harry tried not to allow the werewolf to break his concentration. He focused as hard as he could, chanting the spell over and over again until he heard a snap, followed by the thunderous footsteps of the furious death eater, ready to tear him to pieces. Harry removed his wand and prepared to raise a shield, painfully aware that he would be too late when the werewolf was once again stopped in mid-air. Thick branches curled around Greyback's limbs as they raised the man into the air. For the first time since the start of the battle, Harry could detect fear on Greyback's face. Good. This fear must have been what all the muggles had felt when he tore them to shreds. Harry looked on without remorse as the tree tightened its grip and pulled strongly. Harry could hear the snapping of tendons, the breaking of bones and the tearing of flesh. With one gruesome yank, the tree had effectively torn off Greyback's right arm. Blood streamed freely as the werewolf howled in pain. But Harry was not yet finished. The tree retained its hold on Greyback's legs and pulled harshly in opposite directions. It was not soon after that the right leg gave way with an audible pop of the thighbone that was removed from its socket. This limb too was carelessly tossed aside. More blood erupted from the werewolf's body and Harry knew that he would not live long. The tree froze again with the death eater still in its grasp as he slowly bled out. Harry walked away, refocusing his attention on Bellatrix. All three parties involved in the fight were injured and Harry noticed that Snape could barely stand. A whirlwind swirled around Bellatrix, effectively shielding her from most attacks but preventing her from doing any further damage herself. "Give it up, Bellatrix," Harry yelled in an attempt to raise his voice above the sound of the harsh winds. "Your werewolf is dead. Your lackies have abandoned you., You're all alone." "NO!" she screeched, "I will never be alone! I have HIM!" "He is dead!" Harry responded, "There is only one more option for you and that is Azkaban." Bellatrix laughed uncontrollably, the strong winds only picking up in speed. "I will never go to Azkaban, boy!" she cried out, "But you will find yourself dead! And so will those traitors behind you!" Snape slumped somewhat against the tree and Bellatrix seemed to see this as her chance. With a flick of her wand, she stopped the whirlwind, debris flying in every which way due to the momentum it had. "Frango!" Bellatrix cried, aiming her wand in Snape's direction but Harry was faster. He leapt to the right so he was closer to his father and cast a nonverbal Protego. The spell rebounded on Bellatrix who shrieked and narrowly dodged. A crack seemed to appear in her wand. "Secare!" Came the next hex. Harry blocked it easily while he approached the witch in front of him. Bellatrix seemed to have lost her mind entirely and the spells she cast were as unhinged and unfocused as she was. "Bombos," she cried and Harry reflected it again, taking more steps in her direction, glowing with a confidence he didn't know he had. More of the wand's wood splintered in Bellatrix' hand. "Give it up," Harry said coldly. "You lost." "Avada Kedavra!" At point-blank range, it was impossible for Harry to dodge the killing curse. His eyes widened when he realized that his life was over. Somewhere to his right, he could hear Draco scream and suddenly his vision was filled with nothing but green light. When the light faded, the lifeless body of Bellatrix Lestrange lay in an inelegant heap before him, her wand broken in half. Did you like it? Please review and tell me what you thought. It's always very much appreciated!
I want to thank you all very much for your reviews. They were a joy to read and I'm tremendously happy that the battle scene was so well-perceived. Please enjoy this next chapter as well! Chapter 15 Harry stood there in a daze, still reeling from the knowledge that he had come very close to death once more. His eyes were fixed on the limp form of Bellatrix, searching for a sign of life. When he found none, he released a breath he didn't realize he was holding. "Is she –" came Draco's doubtful voice. "As a doornail," Harry replied softly. He felt sick to his stomach. With a sudden flood of realisation, he turned around to face his mentor. Snape was breathing heavily, holding himself upright against the tree he had been bound to before. He was deathly pale and Harry knew that they needed to get back to Hogsmeade now. "Do you know how to apparate?" he asked Draco. Draco frowned. "I do," he replied, "But I've never tried side-along apparition. I think I could take one person with me but that's it." "I believe I could be of assistance," noted a voice. Harry swirled around so fast he thought he might've given himself a whiplash. His wand was still drawn and he trained it on Rabastan Lestrange. The death eater simply raised his hands in surrender, smiling kindly. "Come now, Mr Potter," he said, "I think there's been enough death for one day, don't you?" Harry said nothing. He stared at the man who was standing next to the stunned form of his brother and remembered that he had contributed nothing to the fight. "What's your angle?" Harry spat. "I made a deal with dear old Severus," Rabastan said. "Go ahead and ask him. Why do you think I allowed you to hold on to your wand? And why do you think I took out my brother?" Harry glanced at Snape, not sure if he would be able to get a valid response out of the man but their eyes met and Snape nodded. Harry still didn't trust the man. He was a death eater after all. But he realized that he didn't exactly have a choice in the matter. If Snape didn't get medical attention soon, he might still die. "You take Severus," Harry told Draco. If anything went wrong, at least Snape would make it to Hogsmeade. "Harry –" Draco said but Harry held out his hand to stop him. "We have no time to discuss this," he said, "Go now. We'll be right behind you." "Out of the – urgh – question," Snape protested but Harry simply looked at him with fierce determination. "This time, you have no say in the matter," he said and nodded to Draco to signify that they should leave. The blonde did not fight him anymore, grabbed Snape's arm and with a loud bang, he disappeared. Harry summoned his invisibility cloak to him as well as Snape's wand that was hidden in the folds of Bellatrix' robes. After a moment's consideration, he summoned Severus' severed finger as well. "We're taking the girl with us as well," Harry said coldly. Rabastan glanced at the lifeless body of their victim and frowned. "I honestly don't see the point but whatever you say, champ." Harry lifted the girl into his arms and went to stand next to Rabastan who was kneeling next to his brother. "If this is a trap," Harry growled, "You can be sure that your fate will be worse than that of your werewolf friend." "A bit dark but duly noted," Rabastan replied much too cheerily in Harry's opinion. "Well, grab hold, I would say," the man added. Harry grabbed Rabastan's shoulder tightly while he struggled to keep the girl balanced properly in his arms. Rabastan took hold of his brother's arm and apparated out of the clearing. When Harry popped back into existence, he was slightly overwhelmed by the crowd surrounding him as well as the noise that emanated from it. They were surrounded by Aurors who were – in turn - surrounded by curious civilians. Dumbledore stood somewhere to the side and had looked at Harry intently when he came back. He smiled at him before turning back to whatever he was doing. Harry couldn't tell because of the crowd surrounding him but since he didn't see Snape anywhere, he presumed that Dumbledore was tending to him. Rabastan raised his hands in the air, surrendering himself and his brother. "Gently, fellows," he said, "I did help your golden boy, after all." Harry sneered and wanted to say something when someone broke through the crowd, hurrying towards Harry. "Suzie!" It was Mr Pippin. When he saw the still body in Harry's arm, he released a strangled cry and sank to the floor. Harry kneeled next to him and handed the man his daughter. "She's still alive," he said softly. But that was all he could say. Frankly, he didn't expect the girl to ever recover from this state if Neville's parents were anything to go by. The Aurors took Rabastan into custody and awoke Rodolphus before doing the same to him. The befuddled death eater was completely confused and glared wildly at the surrounding crowd but when he looked at Rabastan, his brother merely shook his head in resignation. "It's over," he said solemnly. "Thank Merlin," Rodolphus replied. Harry made his way through the bodies that surrounded him. Some people parted immediately for him while others seemed to insist on checking him over to see if he was alright. But all he wanted to do right now was reach Snape and make sure that he would be alright. Finally, he broke through the crowd and reached Dumbledore who was now kneeling next to Snape. Draco stood there, looking decidedly lost. Pomfrey, as well as some Aurors that had received medical training, were tending to him fervently. "Excuse me," Harry interrupted, feeling quite silly for what he was about to do. When one of the Aurors looked up, he produced the finger out of his pocket and handed it over. "I managed to take this with me." "Oh Harry, there you are," Pomfrey said when she recognised his voice. She glanced towards the finger in Harry's hand and frowned. "I'm sorry but I fear that it's far too late for that." "Oh," Harry said, dropping his hand. "How is he?" "We've managed to stabilize him for now," Pomfrey answered, "But he will need time to recover. I would send him to St. Mungo's –" "He would hate that," Harry interrupted. "Yes, well, quite frankly I think it's rather ridiculous to agree with the patient's wishes in a case such as this but the headmaster –" she inclined her head towards Dumbledore sharply, "- seems to agree with your sentiment and has made it clear that Severus is to stay at Hogwarts." "He will be safer here, Poppy," Dumbledore said, "There are still more death eaters out there. I can't be sure if they too would seek revenge but if they do, St. Mungo's is the first place they would check." Harry kneeled next to Snape where he still found some room to do so and took hold of his hand. Snape's eyes remained closed and he was completely unresponsive. Harry hated seeing him like that. He felt the unmistakable sting of tears trying to force their way out but he refused to allow them to fall. He squeezed Snape's hand a bit tighter and inhaled deeply. "Please be alright," he said softly. "Please, dad." In an attempt for comfort, he placed Snape's hand against his own cheek, holding it steady, finding at least some smidgen of hope in the warmth of his palm. "Please move aside for us dear," an Auror told him. Begrudgingly, Harry let go of Snape and got back up, not even noticing it when Dumbledore put a hand on his shoulder. "I'm so sorry, my dear boy," Dumbledore suddenly said, "I neglected to ask. Are you hurt in any way?" "Just some scrapes and bruises," Harry mumbled, "Nothing life-threatening." "Only because you're so damn lucky," Draco growled. "What?" Harry asked. "You know what. If Bellatrix' wand had been just a fraction less broken or if she had cast that spell sooner, you would be dead now." "But I'm not," Harry countered. "How do you keep finding yourself in these types of situations," Draco sighed, "Can't you ever have a normal year?" Harry groaned. "Draco, I assure you that Severus will make sure to lecture and punish me properly once he feels up to it. Besides, you came along as well." "Only because there was no stopping you," Draco countered. "Let's take him to the castle," Harry heard Pomfrey say. She levitated Snape into the air and started walking, accompanied by three Aurors as she went. Harry was about to go after them when he Dumbledore's hand squeeze his shoulder. He sighed, not really wanting to speak with Dumbledore right now. "Harry," he said sadly, "Why didn't you leave this up to me?" "There was no time," Harry replied evenly, "You would have taken too long and Severus would have lost more than a finger." "Perhaps if you had informed me of your plan, I could have helped you." "Or they would have spotted you – or whomever you would send along for help – and apparated away, just like they said they would." "You can't know that," Dumbledore said kindly. "With all due respect, sir, neither can you," Harry replied, finally glancing up to look into Dumbledore's eyes. There was no sparkle and the wizard look every bit his age at the moment. "No," Dumbledore agreed, "But if I might be less than humble for a moment, I do have quite a few more years of experience than you. I know which risks I can take and which I can't." "I don't think I would've agreed with your choices," Harry said quietly, "I just didn't want Severus to suffer." "As noble as that might be, you put yourself in harm's way. Do you think Severus would have agreed to that?" "No," Harry said, "But why is it his choice? Especially when he was incapable of making any decision at that point. I know he would rather have died than allow me to come but I would never have been able to live with myself if he did." Dumbledore sighed deeply. "My boy, will I ever be able to convince you to leave these sorts of things up to the adults in your life?" "I'm legally an adult myself, now," Harry retorted. "And a fine one you have become indeed," Dumbledore said. "Your parents would have been proud of you and even though Severus will no doubt be very upset with you, I know that he too is proud of who you have become." "I'll keep that in mind when I'm scrubbing cauldrons," Harry said glumly. "And Draco," Dumbledore said as he put a hand on the Slytherin's shoulder. "Your courage today was worthy of that of a Gryffindor." Dumbledore chuckled when Draco's face turned sour. "Oh come now," he said kindly, "That's a compliment." "Honestly sir," Draco said, "I was hiding under Harry's cloak most of the time. There was no courage in that." Dumbledore looked at him fondly. "The way I see it, much of someone's real character lies in what they won't admit about themselves." "He's right," Harry said, "Thank you for coming with me. I couldn't have done this without you." "Don't get all mushy, Potter," Draco growled, "Before you start blubbering." Harry rolled his eyes. "Have it your way Malfoy. I thought you would appreciate having a Gryffindor indebted to you." Dumbledore laughed and Harry was pleased to see the twinkle back in his eyes. Even in his darkest moments, it was never that far away. "What say you we go and visit Severus now," Dumbledore said. "Don't we need to explain what happened to the Aurors?" Harry asked. "Draco already gave them a brief account of the events," Dumbledore explained, "If they require any more information than that, they will simply have to wait. For now, all of us need to recover from today's events." It took a while before Snape even woke up. Harry had stopped brewing all together, only going to the dungeons to visit Hedwig and make sure that she had access to fresh food and water. He skipped his classes but dutifully did his homework when Hermione brought it to him. He simply did so while sitting at Snape's bedside. Harry spoke to Snape often, knowing full well that the man could probably not even hear him. He would've held his hand but refrained from doing so. His hands needed to heal. Out of the nine fingers Snape had left, all of the fingernails had been ripped out so they would be sensitive to any sort of touch. The finger Snape had lost was thankfully just his pinkie finger. Snape would be peeved but he would get over it. Many of his bones had been broken which explained why Snape had manoeuvred so very little during the battle. It had honestly been a miracle that he had been able to raise his wand at all. Since Bellatrix was quite fond of the cutting curse, it was no wonder that Snape's body was littered with lacerations all over. It had taken Pomfrey hours to tend to all of them. Even his lips had been severely damaged and if that was not enough, he had been dehydrated as well. The fourth day after the incident, Harry was scribbling away as he focused on his potions essay for Professor Slughorn when he was startled by a gruff voice. "Shouldn't you be in class?" Harry dropped his quill and immediately pulled his chair closer to Snape's side, relief evident on his face. "You're awake!" He exclaimed. "Your skills of observation are as keen as ever," Snape said icily, "Now what are you doing here?" "Why don't you use your observation skills to figure that out?" Harry replied, "Surely, the answer is not that difficult to deduce." "Don't argue with me. I –" "Hold that thought," Harry said before getting up and rushing into Pomfrey's office to inform her of Snape's revival. He came back a few minutes later, the mediwitch close behind him. "I'm glad to see you re-joined the living, Severus," she said, "How are you feeling?" "I've been better," Snape replied. Pomfrey rolled her eyes and ran a diagnostic. "You're very lucky that Harry and Draco acted when they did," she said, "Not that I condone their rash behaviour in the slightest, mind you but their interference probably prevented a lot of lasting damage." Harry did not miss the malicious glare Snape sent his way which he responded to with a cheeky smile. "How much longer must I stay here?" Snape asked gruffly. "I would say at least another week," Pomfrey told him. "That's absurd," Snape growled, "Who is going to teach defence?" "I'm sure your students can manage without you for a while," Pomfrey said, "It's not like a half-dead teacher would do them any good." Snape attempted to sit up but Pomfrey placed a hand on his chest and shoved him back down. "If you manage to lie still as much as possible, you might be able to heal up enough to get out of bed within five days. But if you act like a certain someone else I know –" her gaze shifted to Harry momentarily who protested with a loud 'Hey!' "- I will be forced to keep you longer." "Understood," Snape sighed. He raised his left hand and grimaced slightly when he counted only four fingers. "I'm sorry, Severus," Harry said, "I brought your finger back with me but it was too late." "I could have guessed as much," Snape mumbled, "You shouldn't have wasted any time on it." "A normal person would say thank you," Pomfrey chided. "Quite frankly, Poppy. This sort of thing doesn't happen to normal people," Snape replied easily. Harry snorted and shook his head. He was happy that Snape was back to his snarky self already. Even if he wasn't quite healed yet, it made Harry feel a lot more relaxed. Pomfrey handed Snape five different vials. "Drink these," she said, "And don't give me that look. You brewed these yourself. You know very well what they're for." "I'm quite sure I didn't say anything," Snape said. "Drink the potions," Pomfrey repeated. "And Mr Potter, I believe it's time for you to leave. This isn't your common room and I don't want you getting too comfortable." "But Severus just woke up!" Harry complained, "Can't I have a few minutes with him?" Pomfrey sighed. "Fine," she conceded easily, "But make it short." "Oh sure," Snape growled, "Him, you placate." Pomfrey chuckled and walked away. "The perks of being the boy-who-lived-twice," Harry joked before he realized what he said. Snape glared at him. "Indeed," he growled. "Oh, don't be so grumpy," Harry chided lightly, "Everything turned out alright in the end." Snape stared at Harry, unnerving him tremendously. His jaw was clenched and so were his fists, which must have undoubtedly been hurting him. "Severus, stop," Harry said, grabbing one of his hands and unfurling his fingers. Snape yanked his hand back from him and looked the other way. "Would you stop?!" Harry said loudly, his own frustration bubbling to the surface, "I sat by your bedside for four days, waiting for you to wake up and this is how you behave when you finally do? I did nothing to deserve this treatment!" "I told you not to come," Snape said quietly. "What?" Snape suddenly sat up straight and made to grab Harry by the collar of his shirt but Harry stepped back. "I told you to ignore that letter," Snape snarled, "There is no way that even you could have misinterpreted my message like that. I didn't want you there!" "Well, not everything is up to you, is it?" Harry growled, "And I'm of age. I can make my own decisions." Snape snorted. "Of age," he spat, "Only barely and you still make all the wrong decisions." "Well, what would you have done?" Harry retorted, "The roles could have easily been reversed. Are you telling me that you would have left me there to rot? That you would have calmly waited for Dumbledore to come find me." "The difference is that I know what I'm doing," Snape said, "I had a plan." "Well isn't that just fantastic?" Harry spat, "Plan or not you do realize that you were practically half-dead when we got there, right? There's no way you would have survived much longer." "I would rather have died than put you into harm's way." "Hypocrite!" Harry shouted, "If I say the exact same thing, I'm a dunderhead that doesn't act his age but when you say it I should just accept it? No, don't you dare. Just shut up! You are my father and I will never – do you hear me – NEVER abandon you when you're in need. And I don't bloody care that you don't want me to. You can just suck it up and deal with it." "What is going on here?" Pomfrey suddenly shouted, "Mr Potter, when you asked to stay here I didn't expect you to start screaming at the top of your lungs. Severus needs his rest." "Fine!" Harry said harshly, "I'm not wanted here anyway." He gathered his books together in a messy pile and shoved them unceremoniously into his bag. "Don't you dare walk out on me," Snape said. "Try and stop me," Harry snarled. He flung his bag over his shoulder and stomped out of the infirmary leaving a very angry Snape behind. Harry stomped off to the potions lab and threw his books into a corner. He knew Snape was going to be angry at him but he was still so infuriating at times. "Argh!" Harry exclaimed loudly. Hedwig ruffled her feathers in dismay at her master's tantrum but stayed on her perch. "Can you believe him?" Harry asked Hedwig. "He doesn't even see it! He doesn't understand that he always acts exactly the same but does he ever get reprimanded for it? No, because when Professor Snape does something, he has some bloody fantastic reason for it that negates any argument that he uses against me." Hedwig tilted her head to the side as if to indicate that she was listening. "I know that he means well," Harry told her, "But I do too and he doesn't seem to realize it. How could he possibly expect me to just sit there and do nothing? Sometimes I think that he doesn't know me at all." Hedwig hooted softly. Harry chuckled. "You're right," he told her, "It's not exactly fair of me to shout at an injured man who can't even follow me. The stairs into the dungeon would probably be too much for him." Hedwig spread her wings and flapped a few times. "I'm not going to apologize," Harry told his owl, frowning as if she just asked him to rehouse himself into Hufflepuff. "I don't regret what I did. I would do it again in a heartbeat. I just wish I could've gotten there sooner. He must've been in so much pain." Hedwig flew over and nipped gently at Harry's finger. Harry groaned. "Yes, the man has just been tortured," Harry agreed, "So maybe it wasn't entirely fair of me to be upset with him for losing his temper. The last thing I want to do is cause him even more pain." Hedwig started grooming Harry's hair. "That's just pointless, Hedwig," he told her, "You should know that by now." When she yanked hard at a particularly knotty strand, Harry yelped and stood up straight. "Fine!" he told her, "I'll go apologise. There's no need to bully me into it." Hedwig hooted a few times and flew back to her perch, burying her head underneath her wing. "Now?" Harry said doubtfully. He sighed. "I suppose you're right." He stroked the feathers on her chest lightly before heading back out. "Thanks, Hedwig. You always know just what to say." Trying to channel his inner Slytherin, Harry glanced into he infirmary, checking if he could see Pomfrey anywhere. When he couldn't spot her, he silently crept inside, glancing towards the bed Snape had been in. The curtains were drawn so he could not see him. Harry took off his shoes in an attempt to be quieter and snuck further into the room, skulking towards the only occupied bed with large yet careful strides. So far so good. When he finally reached the edge of the curtains surrounding Snape, he was about to open them when a quiet voice startled him. "You look rather ridiculous when you try to sneak around, you know?" Snape said. Flushing instantly, Harry drew back the curtain, hurried inside and closed it again. "How did you see me?" he whispered. "You can see the outline of anyone coming in," Snape replied, "How have you been in here so many times already without noticing that?" "I just don't pay attention to those sort of things," Harry shrugged. "Clearly," Snape said. Harry was relieved by the lack of malice in Snape's voice. Apparently, they had both calmed down. "Hedwig told me to come talk to you," Harry said matter-of-factly. "Oh," Snape replied, "I wasn't aware that you sustained a brain injury." "I'm sorry for making you worry," Harry continued, "But I hope that you understand that I was worried too." "I'm sorry, Harry," Snape said, "I was careless. I shouldn't have been caught." "That's beside the point," Harry said, "And not at all your fault, by the way, but I need you to understand that I would do it all again." "Why?" Snape said. "Sometimes, you're a right dunderhead yourself," Harry said in exasperation. "Why do you think? You are my father. I care about you! More so than I care about myself." "I don't like hearing that, Harry," Snape sighed. "It's not like that," Harry replied urgently, "You know what I mean. You are my family and I couldn't stand losing you." "I understand," Snape replied, a small smile tugging at his lips. "I should've realized that there was no way for you to let me be." "Not a chance," Harry grinned, "It's a good thing that I'm such a wicked dueller." "A very good thing, indeed," Snape agreed. "For the both of us. Thank you, Harry. For caring so much." Harry leaned forward and embraced Snape tenderly, trying not to aggravate his injuries too much. "I love you, dad." Harry sighed contentedly when he felt strong arms embrace him back. "I love you too, son." I'll probably not update until Monday since weekends seem to make for slow traffic. Please do review and tell me what you thought!
Thank you all for your reviews! Wow, those last three chapters really seemed liked. I hope I can keep this up. Rest assured, this story is far from over. There is still so much more to come! And I hope you'll keep enjoying it as we move along. Chapter 16 Since Snape had awoken, he hadn't allowed Harry to skip any of his classes anymore deeming his education far more important than entertaining Snape. So Harry had begrudgingly gone to his classes before he was finally able to rush back into the medical wing, still carrying his books as he hadn't even dropped those off yet. When he entered he found a most uncomfortable looking Snape surrounded by cards and sweets. At the moment, he was glaring menacingly at a large green card with a snake on the front. "From your admirers?" Harry asked. Snape huffed. "This one came from the entire student body of Slytherin," he said, holding the card out for Harry to take. "I could have expected that much, but where the rest have come from, I couldn't tell you." "You could try reading them," Harry offered. He plopped down on Snape's bed and grabbed one of the chocolate frogs that littered his bedside table. "Wow, Slytherins sure have neat handwriting," he added as he checked the Slytherin card. "Since very few Slytherins are muggle-born, they have all learned how to –" "Oh look!" Harry interrupted giddily, "This one says she wishes her dad was as strong and brave as you are." "A sentiment ill-befitting of a Slytherin," Snape growled, "I will have to teach her some proper decorum once I get out of here." Harry placed the card on Snape's table and grabbed another one. "Since you're not going to read them, can I?" "Be my guest," Snape said, "But if you dare repeat any of the profanities you will surely see, I will be sticking your tongue to the roof of your mouth." "You are being paranoid," Harry sighed. "Here, look at this one," A wide grin formed on Harry's face. We hope that you will soon get better My mum will prob' knit you a sweater Miss you in defence Against all common sense As for Harry, I was no abettor! "It's from Ron, if you hadn't noticed," Harry said, "Way to throw me under the bus at the end. Honestly." Snape shook his head incredulously. "I cannot understand why he would even bother." "I think he's finally able to look past your rough exterior," Harry said, "Just like I have." "How dreadful," Snape groaned, "Soon, I will have Gryffindor children of all kinds littering my private quarters with their presence just because they assume I'm secretly somewhat… approachable." "McGonagall wishes you well," Harry said as he grabbed the next card. A fierce lion prowled the front. "And she tells you to listen to Pomfrey." "She would say that, wouldn't she?" Snape growled, "Sometimes she seems to forget that I am no longer her student." "Slughorn offers to brew you some dreamless sleep," Harry said as he picked up the next card, "He seems to think you'll be having nightmares." "If I need Dreamless sleep, I'll brew it myself," Snape scoffed, "Or I'll have you do it." "He's just trying to be nice," Harry chuckled, throwing the card at Snape. "I know that's a language you don't really understand but a no, thank you will suffice." Snape grabbed one of the chocolate frogs and frowned at it for a while. "They're not poisoned," Harry said, "I just ate one myself." "It could be a slow poison," Snape replied, "For all you know, you could drop dead in the next hour." "Or in the next week," Harry added, "I suppose we'll never truly know." Snape unpacked the frog and bit its head off, carelessly picking up the included card. He was about to hand it to Harry when he froze the movement midway and scrutinized the card with wide eyes. "What is it?" Harry asked, shuffling closer. When he got a closer look at the card, he burst out laughing. There was a picture of Snape there while he was stirring in one of his cauldrons. The concoction inside was a hot pink that Harry didn't think any potion in existence was coloured as. Harry had no idea when this particular picture had been taken and wondered how Snape hadn't even noticed. His name was carefully written in blocky letters under the picture. 'While a Master in Potions he is also a master of the heart. His speciality is in love potions which he gladly distributes among his grateful students. Rumour has it that he stalks the corridors during St. Valentine's day, making sure that any lonely student he encounters has a chance of finding their one true love.' "What is this foul nonsense?" Snape spat in horror. "When did this happen? Who made this?" "I've never seen it before," Harry laughed, "And Ron hasn't either or I would have known." "I will not stand for this," Snape growled, "Someone is going to pay dearly." "Pay dearly for what?" Draco asked as he entered the infirmary. "What did Harry do this time?" "Hey!" Harry responded, "For once, I had nothing to do with this." He took the card out of Snape's hands before he could react and gave it to Draco. The Slytherin read the text carefully, trying his best not to laugh. He coughed carefully. "Well," he said, trying to keep his voice neutral, "I don't know who is behind this but I am keeping this card for my collection." "Oh, I don't think so," Harry said, taking out his wand. "That card is mine!" "Willing to fight me for it, Potter?" Draco said, grinning madly. "You don't honestly think you stand a chance, do you, Malfoy?" Harry replied smartly. "Enough," growled Snape, "While watching you two hex each other into oblivion might be entertaining for a short while, that card will not remain in either of yours possession." "Where there is one, there is more," Harry said easily. "Unless you plan to ban chocolate frogs altogether." "I have half a mind to do just that," Snape spat. "Oh, it's already quite crowded in here," came, a female voice from the doorway. Harry swivelled to see Professor Bell standing there. "Hi, Professor," he greeted, "There's plenty of room. Why don't you join us?" She did come closer, wearing a concerned expression. "How are you feeling, Severus?" she asked. "Just fantastic," Snape snarled sardonically, "I can't even almost die in peace anymore." "You do seem to be surrounded by children a lot nowadays," Maya agreed, "Even when you're not teaching. You really must be a master of the heart." She smiled broadly as she produced another Snape card from her pocket. "Have you seen these? They are brand new." Both Harry and Draco burst into laughter but Snape scowled fiercely. "Oh don't look so upset, Severus," Maya said sweetly, "It's really quite a nice picture, at least." "I don't even remember anyone taking a picture of me in the lab," Snape said solemnly. "When you make a potion, you tend to be very focused," Maya said, "In fact, you were so focused that you didn't even notice me hiding behind your desk and snapping that shot." There was a moment of silence in which the History teacher coyly tilted her head to the side, smiling broadly with her hands clasped behind her back. Draco and Harry stared at her incredulously. "You did this?" Snape asked icily, "You would besmirch my name –" "Don't be silly, Severus," Maya interrupted him, "I would never! These aren't official, you know?" She took the card from her pocket as well as another one with Dumbledore on it and showed them both to Snape. "I tried copying the original card layout as best I could," she said, "But I was unable to duplicate the seal of authenticity. I think you need to know some sort of secret charm for it or something. It looks pretty good besides that though, don't you think?" "So these are not widely distributed around the school?" Snape asked. "Of course not, silly," Maya said, "I made enough to replace the cards in that basket of chocolate frogs but that's it." "I see," Snape replied. "I got you good though, didn't I?" Maya said as she sat down on Snape's bed just like Harry had done before he started going after Draco to get the card. "Come on, you can admit it!" "Perhaps you had me somewhat worried," Snape said begrudgingly, "But only slightly so." "Slightly?" Harry said, "You were ready to start hexing people. You should've seen the look on your face!" "Alright, you brat," Snape said, "I get your point." "I'm keeping one of these cards," Harry told Maya, "They are awesome, even if they're fake." "Sure," Maya replied, "But I'm afraid they won't last forever. It'll be less than a month before they fade out entirely." "Thank Merlin," Snape sighed, "I would hate to think of Harry showing his children these." Snape looked at the card a bit closer. "I can't believe I didn't see you." "Not only Slytherins can be cunning," Maya said; grabbing one of the chocolate frogs for herself. "So, have you made any more progress with the translation of that tome?" "When would I have done that?" Snape asked gruffly. "Like you have a lot to do in here," Maya said, "Aside from entertaining guests, of course." "Yes. I'm not sure why but people are visiting frequently. It annoys me infinitely." He shot Maya a disparaging glare. "Don't say that," Maya said, waving a hand in Snape's general direction. "Everyone needs company. I would've come sooner myself if I had found the infirmary sooner. I honestly think some signage would come in handy." "I'm even surprised that you made it back to Hogwarts by yourself," Snape snorted, "Since I wasn't there to take you." "It took me ages, though!" Maya said, shaking her head at her own antics. "I didn't even make it back before nightfall! I had to sleep in the forest." "There is no forest on the way to Hogsmeade," Snape said evenly. "Well, that would have been nice to know when I was trying to make my way back." Snape shook his head in dismay. "I can't understand how anyone can have such a bad sense of direction. Are you certain you're not doing this on purpose?" "Yuck, that one tasted like soap!" Harry suddenly exclaimed. He and Draco had opened one of the every flavour beans boxes Snape had gotten and were now trying to fish out the good ones. "What did you expect?" Draco chided, "It was white." "I thought it was banana," Harry sighed. "You realize you could simply eat a banana if that's what you want," Snape interjected coldly, "It would be much healthier than candy in any case." "But where's the fun in that?" Harry chuckled, "This is like Russian Roulette with candy!" "What's Russian Roulette?" Draco asked. "That's quite enough," Snape growled, "Get out. All of you." "But why?" Harry asked cheekily, "Don't you appreciate our amazing company? Do you know how many people would pay good money to be near my magnificence?" Draco made a sort of choking sound and Harry cuffed him lightly. "Your incessant jabbering is giving me a headache. If you don't leave now, I'll have you in detention with Filch for the rest of the year." "Okay, okay," Harry conceded, "Come on Draco." "And if I see anyone else carrying those ridiculous cards, my vengeance will be swift," Snape added dangerously. The two boys left in a hurry, laughing all the while as they roughhoused through the corridors but Maya stayed behind for a while. Snape quirked an eyebrow at her. "How are you simultaneously the Professor many kids fear the most but also a man those two boys would gladly risk their lives for?" Maya asked. "If you ever find out the answer to that question, please do inform me," Snape replied, "If I could make them stop, I would." "No, that's impossible," Maya said matter-of-factly. Snape sighed. "I know. Now get out of here before I sic Poppy on you. And now that I will get even with you for this." He waved the fake chocolate frog card at her, a scowl firmly in place. "Wow," Maya replied evenly, "I'm so scared." But then she playfully hit Snape on the shoulder before hurrying out of the hospital wing, grabbing a pumpkin pasty on her way out. "Feel better!" she hollered right before the door closed. And at last, Snape found himself surrounded by blissful silence. That and loads of get-well cards and sweets. Since Snape had behaved and refrained from straining himself too much, Pomfrey had indeed allowed him to leave his bed earlier rather than later. When he had arrived at dinner that evening, he became very aware of most of the students staring at him. Many of their glances were directed at his left hand and even more so when he was eating as if they expected him to no longer be able to hold his cutlery. That was preposterous, of course. He glared at everyone who dared meet his gaze and was at least mildly satisfied that most students he caught with his death stare were sufficiently mollified. "Try the roast beef, Severus," Dumbledore told him, "It truly is quite satisfying." Snape ignored him entirely and grabbed a chicken filet. "Have you spoken to the ministry about Rabastan's case?" Snape asked as he cut into his potatoes. "Of course," Dumbledore said, "I did so immediately." "And?" "Since he made a conscious effort to aid both you and Harry his punishment will likely be diminished. I believe he's looking at ten years or so. His brother, however, will probably be kissed." Snape grimaced slightly. It was honestly the best he could have hoped for but he still didn't wish the Dementor's kiss on anyone. "Thank you for your interference," Snape said. "Of course, Severus," Dumbledore replied, "I know that keeping your promises is important to you. And so you did." Snape nodded. "On a different note, I think we should be very careful from here on out." "Whatever do you mean, my boy?" Dumbledore asked. Snape lowered his voice and leaned closer to the headmaster. "They mentioned Rookwood a couple of times," he said, "And while I get the feeling that he works alone, he is much more dangerous than those four clowns were combined." Dumbledore nodded solemnly, "He is a master manipulator as I understand it. Much like yourself, Severus." Snape huffed. "Perhaps, with the difference that I still have some sort of moral code where he has none. I can't be sure what his plan is or why the slaughtering of muggles was helping him with that but we should stay aware of what's going on." "Do you believe Bellatrix murdered those muggles because Rookwood told her to?" Dumbledore asked, "I feel like that's something she would've done either way." "Perhaps she would have," Snape replied, "But I know he was behind it nonetheless. I just don't know why just yet. I think it would be a good idea to start receiving at least one of the muggle papers." "I trust your judgement, my friend," Dumbledore said, smiling brightly, "And I will follow your advice. Do you have any idea which of those papers is the more respectable one?" "I suggest you ask Ms Granger," Snape replied, "I haven't read a muggle paper in nearly two decades." "Splendid idea, Severus," Dumbledore praised, "I shall do just that." Harry found himself back in Snape's quarters, ready to get started on another Occlumency lesson. The furniture had been shoved aside again, and the 'Drink of Despair' stood waiting on a side table. "Are you sure you're ready for this?" Harry asked as he took his seat in the middle of the floor. Snape huffed. "It is not I that will be going through a lot of stress and discomfort, Harry," he said, "If you'll remember, you are the one who needs to be ready." "Well, yes," Harry replied, "But I'm counting on you to save me from myself if I fail, you know." "You have my word that I'm up to the task," Snape said, "Don't fret and focus. Clear your mind." Harry took a deep breath and closed his eyes for a few seconds. When he had cleared his mind, he opened them again and spotted the potion sitting in front of him. Without trepidation, he drank it in one gulp and braced himself for the impact of emotions he knew would overcome him. "Remember to focus on occluding," Snape said calmly, "Your emotions do not control you. You control them." Harry nodded and made eye contact with Snape. He felt the gentle push of his Legilimency waiting on the edge of his walls, expecting them to fall any moment now. Harry felt the anger and worry wash over him before he even knew where it came from. Only a few seconds later was he reminded of his arduous battle in the forest with Snape's life at stake. He felt his barriers tremble as Snape's mind pushed to break them but he held on. Bellatrix cackled loudly in his mind and Greyback growled fiercely. Harry was so angry with them that they dared to still interfere in his life. He had already lost one father to the darkness and these people were about to take another one from him. Harry felt himself succumb to the blackness of his wish to kill them. To rip them to pieces. His walls crumbled and he knew Snape had managed to get in. "Push me out of your mind," Snape told him, "Get a hold of yourself." But he had a clear vision of Bellatrix casting spell after spell at Snape, who was barely able to defend himself anymore. He now knew just how broken the man had already been that day because of the torture that woman had put him through and he understood the anguish he must have felt. This knowledge angered him even more. He tried to use that anger to push Snape out of his mind but could not. "You can't use emotions you don't have control over," Snape chided gently, "Think rather than feel. I know you can do this." Harry took a deep breath that seemed to ground him and remind him where he was. He became aware of the feeling of his own hands on his knees and knew at that moment that they were safe. He regarded the rest of the battle carefully, watching himself fight with the werewolf. A sensation of mist overcame him that seemed to cloud the entire scene in his mind. "That's it," Snape said, "That's your shield. Use it. Shape it. Bind it to yourself." "How?" Harry asked him in return. He was vaguely aware that he had spoken the word aloud. The mist swirled around the presence that was Snape but didn't block or push him out. Harry tried to shape it but the silver slivers were intangible and moved with a will of their own. "You need to will it to," Snape said simply. "How?" Harry asked again, becoming a bit panicked. And then, Harry's memory was suppressed just like in that first Occlumency lesson. He found himself sitting in that white space again, with Snape occupying an emerald green couch, regarding him carefully. "It would appear that we've reached another hurdle," Snape said, "You're almost there, Harry. You really are. You just need a grasp of the how." "I could've tried a bit longer," Harry said, "You pulled me out rather quickly." "You've been at it for nearly forty minutes," Snape said blandly. "Don't forget that time moves differently when you're occupying your own mind." Harry sat down on the bright white floor and looked up at Snape. "Okay, so now what?" "Now, we wait for the potion to wear off," Snape said casually, "And then, I think we shall begin teaching you Legilimency." "What? Why?" "The arts of the mind are complicated in a sense that they have a lot to do with feeling your way through the process," Snape said, "No matter how good you are at explaining yourself, trying to describe to someone how to do something that has no base in their reality is very much like trying to explain the colour orange to a blind man." "Okay," Harry said, "So why Legilimency." "Since I have a firm grasp on Occlumency, I can easily show you just what it is that I do to erect my shields. Like I said. You're nearly there. All you need now is the technique. And the best way to understand that is by delving into my mind." "That sounds dangerous," Harry said doubtfully, "Isn't Legilimency a lot harder to learn than Occlumency?" "It is if you're trying to become a master," Snape agreed, "But in our case, you only need to know enough to venture into my mind while I guide you where you need to go. I assure you that that is rather easy. It is only when you try to force your way into someone's mind, actively looking for memories and thoughts that it gets complicated." "Are you sure you trust me with your memories?" Harry asked, feeling a bit silly. "Seeing how I'll be directing you, I definitely do," Snape said, "And while other memories might bleed into the one I'll be showing you, I trust you to not mention them to anyone." "Of course," Harry said. Snape looked up and stared into the distance for a moment. "It would appear the memories are retreating," he said, "The potion has worn off. Open your eyes." Harry blinked a couple of times and found himself sitting serenely on the floor, the empty vial next to him. "Thanks," he said. "No problem," Snape replied, "Any way I can protect you, I will." He eyed Harry warily for a while before speaking again. "You really did quite a number on Greyback, didn't you?" Harry exhaled harshly through his nose. "I guess you could call it that." "Don't get me wrong. That man deserved to die and painfully so," Snape said, "I am rather impressed with the spell you used. When did you learn that?" "A while back," Harry said. "What can I say? This stuff comes easy to me." "Cocky brat," Snape said affectionately, "But I am glad that you're able to defend yourself so well. You're not regretting forgoing the path of an Auror are you?" "Absolutely not," Harry said honestly, "Just because I would be good at it, doesn't mean I want to make it into my job. At the rate I'm going, I would probably die on my fourth or fifth mission. My luck must almost have run out by now." "I'm proud of you, you know?" Snape said, smiling crookedly. Harry flushed a bit and tried to change the subject. "So, Legilimency!" Just a reminder to you all that there is a discord channel for those eager to discuss the 'The Potions-" series per request of FallingToast. You can find the link in my profile. Well? How do you think this will work out? Are you looking forwards to another bout of intensive mind tricks? I sure am! Please review!
Chapter 17 "As you are well aware by now, Legilimency and Occlumency go hand in hand," Snape said, "They are two sides of the same coin. Where Occlumency is a defensive skill, Legilimency is offensive. Therefore, you will need to actively cast the spell." "Well, I gathered as much from having you invade my mind all those times," Harry said blankly. Snape fixed him with a piercing glare and Harry wisely shut his mouth. "You need at least a basic grasp of Occlumency to be able to Legilimise someone's mind," Snape continued as if he wasn't interrupted. "It's important that you occlude your mind lest you lose yourself in your victim's memories." "But, Severus," Harry said, "I'm not quite there yet, am I?" "You are," Snape replied evenly, "Enough so to at least attempt the basics. And as I mentioned before, I will be there to guide you." "So what, do I hold your hand or something?" Harry joked. "Yes," Snape replied, "If we maintain a physical connection, it will be easier to attain that link while in each other's mind." "Oh," Harry said. He was starting to feel decidedly uncomfortable. Snape seemed to realize as much immediately. "It is really not that frightening," he said soothingly, "Trust me to know what I'm doing." Harry smiled as he relaxed somewhat. "I do trust you," he said. "Good. Then go ahead and take a seat." "Do I sit on the floor again?" Harry asked. "Just to be safe, yes," Snape replied. After Harry sat down, Snape went to sit across from him, his arms resting casually on top of his folded legs. Harry copied his position and looked at him expectantly. "Take my hands," Snape said. Harry inhaled deeply and did so, trying his best to ignore the missing finger on Snape's left hand. "Now clear your mind and allow me to reach out." Harry did as he was told and waited for that now-familiar tingle that would indicate Snape's presence. When he felt it, he allowed it entrance. For one disconcerting moment, he got the feeling that he was losing consciousness when he felt Snape tug at his own mind but the feeling quickly vanished. "Don't fight it," Snape said calmly, "Just follow." If Harry had been fighting Snape at all, he hadn't realized. But he allowed himself to relax some more and closed his eyes to get a better sense of what he was doing. If he concentrated, he got the distinct feeling of a presence floating somewhere right in front of him. The corridors of his – or were they already Snape's – mind passed them by as they went. All Harry had to do was stay close and he quickly found that he could do so if he simply let go of the idea that he was in control. "Good," Snape said. But Harry didn't think he had said it out loud. He had felt it more than he heard it, just like when Snape communicated with him when he was in a memory. "You will experience a moment of disassociation now," Snape told him, "You must allow it. No harm will come to you." And suddenly, Harry felt as if he had lost his connection to the surrounding area. He could no longer feel the floor beneath him nor did he experience the feeling of breathing air. He felt as if he could lose himself at any moment now when he felt the gentle squeeze of Snape's hands grabbing his own. He reached out and grabbed hold of that feeling, allowing his mind to go where Snape was taking it. And then he was flung into a memory. It was disconcerting to find himself in a scene he hadn't taken part of like he was some sort of onlooker. He looked around, half expecting to find the physical form of Snape looming somewhere behind him but he wasn't. "I'm here," Snape assured him, "Now pay attention to the memory and the shields I will be putting in place. You will only have a moment to study my efforts before you're ejected." Harry recognized the outskirts of Cokeworth. They were near his mother's house. A young child with shoulder-length black hair sat at the riverbank, throwing pebbles into the water. His clothes were worn out and mismatched. He was probably no older than thirteen. "Severus!" Harry looked away to see a young girl run up to him. Her hair was the colour of fire and her green eyes were so much like his own. She was carrying what seemed to be a picnic basket. Severus got up and patted his clothes to remove the sand from them. "Hi Lily," he said, smiling warmly. Even Harry had never seen his father look as happy as he did at that moment. "I'm sorry I'm late," Lily breathed, leaning on her knees to collect herself, "Mum wanted me to clean up my room first." Severus snorted. "In that case, I'm surprised you even made it here at all." "Hey!" Lily reacted, swatting Severus playfully, "Are you calling me messy?" Severus laughed, "Are you denying it? I can't believe you didn't break a leg tripping over your own things yet." Lily grabbed Severus' hand and started dragging him with her. "Just come on," she said, "I'm starving!" Severus followed. Harry was smiling brightly at the scene when he recognised the mist swirling across the memory. It was the same kind he had been unable to mould in his own mind. More than see what was happening, Harry could feel it. The intangible fog was actually the solidification of his emotions or in this case those of Snape. He felt the tightening of Snape's hands on his and wondered if it was subconscious on his part. He was aware of the space between the silver slivers diminishing as they became less translucent and sturdier. If he would have had a sense of temperature, he was sure it would've become colder even though he didn't know why he thought that. The leaves of the surrounding trees stopped rustling and Harry wondered if time had stopped in the memory or if it had just been halted. "No," he said, "Not yet. Please." But his pleas were ignored and he was expelled from the memory. For a moment, he was disconnected from Snape and he couldn't help but think to himself that he wanted more. It was one thing to hear stories of his mother or to see her in pictures. It was another thing entirely to see her in real life, even if it was just a memory. And without even realizing what was happening, he felt his own mind flip through Snape's, memories flashing past him at breakneck speed. He couldn't even see what was going on. And suddenly - as if he had landed after using a portkey - he found himself grounded in another memory. "It's because he's a Gryffindor, isn't it?" Severus asked a frazzled looking Lily. Harry thought he might have been sixteen in this memory. He wasn't entirely sure what happened but his mother was in this memory too. And all he wanted was to see more of her. "Don't be ridiculous, Sev," Lily replied softly, "You know that doesn't matter to me." "You know how he is," Severus said. His voice sounded hurt. "You know what he and the rest of his pack do to people like me." "I know he used to be a prat," Lily answered, "But he's improved a lot lately, hasn't he? Wait, has he come after you again?" Severus seemed to struggle with himself for a while before glaring at Lily. "No," he answered coldly, "But how does that negate his previous actions? They almost got me killed!" "That was Sirius," Lily said, anger evident in her voice but Harry didn't think it was directed at Severus. "And James was very upset with him for that. Remus as well." Severus huffed. "They were probably scared that people would find out about Lupin." "I can understand you're upset about this but it honestly has nothing to do with you, Sev," Lily said, "You made very clear what you think of … people like me." Severus suddenly lunged forward and for a moment, Harry thought he might hit Lily. But instead, he pulled Lily close and kissed her fiercely, one hand on the small of her back and the other buried in her long hair on the back of her head. She seemed stunned for a moment before she roughly pushed him away. "Don't!" she spat, "You had your chance and you blew it." Her gaze softened when she saw the hurt look in Severus' eyes but she didn't approach him. "I'm with James now. I'm sorry." And without another word, she turned around and walked away. Harry wondered if he imagined the tears that now stained her face. He was overcome by pain and sadness as he watched Severus stand there for a few moments before finally turning around and heading in the opposite direction where Harry knew the dungeons were. Suddenly, Harry felt Snape's hands clench his almost painfully and he was flicked from the memory with more force than he was previously. He was aware of feeling his consciousness be picked up and dragged away. Then – with the distinct feeling of missing a step on the stairs – he was deposited back into his own mind. He opened his eyes and met Snape's cold stare. His hands were released instantly as the man got up and went to pour himself a large glass of fire whiskey. "I didn't do that on purpose," Harry said, wanting desperately to defend himself even if Snape hadn't accused him of anything yet. Snape didn't respond. He just took a large gulp of his whiskey, not turning back around to face Harry. "I don't know what happened," Harry tried again, "I'm sorry." Snape sighed deeply but still said nothing. "Dad –" "Don't," Snape finally replied. There was no anger in his voice. Only a distinct feeling of sadness that made Harry clench his own jaw in empathic agony. "Your lesson is over," Snape said, "You are excused." "But –" "Please leave, Harry." There was still no anger but the command was clear and Harry knew he would not be allowed to push his luck much farther. Without saying another word, he walked out of the door, glancing one last time over his shoulder to note that the glass of whiskey was already empty. He closed the door slowly and soundlessly, leaving Snape alone with his thoughts. Upset with himself and desperate to find some sort of distraction, Harry went into the potions lab. Even if he was not allowed to start making his own creation, he could still work on improving existing ones. He could focus on making one he already knew but that would do little to distract him. He wanted to walk to the station he normally occupied when he noticed someone was already in the lab. And that someone was talking to Hedwig in a gentle voice, stroking her back. "Luna," Harry said in surprise. "Hi, Harry," Luna greeted. "Harry frowned. Luna was not at all someone interested in potions. He had never seen her in the lab before. In fact, when had she ever walked the dungeon corridors willingly? "You seem surprised," Luna commented, smiling kindly. "I just didn't think I would see you here," Harry uttered, "Not that I mind, of course. The lab is open to anyone so feel free." "Hedwig won't mind, will she?" Luna asked honestly, "I would feel terrible if I disturbed her." "I think she secretly likes potioneers," Harry chuckled, "I haven't been able to move her back to the astronomy tower since that heatwave ended." "That's only logical, isn't it?" Luna offered, "She's been able to be in your company far more than when she's in that tower. Why would she give that up?" "Do you think so?" Harry asked, "I thought she simply liked the calm down here." "She's a very smart owl," Luna said confidently, "And she knows her master needs her." Harry gazed into Luna's eyes for a moment before coughing awkwardly and setting up his cauldron. "So, what are you practising today?" "The Draught of Living Death," Luna replied, "I wasn't able to brew it properly in class so Professor Slughorn proposed I try again in here. If I manage a better result, he will improve my grade." "Sometimes I forget you're a Ravenclaw," Harry said fondly, "Of course you would do nothing but your best." "It's all anyone can do, really," Luna said dreamily, "Even you, Harry." "Er… Right," Harry said uncertainly, "Here, let me help you. Did you bring your book?" "I'm sure you didn't come here with the purpose to help me," Luna said, "You can go ahead and focus on yourself." "It's nothing really," Harry said, "I came here with the intention to distract myself. And helping you will do." "Distract yourself?" Luna asked airily as she started chopping up her ingredients, "From what?" "Just something that happened," Harry said quietly. Luna regarded him for a while, with that kind wide smile on her face before replying. "You know, the reason you are able to hurt each other is because your souls are connected." Harry looked at her sharply, unsure of what to say. Luna just went back to grinding her rutabaga into powder. "How do you know what's bothering me?" Harry asked after a while. He picked up a knife and cut Luna's parsley for her. "I don't really," Luna replied, "But judging by your murky aura, it has something to do with Professor Snape." Harry nodded. "I saw a memory I wasn't supposed to see." Luna didn't seem taken aback by that statement at all. Nor did she ask any questions as to how that would have occurred. Instead, she asked: "Did you do it on purpose?" "No," Harry said easily, "At least I don't think so. I wanted to – well, not necessarily that particular memory – but I didn't even know how." "A wish is a powerful thing," Luna replied. Hedwig had come to join them on the station and was peering carefully at Luna's ingredients. "It's just that he has all these memories of my mother," Harry explained, "And I have none. It was so nice to finally see her. To know what she was like. But –" "But you found out she was human too," Luna spoke kindly, "She was not perfect and she made mistakes. We all do, Harry." Harry swallowed thickly, wondering why he was telling Luna as much as he was. "I know," he said, "But Severus is still suffering from what happened. Even if I don't fully understand it, it doesn't seem right." "The heart was made to be broken," Luna replied. She started the fire under her cauldron and threw in the first of her ingredients. "And the best way to keep that from happening is by pretending you don't have a heart at all. I think that's why Professor Snape acts the way he does." "But don't you see," Harry sighed, "That means my mum broke him. There's no way I can ever hope to fix that." Luna chuckled innocently. "Broken glass sort of looks like glitter, doesn't it?" Harry couldn't help himself. He laughed. Luna smiled brightly when he did. "I have faith in the both of you, you know," Luna said, "Professor Snape has been able to help you dispel most of your sadness. I know you can do the same for him." "Why do you think I was ever sad?" Harry asked. Luna looked at him knowingly. "I see many things, Harry Potter. It's easy to keep an eye on others when you're invisible. I know you once knew this too." Harry couldn't speak past the lump in his throat that had suddenly formed for no good reason. Hedwig nipped his finger carefully and Harry smiled at her. "This is where the potion stops doing what I want," Luna said, completely, undisturbed. She was about to toss in her Valerian root when Harry stopped her. "Don't throw it in haphazardly," he said, "You need to distribute the root along the edges of the cauldron. It has a reaction with the pewter that you need for the potion to work correctly." "Is that so?" Luna asked, coyly tilting her head. She carefully added the powdered root per Harry's instructions, watching eagerly as the potion absorbed the ingredient. "Don't forget to stir," Harry told her, snapping her out of her dreamy daze. "Of course," Luna said as if she hadn't forgotten at all. She stirred ten times clockwise while Harry watched. "So how is your personal project coming along?" Luna asked. Harry sighed. "Severus is forcing me to learn Occlumency before I am allowed to try and brew it at all." "You'll manage," Luna said knowingly, "I think your purpose is a great one." "You do?" Harry asked, feeling uncharacteristically happy with the faith Luna seemed to have in him. "Even death has a heart," Luna said, "He will allow you your creation. I know it." Suddenly, Harry wondered how much Luna still struggled with the death of her mother and if she was secretly looking forward to this potion herself. "I'm sorry about your mother," Harry said out of the blue. But Luna smiled and shook her head. "Death ends a life, not a relationship," she said, "I miss her but I will always have her nearby." Harry didn't know why he suddenly felt the urge to do so, but he embraced Luna kindly, trying to comfort her. She did not hesitate to hug him back. And even though he had initially hugged her to make her feel better, he couldn't help but feel his own troubles dissipate somewhat as well. When she ended the embrace, Harry felt almost saddened by it but he smiled back at her unflinchingly. "I do believe this attempt is considerably better, don't you?" Luna asked sweetly. "Huh?" Harry asked. "The draught," Luna replied, gesturing towards the cauldron. "Oh," Harry said, "Yes. Of course." He looked in the cauldron and found no fault with the potion at all. "It looked like you nearly had it anyway," Harry added, "You really didn't need all that much help." "We all need help sometimes," Luna said importantly. She bottled one vial and vanished the rest of the potion. "I really admire you, do you know that?" Harry felt himself flush, not knowing what to say. Thankfully for him, Luna didn't seem to expect a reply. "Bye, Harry!" she said before skipping out of the lab. Hedwig hooted as she left and Harry stroked her absentmindedly wondering when he had grown so fond of that dreamy little Ravenclaw. A few days later, Harry found himself sitting at the breakfast table, staring wryly at his untouched breakfast rolls. He hadn't really spoken with Snape that much since their Legilimency lesson. There didn't seem to be any anger or resentment between them but they didn't speak nonetheless. When Harry chanced a glance at the high table, Snape was sitting there with Professor Bell having a very one-sided conversation with the man. "Even more muggles have disappeared," Hermione said worriedly. Harry turned his attention to her and frowned at the paper she was holding. "Again?" he asked, "That's three days in a row." "I know," Hermione said in frustration, "But this time, several muggles have died on the scene of the disappearance as well." "I'm sorry, Hermione," Ron said, drawing her in a one-armed embrace. "I know you're worried about your parents." Hermione accepted the embrace and nodded in Ron's chest. "I don't know what to do." "Maybe we can ask Dumbledore for help," Harry suggested, "Or if you want, we can owl the ministry and ask them to place some Aurors on the lookout near them?" "Why would they do that?" Hermione asked, "They're just dentists. There's nothing special about them." "We could at the least connect their fireplace to the floo network," Ron offered, "Have it connect to Hogwarts and explain how it works. Place some wards around their house and tell them to use the floo if it ever goes off." "Ron," Hermione said, pulling back to look at him completely baffled. "That's actually a very good idea. And Professor Dumbledore might even agree to it." "Of course he'll agree to it," Harry agreed, "He cares about his students and I know that he wouldn't want his top student's grades to go down because she's worried all the time." "What is Dumbledore even reading?" Ron suddenly asked when he noticed the strange paper the man was holding. Harry squinted but couldn't make it out. "The Sunday Times," Hermione said easily, "It's a muggle paper." "It's not even Sunday!" Ron said, "Are muggles always that late with their news?" "Of course not," Hermione sighed, "But you can't very well expect a muggle paper to get here on the day it's published, can you? It gets delivered to a squib Professor Dumbledore is in contact with and they owl it to him. It's bound to be a day late." "Okay," Ron said slowly, "But why is he reading a muggle paper?" "Is it because of the disappearances?" Harry asked. "I think so," Hermione said, "But to be honest, he didn't exactly tell me his intentions when he asked me what I thought was the more reputable muggle paper." Harry stared at Dumbledore contemplatively for a while when the man seemed to notice that he was being watched and looked up to see Harry looking at him. He smiled brightly and Harry smiled back sheepishly. Dumbledore held his gaze for a moment more before inclining his head toward Snape. Harry's gaze flickered to the man before he could help himself. Snape was busying himself with eating eggs and ham. Professor Bell was no longer talking to him but entertaining Hagrid with a funny anecdote of some kind if Hagrid's thunderous laugh was any indication. Harry met Dumbledore's gaze again and shrugged as he shook his head, a helpless expression on his face. But Dumbledore winked at him and nodded as if to tell him that everything would be alright. "Ready for defence?" Ron asked. "As ready as I'll ever be," Harry sighed, "Let's go."
Chapter 18 On the way to defence class, the golden trio was joined by Draco. "Hi Draco," Harry greeted, "How's life?" "Much better without a certain insanity-driven family member in it," Draco replied. Harry chuckled, "I can imagine. Ready to get the snot beaten out of you?" "Me?" Draco replied, "Please, I'm a god when it comes to defence. If anyone's in trouble, it's Weasley." "Hey!" Ron said, "I could've done the same thing you did in that forest. I just wasn't invited." "Neither was I," Draco replied easily, grinning crookedly, "I simply didn't take no for an answer." "Boys, boys," Hermione interjected, "You're both pretty. Now can we move along before we run late?" "Hey, that's odd," Harry suddenly said, stopping at a sign they came across. "This wasn't here before." The sign read 'The Potions Laboratory'. Draco laughed out loud when he saw it. "Well that's entirely wrong," he chuckled. "Some poor first years are going to get lost," Hermione said in exasperation. She took out her wand and waved it at the sign but nothing happened to it. She blinked in confusion and tried again but to no avail. "It won't change." "Leave it," Draco said, "Even the first years have been here for a few months already. If they don't know their way yet, it's their own fault." "Don't be so heartless," Hermione huffed but she put away her wand anyway. "Now come on or Professor Snape will probably give us all detention." Harry laughed, "We can always tell him the sign confused us." The foursome sprinted – since they were really running late now – towards the classroom and made it just in time. Snape was already sitting there, eyeing them amusedly when they barged inside. Everyone else was already present. "How kind of you to grace us with your presence," Snape said evenly, "Perhaps you should refrain from taking a second helping next time, Mr Weasley." Ron flushed and Draco snorted. Anticipating a lecture of some sort, they stood waiting until Snape waved them off with his hand. "Take your seats before I decide to take points." They all did, somewhere near the back of the class. "We have spent a large part of last year as well as these first few months on individual prowess and improvement," Snape drawled, "And yet, you will find yourself in numerous situations where you are expected to work together. Some of you wish to pursue the career of an Auror. If so, you will be assigned a partner and expected to work together for the length of your careers. The same goes for many other tangents in the path of this line of work. "You need to be able to protect each other as well as count on your partner, wherever they came from." He eyed his students carefully. "Even a Slytherin has to be able to work with a Gryffindor. Try not to lose yourself in each other's weaknesses but build on each other's strengths." Snape grinned. "I'm sure you all know where I'm going with this. You will be pairing up with someone from another house. Choose wisely because you will be training alongside each other for a considerable amount of time. You're allowed ten minutes for your selection. No more. Begin!" "I choose Draco!" Ron and Harry said in unison. "Hey!" Hermione pouted, "That's not fair. Why can't I duel with Draco for a change?" "Wouldn't you feel more comfortable with another girl, though?" Ron said. Hermione huffed, "Not necessarily. I just want to get good grades." "While I am flattered to be so desirable," Draco interjected, "I think I choose Harry." "Out of the question," Snape suddenly said. Harry whirled around to see the man looming over them. "What?" He objected, "Why not?" "The teams will be facing off against one another as you've no doubt gathered," Snape said easily, "I hardly think it fair to allow the two of you to team up against any other pair. I would rather not have any casualties in my class." "We wouldn't kill anyone," Draco snorted, "We can control ourselves." "Even so," Snape said, "You wouldn't learn a thing from drawing on each other's strengths. You know each other very well already, having been in battle together." Harry groaned and Snape rolled his eyes in response. "Don't be childish. Just find someone else. I am sure you will have a myriad of partners to choose from." Harry smiled when he realized that Snape was acting like his normal self. Maybe he shouldn't have worried as much as he had about the man. "Alright, Professor," he finally replied. "Sorry, Draco." But the blonde waved him off and turned towards Ron and Hermione. "Alright, which one of you wants to be in my magnificent presence for the next couple of months?" Harry allowed his eyes to roam the others who seemed to be wandering aimlessly through the classroom when he was addressed by someone. "Would you like to pair up with me?" Harry recognised the boy as Michael Corner. He had been one of the original members of the D.A. and Harry knew that he was actually very capable. He had straight black hair and brown eyes that looked at Harry expectantly. Harry knew Ron didn't like him very much but thought that had more to do with him dating his sister way back when than anything else. "Michael, was it?" Harry replied, "Fine by me if you think you can keep up with me." Michael flashed Harry a crooked smile, an eager glint in his eyes. "I might surprise you still," he said smoothly, extending his hand. Harry shook it, sealing their new partnership. "Time's up," Snape announced and the classroom fell silent. "Has everyone paired up? Good. The first thing we will be practising is blocking for each other. Find another team and wait for further instructions. Ron rushed over to Harry, frowning slightly when he saw Michael. He was flanked by Blaise Zabini who – for now – followed easily. "Want to face off against us?" Ron asked. "If you think you can handle us," Harry teased. Zabini huffed. "I'm sure that being dragged down by dead weight like that –" he inclined his head towards Michael "- will have you at a disadvantage." "Oh?" Harry replied, "If I recall correctly, Michael made it into the advanced defence lessons last year. And where were you again Zabini? Oh right, you were almost not even good enough to stay." "That's quite enough," Snape sneered but it wasn't directed at Harry's group per se. Bickering had broken out nearly everywhere but stopped as soon as Snape had raised his voice. "For now, you will all be blocking stunning curses," he said, "This is not your first year and I expect you all to know what you're doing at least. You will do this all nonverbally. Points will be deducted for each word you say. You will not be taking turns either. Treat this exercise as a real battle. If you get stunned, you are out. If your partner gets stunned, you are out. When you are victorious, you await the next party to be at the ready and start over. Begin." Immediately, Harry and Michael backed away from Ron and Zabini. For a moment, no spells were thrown, all four of them waiting for the others to begin. Eventually, it was Zabini who fired the first stunning spell. Harry flicked his wand and thought of his own version of the shield charm. Immediately, a pair of shields formed in front of him and Michael. Harry looked at Michael briefly, grinning as he did. The Ravenclaw seemed to understand his intent and smirked. He fired off a stunning hex at Zabini but it was blocked. Ron tried to reciprocate with his own spell but the shields were firmly held in place by Harry and Michael cast his own spell at Ron who was unable to defend as he had already fired off his attack. Zabini should've been able to block for him but either didn't or couldn't. Ron was taken out of the battle but Zabini didn't seem to care. He kept throwing his curses at the pair in front of him. Harry shook his head at the ridiculous Slytherin. He noticed that Zabini was now focusing all of his attacks on Harry as if he would be able to break through his shield. Harry looked at Michael again and nodded, hoping that the Ravenclaw would get his intent. When he noticed a second shield charm form in front of him, he knew that he had. He dropped his own shields and waited until Zabini fired another spell. At exactly the same moment, Harry cast his own stunning hex, effectively hitting Zabini square in the chest. The Slytherin actually flew backwards for a few feet before landing in a crumpled heap. "Wicked," Michael said, high fiving Harry for their victory. Harry grinned and went to wake up Ron. The redhead groaned as he got up from the floor. "We never stood a chance," he whined. "Next time," Michael said, "Once you learn to work together, you'll manage." Ron snorted but didn't respond. He walked over to the side-lines, not even bothering with waking up his teammate and sat down. It was only to be expected that Harry and Michael won from every team they went up against. And if Harry was honest, that was not even entirely because of him. Did his own experience help him? Well, of course! But Michael was not bad himself. He seemed to have a clear understanding of how a battle worked and was able to move with the finesse of a Quidditch player. They had steered clear of Draco and Hermione, knowing full well that they would probably be the team to beat and when the lesson had nearly come to its conclusion it was indeed them they were faced off against. Everyone else was watching them. Snape was leaning against the wall, his arms crossed and a smirk on his face. "A very expected turn of things," he drawled, "Why don't you show your fellow classmates what it takes to be on a team. Use whatever spells you deem necessary except for ones that may kill or maim permanently. Is that understood?" Harry locked gazes with Michael once more and was satisfied to see that the boy was absolutely ready for it. He seemed eager to show what he was capable off with a burning passion. This was probably one of the students that aspired to become an Auror. "Begin," Snape said. Both teams backed up, leaving a large amount of space between them. They stared each other down but none of them was making the first move. Harry tightened his grip on his wand as he shifted his weight to his back leg, regarding his adversaries carefully. The classroom was completely silent as the onlookers waited with bated breath. Snape still acted aloof and relaxed but Harry knew that he too as waiting intently. Then, Harry and Draco both stepped forward at the same time, firing off their spells. A blue beam met a red one in mid-air and an explosion followed. Harry ducked to the right – away from Michael – and tried to make use of the smoke that had formed to bypass Draco. Trying to sneak past a Slytherin was a mistake though and he soon saw the tell-tale red streak of a hex rushing his way. He raised his wand to attempt a defensive shield when the spell already broke off against one a few feet in front of him. 'Thanks Michael', he thought and rushed towards the middle of the 'battlefield'. The smoke was gone now and Harry met up with Michael in the middle. They turned so they stood with their backs towards one another. Hermione and Draco were both on opposite ends of the room. They both fired a hex at the same time but Harry recognised them for the elemental attacks they were and knew that a simper 'Protego' would not work. Michael hadn't noticed and his useless shield was already up. In a split second, Harry decided to shield Michael from Draco's attack that would be decidedly worse than Hermione's. "Stantibus Clypeum," he shouted as he grabbed Michael's arm. He was not able to cast this one nonverbally yet but he heard no groans of protest from the Gryffindors. Michael's skin turned into an earthy brown as it seemed to harden and sheen. Meanwhile, Harry tried to duck out of the way of Hermione's blast and barely managed. His arm was grazed by the spell and stung painfully but he ignored it for now as he charged at Hermione. If the other team had wanted to split up, that was on them. Hermione took a step back and fired off some new curses and hexes that Harry simply dodged and blocked. He heard the sounds of a second battle behind him but focused on the witch in front of him. With another flick of his wand, he managed to disarm Hermione. He caught her wand as it flew in his hand and smiled at her victoriously, his wand now trained on her neck. "Well," Snape suddenly drawled, "It would appear we have a draw." Harry blinked and turned around to see Michael on the floor, completely incapacitated by a stunning hex. Draco was looking at him rather smugly. "It would appear that you all still have a lot to learn about working together," Snape continued, "Nonetheless, it was very well done." "Potter cast one of his spells verbally though," Zabini sneered. "Did he?" Snape sneered, "I must not have heard that over the obvious jealousy that came exuding from you. Come complain to me once you're able to cast that particular spell nonverbally. Or at all, now that I think of it." Zabini flushed but kept his mouth shut after that. "Class dismissed," Snape said and walked over to his desk, straightening out some papers as he stared at them dumbfoundedly. "Is something wrong?" Harry asked as he approached the Professor. "No," Snape said, now moving his inkwell a few inches to the right, "Just the feeling that – never mind." He shook his head and placed the papers on the edge of his desk. "Something I can help you with, Harry?" "I was wondering if you still wanted to continue those Occlumency lessons," Harry said bravely. "Naturally," Snape replied, "It would be a shame to quit now. You've come so close after all." "Do you mean it?" Harry asked, "I just thought… well," Snape sighed. "It wasn't your fault," he said, "And you may not have realized but I am an Occlumens. I am capable of controlling and reigning in my emotions. Which is exactly what you need to learn." "Right," Harry said, somewhat relieved. "For what it's worth, I think I get it now." Snape quirked a sardonic eyebrow. "Do you?" Harry nodded, "Absolutely." "We'll see," Snape said, "But for now, you'd best run along." "Oh shoot," Harry said when he noticed everyone else was gone. "You're right. See you later!" As Harry and his friends manoeuvred through the corridors that day, they noticed a lot more of those signs along the way. Most of them pointed in the entirely wrong direction for what they were depicting but a small amount of them was correct. It wasn't until Harry sat in the History of Magic class, waiting for Professor Bell to arrive that he realized what must be happening. She didn't show up for fifteen minutes and Harry suspected that the signage had thrown her off completely. "Maybe we should look for her," Draco offered willingly. Hermione rolled her eyes at him. "Eager, aren't you?" she pointed out. "I bet she's somewhere near the transfiguration classroom," Harry offered, "There was a sign reading 'History of Magic,' pointed in that direction anyway. "I can't believe she still doesn't know her way around here," Ron chuckled. "Come on, I'll go with you," Harry told Draco, "These History lessons are too good to miss." "Try not to get attacked by death eaters on the way there," Ron jibed good-naturedly. "We'll do our very best," Draco replied dutifully before exiting the classroom with Harry on his heels. "So, do you think Snape is behind this?" he asked. "Almost definitely," Harry chuckled. "But to be honest, she kind of had it coming." "I'll say," Draco said happily, "I'm still looking for a charm to make that card permanent. It's one of my most prized possessions." "Don't let Snape catch you doing that," Harry warned, "Or he really might lock you up in the dungeons." "He would never punish his darling godson," Draco said assuredly, "I am simply too endearing." Harry cuffed Draco playfully. "You're a prat." "And where are you two headed?" asked a familiar voice. Harry and Draco stopped in their tracks to meet a surprised looking McGonagall. "Hi Professor," Harry greeted sheepishly. "Don't hi me, Potter," McGonagall said, "Why aren't you in class?" "Professor Bell is missing," Harry explained, "We're expecting her to be somewhere around here. Have you seen her?" McGonagall pinched the bridge of her nose as if she was fighting a headache. She mumbled something under her breath but Harry didn't quite catch it. "Point me Maya Bell," she said and started walking with Draco and Harry on her tail. She stopped in front of her own classroom – there was no transfiguration lesson planned this hour – and opened the door. Maya was sitting behind her desk. "Oh, Minerva!" she greeted, "Good to see you." "What are you doing here, Maya?" McGonagall asked, not quite able to hide her exasperation. Professor Bell flushed a bit. "I'm afraid I'm terribly lost," she admitted, "But the new signs pointed me in the direction of this classroom so I thought some changes had been made. But the students aren't coming." "I don't know who put those signs there," McGonagall said sternly, "But they are most decidedly wrong. And you are in the wrong classroom." Professor Bell sucked in the air between her teeth. "Yes, I thought as much." "Harry, Draco," McGonagall said, "Kindly escort Professor Bell to her own classroom if you will." "Of course, Professor," Harry said easily. "Your escort awaits," Draco said haughtily, offering his arm. Maya chuckled and took it as the three of them strolled out of the transfiguration classroom, McGonagall shaking her head in their wake. "I must admit that Severus really got me good with this one," Bell said cheerfully. "You think it was Snape?" Draco asked. "I might not have a sense of direction but I do have a brain, you know?" Bell said, "What other purpose could there possibly be?" "We thought so too," Harry admitted. "When do you think he'll have mercy on me?" Bell asked. "Mercy?" Harry chuckled, "Severus shows no mercy, Professor." Bell snorted. "Ah well, at least I'll get plenty of exercise roaming these hallways." After the severely shortened History lesson where every student had been given a character to play a role in the diplomacy feast of 1845, Harry lost track of Professor Bell again since they had Potions class next. Ron had had a free period which he undoubtedly spent playing Quidditch. All four of them met up in the great hall for dinner where a sufficiently smug-looking Snape sat, glancing at McGonagall in defiance. "Fred and George would be proud," Ron snorted, "Who knew Snape had it in him to be a prankster." "I did," Draco said easily. "Sure," Ron replied sardonically, "April fool's day must be a real hoot in the Slytherin common room. Tell me, does he replace your shampoo with befuddlement potions?" Draco rolled his eyes. "He's normally not like this at Hogwarts," he explained, "I meant at home. He's my godfather after all." "Is he seriously not going to help Professor Bell out?" Hermione asked, "At this rate, she might end up starving. She didn't make it here for breakfast or lunch either." Harry met Snape's gaze who smirked at him and Harry narrowed his eyes, inclining his head towards the great hall entrance. Snape simply shrugged and took a bite from his food. 'Come on, be a gentleman,' Harry wrote on his cuff. 'Chivalry is a Gryffindor trait,' came the reply. 'Don't make me lace your food with your own limerick potion,' Harry threatened. Snape stared at him coldly for a while before replying. 'Even you are smart enough to realize you can't get to me through potions.' 'Not yet, perhaps,' Harry replied simply. Snape sighed theatrically and got up from his seat. He walked past Gryffindor table, cuffing Harry lightly on the head as he went. Harry laughed and watched him go. "I envy your powers of persuasion," Draco said in awe. "If you can get Snape to do something, you can influence everyone." "You're a Malfoy," Harry pointed out, "I'm sure you're fine." Snape followed his own signage that led to the astronomy tower even though it read 'Great Hall'. He climbed the stairs to find Maya at the end of them, looking through the large telescope that was used for astronomy classes. "Did you not realize that there are no winding staircases that lead to the Great hall?" Snape asked. Maya didn't even jump when he made his presence known. "Hi Severus," she said, still staring through the telescope, "Took you long enough." "Yes, well, you have my son to thank for my coming here at all," Snape replied evenly. This time, Maya looked away and met Snape's bored glance with a smile. "Tell him I said thanks," she said, "Because I'm simply starving." "Come on then," Snape said, descending the stairs again. "I love astronomy, you know," Maya suddenly said. Snape didn't reply. "Of course I'll tell you why that is," Maya replied to the unspoken question. "You see, by reading the stars you can find your way around, even if your sense of direction is as horrible as mine." Snape smirked. "I hope you learned your lesson." "And what would that be?" Maya asked sweetly. "Don't try and prank the master of cunning," Snape replied evenly. Maya laughed loudly. "Alright," she said, "I'll at least admit that I've met my match. But I'm not giving up yet!" They walked past a sign that incorrectly pointed to the Defence classroom and Snape waved his wand, changing it to correctly point towards the Great Hall. "I didn't expect you to," Snape said smiling slightly. "Just don't be surprised when you suddenly end up de-aged and transferred to Beauxbatons. "You would never!" Maya exclaimed, grabbing hold of Snape's elbow with both her hands entwined around it. "You would miss me way too much." Snape snorted but allowed the close proximity of the History teacher. "You overestimate your value," he said. "Well, your son would miss me," Maya pointed out, "And I know your godson would as well. So face it, you're stuck with me." "As you say," Snape sighed in resignation as they arrived at the entrance of the great hall. "Now unhand me woman, or I'll never hear the end of it." Maya laughed and released him, skipping ahead of him to run into the great hall, the dark master following behind her. He looked up just in time to see that self-satisfied smirk on Harry's face. "Brat," he mouthed. Harry just laughed.
Chapter 19 Harry found himself on the way to Snape's private quarters once more, passing the sign that spelt out 'Potions classroom' on the way there. Since the signs were all still there but were now all displaying the proper information, Harry couldn't help but wonder if this outcome of Snape's 'prank' had been his true purpose here. He had noticed that Professor Bell was always on time nowadays and could get around much more easily. This would be their first lesson since that one experience with Legilimency Harry had had before. While Snape had acted completely normal since then, Harry felt a sense of trepidation when he thought of facing Snape in this particular context. He easily found his Gryffindor courage and entered Snape's chambers, finding the man sitting behind his desk with his feet propped up as he read a thick book. "Good evening, Harry," Snape greeted casually. He placed a bookmark between the pages and closed the book, putting it back in its rightful place on the shelf. "Good evening," Harry replied easily. He felt the urge to add 'dad' at the end but still didn't feel entirely comfortable with it. He mentally kicked himself. How many more times would the man need to save his life and/ or almost die before he could finally call him his dad without flushing every time he did it? But he catalogued that thought away for another time and focused on the present. "You didn't move the furniture out of the way," Harry noted. "I don't see the point anymore," Snape replied easily, "At the rate, we're going, you're hardly trashing about nor is either one of us knocked to the ground anymore as you practice. We'll be a lot more comfortable seated in a chair, wouldn't you say?" "Sure," Harry replied, "But don't blame me if I do end up breaking your favourite bookcase or something." Snape took out the familiar potion and swished it a bit in front of Harry's face but drew back a bit when Harry made an attempt to grab it. The boy frowned but waited, reading in Snape's expression that something had changed. "This is the undiluted version of the potion," Snape said importantly. "Already?" Harry asked, slightly taken aback. "I feel that the diluted version doesn't exactly present you with a challenge anymore," Snape explained, "Especially since you seemed adamant that you understood the intent behind the shielding process." Harry gave Snape a half-smile. "You're not doing this to get back at me, are you?" Snape frowned. "Of course not. I would never do such a thing." Harry took a deep breath before taking the potion out of Snape's hands. "Okay," he said resolutely, "Let's do this." "You know the drill," Snape said, "Start by clearing your mind." It took only a moment for Harry to do so and soon he drank the potion without any more hesitancy. Snape looked at him expectantly, ready to jump in if needed while Harry did his best to focus on occluding his mind. The first thing he noticed was the sudden unbearable pain in his stomach. An unintended side-effect from the potion. The diluted version had caused some discomfort in the past but it had been nothing quite like this. Harry gasped for air as the stabbing pain distracted him. "I know it hurts," Snape told Harry. There was clear concern in his voice and Harry noticed that the man reached out with his hand but Harry held up his own to stop him. "I'll be fine," he forced out, "Just give me a moment." So far, he had been able to keep his Occlumency shields up but the memory of his darkest day started seeping through. There were shards of hopelessness that seemed to penetrate his mind, sowing the seeds of despair as they touched down. Harry gritted his teeth at the growing sense of discomfort and hopelessness. He noticed that Snape hadn't done anything yet and he pierced the man with an accusatory glare. "What are you waiting for?" he snarled, "Do it!" The sooner they could get this test started, the sooner they could get this over with. Snape seemed to doubt for a moment but eventually, he raised his wand and aimed it at Harry. Harry wasn't even sure if Snape had spoken the word. He was more aware of that subtle tingle of Legilimency touching on his shields than any other impulse around him. The pain made him lash out with his own mind but Snape seemed to be expecting it and slipped past. Harry hissed when another stabbing pain coursed through his stomach. It was enough to break his concentration and allow the memory to envelop him full force. And suddenly, he was that young boy again, climbing the stairs of that old apartment building. There was nothing he wanted more than to die and today he would fulfil that goal. "Harry," A voice called out to him, "Remember. That's not you anymore." Harry stopped climbing those stairs, looking around him. That's right. He was 'Harry' to someone. He was not 'freak' and he was not 'boy'. Harry took a few more steps. Something was still pulling him upwards. "I don't want this," he said, "I don't want any of this." "Block it, Harry," the voice urged him, "I know you can do it. You've done it before. I have faith in you." Everything hurt. Harry was in so much pain. What had caused that again? Vernon hadn't touched his stomach in over a week. A shard of a memory penetrated his mind. That's right. He had drunk that potion. That had caused the pain. He was practising Occlumency with Snape. With his father. He had a father now. Harry shook his head, dislodging his consciousness from the memory and freed himself somewhat from the potion's effects. "There you go," Snape said gently. Harry distanced himself from the feelings of hopelessness and grief as he watched that familiar mist swirl all around him. He remembered what he had felt Snape do when he had been in his memory and tried his best to copy his actions. He willed the mist to solidify and bend as he wished. Time seemed to stop altogether in the memory as the colour faded. And then, Snape's presence was gone entirely. While that had been his goal, Harry suddenly felt very lost. He missed the invading presence and almost willed it to come back. But he reminded himself of his goal and steeled his resolve. He closed off the memory and banished it to the back of his mind. He imagined himself sitting in that sterile white room Snape had drawn him into a couple of times and suddenly he was there. Alone this time. He sighed in relief nonetheless. In this place, there were no unresolved emotions. In here no one was dying; there were no abusive Dursleys or evil Dark Lords. Even the physical pain he knew he was still experiencing couldn't reach him here. Somewhere outside, he was vaguely aware of someone trying to break through his shields once more but he found himself not caring anymore. He imagined himself a crimson couch with large, fluffy pillows and lay down in it, waiting calmly for the potion to wear off. Snape was decidedly pleased when Harry had been able to push him out of his mind. Even if he had tried to hold on tight, he wouldn't have been able to stay in the boy's head and so he found himself back in the chair behind his desk, looking at Harry. The boy's eyes seemed to look right through him as if he were in a deep meditative state. Even the pain he should be experiencing didn't deter the boy in the slightest. "Alright," Snape said, "Let's see if you can keep me out this time." There was no reaction from Harry. A good sign. Snape cast the spell and tried to invade. But where the shields stood on a shaky foundation before, they were now embedded into the walls of what seemed to be a fortress. Its gate was shut and impenetrable. Snape poked and prodded, trying to find a weakness somewhere. But eventually, he had to concede that there was no way for him to get in there again. He stopped trying and regarded Harry carefully. He had withdrawn into himself. Normally, this would be quite excessive for simply keeping an invading presence out but while the potion was still in his system, this was probably the boy's best defence. Snape just hoped that Harry would be able to detect when it was time to allow himself his normal presence of mind again. For now, he grabbed the book he had been reading before and flipped it open again, refocusing his attention on the deciphering of ancient codes. Harry had imagined himself a clock but it didn't do him any good. Its hands were spinning rapidly and chaotically. Sometimes they moved forward and other times they went back. They stopped randomly but conveyed no coherent message so Harry just removed it again with a wave of his hand. The books he had conjured for himself were empty. He was only able to fill the pages with information he already knew which was logical but also useless. How much time had passed by now? Harry knew that it took an hour before the potion would wear off but it was impossible for him to tell time in here. He knew Snape had told him that time seemed to move differently in one's mind and wondered how he would know when to pull back out. The last time, Snape had somehow been aware of exactly when the potion had worn off. A couple of times already, he had felt the push of a Legilimens, trying to make his way in, but Harry had diligently disallowed all access as was expected of him. No doubt, Snape was testing him. It was only after he felt someone unfamiliar try to make their way in that he gathered something might be wrong. Until then, he hadn't even realized that different people might feel dissimilar when trying to make their way in. It was a startling discovery. Who was doing this? He felt the push again and decided that it was probably time anyway. He withdrew from his chamber of serenity and allowed his mind to get back in touch with his emotions and memories. He blinked a few times and refocused his attention only to find both Snape and Dumbledore sitting in front of him. "Harry!" Snape exclaimed. The happiness that oozed from his voice confused Harry profoundly. Dumbledore seemed equally relieved. "Oops," Harry uttered, "Did I lose track of time?" Dumbledore chuckled. "I should say so," he said, "You were gone for nearly five hours." "You're kidding!" Harry said, jumping up. It was only then that he noticed that his legs were asleep so he came crashing back down in his chair. "I wasn't even sure if an hour had passed or not," Harry added. Snape groaned. "I didn't think you would close yourself off," he said, "Otherwise I would have agreed on a signal with you." "I'm sorry," Harry said, "I really didn't mean to worry you." "What made you decide to come out again?" Dumbledore asked kindly. "When you tried to break my shields, I knew it wasn't' dad's presence," Harry said honestly. He didn't notice the twinkling in Dumbledore's eyes increase in ferocity. "I didn't recognise you so I thought something was wrong." "Foolish child," Snape said but Harry recognised the fondness in his voice. "I'm sorry," he said again, "I honestly didn't realize." "Well, it would appear that you've made some fantastic progress today, my boy," Dumbledore praised proudly, "It would appear to me that you're nearly there." Snape sighed. "I can't use that potion again though." "Why not?" Harry asked, "In the end, it wasn't so bad." Snape chuckled. "No, because you withdrew into yourself. In any case, the toxicity in the undiluted version hasn't left your body yet and won't for a while. Giving you another dose might cause you permanent damage." "I daresay you won't need it anymore anyway," Dumbledore said. He put a comforting hand on Snape's shoulder and smiled at him. "I suggest you and Harry eat something. You must both be positively famished." "I'm just very thirsty," Harry suddenly noted. "Another side effect of the potion," Snape said evenly, already pouring Harry a glass of water. He handed it to his son and turned his attention to Dumbledore. "Thank you for the assistance, Albus. I'll make sure to educate Harry on the use of exclusion." "I know you will, Severus," Dumbledore said knowingly, "Should you need me, you know where to find me. Good night to you both." "Good night," Snape replied but Harry was still gulping down the glass of water and soon Dumbledore had disappeared through the floo. Snape summoned a house-elf and ordered dinner for both of them before directing his attention to Harry. "You gave me quite the scare, you know," he said. "It was only for a few hours," Harry replied, "I'm fine." Snape groaned. "I know you're fine, Harry. I just wasn't sure if you knew how to restore the connection to your mind by yourself and I couldn't get in to show you." "I hope you're not saying I'm too good at Occlumency now," Harry sighed. Food appeared on Snape's desk and Harry felt his mouth water. He hadn't even noticed that he had become hungry. Snape rolled his eyes. "Of course not," he said, "You simply need more information. You clearly didn't tether yourself to your mind when you disconnected yourself." "What?" Harry asked, holding his hand in front of his mouth to keep Snape from seeing the chewed up food inside. "Charming," Snape sneered. He cut into his own food and waited a bit. "A tether," he finally said, "binds you to your mind when you retreat as you did. You can use it to check on the mind you're occupying which is usually your own." "Oh," Harry replied, "And how do I create that tether?" "You form it the same way you formed those shields, "Snape said easily, "Once you know it's supposed to be there, it's easy to create." "Can I practice it?" Harry asked. "Perhaps next time," Snape replied, "It's getting to be very late and I'm exhausted." Harry grinned. "Can't imagine why." Snape shot him a devastating glare but Harry smiled cheekily. "I will admit that you made tremendous progress tonight though," Snape said coldly, dabbing his mouth with a napkin. "Does that mean what I think it means?" Harry said hopefully. "Soon," Snape said, "Very soon." Harry sighed contently, tearing off another piece of bread. "That's great," he said, "I can't wa-" he stifled a yawn, "- wait." "Finish your food, Harry," Snape said softly, "You need to go to sleep soon. It's still a school night." Harry chuckled. "Yes," he said tiredly, "Sleep does sound good. Can I stay here tonight?" Snape rolled his eyes but didn't argue. "Alright," he said, "Just don't make a habit out of it. Your friends would have my hide if you do." Harry nodded, unsuccessfully trying to pierce a pea with his fork. He felt himself nodding off already and was barely able to stop himself from falling asleep into his plate. Snape sighed as he watched the unbecoming display. "Go to bed, Harry," he said, "You can eat more at breakfast tomorrow." If the Potions Master was entirely honest with himself, he too felt about ready to collapse. He vanished the plates of food that had barely been touched. "Okay," Harry murmured, "I'll sleep right here." He put his head on his arms, falling asleep right then and there on the desk. Snape regarded his exhausted child wistfully and brushed his fringe out of his face, his touch soft and caring. "You'll be the death of me, child," he whispered fondly before tiredly running a hand through his own hair. Steeling himself, he got to his feet and lifted Harry out of the chair by means of a hover charm. With his wand out, he floated Harry over to his bed, drawing back the blankets before lowering Harry onto the mattress. With another wave of his wand, he transfigured Harry's clothes into nightwear. Snape pulled the blankets up to Harry's chin and watched as he snuggled into his pillow. When asleep, the boy still looked so much younger than he actually was. Snape felt a pang of sorrow knowing how many years in the boy's life he had squandered by being distant and cruel. And so many more years were wasted that he didn't even know the child. If only Lily could have loved him back. In a different world – a better world – Harry could have been his from the start. With a silent sigh, Snape turned off the light; cast one last glance Harry's way and closed the door ever so softly, leaving the boy to his dreams. Harry awoke the next morning to the smell of breakfast and wondered for a moment if Ron had snuck food into the tower for him. He suddenly started as he remembered where he was, sitting upright in his bed. He glanced around and shook his head at himself when he realized he was in Snape's chambers again. He didn't even remember getting to bed. He glanced down and saw that he was wearing black nightwear that was most certainly not his style. Yup. Snape had definitely tucked him in. And yet, he wasn't as mortified by that as he once had been. He stretched his arms, groaning as he did and got out of bed and out of the room. He found Snape reading the paper while he was drinking a cup of coffee. A small assortment of breakfast foods littered the table but Snape wasn't eating yet. "We simply have to stop meeting like this," Harry joked. Snape peered from behind his paper and gave Harry an appraising look. When he seemed satisfied he smirked and gestured towards the chair next to him. "Since you made yourself at home already, why don't you help yourself to some food as well," he said. "You didn't have to let me stay here, you know," Harry said cheerfully as he cut open a roll. "What could I do when you practically begged me to?" Snape said evenly, "And then you fell asleep on my desk. You were practically purring like a kitten." "I was not," Harry objected though not as vehemently as he once would have. "You just didn't want me to leave. In fact, you would probably move me here permanently if you could find a good excuse." Snape snorted. "And have a messy Gryffindor disturb my peaceful mornings?" he asked sardonically, "Where do I sign up?" "You call me messy?" Harry asked, "You can't even keep your bookshelves in order." "What?" Snape asked, raising a questioning eyebrow. Harry peered at the misbehaving bookshelf. "Honestly, putting 'Moste Potente Potions' in the middle of those Herbology books seems off, doesn't it?" Snape followed Harry's gaze and muttered in annoyance under his breath as he got up to fix the discrepancy. Harry smiled knowingly, stealing the newspaper to see if anything of import happened. There were more muggle killings and disappearances happening. Nothing near Hermione's family just yet though. "Who do you think is doing this?" Harry asked when Snape took his seat again. "I have my suspicions," Snape said, "But I will not be sharing those with you." "Why not?" Harry whined childishly. Snape frowned at him. "Would you like some cheese to go with that whine?" Harry sneered and took a bite out of his sandwich. "Keeping secrets from me never works, you know," he said cleverly, "I always find out one way or another. And without the proper context, I might do something you might consider to be dangerous." "You are incorrigible sometimes, do you know that?" Snape asked in mock anger, "How many Death Eaters do you need to defeat before you're satisfied?" "All but one," Harry replied easily, winking at Snape cheekily. "If you're not careful, I'll recruit Ms Granger to keep an eye on you," Snape said, "Tell her to let me know whenever you put a toe out of line." Harry snorted. "Like she would listen." "Perhaps not entirely," Snape replied casually, "But I have my ways." "Are you implying you would Legilimise her?" Harry asked easily, "Because I don't believe it for one second." "When did I stop instilling fear in you?" Snape growled. "I think Alex had a lot to do with that," Harry smiled fondly. "Meddling muggle," Snape muttered, "Now finish your breakfast. Classes are almost starting." Harry responded by rapidly stuffing himself with the scrambled eggs he had piled onto his plate. Snape rolled his eyes and went back to reading his newspaper, scanning the page that reported an increase in muggles admitted to St. Mungo's. It would seem that even with the Dark Lord gone, dark activity was still happening all around them. With a sigh, he finished his breakfast.
Chapter 20 Since Harry was basically told that he would be able to get started on his potion soon, he became increasingly anxious to go to his next Occlumency lesson. He was nearly there and he honestly couldn't wait. And yet, it wasn't until the next weekend that Harry received a note from Snape. He was brewing some blood replenishing potion for the infirmary while Hedwig snoozed on his shoulder when the glow of Harry's cuff startled him somewhat. He finished his stirring pattern and looked at the message. "Come to my quarters." Harry frowned. It was very short and to the point, even for Snape. He looked at his potion and sighed. It was probably for the best that he didn't keep the man waiting. He put a stasis spell on the cauldron and brought Hedwig back over to her perch. "Will you keep an eye out for me, girl?" he said, "No one is to touch the potion, alright?" Hedwig hooted softly in response and Harry stroked her feathers a couple of times before leaving. If he was lucky, this would be about Occlumency. It was a good thing that he was already in the dungeons. He took a couple of right turns and one left before finding himself in front of that familiar door again. He opened it and walked inside, finding Snape sitting in the middle of the room. The furniture was swept to the sides again which gave Harry pause. Why would Snape think that necessary again? "Severus?" Harry said, disturbing the man's train of thought. He looked up and fixed Harry with a rather grim stare. Harry frowned but automatically stepped forward to sit in front of the man. "What's going on?" he asked. Snape regarded him for a short while before replying. "You are very close to mastering Occlumency," Snape said evenly. His voice was devoid of all emotion and gave Harry the shudders. When was the last time he had talked to Harry that way? "I've been thinking about what I would need to do to get you to cross that line. To give you that final nudge." Harry swallowed nervously but nodded. "As I've explained before, using the 'Drink of Despair' is out of the question and will be for a very long time," Snape continued stoically, "Which doesn't leave me with a whole lot of options." Harry wanted to reply with a joke or a sardonic comment to lighten the mood but he didn't dare to. He knew that right now, Snape would not appreciate those kinds of efforts. So once more, he simply nodded. "In fact, I only have one option left," Snape said, a sense of finality in his voice, "I need to attack your mind." Harry blinked. "As in, really attack me?" Harry asked, "With the intention to do damage?" "Exactly so," Snape replied. "You are a student that learns exceptionally well when under stress. Your abilities develop as you need them. Not only that, but we've reached a stage in your training that cannot be overcome without experience." "But why you?" Harry asked, not looking forward to being attacked by his father. "Why can't Dumbledore do it?" "Professor Dumbledore – while a powerful and accomplished Occlumens – has not ever used his skills of the mind to attack someone," Snape explained, "He is fully capable of sneaking into someone's mind to look for thoughts and memories without the victim ever realizing he was there. But he could never be as forceful as you would need him to be." Harry frowned as he averted his gaze to look at his hands. There were potion stains on them. "Harry," Snape said, his voice somewhat softer. "I will remind you one last time that you don't need to do this. You can always decide to change your research though I must admit that it would be very useful for you to master Occlumency." Harry shivered in the cold dungeon air. He noticed that there was no fire burning in the hearth. "What are you going to do exactly?" Harry asked quietly. "I will assault your mind," Snape explained. "I will attempt to bring forth the most terrible of memories and thoughts as well as fabricate my own. You are supposed to fight me. Keep me out. Unravel my fabrications and tethers before they draw you in." Harry's chest grew tighter as he considered Snape's words. He really didn't want to do this but on the other hand, he simply had to master Occlumency. "Do you need time to consider?" Snape asked. Harry shook his head. If he took the time to think about this, he would probably only grow more and more hesitant to go through with it. He could already hear Hermine's voice, telling him that it was a bad idea and that there just had to be another way. "I'll do it," Harry said. His voice was trembling and his palms were sweaty. If this would have been an actual duel, Harry wouldn't even mind if Snape attacked to injure. Because he was confident in his own abilities. But this truly scared him. "Very well," Snape said, getting up from the floor and taking out his wand. "Rise," he said, "This is a duel, not a tea party." Begrudgingly, Harry got up from the floor and faced Snape. The man's eyes were cold and dark, not a speck of emotion betraying his thoughts. Harry did his best to do the same and cleared his mind. "Legilimens!" It was almost as if Snape physically punched him, that time. Harry stumbled a few steps back but did his best to stand his ground. His shields were still holding strong. He fixed Snape with a defiant glare, spreading his legs somewhat so his stance felt more solid. Snape flicked his wand and Harry felt that same blow again. Reflexively, he raised his arm but this time, that would not help him. His shields didn't falter, though and Harry wondered when Snape would become serious. Another wand flick and another blow. Harry knew what was coming and endured the hit unflinchingly this time. He checked his shields and knew that Snape hadn't even scratched them. He couldn't stop himself from smirking. "I think it's time you become serious," he taunted, "Because you're not getting through." Snape's expression remained unchanged. His emotions were clearly walled off and the man exuded nothing but his well-known persona. One of cool collectedness. Harry's smile faltered somewhat but he remained focused, awaiting the next blow. Just when he thought that this was going to be nothing more than a test of his own endurance, he became aware of a sharp pain near his temple. He frowned and touched the spot with his hand, only to encounter unblemished skin. "Damn," he murmured when he realized Snape was trying to get in. He focused his attention on strengthening the wall again when he was hit with another blow. Harry stumbled somewhat closer to the stone dungeon wall and before he could regain his balance, another blow connected, followed by another. And another. Soon, Harry was backed up against the wall, holding himself up with one hand. "Just a moment," he breathed but Snape didn't relent. He took a few menacing steps towards Harry, swishing his wand at his target. Harry braced himself but couldn't keep part of his shields from shattering. He was surprised at how much it hurt and gasped when he became aware of the pain. Snape had gotten in. His presence was familiar yet much darker than it had ever been. He was no longer a subtle hitchhiker in Harry's mind but rather a powerful intruder that relished in kicking in doors and smashing windows as he blazed through. Harry tried throwing him out. He tried catching him but Snape was faster. Suddenly, he was thrown in a memory of his childhood, practically falling as he landed hard in his own mind. "You're a worthless freak!" Vernon yelled as he lifted Harry's head by his hair. He couldn't have been more than five. "You're as useless as your parents were. Why don't you just crawl into a ditch and die?" "Please Uncle," Harry heard himself plead, "I didn't mean to. I'm sorry." When Vernon's fist connected with his jaw, he could feel the splitting pain that accompanied the breaking of bone. He cried. "You dare cry," Vernon snarled and he threw Harry into the cupboard. "Stay in there until you're done snivelling, freak. Or I'll really give you something to whine about." And then he was engulfed by the darkness of his cupboard. The scene swirled and Harry was thrown into the graveyard, the dead body of Cedric lying beside him. His wand was in his hand and Voldemort was in front of him, brandishing his own. "Stop it," Harry thought, "This isn't real." If he had expected Snape to respond, he was sorely disappointed. It was very clear that Snape was not his friend right now. And Harry could not consider him as such. "Avada Kedavra!" Harry dodged the curse and hid behind a gravestone. Desperately, he calmed himself, searching for the mist that hung around the memory. He ignored the laughter of the death eaters around him and tried to focus when Voldemort suddenly stood before him. "Crucio," he hissed. That all too familiar blinding pain coursed through Harry's body. He tried to remember that none of it was real but his body seemed very convinced that it was. Eventually, he couldn't help himself. He screamed. It was then that Voldemort lifted the curse and sneered down at him. Harry breathed in deeply and closed his eyes, trying to forget his surroundings. "Stop," he thought, willing the memory to stop playing. Soon, the sounds around him stilled and he opened his eyes to find himself surrounded by the mists of his mind. Gratefully, he used them as he had learned and shaped the way out of the memory. It faded and Harry found himself in darkness. For a moment, he wondered if he was back in the cupboard but then he realized that he wasn't in a memory. Another blow hit him and Harry was aware of his body stumbling and his elbow knocking into something hard. Possibly the wall. He dared not divert his attention though. It was time to find the intruder and kick him out. Another sharp pain near the back of his head notified Harry of where Snape was. He was vaguely aware of the man ripping through his memories in what appeared to be a blind fury. He tore viciously at the ones that were buried away. It almost felt as if the man were tearing Harry's skin if such a thing was possible. Harry quickly focused on the area that was under attack and resurfaced there. The unwelcome presence didn't halt his actions and kept cutting through everything that made up Harry. Harry focused all of his attention on Snape's consciousness and willed it backwards. As soon as he did, the dark presence was flung into the near distance and the sharp pain subsided. Harry regarded his adversary carefully, wondering what he was supposed to do next. Another blow from the physical realm rattled him and he lost focus for just a split second. It had been enough, though. Harry found himself expelled from the battle in his mind and fell roughly to the floor. Before he realized what happened, he expelled the contents of his stomach all over the floor. He felt shaky and drained, trying to right himself on wobbly arms. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and looked up at Snape. "Please stop," he urged but he found no mercy in Snape's eyes. The man flicked his wand and Harry flinched away but to no avail. He was lurched back into the depths of his own mind and gasped sharply when more pain hammered his brain. Suddenly, Harry found himself engulfed in a dark blue that was almost black. The air around him trembled and moved in the pattern of waves if more slowly. The ground was not solid enough to support Harry's weight and soon his feet were swallowed by it as if he stood in quicksand. He couldn't break free. Dark mists swirled all around him, teasing him. Stroking him, gently. Where it touched him, it burned him. Feelings of hopeless overcame him. He was reminded of how unloved he truly was. No one wanted him. It had gone so far that the Professor that hated him the most of all ended up adopting him. He was a freak. A tragedy. He was the reason his parents died. The reason Cedric died. Sirius. Grief weighed on him heavily, pulling him down. Harry fell to his hands and knees and was only vaguely aware of the darkness swallowing them up. 'Nobody wants you, boy,' echoed the voice of his uncle. 'You bring death wherever you go,' Petunia shrieked in horror. 'I wish you were more like your father,' Sirius said woefully. 'You are an arrogant and spoiled little brat,' Snape sneered. 'Just die.' 'Die.' 'Why can't you die already?' 'People would be better off with you gone.' 'Die.' 'Go die in a ditch, why don't you?' "I want to die." "…" "…" "…" 'I really admire you, do you know that?' 'Thank you, Harry." 'I am proud of you.' 'We're with you, Harry. No matter what happens.' 'The ones that love us never really leave us.' 'I love you, son.' Determination flooded Harry's mind and the darkness that had surrounded him only moments before, now quickly turned light as a shockwave seemed to emanate from Harry's being. His limbs were no longer being sucked up by the ground and he rose again, empowered by the memories of his loved ones. He felt another blast connect with his physical form and thought he tasted blood. "Get out," Harry growled. He felt his mind connect roughly with the invading presence. He struggled with Snape's powerful existence as it pushed back against him. BANG Harry wasn't sure where the sound had come from but didn't think it came from within. He was vaguely aware of a sharp pain in his head that wasn't there before. "I said get out!" Harry snarled again, not sure if he said the words aloud. He put all the strength he could muster into one final push and was thrown back into reality as was Snape. And yet, he wasn't entirely gone. Harry could still feel a part of Snape hiding in the back of his mind. A tether if you will. Harry narrowed his eyes as he stared Snape down. The infuriating man still didn't show a shred of emotion. "I know you're still in here," Harry said icily, "Are you going to withdraw or do I need to drag you out?" A flick of Snape's wand was his answer and Harry felt another blow. This time it seemed to come from within his head and he grabbed at it as if to stop it from splitting open. It hurt so much. The pain was practically on par with the Cruciatus curse. "AAAAAH, you BASTARD," Harry screamed. But Snape didn't relent. Soon, Harry found himself kneeling on the ground, still grabbing his head as he folded into himself. Whatever had remained in his stomach, found its way to the floor then. Harry crashed to the ground, black dots marring his vision as he tried desperately to ignore the pain, to ignore his own screams. He didn't think he would last much longer before he would literally go insane. It took every bit of willpower he still had but he occluded inside himself and re-joined Snape on the battlefield that was his own mind. This time, he would get rid of him. This time, he would prevail. He had to. He ignored Snape, for now, biting through the pain. He knew his physical form was writhing on the floor in agony but he calmed his mind. He sought sanctuary. He found himself back in that white room, the crimson couch still waiting for him. The pain was gone and Harry breathed a sigh of relief. He had created a tether in the form of an old fashioned television set and sat down stoically to have a direct view of the havoc that was being wreaked upon his mind. Emotionless, he watched as Snape tore through another memory, attempting to implement it. To alter it. With a nod of his head, Harry made the memory disappear and watched as Snape stood there in apparent confusion. But not for long. He moved forward, attempting to cause more damage but Harry made a gesture as if he were roughly opening a curtain. The form of Snape was propelled backwards and was flung into an imaginary wall. He wrenched himself free and stood there for a second as if he was trying to concentrate. He was most likely looking for Harry. When he looked up to meet Harry's gaze, the boy knew he had been found. And yet, he didn't fear the dark man. Not in here. Without faltering, he started to form a ball with his hands, his eyes never leaving Snape as the man seemed to be focusing. Staring. Slowly, he brought his cupped hands closer together until he noticed the form of Snape crouch down, lifting an arm above his head as if to shield himself. Harry did not relent for Snape had not done so either. His hands came even closer together and the form of Snape became smaller and smaller as it curled into itself. Harry didn't want to go too far. He simply wanted to push Snape to his limits. And then, suddenly, Snape's presence disappeared and he was gone. Harry strengthened his shields and double-checked that there was no more trace of the Potions Master to be found. Soon, he was satisfied that there wasn't. He thought it was all over when he felt the walls of his minds quake and shudder under the heavy assault that was brought forth by Snape. But Harry knew, he would not be breached. No more. Calmly, he turned off the old television that was his tether and exited the room that had saved him once more. When the assault still posed no problems - despite Snape's furious attempts - Harry thought it safe enough to leave his own mind and face the master Legilimens once more. When Harry became aware of his surroundings, he found himself to still be lying on the floor. His body ached all over and he felt sick to his stomach. Yet he could not deny the sense of calm that had come over him and was still there. He forced himself to stand up, ignoring his wobbly knees and faced Snape. The man was staring him down expressionlessly and Harry returned his gaze as stoically as he could. Snape flicked his wand again and again and while Harry could feel the force of those blows hit his walls mercilessly, he knew they would not collapse. He simply stood his ground and showed no more reaction. After a few more very tense minutes, Snape finally lowered his wand, sighing deeply as he rubbed his forehead. "Are you okay?" Harry stammered, trying his best not to collapse onto himself. Snape shot him a disbelieving look and summoned a chair to stand behind his son. "Sit down," he ordered. Harry didn't need to be told twice and basically crashed into the chair, happy to be somewhat comfortable again. Snape vanished the vomit that stained his floor and summoned his own chair, sitting down opposite of Harry. And so they sat in an uncomfortable silence until Snape spoke again. "I'm so sorry," he said quietly. "That was… harder than I imagined it would be." Harry snorted. "I'll say," he said, "I'll take being tortured by Voldemort any day over this." He touched the back of his head that still felt somewhat sore and winced when it stung. Confused, he drew back his hand to find it stained with blood. "You hit your head against the wall," Snape explained. Non-verbally, he summoned a couple of potions from his storage room. "I'll clean it up. Just turn your chair somewhat so I might reach the wound." Harry obeyed and sat there as Snape started cleaning the wound. "It doesn't look that bad," Snape murmured, "You'll be fine by tomorrow." "I never realized just how much you were holding back before," Harry suddenly said, "In our previous Occlumency lessons, I mean." "I doubt you would have learned much if I had attacked you like this since the beginning," Snape said evenly. "I'd probably be dead," Harry said truthfully. Snape halted his movement for a second but continued soon after. "I would never kill you, Harry," Snape said softly. "Perhaps not," Harry replied, happy that he wasn't looking into Snape's eyes at that moment. "But for a moment, I wanted to do it myself." "I know," Snape whispered, "I'm sorry." "Were you the one who… you, know." "Brought forth the more pleasant memories?" Snape finished Harry's question. "No, I did not. I was playing my role as the villain in this particular battle. Aiding you in that manner would have been detrimental to your progress." "Oh," Harry replied, "Then what happened?" "Your mind defended itself," Snape explained, "It sprung into action when you felt at your absolute lowest. You know yourself best of all, even when you're unaware of it. Your mind knew how to bring you back from the brink of despair and thankfully did so." "Why has it never done that before?" Harry murmured bitterly. "This is not a normal response, Harry," Snape said, putting a hand on his son's shoulder, "This is the response of an Occlumens. Of one who has been in contact with his mind and is aware of its inner workings. And it only worked out that way because these feelings were no longer what you normally felt. Had you still been as depressed, your mind would not have picked up the anomaly. But now, it protected you." Harry drew a shuddering breath as he stared at his quivering hands. Some of his nails were bloody and chipped as if he had been clawing at a hard surface. The floor perhaps? He had been in so much pain. "You're scary powerful," Harry suddenly blurted out, "Why don't you just use Legilimency to do in with your enemies? They wouldn't stand a chance." Snape chuckled wryly. "While powerful, it is not something I like to do at all. Not only is it very straining, but it is also an incredibly emotional ordeal. Especially when dealing with someone who has been through as much as you have." "I'm sorry," Harry said automatically. Snape moved his chair to sit in front of Harry again and looked him in the eye. "Don't say that, silly child," he said, "You've done nothing wrong. In fact, you've done splendidly." Even when still suffering from the side effects of the vicious attack, Harry's face lit up. "Do you mean to say –" "Yes," Snape said, "You've passed this test rather admirably. I hereby grant you permission to start brewing that potion. There are however a few conditions." Harry frowned slightly. "Okay," he said carefully, "And what are those?" "First of all, I will be testing your shields regularly. Occlumency is a skill you need to maintain and if I find them lacking, I will halt your progress on the potion until I deem it safe again." "Sounds reasonable," Harry said, "When will you be testing me?" "I will be testing you randomly to ensure that your grasp is still firm," Snape explained, "I will also speak with Dumbledore and ask him to do the same." "It will be nothing like today though, right?" Harry asked, shuddering at the thought. "No," Snape sighed, "Nothing like today. Not ever again." "Good," Harry said in relief, "So, what else?" "Whenever you test the potion, I need to be present," Snape said, "I will not have you drinking it with no one to help you should something go wrong." "That's fair," Harry said. "Those are my two conditions," Snape said, "I'm sure even you will be able to follow those rules." "Thanks," Harry said, flashing Snape a smile that he did not expect to receive after the trying ordeal they had both endured that day. It only proved just how much Harry trusted Snape. If he was entirely honest with himself, he knew he had nearly been on the breaking point himself. It was only lucky that Harry had managed to save himself when he did or Snape would have stopped the test altogether. Perhaps, he should learn to trust Harry a bit more as well. After all, the boy kept surprising him and would probably continue to do so. I know, I know. I can be somewhat cruel at times. Please please, please leave me a review if you would? It's my only form of payment. Any kind if appreciated. Even if it's just one or two words! Since trafic in the weekends is slow, I won't be updating until Monday at the earliest. But that's not that far away, now is it? Oh, and to all those who celebrate it, I wish you a happy thanksgiving.
Thank you all so much for your reviews! It's really nice to know how many people out there are still reading and enjoying this fic. You've made me very happy and I hope I can keep meeting your standards. Please do enjoy the next chapter, as promised. Chapter 21 If one had thought that Harry's last Occlumency lesson was a reason for him and Snape to be standoffish towards one another, they would be wrong. For some reason, the harsh experience had forged an understanding between the two that brought them even closer together. While Harry absolutely loved working on potions, he loved it, even more, to do so besides Snape. "I'll let you in on a secret," Snape told Harry as the boy was about to start crushing his marigold flowers. Harry looked up from what he was doing and watched as Snape filled a bowl with lukewarm water. "Even the freshest of potions ingredients have had to endure at least a few hours outside of their natural habitat," Snape explained, "Most flowers – for example – will have already started dying since they are no longer connected to their stem." Snape took the marigold flowers from Harry and carefully placed them into the bowl. "If you allow them to soak up some water before you process them, the result will be that much better with less chance of outside contamination." Harry watched as the petals of the flowers – that had started to curl slightly – straightened out again. The dryness that had begun to set in was vanishing before his eyes and the colour of the pollen tubes seemed to be restoring. "There is no way that you made this happen with just water," Harry noted. "All it takes is lukewarm water and perhaps just a touch of magic," Snape said. "I thought magic could really mess up a potion," Harry noted. "It can," Snape agreed, "When used callously at least. Most of my students – even those in my N.E.W.T. class – are unable to fully grasp the effects magic can have on potions so I just forbid them from using any besides the mandatory spells. However -" With a flick of his wand, Snape removed the revigorated flowers from the water, carefully placing them in front of his charge. The petals seemed to throb with life as the droplets slid down from them. They were so much more beautiful than they had been only moments before. " – The right amount of magic, precisely distributed among the ingredients that can benefit from them can produce wonderful results." Harry smiled fondly as he listened to Snape's explanation. The Potions Master didn't often explain new things to Harry anymore but when he did, it was always with a careful reverence that motivated Harry into doing even better. "That's amazing," Harry said, "And so subtle, too." Snape chuckled. "Sometimes, the most useful and beautiful magic is not obvious or dazzling. Sometimes, all it takes is a small push." "Do you think I could do that too?" Harry asked hopefully. "If I didn't, I wouldn't have shown you this," Snape replied, "You have a very firm grasp on your magic. I'm certain you don't require me to tell you how talented you are. All you need to learn is to be more precise, like a surgeon handling a scalpel." Harry looked at Snape funnily. "It's easy to forget that you grew up in a muggle neighbourhood once we're back at Hogwarts," he said, "But then you say things like that." "And?" Snape asked, "If the analogy works and helps you understand, I see no reason not to use it." "Thanks for the vote of confidence, in any case," Harry said, grabbing his mortar and pestle to start crushing the flowers. "Will you practice this with me later?" "As long as no one earns themselves detention with me within the next hour or so, I would be amenable to that." After Harry was done crushing the flowers, he grabbed the vulture tongues he had ordered, carefully slicing them to bits. "Christmas is almost around the corner," Harry pointed out. "So it is," Snape replied casually as he went back to stirring a potion in one cauldron while he added parsley to another. "Are we going back to Spinner's End this year?" Harry asked. Hedwig had flown over to his station again and was now sitting comfortably on his cauldron. He hadn't started the fire yet since he was still preparing his ingredients. "That was my intention," Snape said, "Unless you would rather stay here?" "No, I want to go," Harry replied, now sliding the white clovers closer to him. "I was just wondering – since no one is really trying to kill me this year – if I could have my friends over for Christmas. Will that water work for my other flowers?" "Yes, it will," Snape replied, "And I don't think your friends' families will want their children away from them for Christmas. Is my company not sufficient for you?" Harry flushed somewhat, fearing that he had insulted his father and sputtered his denial: "Of course it is," he said, "I didn't mean it like that! I just thought –" Harry scowled when he caught sight of the amused smirk on Snape's face. "Git," he growled. "If you wish for it, you can ask them," Snape finally said, "But I wouldn't count on it. Especially not when it comes to Mr Weasley." Harry carefully lowered the white clovers into the water and watched as they too grew full of life once more. "It's a shame you can't do this with people," he murmured. "Of course you can," Snape said evenly. "Those flowers haven't died yet. They just needed a hand." "Can I burn them with magic or should I use a normal fire?" Harry asked once he retrieved the white clovers. "You want to burn them?" Snape frowned. "Yes," Harry said, "The ashes of the flowers should be absorbed by the potion rather quickly." "Hmm," Snape said, "While true, don't you think they might spread out too quickly in the form of ashes? This might cause a delay in the reaction which I assume you wish to avoid." "Er…" Harry hesitated. He hadn't thought of that. Snape looked at the rest of Harry's ingredients and grabbed the jar of honey that stood among them. "If you're planning on using honey, why not coat the ashes with it?" he suggested, "That way, they'll stick together long enough and you won't need to readjust your calculations." "Brilliant," Harry smiled, "That's why you're the Master, I suppose." "What are you going to use for a base?" Snape asked as he went back to his own cauldrons once more. "For now, I'm going to use plain water," Harry said, "Perhaps laced with rose water from the Rosa Mystica but I want to try without it first." "I advise you to try without it at first as well," Snape said, "I fear that that particular flower might be too specific for your wishes." "Perhaps," Harry said, finally filling his cauldron with water and placing it on a strong fire. "Well, wish me luck." "You don't need luck," Snape snorted, "You have me." Harry playfully rolled his eyes but smiled fondly. Roughly two hours later, Harry was staring into his cauldron, his expression a mix of exhilaration and apprehension. "How is it coming along?" Snape asked. He was drying his hands with a cloth, having just cleaned up his work station. "It should be nearly done, but I get the feeling that something is missing," Harry said. He grabbed his notes once more and checked them over, clicking his tongue as he thought things over. Suddenly, he was disturbed by Hedwig's screech. Harry looked at her as she was nudging a cloth bag that contained bay leaves. "Ugh, I'm so stupid," Harry suddenly said, grabbing the bag. "Thanks, Hedwig. I can't believe I nearly forgot the bay leaves." He carefully picked out three bay leaves, inspecting them for any anomalies before tossing them in. As they dissolved into the slightly acidic concoction, the potion turned into an emerald green. "Of course it would look Slytherin green," Harry snorted. "Let it cool off for a while," Snape said, "I realize you're looking forward to testing this potion but it wouldn't do to have you scalding your throat in the process." "What am I, five?" Harry said, "I know not to drink boiling liquids, dad." "Oh, cheeky now are we?" Snape said, raising a sardonic eyebrow. "Just sit down and I can show you how to imbue magic responsibly." Eager to learn, Harry took a seat as requested and sat attentively with folded hands as he watched Snape refill the bowl with water. "At first, you should practice with your wand," Snape said, "But the result is much nicer if you manage the magic wandlessly. It is far more natural that way and the ingredients will react better to it." "Now," Snape said, "Every creature alive oozes magic, even muggles, animals and plants." Snape laughed at Harry's surprised look but held up a hand to stop his question. "I know how it sounds but listen. Magic is imbued within our own lifeforce. It tells our bodies to do mundane things like healing wounds, growing hair and the likes. Have you ever heard of mothers suddenly being able to lift heavy loads when their child is in danger? Loads they would normally never be able to lift? That is made possible with that same magic, even if very rarely." "Only a select few people are actually born with enough magical power to control and use it. But when we use magic to – for example – heal a muggle, or even use the Cruciatus curse on them, we make use of the magic already inside of them and make our own react to it. The same happens when we make a plant grow or befriend an otherwise vicious animal." "How about an object?" Harry asked, "We can transform a needle into a matchstick and I'm certain neither of those is alive." "That is magic you perform on an object, not with," Snape explained, "A reparo would not work on a broken bone just like an Episkey wouldn't work on glasses. The one works with the magic in a being while the other just makes things happen to an object. You can't invade an object's mind or torture it with the Cruciatus. You can't befriend a rock." "So there is no one born without it?" Harry asked. "There are some," Snape said, "These people are exceedingly rare and are often used as guinea pigs by wizards and witches when found. They are never able to perform magic but they are also impervious to all three Unforgivables as well as most other spells." "So you can't harm them with magic?" Harry asked in amazement. "You can," Snape replied thoughtfully, "But not directly. A cutting curse will not work but an Incendio will because the fire you create is all natural as soon as it leaves your wand. The same goes for blasting curses and the like. As long as the effect on the person's body is derived from the spell instead of a direct effect." "But what if –" "Harry, we have gone way off subject," Snape suddenly chuckled, "My point is that everyone has innate magic and it is this magic that I need you to control." "Why?" Harry asked curiously. "Because it communicates with the surrounding life forms on their level." "I think I get it," Harry said, feeling a sense of profound connection after learning this new bit of information. It was almost overwhelming. "That's amazing." "The meditative skills you learned while practising Occlumency will help greatly as you attempt to use said magic which is why I have no doubt that you'll be able to do this. "How do I find where it is?" Harry asked. "If you will allow me to, I can join you in your mind once more and guide you to where this magic usually sleeps." Snape sounded doubtful, as if he didn't think Harry would ever allow him to come that close again. But the boy surprised him, as he often did. "Sounds great," Harry said honestly, sounding somewhat relieved, "If you'll help me find it, I'm sure I can get the hang of this." Snape smiled and glanced over at Harry's potion, noticing that it had stopped smoking. "It would appear that your potion cooled down. Would you prefer to try that first or would you rather we venture into your mind before that?" Quickly, Harry got up from his seat. "Oh, I'm testing my potion first," he said, "I've been waiting for months to do this." Snape chuckled. "I thought as much. Go on then." Harry carefully measured what he deduced would be one portion and filled a vial with it. He noticed that Snape did the same and raised an eyebrow at him but Snape simply smirked as if challenging him to say something. "Well, bottom's up!" Harry said before downing the emerald green liquid. The first thing he noticed was that it tasted beyond foul. It was somewhat sour as if he was drinking old-sock-soup but with a hint of old cigarette buds. He grimaced and scrunched up his nose in disgust. "Well that was the worst thing I've ever tasted," Harry groaned. "Do you feel different?" Snape asked. "Not really," Harry frowned. He looked at his hands to see if anything was changing, then tried taking in his surroundings as if expecting to see the ghosts of his parents walk in at any moment. Nothing happened for a while until Hedwig started screeching viciously and flew up, anxiously making her way to Snape to nestle on his shoulder. Snape – who was sitting in a chair near the edge of the room – was slightly perturbed by the owl's sudden need for comfort but ignored it. Then the sounds began. Harry recognized the sound of wailing. It was as if it was coming from somewhere in the far distance but from multiple places at once. Snape frowned when he too heard the sounds. Harry's potion was supposed to work on a different plain of sorts. An outer-body kind of experience if you will. Whatever was happening now, Snape was not supposed to be a part of it. Hedwig buried her head under his wing, shuffling even closer to Snape. Absentmindedly, Snape stroked her feathers reassuringly as he kept a close eye on Harry. The wailing grew louder still and seemed to be approaching rapidly. Harry wondered if whatever he was hearing was going to collide with him and thought of seeking shelter. That was a silly thought though since he was the one that took the potion so instead, he held his wand at the ready and waited. Even though both Snape and Harry were expecting something to happen, they both jumped when the room was suddenly swarming with ghosts. And not just any ghosts. All of the Hogwarts ghosts seemed to suddenly be converging on this exact spot. "Severus," the bloody baron sneered, "What is the meaning of this, boy?" "Don't look at me, baron," Snape replied evenly, "It's Mr Potter that summoned you all here." "Harry!" Moaning Myrtle whined, "Why would you do that? I was quietly reliving my death in my bathroom stall when YOU RUINED IT!" "Sorry, Myrtle," Harry said, holding up his hands in defence, "I promise this was not my intention." "Well, I'm leaving!" Myrtle yelled and attempted to float through the ceiling when she was stopped by an invisible barrier. "Harry, let me GO!" she shrieked. "I can't!" Harry said, "It's this potion. We'll have to wait until it wears off." "How marvellous," the fat friar said, "It's positively wonderful to have such a young potioneer in our midst. Tell me, child, was this your intended effect?" "Honestly," the grey lady interjected, "Intended or not, this is highly unusual and most obnoxious. I demand to be released immediately." "That's odd," Harry said, more to himself than anyone else. "What is, Harry?" Nick asked him kindly, showing remarkable restraint. "I don't see Peeves anywhere," Harry said. "Isn't he a ghost?" "Not exactly," Nick explained, "He's a manifestation. That's slightly different. He came with Hogwarts, so to speak." "May I ask how you were all drawn here?" Harry asked, already furiously scribbling away on a piece of parchment. "Did you feel compelled to do so or did it feel more like a physical pull." "You dare use us for your experimentation?" The bloody baron howled, "You think we haven't more important business to attend to simply because we are deceased?" "And whose fault is that?" the Grey Lady asked, "If it weren't for you, I would not be in this mess." "Calm down everyone," the fat friar said, "We are the resident ghosts in a school and we should be thankful that the students are trying to learn." "I was a student myself," Myrtle complained, "But I got no help. From the living or THE DEAD!" She started wailing and hid in Harry's cauldron. "To answer your question," Nick suddenly replied, "It felt as if I was being pulled here by a large fishing hook." The other ghosts now started joining in and telling their own tales of how they felt they were drawn there while Harry scribbled furiously. Snape watched it all unfold while he absentmindedly stroked Hedwig, not wishing to get involved with the ghosts. It was exactly one hour and thirteen minutes later that the first ghost noticed that it could finally leave Harry's side again. The translucent beings bid their farewells and left, the fat friar telling Harry to come to him should he be in need of spiritual assistance before he did. Exhausted, Harry sank down into a chair, vanishing the rest of his potion with a lazy flick of his wand. "Well that was a failure," Harry groaned. "Look at it this way," Snape said, "You did not achieve what you intended but you still created a new kind of potion." "Oh yes, and it's so very useful too," Harry said sardonically, "Who wouldn't want to summon all ghosts within a twenty-mile radius?" "It might be useful for clearing out haunted houses," Snape offered. Harry made a noncommittal sound and made some more notes. "I think the white cloves were a bad idea," he said, "They probably made it so that ghosts were drawn to me instead of souls that have departed. And perhaps the vulture tongues…" "Harry," Snape said tiredly, "You're not going to be making any progress today. You've been at it for hours and I'm sure that you're hungry." "But if you'll just let me make this one adjustment –" Harry said, already grabbing a new piece of parchment when Hedwig nipped his fingers. "Ow, Hedwig!" Harry admonished. "She's telling you to listen to your teacher," Snape said evenly, a smirk on his face. "Clear your station, wash your hands and go up to eat something." "Alright, alright," Harry chuckled, "I'm going! Can we at least practice that innate magic you were talking about?" "Not today," Snape said, "I can see that these last hours have been draining for you. And if not, they sure have been for me." "Old man," Harry jibed but he yelped when he was hit by a mild stinging hex. "Brat," Snape sneered, fixing Harry with a pointed glare. Harry just shook his head at the man, packing away the remainder of his ingredients. At dinner, Draco had joined their table again, basically stealing the entire platter of asparagus for himself. But Ron reciprocated by hoarding the potatoes. "So did you guys notice when all the ghosts disappeared all of a sudden?" Draco asked, "Peeves had a field day without the bloody baron around to tame him." "Oh no," Harry groaned, "What did he do?" "He knocked over some trophy cases and got muddy footprints all over the ceiling," Ron explained, "Filch is not happy about it." "It's a good thing that Professor Bell was there to ask him to stop," Draco said evenly. "She managed to do that?" Harry asked. "Of course," Ron piped up, "I mean, look at her!" He gestured quite obviously toward the high table to indicate their History teacher. "What man wouldn't listen to her? Even if he is a poltergeist." "I didn't think she was your type," Hermione said haughtily, practically glaring at her plate. "How could you not?" Ron replied, "She's almost as beautiful as you are and nearly as smart." "Smooth," Draco whispered when Hermione blushed. Ron winked at him. "Anyway, about those ghosts," Harry said, "It was kind of because of my potion. Suffice to say it did not work as intended." "You're allowed to work on it now?" Hermione asked, envy in her voice, "That's great! Does that mean you mastered Occlumency?" "In a way," Harry said, not wanting to sound overconfident. "So that's what you were doing," Draco mumbled, "Man, you were screaming bloody murder the other night. It was scary as hell." Harry nearly choked on his potatoes. "You heard that?" he asked incredulously. "From the corridors nearby, yes," Draco said, not a hint of shame in his voice. "Were you eavesdropping?" Harry asked. "Me?" Draco asked, "Never! I simply wanted to visit my godfather. How was I supposed to know that you were already there? What were you even doing in there?" "Occlumency," Harry said through gritted teeth. "Well, it sure sounded hard-core," Draco said, "Nothing like anything I've ever practised." "I suppose you aren't good enough to practice what I've had to just yet," Harry sneered, smirking when he caught Draco's affronted expression. "You're joking," he said, "I'm sure I'm better than you." "Are you?" Harry asked, "Do you get tested by Dumbledore randomly as well? Do you think you could even stop him from getting in?" Draco's eyes widened as his eyes flashed towards the headmaster. Dumbledore smiled kindly at him when he caught his eye and Draco quickly looked away. "Ha, he's got you there, Malfoy," Ron said. "Shut up, Weasley," Draco growled, angrily mashing his potatoes. "On a different note," Harry said, "What are you lot doing for Christmas? You can come to my place if you'd like." "My mum would kill me if I did that," Ron said honestly, "Also, I'd rather not eat any limerick soup." "I'll ask," Hermione replied, "But I honestly doubt I'm allowed to. My parents are always really happy when I'm home for the holidays, you know?" "I'll come," Draco said easily, "If that invitation was directed at me as well, I mean." "Of course it is!" Harry said, happy that someone accepted. Quickly, he jotted a message down on his cuff. "Draco's coming for Christmas!" Harry wrote, including the exclamation mark. "Marvellous," Came the simple reply and when Harry caught Snape's deadpan expression, he couldn't help but laugh. I would very much appreciate it if you could throw more reviews my way! They are my only payment for what I'm doing here. Let me know what you think; what you expect and even what you would like to see! I've got some pretty good ideas out of reviews before. Either way, expect the next chapter tomorrow.
You guys have made me so happy with all of your reviews. Thank you so much! And to all the guest reviews I couldn't reply to, it was very much appreciated as well. thank you all for your time. You made my day. I hope you'll enjoy this chapter as well. Chapter 22 Harry was already packed and ready to go even if he wouldn't need to leave until the next evening. But he was excited to go back home and see Alex. He vaguely wondered if he should introduce Draco to him when the blonde came over and decided he might as well. If Draco was able to act civil to Hermione, he would also be able to act civil to a muggle. With great effort, he had managed to convince Hedwig to leave the dungeons and head towards Spinner's End. If took him promising her that she would be allowed to return to the potions lab but eventually, she had nipped his finger affectionately and taken flight. It would probably do her some good to fly a longer distance. She hadn't in a while. As for Harry, right after dinner, he found himself back in Snape's quarters for what would be the last time that year. He wasn't there for an Occlumency lesson. Not really. But Snape had promised him that they would work together to find Harry's innate magic and the sooner he was able to access it, the better. Especially if it could help him with his potion. "For this one time, I will need you to drop your shields," Snape said as he regarded the boy sitting in front of him. Harry smirked. He had felt the familiar push of Snape's Legilimency but wasn't about to grant the man access without him expressly asking him to first. After all, he was supposed to keep his shields up all the time and block any and all attempts of Snape to force his way in. "Okay," Harry agreed, "Anything I should know before we get started?" "It'll all become clear once we've entered your mind," Snape said impatiently, "Now if you don't mind, lower your shields." Harry tried to but realized that once you know how to put up your shields, it was rather difficult to stop doing so. It was almost like swimming. When you didn't know how to, it was easy to sink to the bottom like a brick. But when you did, it was quite difficult to stop from keeping yourself afloat. "Harry, I'm waiting," Snape said, rapping his fingers on his desk. "I'm trying," Harry protested, "Just give me a minute." Snape sighed. "Just imagine a doorway of sorts for me," he said, "I'll be able to find that and use it to get in." Harry scrunched up his nose in concentration and imagined a door. Light was shining through from underneath it and he imagined the door to be usable by Snape alone. "There you go," Snape said and suddenly, Harry felt his presence within his own mind. The sensation was odd. When they weren't perusing memories or thoughts, he wasn't entirely closed off from the outside world. Right now, he was aware of both which gave him a sense of confusion. "Are you aware of where I am?" Snape asked. "Of course," Harry replied. "Join me then," Snape said, "Close your eyes if you must. It makes things easier." Harry closed his eyes and found himself in the now very familiar depths of his own mind. He wondered if he looked like himself since he had never encountered a mirror. Snape seemed to be able to take on forms of all kind. But right now, the dour man simply looked like himself as he stood there, waiting for Harry. "I need you to focus," Snape told him, "Focus on the sense of magic." "How do I do that?" Harry asked. "Do you remember the first time you held your wand?" Snape asked. Harry nodded. "That's the feeling you're looking for. I need you to think of that." "Er…" Harry still wasn't sure. What had that been like again? After a few moments, Snape snapped his fingers and Harry felt himself being pulled into a memory again. "Hey!" he protested, "I thought we weren't going to do this anymore?" He almost kicked Snape out of his mind when he realized that the memory was of him trying out wands. "Oh," he said. "One of the many benefits of being an Occlumens," Snape explained simply, "Is being able to revisit your own past to look for wisdom you might have missed." "Wow, could I use this to pass my exams?" Harry asked incredulously. "You could try," Snape said evenly, "But by the time you gathered the information you would need, the exam would be long over. I don't need to remind you of the altered flow of time in here." "Right," Harry sighed. "Here it comes," Snape pointed out when he saw Ollivander's face lit up. "I wonder," the old man said. "Focus on that feeling. Relive the magic flowing through your wand for the very first time." Harry honed in on the magic he felt course through his young body and grasped it with his mind, feeling as if he had taken hold of a strong rope. He tugged at it. The memory disappeared and all of a sudden, he was surrounded by threads of light in many different colours. The most prominent colour was red. Snape – who could see what Harry was seeing – scoffed. "Typical," he growled. "Are you going to tell me that strand is red because I'm in Gryffindor?" Harry asked incredulously. "Of course not," Snape replied, "That's the thread that represents offensive magic. It was only to be expected that it would be so prominent." "And what's this one?" Harry asked as he pointed towards a deep blue one. It was so thin that it was almost not even there. "That's definite proof that you're not a seer and that divination was a complete waste of your time," Snape said icily. "Of course it was," Harry said soberly, "But it was easy and relaxed. Well, until Trelawney predicted my death, of course." "Not exactly what I would call a good reason to take any class," Snape said, "But since that's behind us, there's no point in arguing about it. Especially not when in the time-consuming progress of exploring your mind." "It does seem rather mundane to discuss my curriculum while staring down at colourful strands of pulsating magic," Harry deadpanned. "Indeed," Snape replied. "So… what are we looking for?" Harry asked. Snape pointed towards a brilliant white strand that seemed to be three times the size of the strand that represented seer magic. It was however not even half as strong as the red strand. Harry frowned at it. "That's my innate magic?" he asked, "It doesn't look very powerful." "Is power all you can think of?" Snape asked. He sighed in exasperation. "In this case, its power does not matter. It's powerful enough to make you a wizard which makes it stronger than average, to begin with. Surely, that should satisfy your need for excellence." "Alright," Harry grumbled, "I get it. No need to get all snarky about it." "Come," Snape said and started walking the path the magic took. "So we just follow it?" Harry asked, traipsing behind Snape. "Obviously," Snape sneered as he kept walking. "And then what?" "Harry, while I appreciate your sense of curiosity and longing for knowledge, you should realize that you'll find out soon enough if you would just be patient." Harry rolled his eyes and looked around. They had bypassed the corridors - that resembled those of Hogwarts – some time ago and were now following a staircase downward. Around them, there were no more walls but rather a large open space with a great green sky in which fluffy clouds floated aimlessly. Among them, objects were strewn for which Harry could not think up a reason for them to be there. Like a grandfather clock and a large picnic basket. In the distance, he could see what seemed to be a playground and if he really squinted, he was sure there was a castle to be found. "This is pretty wild," Harry snickered as he kept walking down the stairs, following close behind Snape. "Does your mind look like this as well?" "Heaven forbid," Snape sneered. "What's wrong with it?" Harry asked, "I kind of like it." "Of course you like it, dunderhead. It's your mind we're exploring," Snape replied coldly, "Just keep going." "I honestly don't understand how we're still going," Harry said, completely undeterred by Snape's less than amicable behaviour, "My mind can't possibly be this big." "I too would not expect the limited capacity of your mind to stretch as far as this yet here we are," Snape said. "If you won't stop being a prat, I'll kick you out," Harry warned. "And deprive me of the sight of your horrifyingly sweet fantasies?" Snape retorted, "However shall I sleep at night knowing that I missed all of this?" The stairs finally led them out of the admittedly fantastic scenery and stretched down a corridor for a while as if they were on the staircase to the astronomy tower. Snape started muttering under his breath. "What's wrong?" Harry asked. "Nothing in particular," Snape said, "It would simply appear that your innate magic is buried deeper than I had anticipated." Harry contemplated that for a moment. "Will that make it more difficult for me to access it?" he asked. "Not necessarily," Snape replied, "As long as the path remains straightforward, it should not pose an extra problem." "Then why are you muttering?" Harry asked carefully. "The deeper we venture into your mind, the more vulnerable it becomes," Snape replied, "We should be very careful." "It's alright," Harry replied easily, "It's not like you're here to do any damage. Not this time at least." "I was never going to damage you permanently, Harry," Snape said, sounding somewhat out of it. "Of course not," Harry said, "Which is why I fully trust you being here, even if I am more vulnerable." "It's not me I am worried about," Snape said pointedly, "But I am rather worried that your Gryffindor brashness might bring you to touch something you shouldn't. Impetuosity is not a valuable trait when doing something a delicate as this." "At least give me some credit," Harry objected, "Or have you forgotten that I have, in fact, withstood that final lesson of yours. Perhaps I am more mindful of myself than you seem to think." The winding staircase straightened out again and the pair of wizards kept walking further down. This next area was once again wide open and seemingly limitless but darker than the previous room. The sky was a dark blue as it would be at dusk but there was no moon and no stars. A forest stood erected all around them but about half of the trees appeared dead and dry. There were objects hidden in their branches. Harry frowned when he saw a toy soldier, a baby blanket and a pair of scissors. He shuddered involuntarily. "I don't like this very much," Harry said, unconsciously walking somewhat closer to Snape. "Didn't you imply that I should like whatever is in here because it's my mind?" "The upper levels are made up of dreams, desires and fantasies," Snape said evenly, "You control those, even on a subconscious level. The lower levels are made up of your experiences and fears." Harry snorted. "That makes my mind a right house of horrors," he said, "though this isn't too bad." Snape didn't respond. He just kept walking having the courtesy to not look at their surroundings. All he was focused on was that thread of white light. It seemed to pulse randomly at them as if urging them to keep going. "The things I do to brew my potions," Harry said uneasily as he tried to break the uncomfortable silence. An owl seemed to hoot in the distance and a slow rumble came from somewhere across the horizon. Snape was still not saying anything. "How much farther do you think we have to go?" Harry asked. "You see as much as I do," Snape replied, "Possibly even more so I can't tell you." "How often have you done this?" Harry asked, starting to feel more and more uncomfortable. "A handful of times," Snape replied evenly. "Are you doubting my expertise?" "No," Said Harry, "Just trying to determine if I'm a lost cause or something." Snape snorted at that comment. "That's a ridiculous notion. Of course, you're not. The strand is right there. You can see it as clearly as I can." "But maybe the core is buried too deeply," Harry said weakly, "None of the other strands are venturing this far." "We will be fine," Snape said soothingly. "All you need to do is focus and we'll get there. It might just take a bit longer than I had expected." "Okay," Harry said doubtfully, "But let me just say that this is getting to be decidedly creepy." "Duly noted." Again, the stairs disappeared into the ground, leaving the forest behind as Snape and Harry descended into another winding staircase. Cracks appeared in the brick walls the stairway coiled around and the steps seemed more and more unsteady and dilapidated. "Have you ever read Dante's Inferno?" Harry asked out of the blue. "I have," Snape replied, "Why?" "It's starting to feel as if we're descending from the most benign of circles into increasingly bad ones." Snape chuckled. "Harry, I assure you that if there is such a thing as hell, this is most certainly not it." "I know that," Harry said, sounding exasperated, "I was just making an assessment if that's alright with you." "Watch your step," Snape said urgently when Harry was about to put his weight on a particularly flimsy-looking foothold. Harry readjusted his gait and fell close behind Snape to copy his footsteps. Once again, the stairs straightened out, revealing an even more grim scene. The sky was dark all around. There seemed to be something out that looked like stars but instead of exuding bright white light, they were oozing a blood red that seemed to stretch out elongated tendrils towards Harry. The crescent moon hung on its side as if the sky was smirking at the pair walking beneath it. It too oozed a blood-red light and if Harry looked close enough, he thought he could see teeth in the gaping mouth between which a red liquid flowed. And all the while the mouth was smirking. Harry gulped and averted his gaze, only to become aware of the surrounding area. They seemed to be walking in a desert-like area. Dunes made up a large part of the scenery with strange, spidery plants trapped in their sands. Bits and pieces of ancient civilisations protruded from the cold sand as night-time crawlers made their way across the desert. A few of them turned their heads in Harry's direction but their eyes were hollow and cold. "Oh Merlin, please don't let us go any deeper than this," Harry said to himself. Snape heard him but didn't respond. Harry's eyes fell on a mountain of bones that lay stacked neatly against a huge but dead tree. The bones seemed to move as something burrowed beneath them. Harry turned his gaze to look at the strand of magic they were still following and wished for it to reveal its source already. Harry yelped when something very close to him slithered across the sand rapidly, shifting it before it burrowed underneath. It had been much wider than a snake. "Nothing will hurt you here," Snape reminded Harry. "Try and relax." "If you say so," Harry said, not fully convinced. He would like to believe that his own mind wasn't about to attack him, though. Faster than before, the stairs winded once more and Harry and Snape disappeared into the ground, leaving the scenery behind. The stairs were now so broken, that they might as well not have been there. It was now as if they were making their way down a slope that had sharp edges where the brick steps were still slightly intact. Suddenly, Harry lost his footing and slid down when Snape's hand stopped him. "Careful," he said, "We may be in your mind and not actually on a physically arduous journey but that doesn't mean you can't get hurt." Harry used Snape's outstretched hand to right himself again and shot him a glare. "What do you mean?" "When one believes themselves to be hurt strongly enough, their physical form will show the result. The further we go inside your mind, the more your body believes this ordeal to be reality." "Now you tell me," Harry snarled. "Would you not have gone if I had warned you?" Snape asked, arching an eyebrow. Harry sighed. "No," he admitted. "Once a Gryffindor, always a Gryffindor," Snape smirked, "And I'm not telling you that you're in actual danger. I'm just trying to prevent some cuts and bruises. Come on –" he stretched an arm down the path that would lead them farther down. "- I doubt we will have much further to go." Harry inhaled deeply, steeled his resolve and continued walking, taking extra care to seek solid ground before shifting his weight. The stone column the path coiled around was missing various stones and showing gaping holes of darkness. Between the stones oozed a thick green liquid that slowly cascaded down and dripped onto the path they were taking. Harry thought he heard whispers coming from the wall but knew better than to stare down its depths. The staircase straightened out again and actually ended entirely as if to signify that this was their final stop. Harry inhaled sharply at the new scene he was forced to lay eyes upon. This time, the sky itself was a blood red. Cracks seemed to appear within it as if they stood inside a humongous snow globe that had been dropped and broken. Dead trees stood haphazardly among the earth, cracked because of the obvious draught that held this area in its grasp. Spiders and centipedes crawled between the crevices, fighting over what seemed to be scraps of meat. Harry's eyes widened when he saw a huge millipede wrap itself around what seemed to be a human ear. A high pitched creaking sound reverberated around the area in a rhythmic pattern and made Harry's hair stand on end. "What the hell is wrong with me?" Harry murmured. "Nothing's wrong with you, Harry," Snape responded, ignoring the trail of spiders that crossed his path. "Everyone carries darkness in their heart. Even the Gryffindor golden boy." Snape smirked but sighed when he saw Harry's stricken expression. "You've seen much in your life," he continued, "This was only to be expected." Harry laughed bitterly. "You expected this?" he asked loudly, gesturing towards a rotting carcass of what seemed to be a large dog. "I understand why this might seem a bit grotesque to you," he said, "But this is really not as bad as it seems. The mind is a perplexing thing and can be difficult to understand sometimes." Harry scoffed indignantly. "Believe me when I tell you that you're within the range of what one might consider 'normal', Harry." "Well, normal is impossibly abnormal," Harry said evenly. Snape laughed, lifting Harry's spirit somewhat, though he did still flinch when the sky splintered even more with a loud crack. For a moment he wondered if they would find themselves buried under tons of glass soon. Snape had already started moving again and Harry sped up somewhat to catch up with the man. "It can't be much further," Snape told him, "Since there are no more ways down, the source of your inert magic has to be on this plain somewhere." Harry heard the sound of crows as they flew overhead. He looked up to see at least two dozen of them circling. Sometimes, one of them swooped down to feast on the multitude of insects exuding from the pores of the earth. Other times, they simply fought the critters for the hunks of meat they had in their possession. Harry thought he could hear them yelling things at him. But if they were, their words were unintelligible. When he looked behind him, he noticed that he was leaving footprints. He didn't take the time to consider why those footprints were wet with red liquid. The strand of magic they were following was pulsing quicker now. It was the only spectrum of light that was still visible on this plain and Harry found refuge in it. He felt his mind reach out to it and hold on, trying not to wallow in the dark depravity that surrounded them. "I doubt Luna's mind is like this," he said as he watched how the skin of some dead animal was practically melting off the branches of a dead tree. Snape snorted. "No, I don't think it would be," he agreed, "But Ms Lovegood is a special case, isn't she?" "She thinks our souls are connected," Harry said, wondering why he even brought that up. "Does she?" Snape asked evenly, "She might not be entirely incorrect." "What do you mean?" Harry asked. "It's rather obvious, I think," Snape replied, "The fact that I'm walking beside you as we're making this journey is proof of our connection. No one else could've gone with you this easily." "Why is that?" Harry asked, "Is it because we've practised Occlumency together?" "That is part of it," Snape acknowledged, "But it also has a lot to do with the fact that we trust each other. And that we've bonded in many ways that others – Professor Dumbledore for example – have not been able to do." "Like when you adopted me?" Harry asked. "Yes," Snape agreed, "As well as your apprenticeship." "I'm lucky, I guess," Harry said, "That everything is connected to each other like this." Suddenly, Snape held out his arm to stop Harry and peered at the edge of the thread in front of him. It ended in a large, pulsating orb that exuded strength and power. The light was so blinding that Harry and Snape had to shield their eyes from it. Surrounding it were trees in full bloom, bearing fruits of all kind. No creatures of the dark dared to venture close to it as light exuded from all around the orb. Harry was overcome by a sense of calm and stepped forward. Snape didn't stop him. He merely followed. "The orb is you," Snape said as Harry scuffled closer to it, mouth agape. "It is you at your most primal. It is your most pure and untainted form of magic. Once you touch it, you will know where it is buried. You will know how to access it. You can learn how to harness it." Harry reached out but hesitated, stopping his hand mere inches from the glowing ball of light. It seemed to whisper to him. To call to him. Harry grew a bit suspicious, almost thinking this was a trap of sorts but Snape put a hand on his shoulder, soothing him. "It's alright," he said, "It won't harm you. Reach out, and allow for it to guide your senses." Putting all of his faith in the Potions Master, Harry reached out. As soon as his fingertips touched the orb, tendrils of the magic sped down the length of his arm, engulfing the boy in light. Snape let go as if he were chased away by the magic but he looked on with no concern in his gaze. Harry felt himself be enveloped and recognised the feeling that now coursed through his veins. Even though he was sure that he had never felt it before. He felt it burrow its way into his mind and knew at that moment where it was and where he could find it. It made him feel more complete, even if he had never felt incomplete before. He now knew that he had been. Finally, the light withdrew as fast as it had ensnared him and went back to being a big ball of light. Amazed, Harry looked at Snape to find the man smirk knowingly at him. "I take it that now you understand," he said solemnly. Harry felt euphoric and his eyes darted around excitedly as if he was literally looking for the right thing to say. "That was extraordinary," he ended up saying, knowing that it was far from sufficient." Snape chuckled. "That it was," he agreed. "What do you say we get out of here?" Harry knew that his physical body was feeling tired when he felt the tug of sleep try to pull him away from his inner adventure. He smiled and took Snape's outstretched hand. "That sounds great," he admitted. It was a good thing for both of them that there was no need to make the journey back. Instead, they were catapulted back into the shallow depths of Harry's mind with tremendous speed where the boy finally broke the connection and entered the physical realm once more. He was vaguely aware of the sound of Slytherin students making their way to breakfast. He couldn't help but groan. I wonder very much how you guys feel about the way I portray Occlumency. Any thoughts? As always, reviews are appreciated. It makes me happy!
