This is one of those ideas that just woke me up in the middle of the night and compelled me to right. It takes place after the duel Harry had with Voldemort in the graveyard and the Priori Incantatem incident in the Goblet of Fire. Hope you all enjoy all… Give me your feedback through the reviews and I'll definitely continue this… Hope you enjoy this as much as I enjoyed writing it. He heard Voldemort scream, "Stun him!" Ten feet from Cedric, Harry dived behind a marble angel to avoid the jets of red light and saw the tip of its wing shatter as the spells hit it. Gripping his wand more tightly, he dashed out from behind the angel and bellowed, pointing his wand wildly over his shoulder at the Death Eaters running at him. "Impedimenta!" From a muffled yell, he thought he had stopped at least one of them, but there was no time to turn and look; he jumped over the Cup and dived as he heard more wand blasts behind him; more jets of light flew over his head as he fell, stretching out his hand to grab Cedric's arm as Voldemort shrieked, "Stand aside! I will kill him! He is mine!" Harry's hand had closed on Cedric's wrist; one tombstone stood between him and Voldemort, but Cedric was too heavy to carry, and the Cup was out of reach. Voldemort's red eyes flamed in the darkness. Harry saw his mouth curl into a smile, saw him raise his wand. "Accio!" Harry yelled, pointing his wand at the Triwizard Cup. It flew into the air, and soared towards him… His heart jackhammered in his chest as he caught it by the handle… But nothing happened… His last hope of escaping was gone… The handle slipped out of his numb fingers and his head fell in defeat. In the background, the death eaters jeered and shouted as he heard Voldemort approach him, "Are you quite done with trying to escape, Harry?" Harry closed his eyes as he let go of Cedric's lifeless arm… The sense of failure weighed heavy on his soul. He'd failed him… He'd failed Cedric… The despair that filled him was a heady blackness; the means of escape he'd thought possible had vanished to black, not blocked, but like they had never been there at all. The notion of hope became meaningless, and if his mind tried to linger on such ideas they started to feel like cruel tricks, as cruel as any desert mirage. The bonds he had, the ones that kept his heart beating, felt so thin and frail and even they were a terrible weight. At least, he wouldn't have to live with his sense of failure… He wouldn't have to face Cedric's parents… Voldemort was going to kill him… He was going to die. And that didn't bother him. It should but it didn't. His mind felt oddly calm and relaxed even though his treacherous heart was trying to escape his body. It was struggling to beat its way out of his chest. He could still feel the warmth of his wand between his fingers but what good would it do him now? He could fight but it would only serve to prolong his death. There was no escape from here…Not for him at least… He felt the tip of Voldemort's wand touch his forehead. Any minute now he was going to see the green flash of light. Any minute now he was going to be gone from this world. This was the last chance he had to honour Cedric's wish. The words finally left his lips, "I have a request." The death eaters shouted insults at him, but a hush fell as, no doubt, Voldemort silenced them. The tip of the wand receded from his forehead and he whispered hoarsely, "Cedric… Could you… Could you have his body delivered back to his parents?" Voldemort was silent for a moment and then he chuckled darkly, "What a selfless request, Harry. Even now, when you are minutes away from death… You continue to think of others…You should be more concerned about what will happen to your body once you are dead." Harry opened his eyes and looked up at Voldemort…Meeting his crimson gaze head on as he spoke, "I don't care about what happens to me…Not anymore… All I'm asking is that you honour my request… Please…" Please… Why had he said that? Was he really that desperate? Now the death eaters would probably boast that he'd begged before he'd died. But he was desperate… Cedric had died because of him. He could have lived a long healthy life if it hadn't been for him. This was all his fault and he needed to make it right. He just had to make it right before he died. There was utter silence in the graveyard and then Voldemort spoke, "It shall be done." The relief those words filled him with was indescribable. It felt like a huge weight had been lifted from his shoulders. He didn't know why he trusted Voldemort's words… For all he knew, the man could be lying but everything inside him was screaming that he wasn't. Voldemort was really going to honour his request. He could die in peace now. He dropped his wand as his final act of surrender and spoke, "Thank you." The wand returned to his forehead and Harry closed his eyes as his life flashed in front of his eyes. All those terrible years with the Dursleys… The time he'd read his Hogwarts acceptance letter… The first time he'd held his wand… The first time he'd seen Hedwig… The time when he'd met Ron and Hermione… All the moments he'd shared with them… He remembered his first time on a broomstick… He remembered the twins… He saw their smiling faces… Remembered all their jokes… He saw Sirius and Remus… He saw Hogwarts… All the corridors…The grounds… Hagrid… Professor Dumbledore…Professor McGonigal… Even Snape… It was strange how many memories he'd accumulated in his short life span and yet how fast they'd flashed inside his head. He was glad that he'd met the people he'd met… He was glad that he had people who cared about him… Who would probably be sad at his demise… Who would look for him if Voldemort burnt his body or left him to rot in this graveyard or worse… A decent burial was out of the question for him. Voldemort hated him too much and Harry was certain that his death would not be enough to satiate his desire for revenge. He drew in one last shaky breath and then a flash of light behind his closed lids threw everything into immaculate darkness.
I am seriously overwhelmed with the response I got on this…Both here and on AO3… You guys are the best. Hope you continue to enjoy this. Love you all. Thanks a lot to everyone that is following this fanfic and favourited it. My gratitude to Gurgaraneth, erikablair for reviewing it. Your opinion matters a looooooooooooot to me. Harry felt so warm, so very sleepy, that he didn't open his eyes. His head felt like it was filled with cotton and his body…well he couldn't feel it at all. Was this what death was supposed to feel like? Had he already been buried? Voices, dim and distant, reached him. That wasn't right… Couldn't be… And as the fact that he was alive registered in his mind… He instantly felt the aches and pains… There wasn't a part of him that wasn't aching. And those aches were enough to bring him to full alertness. A cold sweat washed over his face and chest… his heart trying desperately to escape through his throat the first chance it could get. Voldemort… The death eaters… Cedric… The graveyard… All that torture and pain… It all flashed in front of his eyes in quick succession and he struggled to breathe as the memories constricted his chest… He felt someone patting his cheek, "Harry… Harry, wake up… It's okay… It's just a nightmare…" Harry eyes flew open and the first thing he saw were Sirius's intense grey eyes. The fear seeped out of his body, giving way to confusion as he sank back on the bed. Sirius cupped his face, "What happened, Harry?" Harry looked away from Sirius and took in his surroundings. He was in the hospital wing at Hogwarts. Madam Pomfrey, Professor Dumbledore and Professor Moody stood behind Sirius and were regarding him concernedly. Harry closed his eyes as he drew in several deep breaths. There were too many thoughts running through his head, and it was difficult to pinpoint just one. How was he still alive? Voldemort had been hell bent on killing him. Where was Cedric? How had he gotten here? What was going on? Had it all been a nightmare? No…He remembered it too vividly. It couldn't have been just a nightmare. Voldemort was really back. He had to tell Professor Dumbledore. He had to tell everyone. He was just going to say it when something stopped him and he cursed himself internally. Why was it so difficult? Sirius's voice brought his thoughts to a pause, "You bled a lot, Harry… It's okay to feel a little disoriented." He'd bled a lot? How did that happen? It didn't make any sense… Harry opened his eyes and stared at Sirius in confusion. Sirius frowned as he probably realized he didn't remember and then spoke, "The spider injured your leg. You passed out from the blood loss." Harry pulled the covers away from his leg to take a look and sure enough his leg was bandaged. Sirius reset the covers and took his hand, "Harry… Are you okay?" Harry could only nod as he tried to discern fiction from reality… Nothing was making any sense and it was making his head spin…Had he really just dreamt about Voldemort's resurrection? No. It had been too real… The pain had been too real. Voldemort had been too real. He'd felt him… talked to him… He could still hear Voldemort's voice inside his head…The feel of his wand pressed against his forehead… The conviction in his voice when he'd agreed to fulfil his request… He finally asked, "Who won then?" Silence greeted his question and Harry watched the way everyone's expressions changed. Finally, Professor Dumbledore spoke, "No one won." Harry looked at Sirius so that he could elaborate, and Sirius didn't disappoint him, "No one managed to reach the cup." Harry furrowed his brow as he struggled to comprehend the meaning behind Sirius's words. The cup had been in its place then, "Not even Cedric?" Even saying his name out loud hurt but Harry was hoping against hope that everything had just been a nightmare and Cedric was still alive. Sirius gripped his hand tight as Professor Dumbledore spoke, "Mr. Diggory died from a fatal blow to his chest by the spider." Harry could only gape in surprise. Cedric was dead… Cedric was still dead and they were saying that he'd died because of the spider when that wasn't the case. Cedric had died because of a killing curse. Cedric had died because of him and he wanted to scream that fact out for the world to know. But something kept him quiet…Something kept him silent… Where had all these lies come from? Why had Voldemort spared him? Why had he returned him? Where was Voldemort? His head ached from the questions…from the uncertainties… from the lies and false stories that he was slowly becoming a part of. He couldn't understand why he was protecting Voldemort because that was what he was doing by not speaking up. Or rather, maybe he was protecting himself…Protecting himself from the blame that he would have to shoulder when the world would find out that Cedric had died because of him. Maybe he was just being selfish. He closed his eyes as Madam Pomfrey spoke, "He needs rest. You lot need to give him some space." Harry felt Sirius touch his cheek, "You're going to be okay, Harry." Harry doubted it. Nothing was okay. Everything felt like it was in tatters. His morality was in tatters. What had Voldemort done to him? He covered his face with his arm as he heard Sirius get up and walk away, followed by Professor Dumbledore and Mad Eye. Harry focused on the clunking of his wooden leg against the floor as he walked away until he couldn't hear it. The silence was even more jarring, and he couldn't stand it. Madam Pomfrey spoke softly, "I can get you something to help you with your sleep." Harry removed his arm from his face and looked at her, "That would be nice, Madam Pomfrey." Harry watched as she conjured a bottle filled with purple liquid and a goblet. She filled the goblet and handed it to him. Harry sat up straight steadily and took the goblet with both hands before downing the contents and handing the empty goblet back. He felt himself becoming drowsy at once. Everything around him became hazy; the lamps around the hospital wing seemed to be winking at him in a friendly way. He laid down and his body felt as though it was sinking deeper into the warmth of the feather mattress. It was some hours later when he felt someone patting his cheek and speaking, "Its good that you kept your mouth shut, Potter. Make sure that you keep it that way. The Dark Lord will not be pleased if you announce his return… He did take mercy on you and spare you after all." Harry struggled to open his eyes, but his eyelids felt like they were made out of lead and his tongue felt like it was made of stone. His head was swimming from the effects of the potion and everything still felt foggy. But he still remembered what Voldemort had said in the graveyard… One of his death eaters were here at Hogwarts. He'd put his name in the Goblet of Fire… He'd turned the cup into a portkey… He'd delivered him to Voldemort… "Sleep, Potter… I'm supposed to ensure your well-being now." Before Harry could dwell on that anymore, his exhaustion had carried him off back to sleep.
Thanks a lot to everyone that is following this fanfic and favourited it. My gratitude to Gurgaraneth, erikablair for reviewing it. Your opinion matters a looooooooooooot to me. When he looked back, even a month later, Harry found he had few memories of the following days. It was as though he had been through too much to take in any more. The recollections he did have were very painful. The worst, perhaps, was the meeting with the Diggorys that took place the following morning so that they could inquire about his health. Mr Diggory sobbed through most of the interview. Mrs Diggory's grief seemed to be beyond tears, even though they both were trying very hard to hide it. And Harry found himself battling the urge to tell them that he was the reason their son was dead. He was the cause of all their grief. It was so difficult to bear how nice they were being to him. How concerned they were about his health. He didn't deserve it. He felt so unworthy of it. After that he'd been thoroughly interviewed by Dumbledore and he'd lied his way through it. The smoothness with which the falsehoods flowed off his tongue bothered him, and he wanted nothing more than to die at that point, but he didn't of course. The words he'd heard in that hazy state of mind somehow kept echoing inside his head all the time and he couldn't get rid of them, "Its good that you kept your mouth shut, Potter. Make sure that you keep it that way. The Dark Lord will not be pleased if you announce his return… He did take mercy on you and spare you after all." It felt like they were etched inside his head and he couldn't get rid of them no matter how hard he tried. But that was not the only thing that bothered him… The real thing that bothered him was that the death eater at Hogwarts had been told to ensure his well-being by Voldemort. Why would Voldemort want him to be fine? What would he gain by it? The man was supposed to hate him… He was supposed to kill him and he had the chance to kill him. Instead, here he was…Alive and well… It didn't make any sense…None of this made any sense… His utter confusion and self-loathing had caused him to grow detached from everyone. He couldn't bear being around Ron and Hermione because they always badgered him about what had happened that night and he was sick and tired of telling them the same lies over and over again. He couldn't bear being around people in general now. He preferred solitude and silence to the constant questions that followed him everywhere he went. They asked him if he'd seen Cedric get killed by the spider and he'd always said no… And saying that no took him all his strength and left him feeling drained and powerless. He was sick of reiterating the fact that he'd passed out from the blood loss before Cedric had arrived there. He was sick of the lies…He was sick of deceiving everyone…But most of all, he was sick of deceiving himself… Voldemort hadn't left him alive out of the goodness of his heart…There had to be a reason… And he was very certain that he was going to find out what it was very soon. The normality of everything further added to his frustration and he couldn't help but think what would have happened if he'd told everyone that Voldemort was back and Cedric had died from the killing curse… Everything would have been in chaos… Everyone would have been scared… Well maybe not quite everyone. He wasn't delusional enough to think that everyone would believe him but most people probably would since he was the bloody boy who lived and all that rubbish. If it were up to him, he wished he'd died that night as a baby. Maybe then Cedric would still have been alive now and he wouldn't be going through this confusion and guilt. His classes went on usual and the end of term just flew by until it was time to go back to Privet Drive for the summer. His trunk was packed; Hedwig was back in her cage on top of it. He, Ron and Hermione were waiting in the crowded Entrance Hall with the rest of the fourth-years for the carriages that would take them back to Hogsmeade station. It was more out of compulsion then out of friendship. He just wanted to be left alone but being alone would make him more noticeable and so he struggled to act as normal as possibly could without raising too much suspicion. It was another summer's day. He supposed that Privet Drive would be hot and leafy, its flowerbeds a riot of colour, when he arrived there that evening. The thought gave him no pleasure at all. Nothing gave him any pleasure at all… It was as if Voldemort had sapped every drop of happiness from his body and replaced it with guilt and puzzlement. The weather could not have been more different on the journey back to King's Cross than it had been on their way to Hogwarts the previous September. There wasn't a single cloud in the sky. Harry, Ron and Hermione had managed to get a compartment to themselves. Pigwidgeon was once again hidden under Ron's dress robes to stop him hooting continually; Hedwig was dozing, her head under her wing, and Crookshanks was curled up in a spare seat like a large, furry ginger cushion. Harry managed to participate in the conversations that were going on between them as the train sped them southwards and he was certain that he'd managed to convince Ron and Hermione that he was okay… Something weird happened though that significantly increased his doubts and reservations… He ran into Draco who was accompanied by Crabbe and Goyle as usual, when he stepped out of the compartment to buy snacks from the trolley. He knew for the fact that all their fathers had been present had Voldemort's rebirthing ceremony and it seemed they knew that he knew. Harry expected them to insult him or throw some snide remarks his way but the fear that crossed their faces at the sight of him was something he'd thought he'd never see. The way they rushed away from him bothered him more than their insults ever had. He was glad that Ron and Hermione hadn't witnessed that. The train reached the station and Uncle Vernon was waiting beyond the barrier. Mrs Weasley was close by him. She hugged him very tightly when she saw him, and whispered in his ear, "I think Dumbledore will let you come to us later in the summer. Keep in touch, Harry." No…As much as would have loved the idea a year ago…He didn't find it appealing now. Being around Mr and Mrs Weasley was only going to add to his guilt and make him feel more like a traitor than ever. Ron, clapped him on the back, "Bye, Harry!" Hermione did something she had never done before and kissed him on the cheek, "Take care of yourself." When he was done with goodbyes, he turned to Uncle Vernon, and followed him silently from the station. Somehow, now he felt more vulnerable than ever as he got into the back of the Dursleys' car. Every nerve in his body was screaming that Voldemort wasn't going to leave him free.
Thanks a lot to everyone that is following this fanfic and favourited it. My gratitude to Gurgaraneth, erikablair for reviewing it. Your opinion matters a looooooooooooot to me. It was a grand structure; all shiny, pitch black until he lifted the fall. And then the row of pure ivory keys marched into view. They shimmered in the sparkling light as if they were the moon on a starry night; bright, beautiful, and breath-taking. And the sound they created… oh the music they sang… It was more magical than magic itself. He took a seat on the red velvet cushioned stool and ran his fingers over the keys… It was a while since he'd played… Thirteen years to be exact… He wondered if he remembered how to play… It turned out that he did because only minutes later, his fingers were flying over the keys, producing a hauntingly dark melody that echoed off the stone walls and grew more impactful. It was so easy to lose himself into the music…So easy to simply set everything aside and focus on the composition that he was playing. It was almost cathartic as he poured all his darkness into the keys and watched the piano turn it into something mesmerizingly beautiful. He felt melancholic as the composition began to wind down and as he struck the final note, he felt anywhere near satiated, but it would have to suffice for now. There were things that he needed to tend to…Matters that he had to handle… Plans that needed to be made and issues that needed to be resolved… Issues… There were several of them but there was only one among them that truly irked him. He rose from the stool and strode out of the room. He had been about to turn this castle into his headquarters when fate had intervened. He had declared this castle as his headquarters two days ago. But in addition to being his headquarters… this was his home and he preferred the silence that inhabited it to the noise of the death eaters. That was why…they were not allowed to be here unless summoned. He made his way to his library that also served as his study room. It was perhaps his most favorite part of the castle. His ebony desk shone in the light from the crystal chandeliers but that was not what caught his attention…No… His attention was claimed by the glass flask filled with the silvery contents that swirled inside and gleamed wickedly. The memories he'd taken from the boy before sparing him. He wondered why he had done that? Taken his memories and then spared him… It hardly made any sense, but he had learned long ago that not all decisions needed to make sense…. In fact, some of the most sensible decisions made no sense whatsoever… And that had been proven correct when he'd gone through the boy's memories. He had not been expecting Dumbledore to leave him at the mercy of his muggle relatives, who by the looks of it, despised magic with a passion… If anything, he had presumed that the boy would have been raised as nothing less than a prince. The boy's miserable childhood had disappointed him and somewhat dampened his need for revenge. But his need for revenge had only been dampened…it had not been erased completely. He had plans for him. So far, the boy had proved that he could keep his mouth shut and he had also proved that he had not taken his mercy lightly. Barty had been keeping an eye on him at Hogwarts and had provided him with regular updates on him. He had strictly ordered him to ensure the boy's well being and silence him if he even attempted to speak up about his return. He had been pleased to know that the boy hadn't even attempted to say anything… Not even once… He was slightly impressed with the boy's ability to lie. It proved that he wasn't in Dumbledore's power as much as he'd originally assumed, which would only serve his plans all the more in the long term. Another thing that he'd learned from the boy's memories was the destruction of one of his horcruxes… His Diary… He'd left it in Lucius's care expecting him to protect it with his life. He had hugely misjudged his loyalty and had vowed never to make that mistake again while he'd punished Lucius for his carelessness. The boy had returned to his muggle relatives today to spend his summer holidays. He had all the intentions to keep him under surveillance there as well. The boy would prove to be very useful to his cause in the future. He walked towards the desk and picked up the glass flask, running his finger over the cold, smooth surface as he stared at the silvery contents. He was going to make the boy pay for all the years he'd lost… He was going to make him suffer for every day he'd spent as a shapeless, formless creature… He was going to change him…distort him… corrupt him… so much so that he wasn't going to be able to recognize himself… He already had a head start on that front. The boy had gone against his inherent nature as he'd forced himself into silence and deceived everyone into believing the lies that he had planted. He was well aware of the turmoil the boy was going through and that was his first punishment…The mental torment, his deception was causing him would continue to gnaw at him from the inside. He had successfully stolen the boy's peace of mind, but this was only the first step. He intended to steal a lot more from him…He was going to strip him bare of anything that brought him comfort. He was going to snatch away every thing, every person, every moral value that he held so dear and the best part was… The best part was that the boy was going to aid him in it… He was going to cooperate with him… He was going to actively partake in his own destruction…
Thanks a lot to everyone that is following this fanfic and favourited it. My gratitude to Gurgaraneth, erikablair for reviewing it. Your opinion matters a looooooooooooot to me. He had hidden himself behind a large hydrangea bush this evening, he was quite invisible to passers-by. In fact, the only way he would be spotted was if his Uncle Vernon or Aunt Petunia stuck their heads out of the living-room window and looked straight down into the flowerbed below. On the whole, he thought he was to be congratulated on his idea of hiding here. He was not, perhaps, very comfortable lying on the hot, hard earth but, on the other hand, nobody was glaring at him, grinding their teeth so loudly that he could not hear the news, or shooting nasty questions at him, as had happened every time he had tried sitting down in the living room to watch television with his aunt and uncle. The opening notes of the music that heralded the seven o'clock news reached Harry's ears and his stomach turned over. Perhaps tonight…after two weeks of waiting… would be the night, "Record numbers of stranded holidaymakers fill airports as the Spanish baggage-handlers' strike reaches its second week…" Uncle Vernon snarled over the end of the newsreader's sentence, "Give 'em a lifelong siesta, I would, but no matter…" Outside in the flowerbed, Harry's stomach seemed to unclench. If anything had happened, it would surely have been the first item on the news; death and destruction were more important than stranded holidaymakers. He let out a long, slow breath and stared up at the brilliant blue sky. Every day this summer had been the same: the tension, the expectation, the temporary relief, and then mounting tension again … and always, growing more insistent all the time, the question of why nothing had happened yet… Why was Voldemort so quiet? It wasn't as if he wanted to do something because surely if he did, the blame would all be his… If Voldemort decided to go on a killing spree with his death eaters…That would be entirely his fault because he'd sealed his mouth shut like a coward and failed to alert everyone to the threat just looming out of view in the shadows. Voldemort was out there, and Harry was fairly certain that his silence wasn't because the man had decided to denounce his old ways and gone into retirement… Evil Dark Lords didn't do that… No…Voldemort was planning something big and Harry feared the day he would put his plans into action. Harry opened his eyes. there was going to be nothing else worth hearing. He rolled cautiously on to his front and raised himself on to his knees and elbows, preparing to crawl out from under the window. He had moved about two inches when several things happened in very quick succession. A loud, echoing crack broke the sleepy silence like a gunshot; a cat streaked out from under a parked car and flew out of sight; a shriek, a bellowed oath and the sound of breaking china came from the Dursleys' living room, and as though this was the signal Harry had been waiting for he jumped to his feet, at the same time pulling from the waistband of his jeans a thin wooden wand as if he were unsheathing a sword… but before he could draw himself up to full height, the top of his head collided with the Dursleys' open window. The resultant crash made Aunt Petunia scream even louder. Harry felt as though his head had been split in two. Eyes streaming, he swayed, trying to focus on the street to spot the source of the noise, but he had barely staggered upright when two large purple hands reached through the open window and closed tightly around his throat, "Put – it – away!" Uncle Vernon snarled into Harry's ear, "Now! Before… anyone… sees!" Harry gasped, "Get… off… me!" For a few seconds they struggled, Harry pulling at his uncle's sausage-like fingers with his left hand, his right maintaining a firm grip on his raised wand; then, as the pain in the top of Harry's head gave a particularly nasty throb, Uncle Vernon yelped and released Harry as though he had received an electric shock. It was as some invisible force seemed to have surged through him, making it impossible to hold him. Panting, Harry fell forwards over the hydrangea bush, straightened up and stared around. There was no sign of what had caused the loud cracking noise, but there were several faces peering through various nearby windows. Harry stuffed his wand hastily back into his jeans and tried to look innocent, "Lovely evening!" Shouted Uncle Vernon, waving at Mrs Number Seven opposite, who was glaring from behind her net curtains. He had decided that this was his chance to escape. Before the Dursleys could call him back, he had wheeled about, crossed the front lawn, stepped over the low garden wall and was striding off up the street. He was in trouble now and he knew it. He would have to face his aunt and uncle later, but he didn't care very much just at the moment; he had much more pressing matters on his mind. Harry was sure the cracking noise had been made by someone Apparating or Disapparating. It was exactly the sound Dobby the house-elf made when he vanished into thin air. Was it possible that Dobby was here in Privet Drive? Could Dobby be following him right at this very moment? As this thought occurred, he wheeled around and stared back down Privet Drive, but it appeared to be completely deserted and Harry was sure that Dobby did not know how to become invisible. A darker possibility crossed his mind… Was Voldemort here? Harry snorted at his own naivety. If Voldemort was here, he'd probably feel his presence. No…Voldemort wasn't here but maybe he was having a death eater follow him. Maybe he'd sent a death eater to get him. He walked on, hardly aware of the route he was taking, for he had pounded these streets so often lately that his feet carried him to his favourite haunts automatically. Every few steps he glanced back over his shoulder. Someone magical…Possibly a death eater had been near him as he lay among Aunt Petunia's dying begonias, he was sure of it. But if it was a death eater then why hadn't they done anything? He couldn't understand why Voldemort would send a death eater to simply follow him around… It didn't make any sense. And then, as his feeling of frustration peaked, his certainty leaked away. Perhaps it hadn't been a magical sound after all. Perhaps he was so desperate for the tiniest sign of contact from the world to which he belonged that he was simply overreacting to perfectly ordinary noises. Could he be sure it hadn't been the sound of something breaking inside a neighbour's house? Harry felt a dull, sinking sensation in his stomach and before he knew it the feeling of hopelessness that had plagued him all summer rolled over him once again. Tomorrow morning, he would be woken by the alarm at five o'clock so he could pay the owl that delivered the Daily Prophet… He only ever looked at it to ascertain if Voldemort hadn't surfaced. The fear he felt when he unrolled the paper to look at the first page was indescribable and the relief that washed through him when he saw that it was only normal news was pure bliss. But that bliss never lasted long because the fear came back…stronger than before and all the more potent as it overwhelmed him. Voldemort was going to act one day. What would he do then? Ron and Hermione wrote to him regularly, but their letters brought him no comfort. If anything, they only served to alleviate his guilt and left him feeling horrible. His mind drifted back to the question that had been haunting him since the night he'd woken up in the hospital wing and realized that Voldemort had allowed him to live… What was Voldemort going to do to him? For a moment all the memories from the graveyard flashed in front of his eyes. Don't think about that He told himself sternly for the hundredth time that summer. It was bad enough that he kept revisiting the graveyard in his nightmares, without dwelling on it in his waking moments too. He turned a corner into Magnolia Crescent and turned into Magnolia Road and headed towards the darkening play park. Harry vaulted over the locked park gate and set off across the parched grass. The park was as empty as the surrounding streets. When he reached the swings he sank on to the only one that Dudley and his friends had not yet managed to break, coiled one arm around the chain and stared moodily at the ground. He would not be able to hide in the Dursleys' flowerbed again. Tomorrow, he would have to think of some fresh way of listening to the news. In the meantime, he had nothing to look forward to but another restless, disturbed night, because even when he escaped the nightmares about Cedric he had unsettling dreams about long dark corridors, all finishing in dead ends and locked doors, which he supposed had something to do with the trapped feeling he had when he was awake. The sultry, velvety night fell around him, the air full of the smell of warm, dry grass, and the only sound was that of the low grumble of traffic on the road beyond the park railings. He didn't know how long he had sat on the swing before the sound of voices interrupted his musings and he looked up. The streetlamps from the surrounding roads were casting a misty glow strong enough to silhouette a group of people making their way across the park. One of them was singing a loud, crude song. The others were laughing. A soft ticking noise came from several expensive racing bikes that they were wheeling along. Harry knew who those people were. The figure in front was unmistakeably his cousin, Dudley Dursley, wending his way home, accompanied by his faithful gang. Dudley was as vast as ever, but a year's hard dieting and the discovery of a new talent had wrought quite a change in his physique. As Uncle Vernon delightedly told anyone who would listen, Dudley had recently become the Junior Heavyweight Inter-School Boxing Champion of the Southeast. 'The noble sport', as Uncle Vernon called it, had made Dudley even more formidable than he had seemed to Harry in their primary school days when he had served as Dudley's first punchball. He wasn't remotely afraid of his cousin any more but he still didn't think that Dudley learning to punch harder and more accurately was cause for celebration. Neighbourhood children all around were terrified of him… even more terrified than they were of 'that Potter boy' who, they had been warned, was a hardened hooligan and attended St Brutus's Secure Centre for Incurably Criminal Boys. Harry watched the dark figures crossing the grass and wondered who they had been beating up tonight. Look around… Harry found himself thinking as he watched them. Come on … look round … I'm sitting here all alone … come and have a go … If Dudley's friends saw him sitting here, they would be sure to make a beeline for him, and what would Dudley do then? He wouldn't want to lose face in front of the gang, but he'd be terrified of provoking Harry … it would be really fun to watch Dudley's dilemma, to taunt him, watch him, with him powerless to respond … and if any of the others tried hitting Harry, he was ready – he had his wand. Let them try … he'd love to vent some of his frustration on the boys who had once made his life hell. As they got closer, Harry could hear snippets of their conversation, "He squealed like a pig, didn't he? " "Yeah, brilliant punch, Big D." "Did you see his face?" "This one deserved it." And then they were standing inches away from him and Harry couldn't resist as he spoke, "'Hey, Big D!" Dudley turned his attention to him as he grunted, "Oh… It's you." Harry grinned cheekily, "How long have you been "Big D" then?" Dudley snarled as he turned away and back towards his friends. "Shut it." Gordon spoke up, "Maybe you ought to teach your cousin a lesson, Big D." Harry's grinned widened, "It's a cool name… but you'll always be "Ickle Diddykins" to me." Dudley turned back to face him, "I said, SHUT IT!" Harry noticed that his ham-like hands had curled into fists. Harry looked past him, towards his friends before getting up from the swing and approaching him. Then he whispered conspiratorially in his ear, "Don't the boys know that's what your mum calls you?" Dudley snapped, "Shut your face." Harry teased, "You don't tell her to shut her face. What about "Popkin" and "Dinky Diddydums", can I use them then?" Dudley said nothing. The effort of keeping himself from hitting him seemed to demand all his self-control. He allowed his grin to fade as he inquired, "So, who've you been beating up tonight?' Another ten-year-old? I know you did Mark Evans two nights ago…" Dudley snarled, "He was asking for it." Harry batted his eyelashes as he feigned confusion, "Oh yeah?" Dudley bit out, "He cheeked me." Harry stepped closer to him, 'Yeah? Did he say you look like a pig that's been taught to walk on its hind legs? Because that's not cheek, Dud, that's true." A muscle was twitching in Dudley's jaw. It gave Harry enormous satisfaction to know how furious he was making Dudley; he felt as though he was siphoning off his own frustration into his cousin, the only outlet he had… His friends were yelling at him to beat the living daylight out of him, but Harry knew that Dudley was too scared of his wand. Maybe that wasn't prepared for the dark smirk that crossed his face as he spoke, "Well, you're one to talk. Moaning in your sleep every night? At least I'm not afraid of my pillow…Don't kill Cedric… Who's Cedric, your boyfriend?" Harry felt his cheeks warm up. He hadn't known he'd been loud enough in his nightmares that Dudley had been able to hear him, "Shup up." Dudley chuckled darkly as he grabbed him by the front of his shirt and continued his taunting, "He's going to kill me, Mum…Where is your mum? Where is your mum, Potter? She dead? Is she dead?" Harry felt absolutely mortified. Just how loud had he been during his nightmares? How much had Dudley heard? He was about to retort when he felt Dudley's friends restrain him. He struggled to break free…struggled to move but their hold was just too strong…If only his arms were free so that he could get to his wand. Dudley raised his fist and was about to punch him when Harry closed his eyes reflexively…But the pain he'd been expecting didn't come as an unfamiliar voice spoke loudly, "You'll leave him alone if you know what's best for you."
hanks a lot to everyone that is following this fanfic and favourited it. My gratitude to Gurgaraneth, erikablair for reviewing it. Your opinion matters a looooooooooooot to me. Harry saw the look of absolute fear that crossed Dudley's face as his arm fell. That look could only be caused by one thing… The person standing behind him was holding a wand. Dudley took a couple of staggering steps back and spoke hoarsely, "Let's go guys." Gordon yelled, "I say that we beat the hell out of him." Dudley's face was flushed with a mixture of humiliation and rage as he spoke, "LET'S GO NOW!" Harry was dropped roughly on the ground as Dudley ran out of the park with his friends trailing behind him. Harry rose to his feet and dusted off his clothes before turning around and coming face to face with an ethereally handsome man. He had sharp cheekbones, dark brown eyes, voracious red lips, an aquiline nose and dark inky black hair that was tied at his nape with a black silk ribbon. He was dressed in a royal blue three piece pinstripe suit that looked like it had been sewn on him. He should have looked out of place in this dusty park, but he stood there like he owned it. The man was exuding pure power and Harry felt that power resonate throughout his body. He had an air of regal supremacy about him and Harry couldn't stop the words that tumbled out of his mouth, "Who are you?" The man's lips curled into a smile and he simply regarded him for a moment before speaking, "We have already met." His voice was velvety smooth and so very deep. Harry broke free of the trance; the voice had cast over him and tried to make sense of the words. He would have remembered meeting someone like him. The man took a few steps closer to him and Harry resisted the urge to take a few steps back, "I don't know you." The man chuckled in amusement like he'd just heard a really good joke and then said, "Have you truly forgotten me? Do I not plague all your thoughts? Do I not haunt your nightmares?" Harry couldn't hold back the gasp that escaped his lips as realization struck him like a bolt of lightening and turned his thoughts to ash… Fear took control of his body and every part of him was yelling at him to run but in between his flight and fight instinct…fight won and Harry damned his own foolish bravery, "V…" Voldemort clamped his hand clamped tight over his mouth as he closed the remaining distance between them and grabbed him around the waist as he held him in place. The pain Harry had been expecting at Voldemort's touch didn't come…In fact, his scar was supposed to hurt just by being in his presence, but it wasn't… Voldemort looked like a normal human being… He sounded like a normal human being… He felt like a normal human being…Except for there was nothing normal about him or this. He felt more powerful than he had that night. He was no longer the snake like human he remembered unless… "You will address me as Sir or Master." Voldemort's words dragged him out of his thoughts and he shook his head mutely. Voldemort laughed darkly before Harry felt the overwhelming pain that sparked to life inside him. It started like a small burning, tingling sensation in the pit of his stomach and spread throughout his body, growing all the more intense and all consuming. It felt like his insides were being doused in acid and he couldn't breathe… His screamed but they were muffled by Voldemort's hand. His knees gave out but Voldemort held him up. He kicked his feet involuntarily as his body writhed in Voldemort's hold while he screamed in agony. Voldemort held on tight to him through it all and then the pain ended as soon as it had started and Harry found himself leaning completely against Voldemort's body as he fought to catch his breath, "Must I repeat myself, Harry?" Harry tried to push away from Voldemort, but his knees weakened, and he was about to fall when Voldemort grabbed him again, "Harry… It shall give me immense pleasure to repeat that." Harry managed to stand up on his feet as he panted, "What do you want from me?" A truly demonic grin lit up Voldemort's face as he spoke, "I believe the more relevant question is… What do I want for you?" Harry ran a hand over his face shakily as he struggled to compose himself. His body was trembling uncontrollably, and he was having a hard time standing upright. He struggled to speak but his head was spinning, and it was difficult to grab onto a single thought let alone put it into words. Voldemort grabbed him by his upper arms and spoke, "Harry… Look at me." Harry closed his eyes but forced them open when his brain replayed the pain, he'd just experienced. Voldemort patted him on the cheek and whispered softly, "Good boy… Now how shall you address me?" Harry gnashed his teeth as he bit back the insults that were sitting on the tip of his tongue. A pleased smirk lit up Voldemort's face as he spoke, "You're more sensible than I originally thought." He released him and Harry felt himself sway on the spot before he reached blindly and grabbed a hold of the swing pole, "You must wonder why I spared you that night…" Harry couldn't help but nod reluctantly as his curiosity took control of him. Voldemort tapped his finger against his lips before speaking, "That is something for me to know and you to find out, Harry." Harry glared at him and focused every bit of disdain he felt into it. Voldemort merely shrugged as he spoke, "I am not a slave to your whims, Harry… Rather you are a slave to mine now."
Thanks a lot to everyone that is following this fanfic and favourited it. My gratitude to Gurgaraneth, erikablair for reviewing it. Your opinion matters a looooooooooooot to me. He was skinny, bespectacled and had the pinched, slightly unhealthy look of someone who had grown a lot in a short space of time. His jeans were torn and dirty, his T-shirt baggy and faded, and the soles of his trainers were peeling away from the uppers. The only thing mildly attractive about him was his emerald green eyes and his raven black hair. He had grown slightly weaker and looked paler than the last time he'd seen him in the graveyard. He watched him as he stood there, leaning heavily against the swing pole as he fought to catch his breath after the pain he'd inflicted on him. He stepped closer to him and felt satisfaction blossom in his heart as he watched the way the boy flinched. He hadn't meant to confront him today… He had simply wanted to watch him. But the situation had forced him to reveal himself. The right to hurt the boy belonged to him and him alone…Physically, mentally and emotionally. He was not going to allow anyone to steal that right from him. The boy attempted to back away as he stepped into his personal space but the pole kept him in place long enough for him to grab a hold of his chin and tilt his head back to reveal his neck and the purplish finger sized bruises that had blossomed there. He didn't have a doubt in his mind regarding the identity of the person to whom those fingers belonged to. He had seen the boy's memories enough time to know that his uncle had a knack for strangling him. The boy's cheeks flushed with humiliation as he no doubt realized what he was examining and squeezed his eyes shut. He traced the bruises with his free hand and pressed on them slightly just so he could savour the way, the boy's features scrunched up with pain. The boy's breath hitched in his throat as he moved his hand away from his neck and then without warning, he snatched his wand from the back pocket of his jeans. That seemed to have penetrated the web of fear he'd spun around the boy because the boy immediately protested, "You can't have that…Give it back." The boy's naiveté was endearing. The fact that he still believed he had some control over his circumstances told him everything he needed to know about the boy's ignorance. He spun his wand between his fingers as he grabbed the boy around his throat, "What did I just tell you, Harry?" The boy's eyes were glowing with helpless frustration as he no doubt struggled to decide his next course of action. He applied a little pressure on his throat to constrict his breathing and spoke, "Choose your words very wisely." The boy's adam's apple bobbed underneath his palm as he gulped. When it became evident that the boy wasn't going to say anything, he spoke, "Good… Your well-being relies heavily on your silence." He loosened his grip on his throat and then inquired, "What caused these bruises?" Uncertainty flashed through the boy's eyes and flitted across his face. It was amusing… The way the boy's thoughts showed on his face was highly amusing, "I expect an answer now, Harry." The boy cleared his throat before speaking hoarsely, "Nothing." He feigned disappointment and tsked, "I want the truth." Once again, he saw a mixture of helplessness and frustration flood the boy's eyes before he spoke, "My Uncle…" It was not difficult for him to act surprised as he spoke, "Your Uncle did that to you?" The boy nodded slightly as he looked utterly embarrassed. He waved his wand in front of his eyes and then inquired, "Why did you not use your wand to protect yourself?" The boy mumbled nonsense about magical laws and he resisted the urge to strike him. It seemed he had a lot of work to do before the boy was anywhere near what he had imagined for him, He closed his eyes as he tightened his hold on the boy's wand and felt it…The trace that had been placed on it. It would certainly alert the ministry if the boy cast any spell in the muggle world. It would also alert them if he attempted to remove it. Opening his eyes, he slipped the wand between the boy's numb fingers and spoke, "Why do you even keep it with you when you cannot use it?" The boy lowered his gaze in defeat and then sighed, "It's not my fault that I have to spend my summers here…" He gripped his chin tight just to remind him what he had missed, and the boy quickly realized his mistake and added, "Sir…" He loosened his hold and chuckled darkly, "You are a fast learner. That shall definitely help." He took a step away from him and regarded the boy again. Everything about his posture screamed that he'd admitted his defeat and surrendered to his will…. At least for the moment. That was more progress than he had intended. He released his chin altogether and took a couple of steps away from him. The boy hastily replaced his wand in the pocket of his jeans and then inquired, "Help with that, Sir?" He laughed at that, "You shall know everything in due time. In the meantime, I want you to ponder why you are here." Puzzlement clouded the boy's expressions as he asked, "Here?" He nodded, "Yes… You just stated that it is not your fault that you have to spend your summers here… I want you to think about whose fault it actually is. I shall expect an answer with logical reasonings, the next we meet." The boy twisted his hands nervously and it was so easy to see the fear that overtook him. Good…He wanted him to be afraid… Leaving the boy to his thoughts, he disapparated.
