Prologue- Tap, Tap, Tap… Tap, Tap, Tap. Just a few more and they'll be back again. Tap, Tap, Tap. They're coming. They always come. Tap, Tap, Tap. Yes, the screams are starting. Tap, Tap, Tap. The plan. Remember the plan. Tap, Tap, Tap. "I have to warn you Minister…" Tap, Tap, Tap. "…he may not be right in the head. He's been silent for a while." Tap, Tap, Tap. Ooh, this is interesting. Are they talking about little old me? Tap, Tap, Tap. "We can't keep him in here much longer…" Tap, Tap, Tap. "…not when he's innocent. And worse the rest of the…" Tap, Tap, Tap. "…wizarding world knows it." Tap, Tap, Tap. Clink. Tap, Tap, Tap. The cell door dragged open. Tap, Tap, Tap. "Hello Minister. Guard Jenkins." Tap, Tap, Tap. "Ah," the man stuttered. "Ha…Harry, my boy. Dreadfully sorry about all this terrible business." Tap, Tap, Tap. "Apologies?" He giggled. "Ooh, it's too late for that Minister. How old was I when you first sent me here?" Tap, Tap, Tap. "S…six." Tap, Tap, Tap. "And how old am I now?" Tap, Tap, Tap. "E…Eleven tomorrow," the Minister paled dramatically, making Harry cock his head to the side. Tap, Tap, Tap. "Five years," he tutted. "Tut, tut." Tap, Tap, Tap. "New evidence on your case has come up. It wasn't you." Tap, Tap, Tap. A maniacal grin twisted itself onto the boy's face. Tap, Tap, Tap. "Really?" he drawled slowly. Tap, Tap, Tap. The Minister swallowed. Tap, Tap, Tap. "I'll…I'll explain more when we get back to the mainland." Tap, Tap, Tap. He stood up. Tap, Tap, Tap. "Better get going then, shouldn't we Minister?" Tap, Tap, Tap. "Y…Yes." Tap, Tap, Tap. "After you." Tap, Tap, Tap. The pathetic, cowering man shuffled out of the cell; he found it adorable. Tap, Tap, Tap. Guard Jenkins cocked his head to side. Time to go. Tap, Tap, Tap. Harry stood and strolled easily out of the cell, giving a short salute to his fellow inmates. Tap, Tap, Tap. Out of the high security… Tap, Tap, Tap. Out. Out. Out. Tap, Tap, Tap. He stepped into the boat and looked back. Tap, Tap, Tap. The green eyes froze over, a threatening light glinting behind the frozen sheets. Tap, Tap, Tap. "I'll come back for you," he whispered. Tap, Tap, Tap. "I'll come back, by magic I do swear…" Tap, Tap, Tap. "We'll reign in Darkness…" Tap, Tap, Tap. "Fealty to Him, by magic I do swear…" Tap, Tap, Tap. "The Dark Lord will rise again…" Tap, Tap, Tap. "To this, by magic I do swear…" Tap, Tap, Tap. "I'll come back for you girlie…" Tap, Tap, Tap. "We'll kill them all, by magic I do swear." The tapping stopped. Small rewrite that consists of grammar, spelling errors because I'm tired of the reviews of get a beta so shut it. Continuation of the HazelVex's Child of Azkaban.
Chapter 1- Tick, Tick, Tick The world sped by as the train flew across the tracks through the countryside. London had melted away hours ago, being shortly replaced with the beginnings of the Scottish countryside. Moors, lakes, mountainous hills, rivers, all insignificant specks on the landscapes when it came to looking to what the train's destination actually was, or rather, the final destination of the students on board. Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He wasn't sure how he felt about this. On one hand he was glad, he had chance to learn and would have access to the school's extensive library that would only seek to aid him in his mission. But on the other he would be surrounded by children who didn't even know the meaning of the word hardship, who were incompetent and whiny. He wasn't even able to escape the unfortunate accident that was his twin brother; Saeviour. Saeviour Sirius Potter; The-Boy-Who-Lived; his older twin; the saviour of the wizarding world; the boy destined to defeat the Dark Lord. Harry snorted. He had seen the boy's magical aura and it was pathetic, barely even reaching that of an average wizard and added to the brat's work ethic, the wizarding world was damned. But Harry preferred it that way. It was just one less thing to worry about. He had a mission to do, he would not become distracted by years of bitterness and hate. He had to get her out; them out. And there was only one person who could help him do that and if the whispers were anything to go by, he was still alive but close to dying. He just had to find him. And restore him to full strength. This in itself wasn't easy as it would most likely involve him sneaking out of the castle undetected; ergo he had to get rid of the trace; ergo, he would be visiting the restricted section of the library and taking part in highly illegal activities. Including those that involved finding the Chamber of Secrets and seeing if Slytherin had left behind any books that may have been of use, but, that was sort of a side project for now. He looked up as the compartment door opened and saw a blonde standing in the frame. It took him a moment but he identified the boy as a Malfoy, and if Lestrange's insane ramblings was anything to go by, their only son and heir. Resisting the urge to roll his eyes, he instead rolled up his sleeves and gave a small nod of his head towards the young Malfoy. The blonde smirked and walked in, sitting down across from him. "So Azkaban didn't erase you of your manners then," he drawled. Harry gave him a cool look. "No, if anything they have improved. The Dementors are very nasty when they don't get their way." And Bellatrix, he added in his head but didn't think the blonde would like that extra comment very much, Lestrange being his aunt and all. "Tell me, did you ever see my aunt?" the Malfoy questioned. "Bellatrix Lestrange, perhaps you've heard of her?" "Of course," Harry said, his voice clearly bored. "We shared a cell for some time, although she got moved to the one opposite after they caught us duelling." The Malfoy's eyebrows rose with such speed Harry wondered how they had not just shot off his face. "Duelling?" "Well there wasn't much else to do," Harry said dryly. "Except have your happiest memories sucked out by the prison guards." "No, of course not," Malfoy said quickly. "I apologise; it was tactless of me." Harry shrugged before holding out his hand, "Scion Harrison Potter, although I'd beg you to ignore the Potter bit." Malfoy looked at him curiously, shaking the hand. "Heir Draco Malfoy, but you can call me Draco, Scion Potter." "In that case, you may call me Harry." They sat in silence for a few minutes, during which Harry returned to his book, but his attention never left Draco Malfoy, he seemed to be squirming over something. Slowly closing the book, he narrowed his eyes. "If there is something you wish to ask, please, go ahead and ask." "Were there any other prisoners our age?" Draco blurted, seemingly unable to control himself. "No," Harry said softly. "But there was one younger…" Draco's eyes looked horrified. "Who…who were they?" "Elladora Cynthia Lestrange." Harry turned his head away, staring out at the world rushing past. "I'd rather not talk about this anymore…" "Just one more question," Draco said. "Please, I have to know…" Harry studied him; a Malfoy never begged. "Just one," he conceded. "What did she do?" The question hung in the air, as Harry looked at the blonde for a long time. "Are you sure you want to know?" Draco nodded. "When her parents were captured she was taken from Lestrange Manor by Albus Dumbledore," Harry said, his voice completely neutral; giving away nothing. "She was placed in a muggle orphanage. She was labelled as a freak, a demon, and her magic reacted badly when they tried to cleanse her; she killed seven muggles and two others were injured in the blast. She was three years old…" "Cleansed her?" Draco repeated warily. "Exorcism." "Shit. Harry gave him a half-hearted amused glance. "Shit indeed." They sat in silence. Harry continued reading his book but found he could not concentrate with the Malfoy Heir fidgeting uncomfortably before him. He snapped his fingers and a book appeared in his hand, which he promptly chucked at the heir. Draco caught it before snapping round to the ex-prisoner before him, his eyes angry. "What did you do that for?" "You looked uncomfortable," Harry said simply. "So I thought I'd lend you a book- no, scratch that- you can keep the book; it rightly belongs to you anyway." "Oh, thank you." Draco turned the book over and smirked slightly at the title. "The Tales of Beedle and Bard?" "It was Ella's favourite book," Harry said quietly. "That's her copy too, I thought you might like it." Draco stared at the slightly scuffed book in his hands. "You were allowed books in Azkaban?" he said hoarsely. "No," Harry said stiffly. "I have an eidetic memory. I used to tell them to her when she couldn't sleep." There was an uneasy pause in which the two just looked at each other; Harry broke it by curtly returning to his book. After a moment, Draco flipped open the cover of his own and began reading the children's stories that riddled his childhood. He wasn't sure what to make of Harry, but he knew one thing; Harry Potter cared for his cousin and had told him the truth- that was all he needed in his mind. . He sniffed at the unorganised chaos around him; the complete and utter lack of decorum. Students shoved this way and that, laughing loudly, shouting and whistling cat calls at the prettier girls. Only the Slytherins showed any signs of dignity and that in itself was a small mercy swamped by the other three houses. Clumped together before him were the quivering first years, all seemingly terrified of what awaited them. He snarled; they didn't even know the meaning of it. His twin stood right at the front, a cocky grin of superiority done wrong on his face. The-Boy-Who-Lived-To-Annoy-Him had a Weasley hanging off his every word as well as bushy haired girl that seemed to be spouting off a hundred facts per second as they followed the lumbering oaf with the lantern. Was this really what the most prestigious wizarding school in Europe had to offer? If it was, he was disgusted. He walked alongside Draco, who appeared, along with a few others, to share his thoughts. Although he could detect, behind the confident swagger, a trace of nerves. He supposed it was natural; no Malfoy had been put anywhere other than Slytherin. At least, that is what he had been led to believe. As they slipped and stumbled down a narrow path- Harry did no such thing and walked as though it was a perfectly even marble floor- the oaf continued to talk to them, his accent tainting his words enough for Harry to even question whether or not the man was speaking English. He supposed he was, considering he could at least pick out the gist of what he was saying. Something about Hogwarts being round the corner. And it was. The castle itself was a lot more impressive than the state of its students. Towers reached for the heavens, their windows glowing with golden warmth, and the old stone reached out with embedded magic, welcoming its children home. The only thing that stood between them and the castle was a crystal cut lake and little wooden boats without oars. Harry tensed; he could guess what was going to happen next. "No more than four ter a boat!" the oaf, Hagrid he believed he was called, roared over the heads. Harry had never been fond of water. He remembered all too strongly the storm in which he was brought to Azkaban and the aurors escorting him had taken far too much pleasure in allowing him to drown before they dragged him back out of the angry depths; he had been six years old. Six. And they had thought him a monster. He warily stepped into the boat, sitting down, straight backed- not allowing his unease to show. Draco and two beefy boys that looked like Dumber and Dumber 2 sat down in the boat with him, and they all waited for whatever came next. With a sudden lurch, the boats floated forwards; Hagrid's slowly sinking one leading the way. Harry just about stopped breathing. If he was anyone else, he would've burst into tears of relief as they touched the shore. But he wasn't. He did, however, allow himself to relax his muscles and a little sigh. And then it was all back; his posture, his mask and his 'mad' glint in his eyes. All part of the plan. They were led up flights of stone steps and into a small room, before being promptly abandoned to the fate of the stern emerald robed witch before them. She had a pinched face a grey hair that was scraped back tightly into a knot; Harry saw, unlike those around him, the kind flecks in her eyes and the lines around them that showed she was actually capable of smiling and laughing. But she still wasn't someone you wanted to mess with. "Welcome to Hogwarts," she said, eyeing them all with her neutral gaze. "Now, in a few moments you will pass through these doors and join your classmates, but before you take your seats, you must be sorted into your houses. They are Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Now while you're here, your house will be like your family. Your triumphs will earn you points. Any rule breaking, and you will lose points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup. "In a few minutes the Sorting Ceremony will begin- I suggest you smarten yourselves up a bit whilst you're waiting." Her eyes lingered on the smudge of dirt on Ron Weasley's nose and the hastily, incorrectly, clasped robe of Neville Longbottom's. Harry watched her leave through narrowed eyes before taking the opportunity to study his classmates. Ron Weasley was in robes that had been handed down one too many times and wore unfortunately visible battered trainers. Evidently he took little pride in his appearance and had a look about him that suggested laziness. A little behind him, prattling on at a hundred words a minute to his dear brother, was a bushy haired Mudblood; a Ravenclaw if he'd ever seen one. Although, she'd annoy even the bookworms with her obsession of reciting textbooks to ease her… A loud shriek interrupted his train of thought and he turned at more screams and gasps to see a group of ghosts floating through the wall. "They do this, every year," a hoarse, chilling voice said at his shoulder. Harry resisted the urge to flinch and turned his head to see another ghost, but perhaps the most haunting out of all of them. He was handsome though his face was of stone and his eyes a personal frozen over hell. His robes were stained and bloodied with a tear in that general area. "And what about you? Do you come to scare the first years every year?" Harry asked, keeping his voice neutral. "Not every year," the ghost said. "Only when it interests me." The ghost eyed him. "You are the epitome of my house, Scion Potter; you seem to be very carefully thought out." "Wouldn't want to give myself away now, do I?" he replied. "And your house?" "The Bloody Baron," the ghost introduced. "Ghost of Slytherin House." "I see…" Harry studied the ghost more closely, "Do you not have a name of your own?" "I did once but even that has got lost in time," the Baron said morosely. "I bid you farewell Scion Potter- I look forward to seeing you amongst my house." He watched the ghost go thoughtfully as the other spectres left, exiting through the opposite wall. He was not given much chance to think too much on the enigma, as the bane of his existence called up his name in conversation. "What? How could they even let him into the school?" the Mudblood whispered in horror. "The Ministry are claiming false-imprisonment," Saeviour informed the bookworm all too eagerly. "That a new light has come up on the case. But I know better…they should've left him to rot…" He felt his fists clench; his cold emeralds blazing like the fiery depths of hell of which many claimed he heralded from. The Avada Kedavra green curling and flicking, just begging to be allowed to have a go at the source of their anger, their hatred. "Perhaps they should have, dear brother," he interrupted coolly, earning a startled gasp from the Mudblood. "At least then I wouldn't have to put up with you, and…" he eyed the girl with disdain, "…your vapid companions. Surely the little Mudblood can form her own opinions rather than ooh and gasp at your less than stimulating conversation?" He almost laughed at the reaction he caused. He had no doubt that his gormless brother only understood the little derogatory word he had slipped in, whereas the Mudblood had understood everything except that. But whilst she fumed, Saeviour held a wand to his face; pitiful. "Mr Potter!" a stern voice snapped. "Put that away this instant." Growling, Saeviour did as he was told, turning to face the deputy headmistress. Professor McGonagall looked down at her soon to be lion, as The-Boy-Who-Forgot-To-Die could end up nowhere else, with somewhat forced anger. Her hardened eyes flickered to himself and he gave her a charming smile in return; she flinched. She had not forgotten what he had been falsely imprisoned for. "Form a line, quickly now," Professor McGonagall ordered, her wary eyes never leaving his. The crowd were quick to obey and pushed and shoved their way into a line; none of them wanted to be first. Harry dropped the gaze with the Deputy Headmistress, ducking his head to hide a scowl. He could not afford to live under suspicion just yet; it was rightly placed suspicion, but it wasn't wanted. Not in the slightest. "Follow me." The Great Hall was something to be held in the same light as the exterior view of the castle. The stone walls basked in the orange haze that was emitted in glowing waves from the tips of the candles that floated above the sea of black robes. Four long tables stood perpendicular to the table that sat the teachers on a raised platform; the students sitting at them divided into four houses; Gryffindor, the house of the brave; Hufflepuff, the house of the loyal; Ravenclaw, the house of the smart; Slytherin, the house of the cunning. Plates made from metals suiting the houses accordingly were lined up along with matching forks and goblets, waiting patiently for the feast to begin. Before the teachers' table was a rickety wooden stool, which upon sat a dirty hat and a roll of parchment. Professor McGonagall left them at a halt in-between the Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw houses, before stepping up to the stool and taking the roll of parchment into her hands. Then, the rip in the dirty old hat stretched open, and began to sing… "Oh you may not think I'm pretty, But don't judge on what you see, I'll eat myself if you can find A smarter hat than me. You can keep your bowlers black, Your top hats sleek and tall, For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting Hat And I can cap them all. There's nothing hidden in your head The Sorting Hat can't see, So try me on and I will tell you Where you ought to be. You might belong in Gryffindor, Where dwell the brave at heart, Their daring, nerve, and chivalry Set Gryffindors apart; You might belong in Hufflepuff, Where they are just and loyal, Those patient Hufflepuffs are true And unafraid of toil; Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw, if you've a ready mind, Where those of wit and learning, Will always find their kind; Or perhaps in Slytherin You'll make your real friends, Those cunning folks use any means To achieve their ends. So put me on! Don't be afraid! And don't get in a flap! You're in safe hands (though I have none) For I'm a Thinking Cap!" Harry just about resisted the urge to sneer as the Hat finished its song and the hall erupted into applause, though the Slytherins looked rather reluctant to do so. As the applause died out, Professor McGonagall lifted the Hat into the air, the parchment now unrolled and floating before her. "When I call your name," she began, her voice clear. "You will come forth to be sorted." After a moment's pause she continued. "Abbott, Hannah!" A blonde girl with pigtails nervously hurried forward and sat down on the stool. The hat was on her head for a mere few seconds before it called out, "HUFFLEPUFF!" Harry's gaze followed the new badger to the cheering table, before snapping back to the task at hand. Already more names were being called out, though Harry paid little attention. He was instead internally fretting on whether or not the Sorting Hat could give him away. He had faith in his Occlumency shields, of course, he was taught by the best Azkaban had to offer, but he was sure the four founders had thought of that little tit bit and found a way for the Hat to get past them with little difficulty. "Potter, Harrison!" The effect was instant as the hall fell into a cool silence and the lighting took on an eerie look. A smirk caused a twitch at the side of his mouth, and he allowed the madness within to cause a gleam in his eyes. He had a part to play after all. He walked with perfect, lither grace up to the rickety old stool and with a graceful twirl, he sat down. The Hat was lowered onto his head, blocking out the rest of the world with old, dirty material infused with a magic almost as old as the castle. The side of his mouth twitched again. "Can you tell anyone anything that you see in my mind?" He was straight to the point, there was no point dancing around the subject. The Hat would see it anyway. "No, that was one thing Rowena and Salazar was very clear on when they first made me," the Hat said. "I am sure that comes as a great relief to you, considering what you plan to do." "Of course," Harry answered. "But I feel anyone would be relieved to know that they're innermost thoughts could not be shared with the likes of the headmaster or their fellow students." "You were wronged at such a young age," the Hat murmured. "Normally I would say not to go about revenge but…I see the revenge you intend to bring about is something the wizarding world much needs. Many of the wizards and witches of old would turn in their graves at seeing how magic is shunned in these times." "It is truly disgusting," he agreed. "Muggleborns and the like have poisoned our world with their prejudiced ways for too long, just as weak minded individuals in power have bent over backwards to them for too long. I am sure I would be turning in my grave with them." "It is strange, don't you think, that they imprisoned you falsely for murder, but now that they have you released you, you intend to go about just that." "If they had wished me not to, they shouldn't have imprisoned me. Or perhaps I would have done so anyway simply because I had begun to loathe my parents even before my incarceration…That is something to muse about." "I would not spend too long on that," the Hat advised. "You already know that I shall send you to Slytherin, and I see you wish to seek out the Chamber. My advice is to seek out the man who made it first, for only he will be able to tell you where it is in the little time you have." "And how will I find him?" "Slytherins always stick to their own." "Hmm…" "It was a pleasure looking into your mind Scion Potter, it was certainly a refreshing change." "Glad my mind could be of service." "Remember my advice Scion Potter…" The Hat pulled out of his mind and shouted, "SLYTHERIN!" As the Hat was removed from his head by a trembling hand, he looked out upon the silent, still hall. Inclining his head to them all, he walked over to Slytherin table with the same grace he had walked up to the stool with, as they slowly began to clap, each move controlled and dignified. Harry allowed a smirk to grace his features. He had, after all, earnt it. Update: All grammar and spelling errors is gone, I believe.
Chapter 2- When Tomorrow Comes The feast, if that is what it was to be called, was underway. Riotous laughter and shouts could be heard from the Gryffindor table, cheerful exclamations from Hufflepuff, organised arguments from Ravenclaw and cool, perfect etiquette released little sound from Slytherin. They had a reputation to uphold. They would not lower themselves to such a level. It made a very, very real mad glint appear in his cold Avada-Kedavra eyes. His sleeves were rolled up to show he knew perfectly well that there were those around him of higher station than himself. The ghost of his smirk still lingered on his sharp, pale features. His back was straight, his posture perfect just as the dear inmates of Azkaban had taught him. And oh, how he delighted in the way he unnerved those around him. All, except for Draco it seemed. He slowly tore his bread roll, his eyes calculating those around him. Some shivered as his gaze fell upon them…one girl whimpered though she would deny it later. "Quit terrorizing our house mates," Draco said, his eyes dancing with amusement. Harry's eyes slowly dragged themselves up to meet Draco's gaze. "I don't know what you mean," he drawled. "I'm simply assessing their…lives." His play on words made one or two first years scoot further away from him. He wanted to laugh, he did, but that moment was to be saved for a truly special occasion. He hadn't, after all, laughed properly since he was just six years old. How times changed. "Hmm?" Draco said. "And what have you deducted?" He was not oblivious. Much of the house leaned in slightly, eager to hear what he had to say so…naturally he took his time in giving his answer. He had not interacted with people in some time; he did not count the Potters nor their associates as people. "That boy there, the one who is poorly trying to hide the hickey on his neck," Harry started, inclining his head to a dark haired boy of about seventeen, "Had an affair with another girl over the summer and is desperately trying to hide it from his girlfriend, whom, he sits across." There was a low gasp. "I would judge his life as about a three, maybe a four if I was feeling generous. Women are not toys, they are not to be used, and therefore should not be treated as such." A feral grin drew up the corner of his mouth. "Especially for sex." One boy coughed, hastily trying to hide his choking on the pumpkin juice his goblet so readily provided. A first year, Theodore Nott he believed he was called, looked at him curiously though warily. "How did you know that, if it is indeed right?" "Magic," he answered blandly. Really now, he was not going to give away all his cards, especially the one where he revealed he could use Legilimency with ease; such a useful talent. Especially since he had merged with the blood of his inmates, something he was sure he would be grateful for in the near future. The rest of the meal was rather droll after that. The boy that he had picked on spent it cringing away from his girlfriend, or rather, ex-girlfriend, who was hissing angrily at him through a cool, perfectly placed mask of indifference. The rest put forth their start of year power plays in mentions of how their summers had gone and the first years… They simply tried to gain allies and a form of social standing; many grasping desperately at the robes of one Draco Malfoy. Harry simply observed, he would get what he wanted without the need of grovelling. He only needed the help of one man and he was certainly not going to be found posing as a student in Slytherin House. The Dark Lord did have some dignity after all. Silence fell across the hall as the headmaster stood, his damned blue eyes twinkling as he smiled beneath that infuriating beard. "Ahem- just a few more words now we have all been fed and watered. I have a few start of term notices to give you. "First-years should note that the forest found on the grounds is strictly forbidden to all pupils, and a few of our older students would do well to remember that as well. "I have also been asked by Mr Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that no magic should be used between classes in the corridors. "Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of term. Anyone interested in playing for their house teams should contact Madam Hooch or their Heads of Houses. "And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third floor corridor on the right hand side is out of bounds to all those who do not wish to die a most painful death." Harry's eyes narrowed and few around him nervously laughed as prefects were warily questioned. He took it as a sign that his was rare and resolved to investigate as soon as possible; it could prove very beneficial for him to do so if a painful death was the result of failure. People rarely guarded unimportant things to quite that extreme. "And now, before we go to bed, let us sing the school song!" Dumbledore cried, drawing his wand. "Everyone pick a tune and let's go." Teachers smiles became fixed and the entirety of Slytherin table clamped their mouths shut in rather firm lines as lyrics appeared before them in cursive ribbons and the other three houses sang, or at least that is what one would call it if one were feeling generous. "Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy, Warty Hogwarts "Teach us something please "Whether we be old and bald "Or young with scabby knees "Our heads could do with filling "With some interesting stuff "For now they're bare and full of air "Dead flies and bits of fluff "So teach us things worth knowing "Bring back what we've forgot Just do your best, we'll do the rest And learn until our brains all rot." Much of Slytherin sneered as the students all finished at different paces, the Weasley twins finishing last at a slow funeral march. Dumbledore conducted their last few lines with an unnecessary flourish and once all fell silent, he was one of those who clapped the loudest. Harry surprised much of Slytherin by clapping also, though his was one of mocking sarcasm, a bored look on his face. "Ah, music," sighed the meddlesome fool, wiping his eyes. "A magic beyond all we do here! And now, bedtime. Off you trot!" Cool and collected as they should be, Slytherin House stood, the prefects ushering the first years to flock before them, and they left calmly rather than the rushed madness that ensued when the other houses attempted to leave through the wide double doors. Harry ducked his head so that no-one could hear the insane giggle that escaped him or see the terrifyingly mad grin that had formed on his face. He was in. He'd been sorted. And oh, let the games begin. . He sat in the windowsill beside his bed, looking out into the depths of the Black Lake as his dorm-mates slept. They had been split into two groups, the boys, and he had found himself in a dorm with Draco Malfoy and Blaise Zambini. He was pleased. They at least had the intelligence to converse pleasantly with, unlike the two aspiring trolls, Gregory Goyle and Vincent Crabbe. Unbeknownst to everyone except one, the young survivor had a haunting singing voice like no other. It was not beautiful and nor was it unpleasant, it just was and it pulled and tugged at your very core, bowing and submitting it to listen and to drown in its watery depths. It was. It had been. And it would be. It was a soul, a voice, magic at its purest and so it sung, deep into the night. "I wish that I had known in that first minute we met, the unpayable debt that I owed you. 'Cause you'd been abused by that bone that refused you, and you hired me to make up for that." Unknowingly, the two sleeping boys shivered in their sleep as the melody, the lyrics, bled into their dreams, casting a haunting outlook as they slept on. And still the young survivor continued, almost hoping that the intended could hear, and draw comfort from the fact he had not forgotten and he would never forget. "Walking in that room when you had tubes in your arms, those singing morphine alarms out of tune. They kept you sleeping and even, and I didn't believe them when they called you a hurricane thunderclap." His usually cold eyes were glazed and full of raw power and emotion and no-one had never and could never see him; not in this private moment. It was not to be shared. "When I was checking vitals I suggested a smile. You didn't talk for a while, you were freezing. You said you hated my tone, it made you feel so alone, and so you told me I ought to be leaving." He gave a shuddering breath that rattled his bones and everyone else's. He had learnt from the best. The Dementors. His endless torment… "But something kept me standing by that hospital bed, I should have quit but instead I took care of you. You made me sleep all uneven, and I didn't believe them when they told me that there was no saving you." He leant back, his head resting against the stonewall, eyes looking up to the heavens as if begging for an answer to the prayers he had given since he was six years old. A single tear escaped, rolling down the hollow cheeks; a memory of a life once lived, and emotion once felt, and a family he once had. Harrison James Potter. And tomorrow, the last line to a family he hated, who had hurt him beyond repair, would be snapped. And his last cord that held him up would break. . Thousands of miles away, across an angry grey ocean and beneath a sky the colour of a pain and despair, and under attack from the storms that raged on behalf of the prisoners, the inmates of Azkaban prison began to scream as life was stripped away from them. The maddening glint in their eyes was dull and became duller still as they clawed at their skin, the stone walls, stone floors, iron bars, iron manacles that had long been out of use. A girl, just eight-years-old stilled, her blank eyes staring up at the endless grey, her lips slightly parted in an ended, silent scream. Tears slipped under heavy eyelashes as the melody washed over her. It was as if he was there, running a hand through her dirty blonde curls, promising her something better, a land where the sun shone and the people laughed. Her broken, bleeding nails scraped at the rock beneath her as she lay alone, the screams of her world echoing and shrieking around her as they swooped down, just begging for a reason; the kiss is what they wanted as they slowly drank them dry. Elladora Cynthia Lestrange. And tomorrow, it would come again, they would come again. An endless cycle with but hours to recover in-between. To imagine being held by her father who was but cells away. To imagine being pulled close by her mother who just out of reaching distance, as she had always had been. As he had always had been. To be stuck in this never-ending hell with only a promise to keep her moving forward. Update: All mistakes rid of
Chapter 3- The Black and The Terrors Knockturn Alley played host to all manner of establishments; shady shops, illegal brokers and dealings, inns, brothels, opium dens… Wherever you'd find someone not wanting to be found, the little alley would have it. It was the land claimed by the Dark Creatures otherwise hunted, the Dark wizards and witches with something to hide, the fugitives on the run, the many that needed to acquire something and couldn't afford to do so by legal means. It was the black market of the wizarding world. A small pub, tucked away in the corner, invited the more solitary and shadowed of characters. The Murder Inn was a place where visitors drunk themselves to death; drowned away the memories and thoughts that plagued them; cured their constant stream of self-destroying intelligence and cynical outlook on life with the un-prescribed drugs- usually brought in from the muggle world; the ones chased out by society with the slandering of names and the targeting of faces. The Murder Inn currently played host to Sirius Black. The dark haired, silver-eyed man nursed a bottle of Firewhisky; swimming in the thoughts of his past. As a child, he never had the allowance to be a child. He was the heir for the most prominent and powerful family in Britain and many other countries too; the son of Walburga Black, a woman who was difficult to get along with at the best of times; a boy who discarded teachings out of stubborn spite. He went out of his way to 'shame' his family name; to throw away their teachings. A child throwing a temper tantrum. And oh, how he had paid for refusing them. No-one ever could look past the surname and the one person he thought had done so betrayed him for the simple fact Sirius wasn't making him look good. It left a bitter taste in his mouth as he thought about it. How he had been let down, after he had given everything. *FLASHBACK* "I want you gone Sirius." A cold, shocked, unsettled feeling formed in his stomach as he stared at his best friend. "I'm sorry?" His voice was evident with disbelief. James spun around and glared at the abandoned Black with accusing eyes. "You've heard what Harry did! You've seen it. What the papers are saying…" The Lord's eyes hardened. "Having a pet Black does not look good. I got away with it when we were kids but your name precedes you Sirius." "So you're ditching me because of my family tree?" Sirius snarled. "Guess what, Potter? Your mother was a Black, too! Are you going to disown all knowledge of her?" "Don't say a word against my mother!" James roared. They glared at each other in silence for a long time; each with different notions, different reasons for the hatred that passed between them now. "I thought you were different James," Sirius spat. "That you could look past the surname… But apparently not." "It's a bit suspicious don't you think?" James sneered, taking a step forward. "You were spending a lot of time with Harry near the end. Always by his side, whispering in his ear… And then this happens. It's hard to look past the surname when you think just like the rest of them." Sirius growled. Now he understood what this was about. "In that case, Potter, I'd best watch where you step. I'm sure you've heard of what happens to the people that displease us." "Get out Black. Leave. Now. And don't you ever come back." Sirius smirked, cocking his head to the side. A beautiful shred of insanity marking his features; the Black family madness settling in. "With pleasure." *END OF FLASHBACK* He had run back to his family after that, a state of tears and sorrow- begging for forgiveness. Willing to learn what he should've learnt all those years ago. They had accepted him, even if it was to gain back their heir. To use him as a spoil of war. To replace the ones, they lost to Azkaban. They raised him back up from the ground he had been left on. He'd turned his back on James forever; on all of it; the Marauders, Lily, Saeviour… Sirius realized now just what a fool he had been; he had thrown a tantrum for years- not willing to listen. And once he had, he knew just how right his family was. Muggles were a dangerous stain on the Earth; they needed to be separated and quickly. Mudbloods had to be taken from birth, if only to stop the muggle pollution that infected their world like a disease; stripping away their rights and traditions. And if the Ministry wasn't going to do it- then they had to turn to the one person who would. And that was Lord Voldemort. There was one person he refused to turn his back on, however… Harrison. Sirius was not a fool; he knew the child hadn't done what he had been imprisoned for. But he also knew that the boy had been the unwanted twin for a very long time before the incident had occurred. And that Harry had known it. Always living in his brother's shadow. Always being ignored in favour for the savior that had been so aptly named. Sirius often wondered if that had been how Regulus felt, but he always pushed such a thought away; what was done was done. There was no love lost between the youngest Potter and the rest. Growing up in Azkaban would not have been easy for him, and if anything would only help the hate flourish. Influenced by the Death Eaters around him, he would learn all the politics, the principles, the ways of the Pureblood circles and he would undoubtedly choose the side of Lord Voldemort. There was no room for anything else; if anything Harry would join the Dark Lord simply for revenge on the world that had left him behind to rot. To die. Sirius took a sip of the bitter fiery liquid, a grimace forming on his face. A plan, or the foundations of one, danced in his mind as the thought on how best to contact his godson. Would he even want anything to do with him? Surely he knew by now that Sirius was estranged just as much as he was. James had probably gloated about his first day back; 'Look, you don't even have a godfather anymore because he's just like you. An insane psychopath.' Sirius knew from his protégés in Hogwarts that the eleven-year-old had been sorted into Slytherin; outwardly displayed a cold, mad look; was unpredictable; kept everyone on edge with the way he handled himself; no-one ever knew when he was going to snap. And it was only the first night at the prestigious school. However, the two he mentored could also see the calculating way the boy looked at things. The empty, angry, hateful shell inside the hardened exterior. Azkaban had cursed him in many more ways than the questioning sanity- that much was obvious to them. However, however, however… Harry played his part in such a way that you could never be sure if that was part of the part he played. Sirius knew his protégés were good at what they did, and very well versed in their own roles; their own acts. But they were still learning and had the much easier, later approach than most in Slytherin were given. He still remembered how he had met them. Unbeknownst to the other Marauders, Sirius had added one more spell to the Map. Just a little one, one that allowed him to get the feel of whoever stumbled across it when they left. The fact that his link with Map showed him a pair of identical, Dark signatures that were angry and resentful to their own blood was a surprise. But not as much as a surprise when he discovered who the new owners really were. Fred and George Weasley. The twins were disillusioned with their muggle-loving father and their over-bearing mother and the propaganda spat out by the ever patent Ministry. The two were ambitious and wanted more than the hand-me-downs they received because their father cared more for muggles than the dignity, welfare and pride of his own family. They wanted more and they were sneaky and clever enough to get it, if only given the handshake they needed. Sirius had given them that handshake. He had called to them using the Map- choosing to meet with them at the very same pub he sat in now. Venturing so far into Knockturn Alley was both a test and an assurance to them both that they would not be seen by their cursed family in the presence of a Black, specifically one whose falling out with the House of Potter had reached front page news but a few years ago. The twins had been wary at first but gradually warmed up to the idea; to him. It helped, of course, that he revealed that he was indeed Padfoot, the joint record holder for the most amount of detentions and points lost at Hogwarts for three centuries. "Speak of the little shits and they doth appear," Sirius muttered, his grey eyes flicking toward the ginger terrors as they approached his corner. "You know…" Fred began. "That isn't quite how it goes," George finished, the pair sliding into the booth. "Like I care," Sirius said smoothly, swirling his bottle. "My version is much more fitting for the pair of you." "I'm insulted…" "I know Fred; you'd think after everything we've done…" "That we do, brother, that we do…" Sirius rolled his eyes at the twins' commentary. They did it much too often and when they put their minds to it, could be extremely unnerving. This occasion, however, they were using it to be annoying and to display some humor; Sirius supposed they were good for that. Besides, the Death Eater circles could do with cheering up; a splash of color here, a few pranks there… Much better for the moral fibre of the group. He shook his head; he'd allowed his intoxicated thoughts to get away with him. "Were you seen when you unexpectedly decided to stalk me?" he drawled, wondering yet again why he had given them pendants that allowed them to find him should they need him. "Now I really am insulted," the two mumbled. Sirius smirked bitterly; so much like he and James had been, it almost hurt… "I suppose there is a reason you are here, Twin One, Twin Two?" "Of course," Fred scoffed. "We could be spending this night planning pranks on Snape." George sniffed. "We didn't have…" "…to come here and give you the…" "…little titbit of information we've found." The Black Heir rolled his eyes. "Just tell me. It won't be long before someone notices your disappearance." "Well, we were out for an innocent midnight stroll," George began… "Couldn't sleep and all that," Fred inputted. "When we overhead a wonderful little conversation between Dumbles and Snape." Sirius raised an eyebrow. "Go on." "From what we heard," Fred said. "It sounded as though…" "A beautiful little object is being…" "…hidden at Hogwarts. And that the plan is…" "…to draw in the Dark Lord and try to trap him, using dear…" "…little, saint, Saeviour Potter's Gryffindor, reckless stupidity and ingrained need to fight the evil of this world…" "…against him," George finished, before leaning in and saying in a much lower tone. "Such a beautiful object is also known as a stone made by one Nicholas Flamel." George leaned back. "Snape is completely against the idea." "Thinks Potter will get himself killed, as well as others…" "…and really doesn't fancy the idea of an inquiry from the Ministry." A malicious grin grew on Sirius's face at the thought. "Well, we must prepare for the return of the Dark Lord then, mustn't we?" The twins glanced at each other, similar grins forming on their faces. "Oh this will be fun," they said together. Sirius rapped the table thoughtfully. "Keep an eye and ear out, anything and everything is to be reported back to me in the usual way. If you see an opening to help the Dark Lord that won't get you compromised, take it. This could very well be the moment we've all been waiting for." The twins nodded curtly. Absently, Sirius casted a tempus charm; 01:02am. "You'd best return to the castle." He stood up. "I shall go about stirring up the old circles." He gave a short, mock bow. "Until next time." One of the few remaining Blacks swept out of the pub, his intoxication all but forgotten as he expertly flipped a galleon towards the bar attendant. Long strides carried him to the nearest Floo Service and handful of green powder to Malfoy Manor. Skipping out of the fireplace, into the blonde Lord's study he sung out, "Oh Lucy!" A grin appeared on his face. "Have I got news for you!" And didn't he just. And a cliff hanger. Leave a review
Chapter 4- Follow Me into The Darkness ….. I look and stare so deep in your eyes I touch on you more and more every time When you leave I'm begging you not to go Call your name two, three times in a row ….. When the post came, he realized he should've known something was wrong from the smug, gleeful look on precious Saeviour Potter's face. As the owls swooped down, dropping like stones to their masters in order to relieve themselves of the packages containing forgotten items or the mandatory 'missing you' letters, cold mocking eyes watched the rest of the hall spitefully as they received their wholly undeserved mail. Harry's eyes did not see the scarlet red envelope until it was right before him. Spindly pale fingers delicately detached the letter from the stubby leg of a Potter owl, which hurriedly flew off soon after. Interest sparking his movements, he tore through the wax seal and waited patiently for the shouting to begin. "SLYTHERIN!" his father's voice roared, echoing through the suddenly silent hall. "NO POTTER HAS EVER BEEN IN THAT HOUSE OF DARK LORD CONCUBINES! ALTHOUGH I'D SUPPOSED YOU'D KNOW ALL ABOUT BEING ONE, WOULDN'T YOU, YOU DISGUSTING FILTH! TAINTING OUR REPUTATION IN COURT WASN'T ENOUGH FOR YOU, WAS IT?! YOU HAD TO JOIN THE SNAKES! I SHOULDN'T BE SURPRISED." The shouting dropped to a sneer, "After all, the Dark's whores attract other whores. Congratulations boy, I hope you enjoy what little time you have left." The school stated in shock. The Gryffindors were a mix of smug, nervous, stunned, amused; the Hufflepuffs wholly shaken; Ravenclaws disgusted at the choice of language and the Slytherins were furious. This hadn't just been a howler designed to insult Harry, it had insulted all of them. The teachers were shocked, but a few were tense and looking at the mini psychopath, waiting for his reaction. Harry laughed. It wasn't short or sarcastic. It wasn't bitter or hurt. It was a cackle; an eruption of bordering hysterical giggles. The dark haired doll was bent, doubled over as true insanity revealed itself to the school. And the school looked on stunned. It took a while, but Harry reined in his mirth; a Cheshire grin on his face, not that anyone worth knowing to him would be able to place such a label on it. His eyes found his twin's, whose own suddenly weren't so smug anymore. Not tearing away from the gaze, Saeviour sat frozen as Harry climbed over the tables with a confident, maddening walk and a gleam in his eyes that made him want to cower. He crouched down atop the Gryffindor table and leaned forward, his mouth beside the glasses' hooked ear. "Tell dearest Daddy he should be more worried about the amount of time he has left." The whisper wasn't quiet. It was a stage whisper. One that carried out throughout the hall; the threat, the silent promise. Smiling Harry stood up, his gaze travelling slowly over the other occupants of the Great Hall. He knew he had quite possibly jeopardised himself but it had all been made very clear to him that they expected nothing less than a mass murderer trapped in the body of a malnourished child. He never took kindly to being threatened, particularly by the very man he wanted nothing more than to see screaming, begging at his feet… He could make an exception to the guard he placed between his true insanity and the faux insanity. Just. This. Once. Behind him, the Slytherins stood up as one, so very cold and collected. Watching carefully, Harry observed as they walked calmly but with so much purpose out of the Great Hall. The corner of his mouth twitched; snakes really were loyal to their own. He turned and his eyes locked onto the Headmaster. He tipped a fake hat, before strolling out after them, a delicious bubble of excitement flowing inside of him for the first time since he had left Azkaban. Oh yes. The. Game. Was. On. . The classes were boring and the teachers were droll so he was restless and impatient most of the week. Everything they tried to teach he could do wandlessly, eyes closed and in the process of having his soul sucked out by the ever caring guards of Azkaban. Messing with the students around him was fun, it amused him for a time, but the teachers, always so fearful, abducted points. He did not care for house points, but he did care for his own skin and did not wish to anger his housemates so that they would see beyond reason. No matter how much he lusted for a little blood-letting to ease his stabbing indignation. Professor Quirrel was interesting, in some small form however. Not only did he appear to cause Saeviour pain every time he turned round, but something Dark was pulling him nearer. It lingered, traces of it all around Quirrel and beckoned for him to come closer; cold and enticing. Alluring. The stutter was fake, Harry knew, so the question, the only question, was Who was Professor Quirrel…or rather, who did he have along for the ride? Stealing into the restricted section had been easier than he had hoped, taking the books a little harder but nothing a bit of wand waving could solve. He had a small collection running now; enough to be reading for the moment anyway. He should be free of the Trace by Samhain if all went to plan. Figuring out the Sorting Hat's petty riddle had been trying, however. A nice challenge really, considering the disappointment of everything else. From what he had gathered, Salazar Slytherin's ghost or portrait dwelled in the dungeons; he just had to find the long dead man. Once Slytherin was found, and persuaded to let slip that little bit of information he was most anxious to have, he could go into the chamber. He planned to go in search for Salazar Slytherin that afternoon. But first he had to deal with Potions and the professor that came with it. "You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of potion making." The professor spoke in barely whisper but they all heard him, many too scared to do anything else and others too enthralled by the eerie, dangerous melodic way in which he spoke. He did not believe he had ever heard a more perfect way of speaking. "As there is little foolish wand-waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic. I don't really expect you to understand the beauty of a softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through the human veins, bewitching the mind and ensnaring the senses… I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory and even put a stopper in death- if you aren't as big a bunch of dunderheads that I usually have to teach." The end of the glorious speech finished with a scowling snap, startling many of the kitty cat Gryffindors. Harry barely glanced at them; his eyes firmly fixed on the very possible traitor to the Dark but seeing him now, looking at him now, hearing him now Harry could very easily guess where the man's allegiances lay. The Dark would always win him over. Once ensnared by its beauty there was no going back especially by a man whose passion is with his talents and the same man had created spells of only the most dangerous and illegal kind… "Potter!" Snape said suddenly, before sneering, "The celebrity that is." The class's attention drifted to the arrogant toe-rag that sat surrounded by his lackeys. "What would I get if I added shredded edelweiss to a bare hot cauldron?" The mudblood's hand shot into the air, whilst Saeviour looked truly stumped at being called upon before his face twisted into an ugly, arrogant expression. "I don't know Snivellus," he sneered. "You tell me." "Twenty points from Gryffindor," the potions master snapped. "Try again, what are the effects of purified lavender in most potions?" The mudblood's hand was in the air again and Saeviour was back to simply not knowing. "Pick on someone your own size Death Eater," he bit out. "Thirty points from Gryffindor," the dungeon's bat snarled. The Slytherins all secretly shared their gloating smiles, eyes openly mocking the lions. "Again, what would happen if cypress was eaten raw?" The Mudblood faltered for a moment before her hand was again begging for the attention of a teacher, the only teacher, that would not give it to her. "I don't know sir," Saeviour snarled, "Hermione does, why don't you ask her?" "Ten points from Gryffindor," Snape said softly, turning away the Gryffindors he muttered, "Let's see if the other Potter can do better." He raised an eyebrow at him expectantly. Harry answered, understanding perfectly. "If you added shredded edelweiss to a bare cauldron you would have a minor explosion to a fatal explosion depending on your precautions, the amount added and the heat of the flame," his voice alone sent shivers down other's backs. "Purified lavender causes a drowsy or sleep effect in most potions, hence why it is a key ingredient in Draught of the Living Death. And finally, raw cypress when eaten can cause slow poisoning, the final effect being inexplicable death." "Fifteen points to Slytherin," Snape called, before whirling on the rest of the class. "Well? Why aren't you writing this down?" Penning it down in elegant script, Harry mused on the confirmation. An old Death Eater code that was used by the more public of figureheads…one his fellow inmates had been sure to teach him. Subtly, effectively, Snape had passed on the truth of his allegiances to everyone who cared to listen. Or perhaps more specifically, him. Taken together it spelt out clearly; 'My allegiances and devotion are towards the Death Eaters.' Dumbledore's favorite pet wasn't so loyal after all. . The room was silent. The dust that clung to the ancient stones and abandoned desks was still. Midday glow shone through the windows, illuminating what it could in attempt to beat the shadows that were drawn out from the stacked furniture. In the centre of the abandoned classroom was the raven haired boy, with his hating eyes closed shut. He was cross legged, hardly breathing, back relaxed but rod straight and his wrists handing loosely off his knees; fingers twitching every now and then as he searched. His mindscape was designed to be the one place he could actually remember well enough to know. At age eight, when he had first begun to build, Potter Manor was a distant dream despite the self-acquired eidetic memory. To him it was the house of ruined childhood, neglect and the petty jealousy he once had. Azkaban was where he found others and where he learned the Dark. Add in the Dementors, and it was not a mindscape many would enjoy entering. There were other barriers, of course. The best and most intricate his mind could concoct and once you finally, exhaustingly got past those you would be met with the onslaught of the aftermath a Dementor would bring to your soul, to your already fragile sanity. He had designed his mindscape to be a hell to all, even occasionally himself. There was one simple reason he was in it. He'd let go and allowed it to become disordered and chaotic in a brief lapse. This was not something he could allow. He needed straight thought, cold logic and the numbing lack of feeling that came with sprinkling of shallow emotions. The few he really could possess were not ones that many enjoyed. He could hate with a passion. Obsess as though his life was on the line. And possess with a determination one rarely saw. Boredom was something he refused to admit, always scrambling to get his high, his thrill away from it. Love he wasn't acquainted with. Sadness was something that plagued his life and eventually just became as easy and unnoticeable as breathing. He twitched, Rodolphus Lestrange suddenly looming before him, a wry, amused grin on his face. "No, no, Bella, not a psychopath," he had waved off his wife's comment about what Harry was growing to be. "Try a sociopath." He pushed the memory away, tucking it into the endless, never-ending cells he claimed as libraries for such things. If he wanted to be done and still have time to search for Lord Slytherin, he had to focus. He swept through the narrow, chilling corridors, fixing the bent bars, the fallen links of the disused chains, putting back the occasional Auror's fallen trinkets. Ensuring the scorch marks from private duels were in the correct cells, and on the right walls. That the Dementors that swirled around, dipping and pulling at the building; strict schedules to when they ventured inside. All for a simple purpose. He could not allow what had happened the Monday morning to happen again. His closely guarded insanity; he knew very well he had it, all who entered Azkaban had it; had burst through due to the ill-thought, drunken, furious words of a father who hadn't loved him for nine years. He'd shown his cards to early in the game, and it was vital he kept the few little he had left, close to his chest. He exhaled slowly, his eyes fluttering open. "What were you doing?" His body whirled out of years of honed instinct and within minutes he had his wand pointing at the doorframe, where a certain, suddenly stricken, blonde stood. Narrowing his eyes, Harry relaxed and rolled up his sleeves whilst instantaneously pocketing his wand. "Whatever you believe I was doing Draco, will be the story I go with," he drawled easily. "Unless of course it is unfavourable, in which case I shall deny it vehemently." "You entered your mindscape," Draco said. He inclined his head in acknowledgement. "My godfather had only barely begun to help me build mine, refusing to have done it earlier by claiming it could be dangerous for my sanity if tried younger. How come, you Harry, have one already?" "My sanity was already questionable," he answered. "And I had secrets that needed to be kept." He paused. "Why do you ask?" "No reason." Emerald orbs narrowed, scrutinizing the Malfoy Heir before them, and then finally he realized. "You wish to know if Ella has one." Only the palest of blushes tainted Draco's skin, but the boy held resilience and gave a stiff nod. "You caught me." Harry donned his robe with careless grace, beginning to stride towards the door. "Of course she does. You don't believe her parents would teach me, but not their daughter, do you? Have a little sense Draco, incompetence doesn't suit you." The ex-prisoner slipped past nimbly, leaving the older boy behind him. The corridors of Hogwarts were lit by the autumn sun, so instead of walking them, he avoided them- taking as many shadowed passages as he could down to the dungeons. He had, of course, discovered what he believed to be fifty percent of Hogwarts's secret passages before Wednesday, knowing that should a quick getaway be needed that they would provide them. Memorizing Hogwarts would be advantageous in that respect. A person could immediately tell when they entered the dungeons. The walls immediately became darker, cooler, damper. The air froze as though it had suddenly been dipped in liquid nitrogen. Sounds echoed but were swallowed in the darkness. Fiery torches turned emerald and were few and far between. Windows ceased to exist. And of course, to all those who were not in Slytherin, you found yourself in a maze you could not navigate. It was, according to rumor, Salazar Slytherin's doing that the lower levels were like this. When someone could not find you, neither could they find the body you wished to hide. He had explored 75% of the dungeons simply by a mix of getting lost and learning the routes to his common room and classrooms, knowing each corridor like the back of his hand- something he was rather attached to- and as long as he had not missed anything, meant that Salazar was located in the unchartered 25%. And he was rather eager to find him. The sun had most likely set by the time Harry came across what he thought to be a clue into finding the portrait. It was barely noticeable and if his suspicions were correct, no use to anyone but a Parselmouth. That was, truthfully, what led him to originally believe it to be a way to the fourth founder. Fingering the engraving of the basilisk lightly, he took a step back, preparing himself for any surprises, favorable or otherwise, to be thrown his way. *Open, * he hissed. *Give me reason why hatchling and I might just, * the engraving replied, the markings writhing as it slithered round to see him better. *I wish to speak with Salazar Slytherin and reason has led me to believe that you guard a doorway to him. * *Why would Lord Slytherin agree to speak with you? * *That is for me to know and him to find out, mighty serpent. * The engraving gave what Harry imagined to be a laugh. It came out as a mix of spitting and hisses, as the carved scales shook. *The master shall speak with you, silver-tongued human. * *Thank you. * An area of the wall shifted back with a sprinkling of dust. He reached out a hand and pushed firmly, not to his surprise, the doorway swung in to reveal a long tunnel with only darkness in sight. Slipping out his wand, he flicked it- a silvery light bursting out of the end. Summoning his need to speak with Lord Slytherin, he delved into the passage, hardly flinching as the doorway closed shut behind him. He had been patient for far too long than to back out now. The walk was of an incalculable time. It could've been a matter of minutes or a series of hours for all he knew, but none of it mattered now. Perhaps when he returned to the surface to meet with angry teachers that were forced to fake caring about whether he was safe or not. It was far more likely they were worrying about whether or not they were safe from him. Funny how being declared innocent made no difference to the minds of the majority. He was still a murderer; a dangerous one at that. When it finally did end, he came into a sparingly furnished room that was lit only by the silver flames within the black marble fireplace. The floor was of dark wood and the walls a forest green; two plush leather armchairs sat at an angle to each other, mirroring the deep black of the marble. There was no portrait to be seen. Instead, sitting in one of the chairs, appeared to be a very much alive Salazar Slytherin. He had dark chocolate hair that was cut to a short length and styled into an almost quiff atop of his head. His skin was pale and his eyes were of an olive color; the facial structure was of high cheekbones and a strong, aristocratic jaw. Long nimble fingers rested upon the arms of the chair in which he sat, and his lithe bodied was adorned in a shadowed turquoise robe. None of the stories did the beauty nor power of this man justice. Despite himself, he was a little awed at the mere presence of this man. "Do sit, I am quite eager to discover just what you wish to speak to me about," Salazar called to him. He stepped forward and sat, making barely a noise; his eyes on Slytherin at all times. He knew the man should be dead, and was dead, considering the idea of Horcruxes had not been made until a century after his death and The Philosopher's Stone until much later. So it was only relative that he was a phantom, rather than a ghost. They appeared alive, much like a poltergeist did, though they were not and held much different aspects of power. It was intriguing to say the least, but he would not allow the distraction to divert him from his purpose. Olive eyes turned on him. "Well, what is it you wanted to ask me?" The corner of Harry's mouth quirked. "I wish to know where I can find the Chamber of Secrets." More chapters, I think I'm almost done with the pre-made chapters.
Chapter 5- Always a Freak POTTER HEIR DISOWNED! Rita Skeeter Lord James Charlus Potter has enclosed to the Daily Prophet the official, and immediate disowning of his eldest so Harrison James Potter, claiming it to be on the evidence 'Threat of Bloodline' and 'Traitorous Acts Against Family Personnel and Values' as well as other reasons he cannot lay claim on. "My only regret is that I did not do it sooner," admitted Lord Potter at his family manor in Carlisle, "I cannot understand it; perhaps it was the hope that he hadn't done it. That he wasn't what we feared. Apparently I was wrong." The ex-Potter Heir, recently released for the false accusation and imprisonment for the homicide of seventeen muggles and the incapacitation of three others (see article on Page 3 for more information), was unavailable for comment, however his twin, the wizarding world's hero, Saeviour Sirius Potter, who couldn't be more aptly named, was. "He was always jealous of my fame," The-Boy-Who-Lived claimed via letter. "Who wouldn't? But when he threatened the life of our father, that was when he destroyed any hope of being brothers." Once a family of four, is now three. What more can Harrison do to tear this noble family apart? And is he really as innocent as he claims? The offending newspaper burst into sudden flame as Harry let it float to the table. Across the hall from him, Saeviour was smirking. So that was that. It was finally over. He wasn't a Potter anymore. There was nothing left to tie him to them. Gracefully he rose and rather than leave the Great Hall like everyone believed he would, he turned on his heel and strutted with such a sense of power that it fell off of him in waves as though his mere magic was afraid of him, up to the teachers' table. He came to a halt before Professor Snape, who raised an eyebrow in question. "Will you do me the favor of escorting me to Gringotts, Professor Snape?" he asked smoothly, his gaze flickering down to the newspaper before his head of house. "In light of…ah, recent affairs, I have some business to take up with the goblins." Professor Snape studied the numbed eleven-year-old before him. The obsidian eyes flickered towards the Headmaster, who appeared to be trying to express no via his twinkling, traitorous blue orbs. This was answer enough in the dungeon bat's opinion. "I shall be by the common room at eleven o'clock. Do not be late." "Thank you, sir, the favor shall be returned." As he turned away from the table, his eyes slid over Professor Quirrel's curious gaze; the corner of his mouth quirked and everything was in slow motion. But then the moment was gone and he was striding out of the Great Hall, hardly noticing the Malfoy Heir rush after him, in a decorum suited to a Malfoy of course. He did notice however, though he took his sweet time in addressing him. Time that led up to the entrance hall before he even let a word pass his lips. "What do you wish to say Draco?" he asked dryly, "I can hardly take the suspense." "Why do you need to visit the goblins?" Draco blurted. Though the blonde could not see, his expression was laughing in amusement. Some days the blonde made it ever so obvious that he was a child, and not the adult he pretended he was. "The Potter Fortune wasn't the only gold I was heir of." Draco faltered in his step, before smoothly evening his strides back out again so that they matched the raven haired boy's once more. "Which fortunes? There are only so many unclaimed." He smirked, his gaze sliding over the Malfoy. "Now that would be telling." . Gringotts was exactly as he remembered it to be. Tall white marble pillars; crystal windows framed with goblin gold; dusted diamond chandeliers; the whole building slightly askew as though the crafters and architect had all been drunk when it was built. The goblins were still stiff and sneered cruelly at everything that dared step into their greedy gaze. He had always favoured the goblins over other creatures he had encountered, which were admittedly few, for this. Harry had always been one to appreciate the ability to make one feel small, dirty, insignificant, a tiny speck on a planet full of gods. Goblins were fine examples of this particular look of disdain. "Ah, Mr Harrison," Griphook said slowly, looking down from his podium at the malnourished child. "I was wondering how long it would take for you to find your way here." "Apparently not long at all," he said in much the same tone. "I am here to lay claim over the vaults of Slytherin and Peverell as well as document my being a ward of the Ancient and Most Noble Houses of Lestrange ad Black." "The Most Ancient and Most Noble House of Slytherin currently has a living Lord," Griphook said, with a nasty grin. "Then I shall document being a member of the house and the last remaining heir, by claim of magic," he countered easily. Griphook scowled, "Ragnok shall take you from here, Mr Harrison. Professor Snape will have to wait here." He inclined his head, turning to the potions master, "I may be a while, Professor, you can always check on your own vaults or pay a visit to the Apothecary or something similar whilst you wait." Snape's mouth curled slightly, whether it was in a smile or sneer he wasn't sure, but either way it was something. He enjoyed knowing he could get a reaction out of the stoic professor. The professor gave a curt nod, striding away and out of the legendary bank, before another snarling goblin led him down the dusty golden halls of Gringotts and into an office that was more an exceptionally small ballroom. He sat down at the gesture of long bony fingers and waited with as much patience as his tainted sanity allowed him to. The goblin pulled out a stone basin that had bronze inlaid runes etched into its gravelly grey surface, as well as a long silver dagger than had emeralds glittering in its hilt. He eyed them, already understanding the outline of what he had to do. His blood would be needed, the little formality the closest the world got to the Dark Arts these times, as well as a few pesky words and enchanted parchment. At Ragnok's instruction, he slashed violently across his pale palm. The blood welled up and spilled in seconds; the thick red life-support rushing out of the wound and as he curled his fingers, into the basin. It collected and he waited for the goblin to tell him when to stop; he did so when it was about a third full. His cut was sealed with dittany, the stinging as it healed barely noticeable as he was watched Ragnok pour a liquid duck-egg blue into his blood. The potion swirled, slowly mixing with the red, becoming a morbid purple. Moonlit parchment was procured and lain flat against the polished oak desk- held at each corner by baby gems. Killing curse green watched in fascination and self-assurance as the mixture was wiped across the parchment by the same dagger he had used to acquire access to his blood. It danced and twirled for a few moments, slowly receding into tight letters of clear print; beginning, continuing a list. Heir Apparent of Slytherin by Magic and Spiritual Adoption: Lays claim to the Heir's Vaults and other assets in the case of Lord Slytherin's death. Lord of Peverell by Blood and Magic upon 11th Birthday: Lays claim to all vaults, residents and other assets. Scion and Ward of Lestrange by Blood Adoption: Lays claim to access of the wards' vaults and residence Scion and Ward of Black by Blood: Lays claim to access of the wards' vaults and residence He accepted the Lordship ring for Peverell and Heir ring for Slytherin, slipping them onto his finger, absently watching as they melded and shrunk to fit. He looked back at Ragnok before stating, "I want to claim Physical Aesthetics of Slytherin and Peverell." Ragnok nodded stiffly, summoning the required elements. They were simply two vials of the same potion with different additives; one held the three brother Peverells' blood, and the other held Salazar Slytherin's. The head of each founding family to begin their affairs with Gringotts all had to hand over a pint of blood for future heirs or scions just for this matter. They were handed over to him; immediately downed. A burning, tingling sensation pricked every pore of his skin as needles before a sudden rush of ice attacked his veins and froze over his blood. He didn't cry out, nor flinch or wince as most were prone to doing as their bodies were forced to morph against the original DNA. He sat there waiting for it to end as though he was merely waiting for his room key in a hotel. When it was over, he opened his eyes- as he had closed them during the process- and wandlessly summoned a full length mirror. Harry stood before it, analysing every changed detail. His hair remained raven black though became a silky flat naturally, with a slight wave in the top strands that were long enough to do so. His cheekbones were higher, sharper, and his face, chin, longer and more defined. His body had been stretched an inch or two taller and gained a lither than starved look to it; the weeks of good meals since his release had helped in losing the gaunt dead look Azkaban gave its inhabitants. His eyebrows took on a further arched look, though not so much that he looked as though he was stuck in perpetual surprise and disbelief. His eyes were the most interesting however; ice blue spotted in large groups among the Avada Kedavra green, constantly shifting a changing as his mood did. He brought forth hatred and anger and the green was back in full force; he calmed and it receded to an equal mingling balance. It was obvious to him that had just succeeded every other first year in looks and he was pleased. Beauty was a dangerous weapon. "Is that all Lord Peverell?" Ragnok asked stiffly. "Upon becoming Lord, I was automatically emancipated, correct?" "Only in Wizengamot affairs," Ragnok answered. "And in court. Lord Slytherin is now your legal guardian; he shall be informed in due course." "Then that is all. Thank you for your time Ragnok- I can find my own way out." Internally smirking at the look of surprise on the goblin's face, he left the office somewhat perturbed. He had hoped he would gain full emancipation but now… If the rumours were true, the Dark Lord was now responsible for him. His eyes ran over green; well, he'd better not disappoint his guardian now. At least it was one step closer to find him; to getting them out. The short trip back to Hogwarts was short and silent, though he answered the unasked question with a short nod. If Professor Snape was surprised by his change in appearance, he didn't comment- whether it be in actions or voice. He doubted he would be shown the courtesy and indifference from everyone else. They were all children. Pathetic, whiny, nosy, uneducated, spoilt, bratty children. And he would be fooling himself to expect anything less. He sneered bitterly as the potions master split off from him and he continued to make his own way. At least his ties were gone. Gone and buried, never to be revived. He had been expecting it. He had been expecting it ever since he'd first heard it was an option. That a family could renounce all knowledge of one member. It didn't stop the anger, the bitterness, the jealousy, the hurt… He had come to tomes with never being loved a long time ago, but existence… He didn't exist as a Potter. He didn't exist as family in their eyes. He wouldn't. Never would. And that fractured him. "What do you want Potter?" he snapped, his eyes narrowing in on Gryffindor's Golden Boy and his two pet bitches. "That hurt," Saeviour sniggered. "It really did. What's it like to be disowned?" "Well you would know, wouldn't you?" he said innocently amongst the ice in his tone. "Intelligence disowned you a long time ago." He glanced at the Mudblood. "Tell me Granger, does he make you write his essays for him because he's too thick to string together a simple sentence?" The blush made him smirk. "You're just jealous," Weasley sneered. "You'll never be as good as Saeviour. Never." He suppressed a flinch. "You're right. I'll never be as good as. I'll always be better." "Mum and Dad never loved you," Saeviour said. He did it with the air of someone who had already won a battle. And perhaps he had in some ways. But he would always underestimate just how far his brother was willing to go. "You never deserved it. Never earned it. You were always a freak. It was just a matter of technicalities that stopped them from disowning you before. Being a freak isn't a legitimate excuse apparently." "And you?" That was it. That step to far. Hitting too close to home. "What reason do they keep you around other than to leach off your fame? I fear for the future of Potter, I truly do. Losing me was possibly the worst move you could make. When they die and you're left behind, it'll fall to ruin. Simply because you're too stupid and weak to keep and gain the power it could have." "Shut up!" Saeviour shouted furiously. "Why?" Saeviour roared, throwing himself at the starved other. Harry reacted quickly, in the blink of an eye, purely instinctually and suddenly The-Boy-Who-Lived was falling through the stone floor. It satisfied the urge for blood somewhat, seeing the saviour of the Wizarding world crumple against stone like a sack of potatoes, though potatoes were marginally more intelligent. He sneered at Granger and Weasley's horrified faces. "Call a teacher would you? I'd so hate for him to die." He didn't stay to see their reactions. His magic was spinning angrily, restlessly, just begging to lash out. It coincided too much with the state of his mind. Freak. He hated that word. "You'll get what you deserve freak," the auror had sneered. "The Dementors do so love pretty things." He had deserved nothing. Not then. He had been innocent. Yet they had condemned him without a trial. His family hadn't fought for him. Nobody had fought for him. Because he was just a freak. Just Saeviour's older twin. Just that kid that sat in the corner forgotten at birthday parties. Freak. They had never loved him. They were so sure that Saeviour was the child of the prophecy. That damn prophecy that wouldn't even have been valid if they had all just ignored it. The bigger child. The more powerful child. That accidental magic had been his. He made the toys float. He made their hair change colour. He transfigured the high chair. Not Saeviour. It had never been Saeviour. And then that night came. And then it was as though he didn't exist. He was left behind. Forgotten. A hand landed on his shoulder. "Avada Kedavra!" Professor Quirrel barely managed to escape the curse. The teacher trembled on the ground, staring at the cold, icy child standing above him; wand drawn. "Professor, let's just keep those last few moments between us. An oath if you would." "I, Quirinius Quirrel, swear to keep the happenings of the last five minutes to myself. So mote it be." Harry inclined his head and stalked away, his robes flaring out behind him. It was only when he reached the end of the corridor did he realize. Quirrel hadn't stuttered.
Chapter 6- Lily's Mistake Slytherin had accepted his change with sneered approval. The teachers had accepted his change with wary looks over. He could never have prepared himself for Lily Potter's reaction. Everyone had noticed the difference in him after the stinging encounter with Saeviour; physically was undeniable, but his mood was fluctuating, dangerously so. The slightest thing could make him snap; he was on edge at all times, his eyes often in a permanent state of Avada Kedavra; he was frustrated with his lack of progress on Quirrel's stutter; he was calmed in the way he only had to wait for Halloween, before he could remove the trace; and he was amused by one Draco Malfoy, who had situated himself as his 'friend'. Everyone except the blonde was steering clear of him; none willing to come face to the face with the darkness that was undoubtedly within. Even Dumbledore avoided his eyes. He'd been sitting in the library at the time, books spread out around him as he lazily pulled together an essay for Herbology. Every so often he would glance at the texts around him, and then at the roll of parchment he was writing on, before returning to touch-writing and staring out of the large arched windows unseeingly. Every so often, Hermione Granger, who sat in the Transfiguration section, would send him jealous glares in the ridiculous hope that by doing so he would somehow spontaneously combust. He barely noticed the mudblood however, as he skimmed the surface of his mindscape. The library was full of muffled coughs, hurried whispers, scratching quills, dispirited sighs and the occasional turn of a page. But it was quiet, almost silent, and so Madam Pince did not complain. She merely watched everyone with her beady eyes, as she set about keeping the library in above perfect condition. The autumn sun was sending golden rays through the crystal, setting the house of books into a hazy glow that only added to the sense of lethargy everyone, except N.E.W.T and O.W.L students, were feeling. It was warm and comforting that, added with the gentle smell of aged parchment, set about an aura of peace and tranquillity. It was promptly ruined with Lily Potter's reaction. The fiery red head burst in, her breaths rapid and her grassy eyes blood-shot as though she had been trying not to cry for a very long time. Her wild hair was in a muss around her head, clashing with the obviously male sky-blue robe that had been tossed on hazardously. She frantically searched around, ignoring the disapproving glare sent her way by Madam Pince, and the looks of surprise from everyone but Harry, whose own eyes had glossed over cold emerald and narrowed in distasteful hate. She flinched when she found them, though hurried over all the same; sitting in the un-offered chair across from him. He raised an eyebrow and said icily, "Yes, Lady Potter?" The pain in her face delighted him in some part, as his petulant revenge was brought to forefront. Yes, she should suffer, just as he had suffered, and he would stand by and watch, just as she had done. "Harry…" Her voice caught. "I'm so sorry- I had no idea what James was going to do! You're my baby boy and…" "Stop." She blinked. "Sorry?" He sneered at her. "I am no longer your 'baby boy', in fact I have not been for a very long time, Lady Potter. It is only as of late it has been made official." He leaned forward and hissed, "I do not care if Lord Potter never told you of his plans. He merely pushed forth the documents; you and he had disowned me long ago." He leaned back into his chair, picking his quill back up. "I suggest you leave, for I have nothing I wish to say to you." Tears burned her eyes, and she blinked frantically. "You can't mean that. I'm your mother." "I have no mother." She choked, and her bottom lip trembled, before she suddenly gave out a sob. "I'm sorry. Whatever I've done- I'm sorry. Just tell me what I've done, and I'll apologize." He went very rigid, and it was slow as he turned to face her once more. "Tell you what you have done?" The library suddenly became very cold. Suffocating, frightening magic crackled in the air as lightening- a few first years whimpered. Madam Pince was frozen to her spot; she had only felt magic like that once, and it had been a very long time ago then. "You ignored me. You always ignored me. Everything I did right, was snatched away by Saeviour. Everything Saeviour did wrong, was landed on me. I lived in that squib's shadow." He laughed bitterly. "And then of course, when the Dark Lord came and went, the praise was on him. But you forgot me. Do you remember how long I laid in the rubble, knowing my parents wouldn't come and get me?" He ploughed on, ignoring the salty droplets making a river down the woman's pale skin. "And then it was as though I never existed. On birthdays. At Christmas. I didn't get a scrap off the table as you doted on that ignoble, ignorant, illiterate, incestuous, illegitimate progeny of parents who belong to the class of blood traitor." He was practically hissing now, almost slipping into Parseltongue. "And when I was arrested, what did you do? YOU WATCHED!" Everyone jumped at the furious scream. "YOU WATCHED AS I WAS DRAGGED AWAY FOR SOMETHING I DIDN'T DO! YOU LEFT ME TO ROT! A SIX-YEAR-OLD CHILD!" He forced himself to calm, but it didn't stop the hate, the hurt, the bitterness, the rich, unadulterated, loathing to seep through into his last words. "I could have lived without love. I never needed that from you. But what hurts, what has always hurt was that you never fought for me. Not once." He grabbed his bag, summoning the essay to sit in the safe haven of the leather walls, before storming with the graze of a winter wind, out of the library- his robes swarming out behind him. And he was right. Lily could see all of that; she could cast her mind back to those years and pull up every memory she had of Harry, and not once had she told him she loved him. And not once had she fought for him. She had never told James off for favoring Saeviour. She had never even remembered to ensure that Harry was with them on birthdays or at Christmas. She had ignored Sirius's begs to spend more time with the youngest twin; she had laughed him off, telling him that she spent plenty of time with Harry. She had lied. Not only to Sirius, but to herself. She choked, disgusted with herself. Her skin crawled as she tried to flee herself; revulsion scuttling through her veins. So it was clear to her, that everything that had happened- everything that had shaped her son to be the way he was, was her fault. It was James's too- he would always take part of the blame. But she one of two; and both had failed as parents. As human beings. They had failed a child in such a way that they could never be forgiven. It was with such self-hate, such self-abhorrence that she fled Hogwarts- not once looking back. She never made it back to Potter Manor. She had never intended to go there. No. It was in her desperation; it was in her realization that she found herself in the Hogs Head. And it was in the Hogs Head, her last breath was snatched away. The morticians said it was alcohol poisoning. The library's witnesses said it was suicide. Harry said good riddance.
Chapter 7- Why Did I Drown? Elladora Lestrange had few beautiful things left in her memory. When the Dementors came they would take-away what precious little she had, and she had seen so few things in her short life beyond the walls of her prison. Her papa had told her that Rabastan used to be handsome, and her mother beautiful beyond words, and that even he had fair looks away from his haggard, starved appearance; the Dementors had taken away all that too. Her papa told her otherwise, but she knew what beauty could have bloomed as a rose across her features had been snatched from her, just like all the beautiful things. Her earliest memory of beauty was when she had snuck away from the orphanage she had been left at so carelessly, like an unwanted belonging. They had been on a trip in London, so very close to the concert hall in which all proms worth noting happened. She had possessed a memory once, of the soft strokes of a violin, though she had long forgotten their sounds, and wondered if it were possible she should hear them again. No-one paid attention to the pale shadow that slipped inside, and up to one of the balconies- tucked away in the corner. She had heard the whole concert- the slips of bows against strings, the melodic tapping of the piano keys, the gentle thrums against the percussions and the violent blows of the trumpets and the trombones. She had heard it all, and it became her first memory of beauty. The next was when the orphanage had insisted upon all the girls 2 years and up entering the ballet class held in the dance school in the next town over. The matron had forgotten her, and left her behind in the corridors. So as she made her way through the gleaming walls and marble flooring, the ballerinas danced and danced; she watched with such large green eyes- the memory forever imprinted into her brain as the reason she wanted to learn such graceful steps. And now, the reason she knew not all beauty was lost in the horrors of what was left. There was only one final memory of beauty, and it had lived with her for so long before leaving. Those emerald eyes, the color of death- a beauty she could not quite conceive, so she feared it. But in his eyes, in Harry's eyes, it was so soft and beckoning that she would've gladly welcome it, if only to see those eyes one last time. Her brother's eyes were jewels in the darkness of Azkaban, and the sight that awoke her in nightmare, or spoke what Harry could not. It was beauty that had sworn to envision itself to her again, and yet still she waited in the seeping cold of the damp and the desperate. Her papa and uncle lay huddled in the next cell over, and her mother crossed in the corner of the cell opposite, humming promises in song. She was alone, like her mother, in her own cell. She had been alone for so long, she had nearly forgotten what it was like to share it. She had shared with Harry for a time, and her papa only one year. Her mother had been kept forcibly separate- a punishment to both. To never hold each other, for however long they sat and rot, wasting away as skeletons in the closet of the Light. . He was reminded of his promise by the dirty-blonde hair of Emilia Moon. He was reminded of his promise by the silver in the eyes of his classmate, Draco Malfoy. He was reminded of his promise by the damp chill that lingered in the dungeons. He was reminded of his promise by the nightmares that came each night, without fail. He was reminded of his promise by the dying pleads of outstretched hands in his mind. He was reminded of his promise by the petite, elegant hands of Diana Carefield. He was reminded of his promise by the sneers and wary glances. He was reminded of his promise by the scar etched into his ex-brother's forehead. He could never forget his promise to her. To them. That he would go back. That he would get them out. And he would do so, with the Dark Lord at his side. He remembered when Elladora Lestrange had been dragged in, kicking and cursing, by the only human visitors- if they could even be deemed human enough to acquire the status. She had been thrown into his cell- her high cheekbones scraping against the harsh grey slabs. And she had looked at him with those eyes that were a perfect blend of her parents', in a silent defiance, yet plea, of her begging for someone to hear her screams. His forehead pressed against the cold pains, as his memories slipped to the surface. It was another storm. The bleak grey waves crashed to an unknown symphony against the bleak grey shore of the bleak grey prison. They slammed against the walls occasionally, in time to the thunderous rain and the clapping of lightning that could not even light the sky properly; the bleak grey even destroying that little change. The only colour to break it up, was the colour of the inmates themselves- though they were all fading; their colours slowly dimming, until they too would join the bleak grey that all consumed. He was alone in his cell. Beside him was Rodolphus and Rabastan Lestrange. Across from him was Bellatrix Lestrange and Barty Crouch Jr. To the other side of him was Fenrir Greyback, who sat alone in his silver cage. They were tucked away in one of the darkest corners of the prison- to be forgotten as the darkest of the criminals there. The most dangerous. They often talked away their days; the parts of their days that was not spent in cries as the Dementors passed over them, or the part spent in exhaustion- eyes closed and breaths uneven. Shouts and pleas broke out further down the corridor- past what they could see. They were a girl's- not a woman's- but a girl's and he couldn't help but wonder if another child had been condemned for their silence. For their innocence. The prison's only visitors came in their blood red robes; the two each grasping a different part of the girl, as she wriggled and writhed and kicked and scratched. She was young. Tiny. Smaller than him, and younger than him. Yet her eyes were age old in their dead, silvery depths. Dirty-blonde hair was uncombed and caught in the breeze and actions of her desperate attempts to escape. None of them cared to assess the other visitors. They were just blurs in the memories they would be left with. The grated door unlocked with a clink, and swung open with an angry swoosh. The girl was thrown in violently, scraping against the harsh stone with a sharp sob. She didn't have time to try and escape, before the door was locked, and the visitors were leaving. For a while they merely looked at each other; one dully curious, and the other wide-eyed and resigned in suspicion. "Harry Potter," he offered. His voice was rasp- they never were given enough water. "Elladora Lestrange." Her voice was quiet, but told the stories of a thousand rivers lost in melody to the shrieks of songbirds as they met their bitter ends, and fell in swirling red to the waters below. There was no silence that followed her name; Rodolphus and Bellatrix were immediately pressed against their bars- straining to gain a closer look. Rabastan had snapped to attention, out of the depression that had overwhelmed him for three days already, and curled closer. Both Barty and Fenrir merely looked up and eyed her- waiting for the revelation of a closing curtain. Eyelids closed over burning eyes, as a deep breath sought to calm him. No. He would not forget his promise. And no. He would not fail in it. He would get them out. Even if it was the last thing he would ever do. . Fenrir had never, could never, condone the abuse of a child; the imprisonment of a child; the torture of a child. A child was to be cherished; to be loved. Many would scoff at the thought, pointing out all of his past failings, but he had never willingly bit a child that hadn't needed a family. And that was what being a werewolf brought; a family. A pack to return home to. There was only one, whom he had bitten for another reason. But it had been to protect the others, but all the same he regretted it. If only because he not foreseen what the boy's father would cause him to believe. Remus Lupin had been a misgiving on his part, and he would admit that. As much of a monster as they claimed him to be, he could not see how they were so different. The had tossed two children into the depths of Azkaban, to forever remain amongst the worse of criminals. He had become fiercely protective of little Harry when he arrived, and equally so of Elladora when she had been tossed aside, to the harsh reality of consequence. Not that there was much he could do- bound by a silver cage, and with no means of escape but the vain hope that the Dark Lord would return. His amber eyes slid over to the cell next to him, where Elladora lay curled into the tightest ball she could become. Those dark silver depths were wide and unblinking as they stared at nothing; the body trembling and the mind in the same turmoil and creative torture that they were all in, for various lengths, after each visit. He wanted to hold her; to protect her; to comfort her. But he could do none of those things; only watch. As her parents were forced to watch. As Rabastan was forced to watch. And as Barty was forced to watch. That was all they could do. Watch. Listen. And hope for a moment of sparse conversation between each episode. He often believed none of them would even hold any resemblance of sanity if they were alone. Their conversations, Elladora's lessons, were all they had to live for. All they had to keep them going. He sighed, the light of a nearly full moon tingling his senses. Even his blessing could not give him reprieve anymore. . It would be bearable, she had often decided, it would be bearable if it weren't for the Dementors. They had asked her what she heard- what she saw- when they passed over her, and she had never answered those questions. They could've guessed, but she spoke little of what she had been put through at the hands of muggles, and at the hands of the 'virtuous', and what she had told them was only to answer the question of why she was there in the first place. She hadn't meant to kill those people, but some part of her laughed with vindictive glee as the corpses were called to mind. They had caused her so much pain and suffering; she hadn't done anything. Her magic hadn't done anything. But she had been condemned twice over regardless. So what she saw, what she felt, what she heard with the haunting draw of a Dementor's breath was her damnation; her condemning. It was clinical and cold, though the stone walls dripped red with still echoing screams of those before her. She had been drugged after she had made it evident she would not go without a fight; her body was heavy and she could not move her limbs. The same preacher that haunted her Sundays stood with the same pitying look he always had, as though he personally knew she would drown in the fires of hell. Beside him was another, who was a man of concrete and salted gravel. There were others, in the shadows- each holding something she could not distinguish- their faces were blank and unsympathetic. She would receive no mercy here. Ankles and wrists were chained in each corner of the altar, giving her a darkened view of what was to be her first torture. The water. It rained down upon her in icy droplets, choking her as it 'cleansed' her of the evil. Not that she knew it; she only knew the burn as she couldn't breathe; she only knew her screams; she only knew the harsh echoing voice of the men that stood at her head; clasping hold of their belief that within her the devil resided. She was disorientated when the rain stopped. It was chanting. It was burning. There were prayers spoken. They got louder. And she became more fearful. She didn't want this. Who would? She wanted her parents back. She wanted the soft lullabies and kind smiles that were but dreams to ease herself to sleep with. Her magic wanted the same. But it took a more violent approach. The screams reverberated against the stone walls of the room; bouncing back at her and fuelling the protective fire that burned around her. Blades tore at limbs. Blood stained the floor and the walls and her skin. She could taste it. And she was stuck among it. Breathing in the scent of seven dead, and two fatally injured. Breathing in the scent of her first murder as it climbed down her throat and choked her in her own terror and tears. There would be no going back from this. And there would be no forgetting it either. Every moment was memorised and seared into her brain. She had only been a child. She still was a child. Fresh sobs racketeered throughout the dark corner of her prison; tearing at the heartstrings of her little make-do family. But eyes hardened rather than shattered. Revenge could not be taken away like beauty. The Dementors didn't care for it; so it would drive them through the insanity, the depression, and it would give them something to live for. It all relied on Harry now. Harry, and his mission to find the Dark Lord, and free them all. Even if he died trying. Even if…
Chapter 8- Accidentally a Hero The Forbidden Forest was clear cut and crystal clear; the cold autumn air perfectly still, and the trees so tightly packed stood as shields against prying eyes from the castle. The creatures were all silent for the night; even the nocturnal roamers; and magic hung thick in hazy mist. It spiralled inwards, getting denser and denser, until it reached the eye of the storm. It was a small clearing, with a pentagram dragged into the dirt- blood was soaked into the ridges and the spirals. In the centre of it all, a small boy kneeled, hunched over. Raven hair flopped across his face, hanging limp and damp, despite the lack of rain, present or recently passed. Hands gripped the soil before him- the tendons strained and the bones sticking out beneath the translucent skin, that almost glowed in the single silvery light shining through the canopy of leaves. Sharp pants brought forth and took back, puffs of water vapor, that shimmered slightly in the slowly fading glow of Avada-Kedavra eyes. Something had happened, something that would send an addictive thrill through the senses and a chill down the spine. Something that would make some of the Lightest, turn Dark, if only to experience the crackle of magic strike them down and make them feel alive for just one more moment. Not all rituals were like this. Some were more soothing, less of an adrenaline rush. But this was one to throw off the limitations of the Trace, a weaving of spells and enchantments so old that it was solid in its foundations. It was a basic ritual, admittedly, but the amount of blood from the caster needed was enough to throw those that did know of it off. Alongside its Dark label and the illegality of performing it. A smirk curled the corner of the boy's mouth, his eyes now a penetrating blue though the presence of green remained. A sense of self-satisfaction was present, as well as the knowledge of freedom. He couldn't be traced by the simple matter of being underage any longer, and he was hypersensitive to the idea of spells being cast his way, and his food and drink being laced. There was little chance they would trace him at all. Forced to do it the hard way. The muggle way. Just the thought sent a smile dancing across his eyes. Slowly he stood, brushing down his robes as he did so, absently using the gesture to also spend the time of freeing himself of all the dirt and blood that grimed him. He then turned to the evidence of what had just taken place, his eyes narrowed in thought. He could not dissipate the magical residue- that was one thing he had not been able to uncover in the time- but he could remove the more visual evidence. He took out his wand for this, though he would not usually need it having grown far too used to not having one, but the ritual had exhausted him somewhat and wands helped to refrain from depleting his magic too rapidly. Then he was walking, weaving in and out of the trees- paying no mind to what was around him. He knew the way, and he had his senses reached out to detect disturbance, so he was free to wander in his mind. There was much to do still, he knew, but he could not force himself to bring forth the plans for what happened next. The matter of Professor Quirrel still weighed to heavily on his mind- and an instinctual part of him knew that Quirrel was an important piece in the puzzle that was the missing Dark Lord. For he was missing- the ever present Dark Marks on his friends' arms proved Lord Voldemort's continued survival. Golden light burst through the windows of the castle, though not all of them. There were a few that were darkened by the lack of candles or torches or lit fireplaces, but not all that many. He wasn't afraid of being seen by anyone happening to look out of the window- he knew that they would all be at the feast. He sneered slightly at the thought- it was a mockery of true tradition. Of what Samhain was really about. The feast was filled with sweets and sugar, along with muggle ideals. But it also was an obstruction to those few, those select few, that continued to practice what had so long ago been outlawed. The corridors were quiet, and his footsteps echoed against the stone walls and floors. And he walked undisturbed and unnoticed, in peace and silence. That was, until he heard the shriek from a bathroom he was just about to pass. He paused, mulling over the idea, but curiosity won out his self-preservation, and he entered. A mountain troll, for that was what he was sure it was, towered among the line of sinks and the line of wooden cubicles. Dust and debris scattered the floor, being sprayed by a broke sink and decorated by the splintered wood of the collision between the large gnarled club and a cubicle. A familiar Gryffindor was huddled in the corner, under a sink. Her black robes were dirtied grey and her frizzy hair flattened down by the arms brought over her head as she panicked and worried. The troll roared, swinging its club down onto the same sink Hermione Granger was huddled under. She shrieked, just crawling out of the way in time. He narrowed eyes- what was a troll doing inside of Hogwarts? It was travesty that such a historical school had such poor defences. He twirled his wand, well, they would have to remedy that. "Ah-hm," he coughed. The troll swung round clumsily, grunting as it eyed him. It beat its club in the other hand as if trying to intimidate him. Whilst yes, he was re-evaluating his own sense of self-preservation, he was not at all intimidated. He raised an eyebrow, a simple enough gesture, designed for a simple mind- the troll's- to understand. As expected it roared and swung down the club- something he hastily side-stepped. He went through a hundred spells in his mind before deciding on one that a) would not get him expelled and b) was not going to deplete what was left of his core entirely. A simple severing charm would do it, even if it did have to be a little overpowered. "DIFFINDO!" All of his effort was thrown into this single spell, though a small part was held back should he need to use it, and the idea of being unconscious in front of a school of those who wished him ill was not something he was eager to achieve. There was a pause where the spell flew, and all three in the bathroom felt it. And then it hit, exactly where it was aimed. The neck. It was in the brief moment of decapitation that he briefly thought over the idea of becoming an executioner- he certainly would be good enough at it. The insufferable girl let out a horrified scream as the head became detached from the body- each falling at their own rate. The head lolled first, scattering across the bathroom floor. Then the body fell heavily against the stone with a thud and a disturbance in the dust. "You- you killed it." Slipping his wand up his sleeve, he inclined his head. "I presume you do not need any help in making your way to the hospital wing?" She gaped. "How can you be so calm?!" He looked up at her. "Should I be anything else? Miss Granger, it was a kill or be killed situation. What did you expect me to do? Be killed?" He sneered the last question mockingly. "Well…of, of course not," she stuttered, "But…" He couldn't help the amused smirk. "Oh I see, the little mudblood thought that the eleven-year-old everyone else had labelled as a murderer when he was six would be fretting over the idea of killing another sentient creature? I see how your logic works, it's very thorough." He rolled his eyes, "Now, if you'll excuse me, I'll be going…" "You most certainly will not!" He repressed a sigh, his whole body tensing and a scowl forming on his cool mask. He turned, coming face to face with Professor McGonagall, Professor Snape and a shaking Professor Quirrel. He couldn't help but narrow his eyes at the last one. He would find out his secret soon enough. "Professors," he acknowledged tightly. "What are you doing outside of your dormitories?" Professor McGonagall demanded shrilly, looking somewhat shaken at the scene she had walked into. "I'm sorry, were we meant to be there?" he asked, genuinely confused, "I thought the feast would still be going on…" "Due to the wanderings of a stray troll, students were asked to go to their dormitories, Mr Peverell-Slytherin," Professor Snape said slowly, "Which begs the question, why you are not in your dormitory?" "I was not at the feast, and therefore not aware of the demand, sir," he said simply, "I was just heading to said feast when Miss Granger's shriek spiked my curiosity." "Spiked…your curiosity?" Professor Snape repeated. He paused, gradually forming an invisible smirk. "It seems we have an accidental hero in our midst." He just about refrained from sneering. "I think not. Kill or be killed. As you can see, I chose the first option." Professor McGonagall turned her attention to the shaking lion. "And you Miss Granger? What were you doing outside of your dormitory?" Granger stumbled for a few moments. "I never made it to the feast. I wanted to spend some time alone…" "And naturally, the lavatory was your first choice," Snape drawled sarcastically. Granger blushed. "Well…I…" "Do not fluster the girl, Severus," McGonagall said sharply. "She's been through quite the ordeal." She turned her sharp eyes onto Harry. "Ten points to Slytherin Mr Peverell-Slytherin for aiding a fellow student, accidental or not. Quirinius, if you dispose of the body, I will be taking Miss Granger to the hospital wing." "O…of course M…Minerva," Quirrel stuttered, not missing the narrowing gaze of the single boy he had slipped up in front of. "If I may return to my dormitory then, Professors?" he said curtly, reminding them of his own presence and desires to leave their presence as soon as possible. Though he would not admit it, he had expended far too much magical energy in one night and was longing for the comfort of a bed. "You may," Professor Snape answered, stepping aside from the door. He walked past without a hesitation. The second he stepped into the safety of no-prying eyes, he slumped and allowed the exhaustion to mark his features. Yes, it had been a long night. . Hermione lay awake in the silence of her dormitory. Every so often she could hear one of her dorm mates roll over in their sleep, or an especially deep breath or sniffle, but other than that she was alone with her thoughts, and loud they were. Madam Pomfrey had discharged her with the simple prescription of taking it easy lest the shock settle in. That would be when she was in most danger. Hermione hardly thought she would go into shock- she had had her embarrassing, moment of freaking out when Harrison first killed the troll. She did not look at herself favorably in that moment- already she was basking in the mortification. And he had so coolly brushed her off, though she had not missed the taunting amusement in his eyes. It was all making her rethink however. She had, of course, heard what had happened in the Library some weeks ago- the same week Lily Potter died in fact, and though it was only rumors she had heard, it had begun the questioning of just what Saeviour, and everyone else in Gryffindor had been telling her. She was smart, she had always prided herself on that, so she knew when she heard the rumors that she had made a fatal mistake. She had taken the word of a single body, and not looked at it from both sides of the argument. Of the feud. She had never enjoyed Ronald's presence. He was loud and brash and rude, not to mention jealous of just about everything he could not have and could not be. He covered it up by pretending not to care about his grades, about school in general, nor the legacy is brothers were leaving behind them. Though she did not approve of Fred and George's past time, she could not deny they were intelligent, just as Percy was and just as she had heard Charlie and Bill were. She could admit that his inferiority-complex was well-founded but she had stopped caring the second he had lashed out at her so violently. For two months she had been a friend to him, helped him with his homework. Practically wrote it for him, but that did not stop the hurtful words spewing from his mouth. Saeviour had not said anything, though he had not said much since his mother died, except when he was cursing and cat-calling his brother and blaming him for her death. She understood why Saeviour didn't speak out- he didn't want to lose Ron just as he lost his mother- but that didn't stop it from hurting any more than Ron's torment. So she had done what she had always done with the bullies back in primary school. She had run. When the troll came in, she had frozen. Her endless study and practice of magic had not helped her when she needed it most and she had stood there gaping as her life flashed before her eyes. She had screamed and run though she had not run to the exit like she should've. Nor had she tried to defend herself. She had been pathetic. She had been so helplessly weak. That was when Harrison had come in. He had strolled in, looking so calm and collected- pausing before he took out his wand. He had coughed, grabbing the troll's attention, side-stepped its efforts and swiftly killed it with a fourth-year spell. And Hermione had freaked. Lying there in the dark, she blushed still, thinking about it. How humiliating. She was the best in her year but at the slightest hint of danger and she was nothing but a child playing at make belief. Harrison had passed off his presence as curiosity for her shriek. She believed this. But what she wondered on was why he had stayed and chosen to help. The troll hadn't noticed his presence. He could've turned and walked away. Allowed her to be killed. No-one would've known any different. But he hadn't. He had saved her. Now this was where she was at a conundrum. Harrison Peverell-Slytherin, the so-called mass murderer, recently dropped of all charges though nobody wholly believed it, the big-bad Slytherin, the Dark Wizard, the Death Eater, had saved her. And mudblood. Someone he despised. Could barely stand to be around. And so, it was this she wondered. Maybe Harrison wasn't so evil as everyone made him out to be. Just maybe, he wasn't so bad after all. Last chapter for a few months maybe less. I hoped you enjoyed it and if you have any suggestions I will gladly take them. Please leave a review, thank you.
Chapter 9- Draco Malfoy His eyes were narrowed in thought, and his expression clean from everything except the smallest of signs of frustration. He was seemingly oblivious to his surroundings but the ever tense and alert way he held himself showed the Slytherins that his instincts were as sharp as ever and woe betide anyone who dared touch him. Draco couldn't help the curiosity as he watched. He was sick of watching. There was an itch within him that wanted to get behind those ever present walls and discover exactly what was going on. It was impossible to actually get beyond those bloody walls of his and discover his secrets that Draco desperately wanted to discover and find what lied behind those haunting eyes that seemed to hold secrets that he wanted to know and why Harrison was hiding so many secrets that caught his curiosity. Harrison Pervell-Slytherin the mysterious person to ever step foot in Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry that captured him wanting to know all of his secrets. It didn't help that Harrison wasn't an open book and even legilimency couldn't find out what Harrison was hiding as he was skilled which annoyed Draco greatly. It wasn't like he was foolish enough to try and use Legilimens on him as he barely even started on his landscape for occumancy while Harrison already mastered his and prevented the master of legilmens to finding the secrets he beheld. This was probably going to kill Draco if he didn't the satisfaction of his curiosity to Harrison. Waiting was just taking forever and Draco wasn't sure how long until blasted Harrison did something that would assuage his curiosity to the adolescent. *Open,* Harrison hissed which Draco widen in his eyes. Harrison was a bloody parselmouth. That was practically unheard of the last parselmouth that been at Hogwarts was the Dark Lord himself. What else was harrison hiding? That made Draco even more curious of him. He didn't talk much, always had a book with him and he disappeared than reappear every few hours which made Draco furstrated with him. This really was going to take a while to find out all of his secrets. "Draco, you could come out now," Harrison called out which made Draco widen his eyes in shock. Draco came out of his hiding place the one he'd been spying on Harrison. How the hell did he knew that Draco has been hiding there. He was somewhat far away and could still see him but how the hell did he knew that he'd been watching him from a distance? It made no sense of how he knew. Of course, Harrison knew everything and probably wouldn't be surprised if he knew if someone was watching him. "How the hell did you know I spying on you?'' Draco demanded. Harrison laughed. It was a cruel one that made Draco flinched from the sudden noise before he replied, "Oh please, I knew you've been spying on me… I suppose I can't blame you for your curiosity but I'm not going to reveal all my secrets to you." "How long have you spoke Parseltongue?" Draco blurted out. Harrison went quiet which spooked Draco greatly that sent shivers up his spine. His Avada Kedavra eyes seemed to glow even more to which it seemed Harrison knew everything about him and from other pupils which Draco wasn't surprised especially at the sorting feast a few months ago. "You should really hide better and keep your thoughts to yourself," Harrison brushed off as if it was nothing but from his tone sounded like he didn't want to talk about it. "Talk to me," Draco nearly yelled at Harrison which Harrison flinched. Harrison walked past him leaving Draco dumbfounded of what he said a few moments ago. His curiosity was definitely getting the better of him and that didn't even assuage to his curiosity but only made it worse. Harrison was a damn parselmouth which made Draco even more curious of what he was hiding. It was no secret that Harrison been in Azkaban for something he didn't do but Draco wanted to know what happened before he previously got dragged off to Azkaban. … Harrison walked to the library hoping to find a book about basilisks or at least he could find a book about them. He already knew that basilisks kill people looking straight at their eyes making him curious. It wasn't like he was going to set it on anyone even though that might be tempting for Saeviour and his little group of friends. But he couldn't focus on revenge especially with her still in Azkaban. Speaking of Saeviour, he and his little trio of a blood traitor and the little mudblood that he saved a few nights ago were being fairly loud spilling whatever they were talking about to the nearby pupils around them but it didn't spiked his curiosity even though the bit of what Saeviour was talking about did sounded interesting but he wasn't reckless to eavesdrop into their conversation and find out what they were planning. "There's a three-headed dog on the forbidden corridor," Saeviour murmured almost in a frighten voice which made Harrison pause in his steps. This was probably going to be interesting. "Did you see what it was standing on?" replied the mudblood sounding snobby. "We were to busy looking at the heads," the blood traitor said with Saeviour nodding in agreement. Harrison rolled his eyes getting tired of eavesdropping into the conversation with the stupid squib for the boy-who-lived, the blood traitor and the know-it-all mudblood. They were so clueless what the three-headed dog's moniker was. If he wasn't so focused on the Chamber, the Dark Lord resurrected and getting them out he probably would be curious about it but he couldn't allow him to do that. "Harrison," the mudblood greeted which Harrison almost dropped the book he searched for. "What, mudblood?'' Harrison snapped. "I just wanted to thank you for saving me the other night," the mudblood replied. Harrison said nothing only pushing her away as he exited the library leaving the mudblood and her friends in the library dumbstruck at his sudden departure but it wasn't like Harrison cared. He had a mission to do and he wouldn't be blinded by vengeance and hatred against others; it can't happen not with Elladora still in there. He promised that he would resurrect the Dark Lord and save them. Harry stepped into the girl's washroom that has been abandon for a while by the looks of it with no one coming out of the stalls or anyone chatting to someone. It was eerie quiet which gave Harrison a small bit of goosebumps. There was no babbling idiots around which was probably a good thing. *Open,* he hissed, watching the sink move and descending downwards revealing a dusty pipe which Harrison slid down into the dark pathway that should lead to Salazar's Chamber of Secrets at least from the directions he was told. Lighting a quick Lumos with his wand he steered to the pathway noticing the bones surrounding him which made a crunching noise as he passed by until he reached a doorway with snakes on it. *Open,* Harrison hissed, his Avada Kedavra eyes watching the door open revealing the murky place of the Chamber of Secrets. I'm not sure if this chapter is up to your standards, I had a small minor problem of how to write this chapter as there was only a small part written and well I wrote most of this. Let me know what you think. The next chapter won't most likely be until next month hopefully as I have a general idea of it but I don't know.
Chapter 10-Chamber of Secrets Harrison stepped forth in the eerie green, Chamber of Secrets. He'd finally found it and hopefully it could actually have its uses for him. Salazar said that it had a few helpful items to help with his intentions but at least he wouldn't get provoked by all those provoking children and their silly whines about stuff that wasn't even necessary but they were spoiled brats to have everything handed to them while he suffered in Azkaban with those nasty dementors but that was in the past now. Harrison could still here Draco's words echoing inside of his head but it wasn't like he was going to tell him at least not yet. Those were memories that should remain hidden deep hidden behind his occumancy shields and realize how much the Potters time was ticking away. At least he could actually be alone and ponder on in his thoughts trying to avoid those memories that haunted him and were harsh to relive in after getting a haunting, long five years of it recrudesce everyday in Azkaban when those dementors wanted to feed and those nightmares that continued on throughout the nights; with those repulsive memories of being neglected and being a prisoner in Azkaban. It was a price to pay for spending time in Azkaban. He drifted across the slippery, wet, stone pavement with ease with his eyes flashing at the head that looked identical to Salazar's that concealed the beast that laid in a deep slumber for a while; for almost fifty years perhaps if he done the math correctly and the attacks in the 1940's before the culprit was caught and brought to justice if he recalled correctly from those books that aided him with a bit of information. He knew what the type of monster it was but calling the basilisk, a monster, brought shivers down Harrison's spine. A word that he could never escape but at least it wasn't directed towards him but the basilisk herself; Harrison always abhorred that word along with freak, those brought back unpleasant memories that he didn't wish to relive. *Open,* Harrison hissed, his mask could barely even contain the small glint of glee that was shown in AK eyes for a few seconds before it was replaced with a blank mask. Now was not the time to show emotions especially if he didn't know if someone was watching him with either curiosity, astonishment and maybe a bit of terror but there hasn't been a parselmouth at Hogwarts in decades according to Salazar, but he wouldn't rely on him though even though he was thousands of years old. He knew that people could lie easily as being honest which Harrison hated it as it reminded him about Lord Potter and his prevarications. *Amara, reveal yourself.* *Why should I?* came the response of the basilisk as the snake slithered of the head's mouth which Harrison lowered his gaze so he wouldn't be petrified or worse, killed leaving his plans unfinished besides he swore that he would come back for them and resurrect the Dark Lord, wherever he may be located at; if he was still alive but his suspicions of Quirrel and his spurious stutters made him curious who he was taking along for the ride but it could only mean the Dark Lord but he could be wrong. Harrison's gaze was still lingering on the floor and he hissed back, *I wish for a safe passage so I could do some research... I won't be setting you on the students.* No matter how much it might bother me. He silently added as he doubted that Amara would be pleased to hear that. After a few moments Amara hissed, *Very well.* Harrison smirked, his posture becoming more relaxed but just slightly. *Thank you,* Harrison hissed out. *Is there any way I could look at you without me being petrified or killed at your eyes?* *My species has a second eyelid that conceals of being petried or killed by look at me,* Amara hissed. *You could look now, speaker." Harrison looked at the prodigious snake with its dark, green scales reflecting in the poorly lit room but she was a beautiful snake though. Harrison showed his gratitude at being able to look at Amara before Amara disappeared back into the mouth with Harrison on her tail. Harrison strolled into where the basilisk herself resided in with her eyes closed once more. He casted a small lumos and looked inside. Dust lingered everywhere which made Harrison assume if no one ever stepped forth in this room since Salazar's time from the layers of dust that resided in the room which Harrison was tempted to cast a cleaning spell to find something that might be important to him at least it would actually be much easier to find. He casted a quick spongify and the room looked much cleaner and easier to find something from the tidiness of the room. He found a small bookshelf in the back of the room that he would've missed if it wasn't for the light coming from his wand which Harrison picked up a book hidden behind a few books which made Harrison raise his eyebrow, curious of why this book was hidden behind the books as if no one should know of its existence. He grabbed the book and exited out of the chamber leaving Amara hibernating back in the room. Harrison walked out of the girls' washroom and headed towards the dungeons, wanting to read the book he found in the chamber as he was curious of its contents but he got interrupted by a certain blonde along the way there. "Harrison," a familiar voice called out which made Harrison turned around to see the familiar blonde and his storm grey eyes staring upon him. "It was tactless of me for me to encroach on your personal life that I doubt you'd wish to discuss with me." Harrison raised his eyebrow and simply said, "You were curious to find out what secrets I have which I suppose I can't blame you for but in time you may know. It isn't exactly a secret of why I was sent to Azkaban for doing something I didn't do if you bother to read the Daily Prophet… But I suppose I could accept your apology." Draco sighed in great relief which made Harrison give him an odd look as if Harrison could break his "friendship" with the blonde as he simply put it. Harrison knew the blonde had connections which it could be good for his plans, hopefully. But there couldn't be no hopefully, he had a mission to do. "Thank you," Draco breathed. "But if you really want to know I could tell you later or get the boy-who-lived to tell you my secrets that happened before I was shipped to Azkaban as he would probably love to tell you of how much I'm so evil and deserve that punishment but in his words, "You're a slimy snake and a death eater so why should I tell you?" that won't happen," Harrison finished saying. "Just tell me," Draco pleaded which made Harrison stared at him. Begging definitely didn't fit him but Harrison suppose he couldn't stop him but curiosity was definitely going to kill him or maybe bite him in the arse later but it didn't suite the Malfoy heir at all. "Very well," Harrison said. … "Sit," Harrison ordered, gesturing Draco to sit on his bed. He casted a privacy ward so that no one could eavesdrop in the conversation nor could they report back to anyone. Just a little precaution if that ever happened and he wouldn't get in trouble and be sent back to Azkaban because he was discussing stuff that wasn't meant for the ill-fated ones and stuff that shouldn't be talked about in front of the manipulative headmaster and his little puppets. Harrison wouldn't risk that. Draco listened and looked at Harrison uncomfortably from his posture and his gaze trying to avoid Harrison's AK eyes that seemed to hold wisdom and something more bitter and cold that seemed to be located in a cold mountain, with the wind blowing fiercely and he was alone. "You wish to know my secrets don't you?" Before Draco could respond, Harrison continued on, "I'm just sharing of how I've discovered I was a parselmouth but the tale's dark so you could leave if you want." Draco remained where he was and Harrison continued on, "Very Well." "It all started one day..." Harrison's voice cracked slightly as he was scared before he trudged on; his voice void of any emotions but Harrison wasn't the one to show emotions. Maybe it was due to his insanity but who knows. Harrison could tell from Draco's posture that he was both scared and excited but maybe this could be a good thing but Harrison didn't know for sure. AN: I was suppose to upload this a few days ago on my birthday but I only had 500 words done and it wasn't even completed nor was it proofread so it had tons of mistakes. I'm aware of I left on a cliffhanger so you have to wait until the next update. It is my late birthday present to you readers. I'm in my last week of school than on winter break so the next update should be here before 2017 ends.
Chapter 11-Past revealed Harrison took a deep breath before he spoke in a neutral way that suggested that he either wasn't pleased to tell anyone about or that he was depending on which one Harrison chose but that choice was obvious; he was displeased about telling a soul about his previous living conditions before he was shipped to Azkaban even though he was only six years old. Who sends an innocent child to Azkaban? The Ministry was run by dunderheads that couldn't see past their noses for two minutes especially the minister who threw him in Azkaban in the first place but they were going to pay hopefully with the Dark Lord also if everything goes correctly. "It was a somewhat humid day with a few clouds and the sun shining. I could hear the squeals and laughter coming from Saeviour and the Potters as I stood out in what was called "my room" then but it wasn't exactly a room but I wasn't the Boy-Who-LIved, just a child who hated being the centre of attention as every week it seemed like; witches and Wizards came over and fawn over the Boy-Who-Lived as he survived the AK curse and obilerating the Dark Lord into pieces as everyone obviously knows the story about his magical defeat with the power he had but it equaled to a squib maybe a little more powerful as he couldn't cast a few spells back then… Pathetic if you'd ask me." "How does this relate to you finding out that you're a parselmouth?" Draco blurted out which made Harrison roll his eyes as his question. "Patience," Harrison drawled. "Anyways…" "Harrison, come and play with us and join us outside," Lady Potter's voice echoed into the room which made my heart skip a beat as I heard those words, echoing inside my head as I still remember thinking that they really want me to be in their little family and they actually want my existence around but I was only five years old, too ignorant to even question why they wanted me outside and join them. "Coming," I told her with a small true smile formed as I was excited that they actually me around and be a part of the family as we used to be or so I was told before the Dark Lord came but that was really tactless of me for believing in those lies back then. I headed outside with a small bounce in my step but by the time I got out there, the Potters already headed back to what they were previously doing, ignoring my presence once more but I was heartbroken and sat in the grass, staring at the trees that surrounded the manor with a bitter sting of rejection but I knew I should have known better. They only remembered my existence for only a few minutes that they had another child that lived with them. *Watch it,* a snake hissed which I was so surprised to hear as it sounded like English but I merely gave it a curious glance at the miniscule garden snake. *Sorry,* I hissed back to which made the Snake to freeze at the sudden response. I didn't know that was an incredible rare, dark talent that I possessed but I was a merely five year old kid back then," Harrison explained with a somewhat bitter tone as he finished his story that he really didn't want to tell Draco about but he begged to. "Did the Potters ever found out?" Draco blurted out after a few minutes of silence. "Now that would be another story for another time, Draco," Harrison chuckled to himself at Draco's question but he really was curious. "You only wanted to know about when I found out that I was parselmouth so that would be a story for another time if I allow it." … Harrison walked around the castle in disdain of being extremely bored and there was nothing to do which was very uncommon for him. His fellow Slytherins were being a little too loud for his tastes in the common room which greatly annoyed him that he couldn't focus on reading the parseltongue book he found but for some odd reason, he had a yearn to do something else. He turned into the second floor corridor, perfectly content of wanting to blow something up after Saeviour's whippy accusations and for telling Draco about one of his personal memories that he never wanted to reveal to anyone. It just reminded him of everything that turned to dusk before his almost final snapping cord of being sent to Azkaban. He still couldn't believe that he acted like that but that was years ago but he knew should have known better for knowing that they should never want him. He was too dark for their tastes. He was never a part of their family but at least all those bridges were finally burned when Lord Potter decided to disown him publicity, hoping to make him mad but it only made him relieved. He ran into the blood traitor twins of all people but it was better than Saeviour and his vapid companions that he chose to mingle with; of course, intelligence disowned Saeviour a long time ago so it would explain his interests in his vapid companions and handing out with those blood-traitors that he all seemed to love and hanging off of the headmaster's ramblings and thinking the words he said was the law. "A little snake out in the dungeons, Gred, what should we do about him?" The one who told his brother which made Harrison sneer at their lack of manners but it wasn't like he could escape them while he was at Hogwarts. "Get out of my way," Harrison snapped, his fists clenched in anger but it was so unlike him to lose his anger but there was a first time for everything. "A little birdie told us that you held resentment towards Saeviour and his little friends that includes our dear brother. We can't really stand them as it's so annoying but we have a proposition for you," the other twin said to which it almost made Harrison gape in surprise. These menacing twins actually had a proposition for him? This was going to be interesting maybe even more after he was going to released from Azkaban after those agonizing, five years. "Okay, I'm listening…" Harrison said, brushing off his anger wanting to hear about the Weasley twins proposition. I solved my tiny bit of writer's block so yay. Which is kinda sad though but I wasn't expecting to get a chapter up so soon from what a few days ago so you readers should be grateful I got an update out before 2017 ends maybe get a next one out soon. It also brought to my attention of I'm getting a few nasty reviews because they don't like the story. If you don't like the story than don't read it, simple as that. I really don't care what you think. This is my imagination so shut it. Leave a review down below if you want. Update: I forgot to do italics as well it worked on Google Docs but haha, my mistake.
This chapter will be split up in 2 parts as I didn't want to write a 4k chapter which will probably be too long for this so the next chapter might take me a little longer but it will be before 2017 ends so don't worry about that. Chapter 12- The Meeting Part 1 Harrison followed the menacing twins to a different room so they could discuss things privately which is probably smart on the twins part but that was from his perspective but these were the sons of blood-traitors but judging from their tone of voices and their postures, they were against their family and shared the same hatred to their family just like Harrison abhorred his family. "What do you two want?" Harrison inquired, itching towards his hand just in case this was a trap and he should fight back. It was probably an instinct that made him act like that; from the neglected treatment and some of the abusement that scarred his mind forever. "You've mentioned a proposition before you dragged me here." "We may have something to offer you as we've noticed from a little object that's very dear of us-" a twin started. "That you've been disappearing off the map from the girls lavatory on the second floor than come back a few hours later so where you've been going?" The other twin finished. "Somewhere," Harrison replied quickly. It wouldn't do him good for someone to find out where he has been going to but he was bewildered of the map the twins talked about briefly even if it was only one word. "The little snake's is very secretive more than Dumbledore and his little schemes," Twin number 1 told Twin number 2 which almost made Harrison's head spin from their sentences and their small schemes. These twins actually loathed Dumbledore that was definitely music to his ears. "What do you about Dumbledore?" Harrison asked in a suspicious way which made him curious about what the twins actually knew about him. Hopefully what they knew could probably dwindle Dumbledore's reputation as the light saviour and his dangerous schemes. He never trusted Dumbledore before he was sent to Azkaban as he didn't even help him while the dementors dragged him off with him crying for somebody to help him and screeching at the top of his lungs for his parents. But everyone was their ignored him. He was an innocent child but Dumbledore waved him off as a guilty child who deserved to rot in hell for what he done or so what he was told but the trial was a haze from what happened previously and after. Something he abhorred greatly. "Tell us where you've been going first," Twin 2 said to him which almost made Harrison annoyed at their response but Harrison assumed that it was fair; the information to know where he's been going for the possible dirt on Dumbledore that could bring Dumbledore's reputation down possibly. "Very well," Harrison sighed before he continued on, "I've been going to the Chamber of Secrets." "The Chamber of Secrets," Twin 1 breathed to which almost made Harrison roll his eyes at some of their stupidity but he had to give these twins a chance. The Chamber of Secrets was after all a legend that may exist or may not according to Hogwarts: A History but Harrison knew better. He was possibly the only one alive who knew about the Chamber that Salazar built in secret after his feud against the other founders. Only a parselmouth could open it which was actually obvious. "The legend is real," Twin 2 breathed. "How long have you known besides exploring the dungeons for a few weeks?" "How did you know I explored the dungeons for a few weeks after I've been sorted? Have you been spying on me like Draco has?" Twin 1 laughed before he replied, "It's due to our map and know we haven't been spying on you like the Malfoy prat." Harrison sighed as if a great relief has been taken off of his shoulders. At least no one has been spying on him like Draco has possibly for a week or more but he couldn't exactly blame the blonde for being a little curious but he needed to have more faith in him. It wasn't like Harrison was going to tell everyone about his very bitter past to which he hated that it sorta caused him nightmares but everything came with a price; some of which made him angry about. As if it was his fault that he had anger issues sorta and major resentment to people that gave him harm instead of those confronting words every child wished to hear but they made an innocent child to grow up too quickly for his liking. A child that held years of resentment, anger and bitterness towards the adults that made him like this specifically the Potters and their git of a spawn. Harrison had a part of his plan done after finding Salazar and finding the Chamber of Secrets, Lady Potter was deceased to which he didn't really care. She just watched as he got dragged away by the dementors which made him mad and tried to apologize to him for her resentment and neglect of a magical child but he swatted it away. That little boy she knew was gone. There was still a lot of steps to complete, he hasn't even found where the Dark Lord is located nor was he resurrected him yet. That was the keyword right there "yet". His plans were just an ambitious endeavor of his revenge but he was planning to make his move by the end of the school year if that was possible. "Thank you I guess," Harrison finally said after a few minutes of awkward silence. "Now about what you know about Dumbledore." "Maybe we should get Black to tell him as he could probably explain it better than us," twin 1 said to his twin. "At least someone tell me what you two are scheming about? What does this have to deal with Black?" Harrison inquired which made him narrow his eyes at the not straight answers that he was getting by the twins. They grinned like cheshire acts which Harrison almost regretted running into them. … Harrison followed the twins hesitantly as they entered Knockturn Alley which he did not understand how the twins could be able to sneak off with him in tow without getting in trouble. Harrison assumed that the teachers would probably dock off points for their absences but it wasn't like they cared about their reputation neither did he. Everyone automatically assumed that he was insane and evil which Harrison liked as it was partially true. He most likely was insane but at least it wasn't like the Lestranges' insanity especially Bellatrix's as she was nasty. A small guilt twinged him as a reminder that he was free while she is suffering in her cell alone with a few of the Death Eaters that were caught and tossed in Azkaban as punishment for serving the Dark Lord. "What are we doing in Knockturn Alley?" Harrison hissed, glancing at a few creatures that were deemed "dark" but that was really low but humanity always had a hard time liking what was different. It would explain why Muggles feared magic, and people fearing people whom were different than them that created all those pathetic wars that could've been prevented. "This is where Black is always located after Potter kicked him out," Twin 1 replied, opening a door after they gone deep into Knockturn Alley where no one really adventured into. "Potter, kicked him out," Harrison chuckled to himself. "That's low of him… He was best buds with Potter and usually came over a lot before…" "I'm aware of what happened," someone commented behind them to which made Harrison stiffen up and itching towards his wand at the interruption but he didn't jump like some normal person would. Harrison turned around to see a man with shaggy, wild black mane with those haunting dark eyes that the Blacks were known for. This was Sirius Black. "I wasn't expecting you two for another month or so," Sirius said to the twins. "Well, the snake here wanted answers and we decided to hand him to you," Twin 1 said to him. "So it's true… You still look like you've been in Azkaban for far too long from your crazy glint in your eyes but everyone knows Azkaban doesn't give people the nicest manners," Sirius commented which made Harrison's eye twitch at the comment he made. "So I've been told," Harrison said dryly. "You should know better than that… My sanity has been questioned before I was thrown in Azkaban as you should know from your past visits if I remembered correctly." "It isn't my fault, Harrison… I would have tried to get you if I knew what the Potters have been planning from the very start," Sirius tried to explain to Harrison as best as he could. Harrison laughed as if this wasn't news to him. He heard this a lot. "It isn't my fault" followed by "You were always a terrible babe" and lastly followed by"You always have been dark ever since you took your first breath." Those were words that always echoes in his head as he tried to sleep peacefully at night but he knew he couldn't get a peaceful rest not until he could get them up. Fate never stop giving pure shit to Harrison and he said, "So I've been told." "You were my godfather… You were supposed to protect me from them but you never did." Harrison's face turned into fiery but he continued on, "You didn't know how much they abused me emotionally, physically and mentally… You believed those lies they told you." "Harrison, I'm sorry," Sirius replied in a somnolent tone. "Are you done with your anger?" "A little," Harrison replied, trying to compose himself. It was kinda true that he was a little better. He'd been bottling up his anger and resentment towards the people that betrayed him years ago but he knew he couldn't take it up on his godfather. It wasn't his fault that he had these issues and that his godfather didn't know about the truth that hid beneath the Potter Manor's walls. No one knew. They thought they were a perfectly normal family that didn't had another spawn that shared their blood but that was a long time ago back when he still thought he still had a family before those bridges been burned by a wildfire burning everything in its path. "Now tell me what you know about Dumbledore and his scheming plans," Harrison said with his tone that bought shivers down everyone's spine. His tone so bitterly dark which Harrison didn't care. He was a little shock that the twins knew Sirius Black, man he was not seen in five years but it was defiantly a shocker that Potter dumped his best friend. Much longer than the last chapter so no complaining that the chapter is short. The chapters will range 1.2k to 2k so you can't complain about the length. I'm actually surprised I actually started this chapter and finished this chapter today which is a double update today because I'm being nice and I couldn't really do anything else as my mind didn't want to do anything else and I had lots of muse after I completed the last chapter which is totally strange for me to write another chapter so quickly after writing one in the span of a few hours.
I may be overreacting but seriously I'm done. I'm so done with this. Stop accusing me for the chapters being so short and terrible. If you don't like this stop reading it because I can't handle it anymore. I want some criticism not this this chapter is so short and kinda a let down. Oh I'm sorry, do I have to be bloody perfect at everything? I just want to make this known because the next chapter won't be done until 2018 because now I can't focus on anything. Albus Dumbledore Albus Dumbledore didn't know what to do about that young prodigy of one Harrison Pervell that reminded him greatly of the previous prodigy of one Tom Marvolo Riddle. He just wanted to get that one boy out of the way as he knew he could be the downfall. Cold and Calculating, everything Tom Riddle had been during his stay at Hogwarts. Those Ak eyes always stared at him, every time he visited the Potters and cherish the Boy-Who-Vanquished-The-Dark-Lord and it provoked him greatly. When James Potter declared that the boy was disowned publicity, he expected arise from the brat but he only laughed. When he sent the brat to Azkaban along with the Ministry, he didn't expect the brat to get released but it only made him more cruel and haunting. But Albus doubted that it was too late to save him from his tactics. He was probably doomed. This is just a preview so no accusing me of length and plus I could have an author note in the story as long as it has a chapter to go along with it. I just wanted to make this known because if you're trying to get a rise out me well it worked. This is the only story where I'm afraid to post a chapter because it always includes a terrible review and makes me afraid to see: A new review has been posted to Child of Azkaban: Chapter _.
Chapter 13- The Meeting Part 2 "Very well than," Sirius replied. "You know there's something hidden that lies in Hogwarts?" "Of course… It would explain why Dumbledore would leave an encrypted message and not tell the prefects about what was hidden and the break out that happened at Gringotts," Harrison said in an neutral voice. "What does that have to deal with Dumbledore?" Sirius remained quiet with Harrison gobsmacked at his idiocy. Of course, the damn headmaster would do that to them. Who the hell hides an object where there was students and teachers in the damn school? Apparently, Albus too many bloody names Dumbledore would hide an object with a school filled with innocents. He really was inane unless. Unless, Dumbledore was trying to lure someone towards the certain object and used someone who hung onto every word that Dumbledore spoke as if his words were the law. "Nevermind than, that old man is insane perhaps even more than me," Harrison murmured of which it was probably true. His sanity was questionable and after being liberated from Azkaban, he had a part to play though. "We have reason to believe that the Philosopher's Stone is hidden and placed on the forbidden corridor of the third floor," Sirius said to him which would actually make sense if he actually cogitated on it. Dumbledore lost his mind but it wasn't like Harrison knew that with Dumbledore's shady past and his common phrase, "For the greater good" it would drive anyone frenzied. He execrated that phrase with passion as he heard it when the dementors dragged him away as if he was some vermin that needed to be obliterated for its existence but that was only briefly though, "It's for the greater good, James and Lily… We can't have a murder on the loose after he killed those virtuous people." Those words made Harrison want to gag. Who in the right mind would believe that? Apparently everyone. After all Dumbledore was everything besides the Minister of Magic but some said he wanted that job. "It is the only rational explanation there is, of why the third floor is forbidden to staff and students…" Harrison trailed off, with his usual blank masked replaced by a cruel smile which could bring shivers down anyone's spine. He then let out a cruel laugh at the thought before he finally shared it, "Dumbledore you are truly fucked." "Indeed," Sirius sneered. "Especially drawing out the Dark Lord out as bait like that." "He already signed his death warrant the day he decided he had enough of me and his schemes for the 'greater good' as he likes to call it." "You truly despise Dumbledore?" Sirius inquired. "Of course, after all the man tossed me in Azkaban," Harrison scoffed, "Be prepared for the Dark Lord when he returns because with that information you gave… That tidbit of information just lost the Light side and helped me." "We already have," Sirius replied dryly. "Good." "Is there anything else that you know 'bout Dumbledore?" Harrison questioned. "Besides he was a lover towards Grindelwald and threw him in prison after he defeated him but everyone does that if people look closely at the history they had together," Twin 1 said which almost made Harrison roll his eyes; that wasn't anything new though. Harrison knew that back when he laid in a cell. It was where Dumbledore at his phrase, "It's for the Greater Good" from where Grindelwald once used back when he was terrorizing the world with his attacks. "And he was involved when creating You-Know-Who." Harrison almost choked when he heard the information that Twin 1 shared with him. It seemed that Dumbledore wasn't really all that innocent and had a lot to hide; but he wondered what would happen if this miniscule information got out for the public to know about while they read the Daily Prophet but maybe he should that. Once he was done with his responsibility that he covenanted before all this shit went down. Oh how much Harrison would enjoy his horror struck face once he read the Daily Prophet that is if he was still at Hogwarts though by that time or he could silently enjoy but he finally said, "Do tell." "Dumbledore really isn't that innocent as everyone made out to be especially if he was once deputy headmaster decades ago…" Twin 2 said before continuing on. "He came to this decrepit, pauperized a little more than the Weasley's but there lived a wizard that he came to see for his Hogwarts Letter but that was a long time ago though… "The child didn't trust him though and was very interested into what Dumbledore had to say though possible because there was others out there of what the child could do but didn't accept Dumbledore's offer to go with him in Diagon Alley…" "How do you know about this?" Harrison inquired. "We got in a little mischief which we were sent to the Headmaster's office and well we looked through the pensieve and found all of this information of one Tom Marvolo Riddle, the future Dark Lord or well now the present," Twin 1 replied in almost a bored manner. "The young Wizard told him that he could speak to snakes which really frighten him. Once, Riddle came to Hogwarts he was sorted into Slytherin and was considered a prodigy throughout his years at Hogwarts which he begged Dippet, the headmaster at the time, to stay for the summer because he didn't want to return to the orphanage but Dumbledore denied him, of course. It wasn't until the attacks came and killed a student which Dumbledore got suspicious of Riddle and never trusted him again though," Twin 2 finished leaving Harrison astonished at the information. Tom Marvolo Riddle also known to the world as Lord Voldemort, the Dark Lord he was trying to resurrect back. The Dark Lord and Harrison really kinda had a similar childhood though if he actually thought about it though. The only difference was that Harrison hung out with the Death Eaters a lot as he really didn't had an option though. The Death Eaters informed him about their Lord and his tactics though before he fell. They weren't really that bad for company though besides Bellatrix. She really was vile though especially when he shared a cell with her for a bit though. "Anything else?" Harrison asked in an impatient tone after he casted tempus to look at the time. He really needed to get back though before the blonde started to wonder where he was off to and besides he wanted to take a look at the book though before he turned in for the night though. Luckily, tomorrow was Saturday so he could sleep in if he manage to get a good night's rest though but he was asking a lot though. He never got a good night's rest; as the record of being out of Azkaban was only about five hours though; possibly because after taking a calming potion to relieve his thoughts of those nightmares. "Nope," Sirius said. "Be careful out there." that was meant to the menacing twins both of which apperated Harry back to Hogsmeade and walked to the castle from the secret passageway Honeydukes held. … Dumbledore paced around his office, contemplating in his thoughts that troubled him around a certain young student. He never thought that Scoin Harrison Potter now Harrison Peverell-Slytherin would get released from Azkaban after he sent him there. Innocent or not, he staged that attack and Harrison sent away to the High-Security part of Azkaban where the Death Eaters laid, the murderers to where the Dementors often much on their souls a lot. Dumbledore thought the blasted boy would perish as he was only six years old at that time; already getting more powerful than the Saviour of the Wizarding World or well once Saeviour actually completed the task he sent for him to see if he was capable of defeating the Dark Lord. His trap was brilliant if he did say so himself. It killed two stones in one; Saeviour saves the stone while luring the Dark Lord to the stone and possibly kill him in the process but it was all part of the plan. But that wasn't the point. Peverell's glowing emerald eyes always shone with anger and animus but Dumbledore knew that he was seething with anger and resentment towards those who betrayed him all those years ago but he really abhorred that Harrison was a constant reminder of a student who he knew a long time ago. His mysteriousness, his lankeys and his distrustful towards the headmaster reminded him of the boy called Tom Riddle. He also didn't count the childhood they had and their cold and calculating manner that always made him lie awake every night, pondering on what they would think once he made his move. He could get some new evidence that shows that the brat wasn't all that innocent but it was the matter of the Ministry and the public as they believed the child to be inculpable though. Dumbledore had nothing to do of Harrison being free from Azkaban as that was all the Ministry. Inculpable, what a silly word for a brat like him. He was the only that saw him for who he was. He just merely gave a little push towards the Potters to lock them up; he didn't care about their neglection of a magical child even though the Wizarding World would throw a fit and strip him of his titles but he couldn't allow that. Dumbledore needed a sharpened plan to get the blasted boy out of his years and years of planning that he did. The brat messed it up and Dumbledore wasn't happy about it. His plans can be ruined if someone found out about it. The brat wouldn't ruin his plans, would he? I love the responses of being so supportive about this issue of those nasty comments. I found a few songs that really relate to this story while I was writing the chapters of this. When you listen to them, you'll probably instantly think of this though which is weird but I'm such a dork that likes to please people with chapters. I'm also aware of my melancholy writing and major angst in this story as I'm quite good at it and gets to the point to where I think I should put some trigger warnings in the chapter if I think it's necessary. The songs are The Devil Within by the Digital Daggers, and Look What You Made Me Do with a little bit of ...Ready for it? though which is weird but um yeah. Happy 2018 even though it's not 2018 yet Before I forget and post this which I almost did but answering some questions. CloudZzFluffyBedsOfWhite: Oh that would be coming in later chapters, closer to the end and I'm looking forward to writing that. The torturement would be really well written hopefully but they would get the hell they deserve for throwing a child into Azkaban. If someone said in a review that it would be cool if this was the Wong Boy Who Lived story, I can't reveal much of it yet as I have some plans for the future and I think I'm already foreshadowing that but I'm not sure.
Chapter 16-The Diary Harrison skimmed over the contents of the book in solitude, hoping to find at least an answer that could actually aide him in his journey of saving them and resurrect the Dark Lord but so far he hadn't found at least an answer of the book but he did found something interesting. Something that could aide more of the Dark Lord than himself; it was a way to get the Dark Lord to become more saner than insane but the ritual seemed something that he could do. There was only one problem though; he didn't know what state the Dark Lord was in. Harrison still had to actually confront the Dark Lord but he hoped that his superstitions was actually correct that the Dark Lord was actually hanging off the back of Quirrell's head, merely for the ride. "Harrison, I have good news!" Draco came bursting with a smile on his pale features which he never did in public only in either the dormitory or the common room. "Mother and father said you can come to the manor for Yule." He almost forgotten that it was December and it was getting close to the holidays; his only option was actually staying in the castle, mostly going to explore the chamber or stay in the dormitory researching. He knew he was getting close to finding an answer but all the books that he read didn't help. This really wasn't on his agenda but it had to do. Harrison kinda wished that Draco would actually leave him alone. "Really," he drawled slowly. He honestly didn't care if it was Yule or not as what was the point. It didn't matter; just another day and another day with failure. He hoped that he would actually gain at least a tidbit of information but sadly he hadn't. "Yes, since we are good friends," he boasted about which almost made Harrison rolled his eyes at the blonde's response but he supposed it could do him some good. Maybe find another answer in a book that was in the Malfoy's manor and wasn't in the castle. It wouldn't do for him to fail this. "What made you decide this?" The blonde flushed before he responded, "I thought you had nowhere to go with you having no where else so I just thought if you could spend the break over at the manor." "Very well." … Harrison kept his face blank as he looked at the disorganized group standing to aboard the train. He could hear the murmurs and the teeth chattering as everyone stood in the cold December air. At least he had enough sense to cast a warming charm on his robes before he left the castle as it was quite freezing in the common room but that was normal. A habit he grown accustomed to do as it reminded him greatly about the long, haunting nights lying in a cell across death eaters. Idiots, the lot of them. "Going home to the muggle world where no one wants your sorry arse," Saeviour called out. Harrison didn't blink at the sudden interruption as he wasn't impressed at his poor vocabulary for being the supposed heir of the Potter's. A wonderful line to start than it ended with poor James Potter being born. "Look, he's not saying anything." he let out a laugh which made Harrison almost grab his wand tempted to actually curse him to shut up but he refrained himself from doing such that. It wouldn't do for people to actually know about some of his power just yet. "Come on, speak up," his blood-traitor sidekick piped up. "Why should I," He said, his voice neutral. "I have better people to associate with and not scum like you and besides it's none of your damn business." "Leave him alone Saeviour," Hermione spoke up, her brown eyes darting to Harrison and Saeviour. He didn't want anyone to fight his war as it was his own and besides they have what's coming for them in the end. "Stop picking on Harrison." "Why are you on the death eater's side, Hermione?" Saeviour inquired. "If you go to his side, you'll be alone and you don't want that do you?" Hermione said nothing before he continued on, "Of course not because we wouldn't be anywhere without your wits, Hermione." Saeviour and his blood-traitor left to find some better company which almost made Harrison relieve but he didn't care what others thought of him until it was too late. They already damned themselves when they tossed a child into Azkaban. "I can't really apologize for his behaviour, Harrison," Hermione breathed as she approached him until she was a little close to him. "He always picks on you and I don't think it's right." "Don't stand up to me," Harrison said his voice cold that it made her blush in embarrassment. "I don't need anyone to stand up to me. I could deal with it myself and besides I don't need a mudblood to actually stick up to me much less a Gryffindor." "Sorry," she said before added on, "Happy Christmas." With that, she left to which Harrison looked back at the castle for a second before getting on the train. Muggle holidays, he thought to himself. He really needed to rectify the system badly. … Harrison followed Draco to a semi crowded compartment which he guessed was Drac's friends. Harrison somewhat do them from sharing a few brief conversations here and there in the past months but he didn't made an effort to get close to them. They weren't his friends and he really didn't want friends. Harrison only had tolerance for the blonde but Draco already proclaimed them as "best friends" which really didn't matter. "Why did you bring him here, Drakey?" the pug-faced-Pansy said, her voice high-pitched as she said that. He saw Draco winced at the nickname Pansy called him; Harrison only knew about a few as Draco somewhat complained about her to him during classes. Pansy really wanted to become a Malfoy but if they actually got married; their offsprings would be ugly. It almost made Harrison snort at the mental picture but that was just him but refrained himself to do so. "I don't need permission from you Pansy," Draco snapped. "Besides he is my friend." "But he's just so creepy," Pansy murmured that was really low but Harrison caught it with ease. He already knew he probably frightened almost everyone in the castle but who cares? He had a facade to play; an insane prisoner. "I know I am," Harrison said, which almost made Pansy shriek like a banshee that he actually heard him. "No offense," she added quickly. He said nothing, pulling out a book that he ben reading days earlier-a potions book that he found in the chamber as he visited there once more days before the break even begun. It would have given something to do and it maybe it would be helpful in his favour. He glanced at a potion quickly before he flipped the page; it was a somewhat improvement potion to the Polyjuice Potion. Maybe as the breakout of getting those prisoners out but that couldn't possibly be until later once he actually confronted the Dark Lord right after break if he actually had a chance. This was all so complex that it actually started giving him a migraine from actually thinking about it but it needed to get done as no one else was going to do it; he was the only option. Harrison didn't need anyone besides no one, he knew was going to do it themselves besides the Dark Lord but with the vanquishing defeat of him didn't help in only put a damper on his plans. Sure, magical blood was going to get spilled but this was for a good cause. "Anything you're planning to do, Harrison?" Theo asked, interrupting his train of thoughts which he gritted his teeth and replied, "Perhaps." "Possibly going to read during the whole break?" Pansy chided, having a smile plastered on her face which really made her more ugly. He looked out of the window watching the countryside go by. It was just like at the beginning of term but then he was alone; besides Draco for company but he didn't need company. Harrison been alone for his whole life he has been alive with only the darkness and the death eaters as company but they weren't there. With Bellatrix crackling or the small tears coming from Elladora as she tried to sleep peacefully during the cold, wet nights; something that he kinda missed if he had to admit. Besides at least in Azkaban, he didn't had to suffer from the miserable whines the pupils made whenever they get a breakup or a bad grade on an assignment. The only thing he didn't miss was the dementors as they sucked out the prisoner's soul each night and watch the happiness go out from their eyes with a gaunt, dead look to them. Soon, the train slowly came to a stop as Harrison glanced at the crowded Kings Cross Station with tears coming from the adults as they are reunited with their children. Something Harrison kinda missed but he never had a family to love him so how would he know what love and affection would feel like? It wasn't like he wanted to experience that at least no right now. Maybe in the future if that was possible. If he survived this. But he would. Draco stirred him towards his parents which was exactly that hard to identify as they were like the only pale-blondes nearby but he supposed Draco didn't even know what they looked like. Draco caught up to his parents with Harrison next to him and said, "Mother, Father, this is Harrison whom I wrote about." "Pleased to meet you," Harrison said, his voice neutral and his gaze didn't left them as he said that. "I'm Lord Harrison Peverell-Slytherin." "This is Lady Narcissa Malfoy and I'm Lord Lucius Malfoy. Draco has written about you and it was in the papers about your unfortunate disownment," Lucius said. "It was a matter of time besides they were never my family to begin with," Harrison spat, darkly. "Especially abandoning a six-year-old child like that." "Indeed." Draco cleared his throat interrupting the silence between the group and said, "We should go back to the manor now." Everyone agreed to which Harrison followed them through the floo which it almost gave him a slight tumble as he appeared in the drawing room of the Malfoy Manor which was dreary as Azkaban but Azkaban was never a happy place to begin with so that was an odd analogy. Everything here screamed rich and he refrained himself from rolling his eyes. Show off their weathiness alright. Harrison wasn't scared as he heard a loud pop and a house-elf appeared as this was normal behaviour or at least according to the death eaters though so he didn't really care. "Where's the library?" Harrison asked, once he heard another loud 'pop' as the house-elf disappeared. "I have to do some research." Research, yeah that's a great way to put it Harrison thought to himself. He knew it was a little rude to ask but he really didn't care. "Libby can show you the way." At the mention of Libby, a house-elf appeared with brown tennis ball eyes and a skinny, malnourished body that had large bat-like ears. "Did you want me, master?" Libby said, her voice quite high-pitched which almost hurt his ears. "Show Harrison the library," Lucius said. Harrison followed Libby to the library and he felt a dark object nearby once he entered the library. Books lined the shelves which looked oddly similar to the Hogwarts' library but Hogwarts collection of books most likely had a higher population than here but still at last maybe he could find something; that dark object though piqued his interest though and he hoped maybe it could be a key to the Dark Lord, hopefully. He soon located the object; a small dark book that had the initials of T.M.R on the back with the inside of it blanka s if no one bother to actually write in it but something about that name sounded familiar. He grabbed a quill from a nearby and wrote in his neat handwriting, My name is Harrison Peverell-Slytherin and you are? Tom Riddle, it wrote back. It suppressed his interest and kept writing to the book hoping to find at least an answer. How did you come to my diary? In Malfoy's library in the back. He shouldn't be leaving a dark object lying around. He wrote, instantly the words disappeared as if they never really there and a reply back, Indeed Harrison sighed and he wrote something that couldn't possibly get an answer to at all but maybe it would help. Do you know where I can find the Dark Lord? Yeah 2k words and that's all I wrote in a day as guess what happened to me that left me without posting a chapter. The computer crashed and it was only today I got a new one and I really can't wait to get this story updating once again. It's nice getting Google docs again without being on my tablet even though that's what I am on right now but yeah. Sorry if this seemed kinda confusing as this was my outline as the chapter and I left on a cliffhanger. Let me know what you think
Chapter 17-Tom Riddle Harrison released the breath that he hadn't realized that he had been holding for the past few minutes as he awaited Tom Riddle's reply. The diary still hadn't responded to his question but he was starting to feel like it was hopeless; as if an object can actually tell its secrets but this one hopefully. A reply finally came as Harry was ready to shut the diary in impatience; Tom's scrawl was on the page saying, What's in it for me if I tell you? Harrison shook his head in amusement which was rare as he never often found anything amusing. He replied back, I was planning on resurrect him again and with you being a dark object I thought you might know his whereabouts. How do I know you won't kill him if I tell you? I'm planning to ally with the Dark Lord since I need the aid of the Dark Lord to help to get her out and the goal views. It's such a waste for the purebloods to have to bow down to the muggle-borns and their encroaching beliefs that's poisoning us. Indeed. I know where the Dark Lord is at, Tom replied in his neat scrawl which almost made Harrison want to smile but he knew better. He was finally one step closer into achieving his goals and hopefully he wasn't too late in getting Ella out of there. A child left there all alone was truly a devastating fate for a child and no child deserved it and not even him if he had any humanity left for anyone but they ruined him before they could actually point out the flaws of doing that; it didn't help if his sanity was already being questioned by that point. But he remembered it all. ~Years Earlier when Harrison was six-years-old~six-years-old~ Harrison glanced briefly at the auburn hair of one Lady Lily Potter and the messy-ebony locks of one Lord James Potter and their heir, Saeviour Sirius Potter; a worthless heir if he ever saw one. The boy couldn't lift an object without struggling especially since Dumbledore been giving Saeviour lessons as it wouldn't do for the boy not to be trained against the decades worth of magics from both the death-eaters and the Dark Lord. He couldn't believe the disgust that lined their faces as he was dragged on for his trial. "How do you plead?" the minister inquired, not even bothering to look at him as he stared blankly against his podium. Harrison opened his mouth before he could speak, Dumbledore interrupted him, possibly vouching for him but all he could do was stare as the words came out of his mouth, "There are witnesses-one, Jane Ridgley, after the accident,as she claimed she saw a boy that was little like him with his messy black hair and emerald eyes and found seventeen muggles murdered by him and three injured also." "The boy's crimes against the homicide of seventeen muggles and the incapacitation of three more muggles. I hereby sentence this boy for life in Azkaban!" The minister called out which Harrison widen his eyes at the news and looked at his parents desperately for any chance of help but all he saw was hatred, disgustment, and disappoint in his father's brown orbs and his mother's jade eyes. "But I didn't do it!" he cried out, hoping that someone would listen to him but all there was only agreement that it was the right thing to do; can't have a child killing everyone. "MUM, DAD! TELL THEM I DIDN'T DO IT!" He was only met with silence as the dark-hooded creatures-Dementors dragged him off with him struggling against the dementors' bony black hands but it was no useless. He was going to be stuck in Azkaban for the rest of his life; unless new evidence comes to life but that was just a slim chance of it actually happening. ~End of Flashback ~ Hiarrison shook his head, focusing more on reality and the black, miniscule diary in front of him. It was hard enough having to deal with the nightmares but he never wanted to actually comnerate on the memories of the day of his imprisonment of the six-year-old child before he was locked up in the bland, cold atmosphere of Azkaban as the dementors haunted over them; sucking on the souls of the inhabitants. Where is he than? Harrison scrawled, watching as the ink faded into the contents of the book never to be seen again. The Dark Lord is located on the back of one Quirinus Quirrell's head if I recalled, Tom reply which made Harrison grinned at the news. That was surely better than being just in a corporal form, creeping everyone out; but he knew it had something to do with Professor Quirrell instead from Halloween or maybe sooner. It wasn't that hard to identify if the stutter was fake or not as it did had to a lot with paying attention. Interesting, he wrote in the diary and closed it with a snap and stuffed it in his pocket. ... Tom felt the magic coming from one Harrison Peverell-Slytherin; it was dark, enchanting and reminded him of someone else: him. He wanted to suck the magic out of him but refrained himself from doing such that as he didn't want the boy to die. He felt possession? Oddly enough, it was enough to made Tom actually yearn for his company and besides the brat actually wanted to ally with his counterpoint. It was decent enough. Even though Tom really wanted to get out of the diary and take more of a solid form instead of being trapped in a diary for fifty years in darkness until someone opens the diary and puts their hearts content to where Tom would leach on. But the boy was different. He was surrounded in darkness and didn't even reveal much as Harrison scrawled in the diary of his wanting to know where to find the Dark Lord for him to free her, whoever her was, and the political beliefs. There was something in the boy's past that he wanted to know and he couldn't wait till he finds out if the boy would let him take a solid form if the boy was stupid enough; Harrison didn't strike him as a 'stupid' person. He caught Tom's attention though. Sorry for the short chapter but next one will be longer and featuring someone, not Tom nor Dumbledore. Leave a review down below.
Chapter 16-Hogwarts Express Harrison said nothing as he packed up his things to go back to Hogwarts with the diary concealed in his trunk under a lock in parseltongue, just in case anyone tried rummaging through his things. The diary was his only connection to the Dark Lord, and he didn't really want anyone messing up his plans. Not when he was so close. "Harrison, you do realize you aren't going back to Hogwarts till the day after tomorrow," Draco interrupted as he stood in the doorway which made Harrison looked at him, before he said, "I have business to do, Draco which doesn't involve you." "What business?" Draco inquired, not bothering to conceal his curiosity which didn't suit the Malfoy heir at all which made Harrison roll his eyes at the question. It didn't concerned Draco though; it only deal with him. "You'll see me on the train." was his response before he left the room with his trunk leaving the blonde standing alone in the room tha Harrison slept in for the last few weeks. Harrison was grateful for their hospitality but he didn't need anyone right now. No one wanted him; he was someone who was the nightmare which made everyone have bad dreams he was sure. Harrison went into the parlour and entered the fireplace, grabbing a handful of floo powder in the process and cried out, "Grimmauld Place!" Swirling almost made Harrison dizzy as he traveled until he finally stopped at Grimmauld Place which almost reminded him of Azkaban with the collection of grime and dust surrounding him. He huffed as he entered the filthy home that Black told him to come before he headed back to Hogwarts for his second term. "I see you made it," Black greeted, coldly which Harrison didn't blink as he turned around to face the long haired, and dark-eyed man with the black glint on full display. "Obviously… So why did you wanted me to come?" Harrison inquired. "We're planning on resurrecting the Dark Lord before February hits," Sirius told him which made Harrison blink at the information. Black and his manics actually wanted to resurrect the Dark Lord already which Harrison didn't expect till his second year or during the summer but never this early. "Is there a reason?" "Fred and George retained some information that Dumbledore is making his move then," Sirius spat. "And you need me, why?" Harrison would be happy to sit back and relax but he wasn't that dimwitted to do so. His plan required time and patience and this was just making him amused. He wanted to see the downfall of Saeviour as he realized that Harrison would be better and won't bow down to anyone superior thinking what they say is the law. Pathetic… Just like the Wizarding World once they realized their superiors aren't that light as they seem. "To get the Philosopher's stone along with Fred and George," Sirius replied. "I'll see what I'll do." … A few days passed uneventfully, and soon Harrison found himself sitting alone on the Hogwarts Express, thinking of what went on prior during those last few days. He spent the last few days researching in the Black Library looking up ways to get the Dark Lord back in power, and look for an easier way to get into Azkaban to free them. He watched out the window in pure content. He swallowed his saliva as his mind ran away from him, as he thought about her. The dirty-haired curls belonging to Elladora, who would most likely be sitting alone on the hard, dirt floor as the Dementors came in. He closed his eyes for a few second, before he opened them. He couldn't fail. No child deserved to sit in a cell in Azkaban for accidental magic or something the child didn't do; unfortunately that shown how incompetent the Wizarding World of Magical Britain is. They made children under the age of eleven children lose their childhood in Azkaban. If only he hadn't been locked up than maybe he would have shown mercy but he would bring revenge for the better. Magical Britain needed to change for the better and stop losing its potential of adapting the Muggle holidays to make the muggleborns happy. They didn't exist to bow down to Muggles. They were far more superior than that. The compartment door opened with a loud this and he didn't bother checking to see how it i. He waited for a few seconds before Granger spoke. "Harrison, how was your holiday?" the familiar voice inquired, interrupting his train of thoughts. He knew who it was before she even spoke. Granger. Granger always seemed to be there when he least expected it. It was really annoying since he really didn't want to get his self tainted with their blood and customs. Unfortunately, she was a pest that Harrison couldn't bother getting rid of and always came back for his company. Like a lost puppy. "May I come in?" she asked, but Harris didn't respond to her question. He sat there, content of looking out the window, but apparently she was too dimwitted to take a hint. She sat right across him rigidly, in which Harrison turned his head away from them window and looked at the bushy-haired Mudblood. He spoke in a harsh manner, "Why did you come?" "I thought you might want company and Saeviour and Ronald are being pricks. They were trying to find some good prank do so they could prank you. They would rather do that instead of paying attention to me so… I left," Hermione said, her voice quivering as she said that. She bit her bottom lip before she said, "Oh did you hear?" "Hear what?" He asked. "The Minister of Magic is dead, found murdered in his home," Hermione breathed which Harrison could barely contain his glee. He smirked and let out a small glint of glee come in his Avada Kedavra eyes. The fool was finally dead and he couldn't be more happier about it. Harrison wasn't concerned about the murderer, but the fact that the damn fool died, made it easier. Now, if only Dumbledore dropped dead along with the Potter family then that would make his day. He was already counting the days before their plan was set in motion. "Is that so?" Harrison said, amusement coating his voice. "He had it coming." he let out a giggle which made the girl looked shocked at his behaviour but this was dish best served cold. "Locking up children in Azkaban. Looking up to Dumbledore just like the coward he was." "Are you insane?" Hermione hissed, as she grabbed his wrist. "This is serious… He only locked you up, didn't he?" Harrison continued to crackle before a disturbing smile found its way on his features and cocked his head to the side and replied, "No… He locked someone else up also. Someone younger." His tone turned cold and unwelcome as he said that. He didn't want any reminders that Ella was in Azkaban alone without him, with only the few Death Eaters to keep them company. "Whom?" "Elladora Lestrange. Before you ask, she killed muggles from a burst of accidental magic." Hermione looked horrified as he said this which she should be. "Let me tell you this, Granger. While you were playing with toys. Ella and I were suffering. That just shows how incompetent the Wizarding World actually is as she was accused of doing that because she had to protect herself and she never got a trial while I did." "That's impossible," Granger breathed as Harrison remained reticent. He already said to much. No need to tell a muggle-born witch about his plans but if she continued the way she was acting maybe he could manipulate her to spy on Saeviour and his lackeys but he wasn't that dimwitted to do so. He had business to do but he had stuff to do before that point. After all, he couldn't skip steps as he needed to get the Philosopher's stone and confront Quirrell and meet the Dark Lord once for all. He just needed to know what was on the third floor besides the Cerberus; Dumbledore would certainly test Saeviour as whatever the obstacles were. It would certainly be easy for a first year who lacked a magical core and sense to get across them, and let the Dark Lord try to kill him. Finding out how to get past a Cerberus was simple enough. It just required him looking in a Greek Mythology book to find the answer. He was certain that there was a book down in the Chamber of Secrets, after he went through it, but he'd double check. There was no need for him on getting himself killed, because he didn't look. "It isn't impossible, Granger." "Is Britain really this cruel?" Hermione panicked. "People could go insane in that place and children isn't no acceptions… They're supposed to be loved and cared for and Dumbledore should have prevented this from happening." "Dumbledore let it happened with me at the trial, took Ella away from her home after her parents were apprehended. He took her way along with the aurors that he had. He was the one that deemed us both dangerous so he locked us both up so do you think Dumbledore is really innocent?" Harrison explained. "Think about what I just said." He stood up, brushing his robes against invisible dust and left leaving a dumbfounded Hermione sitting alone in the compartment. He didn't expect to share any information with her as he just left vague answers to her noisy questions, sucking information like a vacuum. He was correct on Dumbledore leaving two children sitting in Azkaban with only Death Eaters for company but he would come back to them. Save Ella. Even if he died trying but he was so close. He just had to keep going. He was planning on getting the Philosopher's stone Friday and confront the Dark Lord right afterwards. He doubted Tom would tell him that Voldemort has returned but last time he checked Voldemort was in a vapor form. … Ella tried to reach her father's hand but without no success. She was lonely without Harrison and missed her brother's Avada Kedavra eyes as he gazed upon her, keeping her safe as the monsters came back everyday for their souls. Harrison took care of her but he was on a mission. A mission to get the Dark Lord restored and get her out but she hoped it wouldn't be too late by the time he got here with the Dark Lord by his side. The endless rain pounded against the walls and kept feeling flecks on her prisoner uniform but there was nothing for her to do that as it was always chilly in the air and kept her shivering but she knew nothing would ever change until Harrison succeeded. "Are you sure you want to send her back to the Ministry? She's a mad prisoner by killing those damn muggles. She'd also been in company with that retched Lord Peverell-Slytherin," a male voice carried over from nearby. Ella quickly pulled her hand away from the other cell, as she heard footsteps nearby along with voices. No one ever visited the high security unless it was putting a criminal in the high security leaving the others forgotten in the brisk air as they shivered tightly against the chains but it happened once that they freed a prisoner but that was Harrison and he was innocent. Ella, however, she wasn't. She killed those muggles in self-defense. "That may be true but she never got a trial now did she?" A voice answered back which her papa mouthed to her, Lucius Malfoy. Her papa, mama, and uncle's friend and friend during the war. "I suppose not, sir, but we can't have everyone getting a trial," the first one defended. "Unlock the door," Lucius ordered as a guard with black hair opened her cell door with a click, bringing in the two visitors. Was she going to get out? His silver eyes turned cold as he looked at her shaking form. "Come freak," The guard hissed as he unlocked the chains attaching to her and forced her up, didn't care if he hurt her or not. She stood up wincing as her muscles were being stretched from being in a cramped position from all these years spent locked in a cell. She was getting away from her family but she knew she would be sent back to Azkaban in the same cell once they were done with her. Lucius Malfoy is the Minister of Magic now. Drop a review down below. (Edited: 4/16/19)
Chapter 17-I'm Innocent? Ella briefly glanced at the mainland in the distance. It didn't look exactly how she imagined it, but what could you expect for it being the middle of winter? It's been years since she'd something other than the grime and the collection of dirt in the cell along with the death eaters that resided there. She didn't expect to get free but Ella knew freedom won't last for long. She was sure she would be carted right back to Azkaban since the aurors claimed, "She was a murderer for killing the muggles for using magic purposely." One minute, she was being exorcism since the caretakers thought she had a demon residing insider and cleansed her using multiple methods they claimed "would kill the demon in her." and the next her magic reacted badly killing them in the process. She was then shipped off to Azkaban once the aurors arrived. She remained silent as she walked across the marble floor, noticing crackers and holes in the floor. Ella felt the eyes beading into her as they passed them, hearing a few murmurs here and there; none of which she was able to caught as it was often to low or she didn't want to listen on what they were saying. Keep calm, Ella told herself as someone pushed her down onto a chair, with shackles appearing. She felt tears collecting up but she wouldn't cry. Not in front of these people. "Shouldn't we administer Veritaserum to make her tell the truth?" someone called out which made Ella look up from the floor and to the person who said it. It was an ugly person wearing pink and had a toad like face. It was the most hideous person she ever saw despite her being locked up for most of the years; no prisoners looked like her. "She's a murderer after all. Her crime was sentenced to Azkaban for life for killing and the injuries of two muggles." "But she's a minor," someone else protested. "We can't use Veritaserum on a minor… Heavens forbid, if we did that to the boy years ago. He wouldn't be locked up in Azkaban for all these years, innocent." Harry… They were talking about her big brother with his bright jade eyes staring down at her with kindness and soothing her nights. "You can't honestly believe the brat was truly innocent, couldn't you?" toadface inquired. "Even the Potters' admitted he was dark from the very start." "Yes, of course but we all know Lady Potter's death was devastating to Heir Potter and Lord Potter but you can't honestly be implying that Lord Pevell had anything to do with it?" Lord Pervell? Is that possibly Harry. "The library witnesses claimed that once the boy got released and went under his other name Lord Pervell-Slytherin. The boy yelled at his ex-mother for not paying attention to him for picking the Boy-Who-Lives' side basically abandoning him. Don't you find it odd that Lady Potter turned up dead during the night?" "The autopsy report said she died of alcohol poisoning!" The person screeched. "Enough!" yelled Lucius Malfoy. "This is a trial and stop with the bickering about the boy. The boy has been cleared of all charges end of that. We are here for the trial of one, Elladora Cynthia Lestrange, accused of murdering seven muggles and leaving two others injured." Ella didn't meet the silver eyes of her mother's brother in law as she continue to stare down at the shackles bounding her wrists. "Administer the Veritaserum," he ordered. Someone with dark skinned hobbled next to her and made her drink a small bottle that had to be Veritaserum. The liquid was clear of what she was able to see but it didn't matter. They wouldn't believe her. "What's your name?" Ella replied in a swift manner, "Elladora Cynthia Lestrange." "How old are you?" "Eight, I think." "The Veritaserum is working," someone concluded but she didn't pay no mind too. It felt horrible as she answered questions quickly being unable to lie. Maybe they would believe her? "Did you murder seven muggles and leaving two others injured?" "Yes." She watched as the room became deathly silent as she felt many eyes on her. They didn't lock another innocent child up in Azkaban in its depths long forgotten. Elladora Lestrange was truly a murderer and caused a homicide against seven muggles. "Why?" Ella took a shaky breath before she answered, "They were going to cleanse me to get rid of the demon they were sure that was inside me. Somehow, my magic reacted badly leaving seven dead in the process with two others in minor injuries." Whispers soared around the courtroom as she heard a few whispers in a confused manner but Ella continued to ignore them. "You're kidding aren't you?" someone called out in a panicky voice. "Cleansing a magic child is unheard of in these times." "I'm not kidding. I think about those painful memories everytime the dementors come," she replied. "Guilty or innocent?" Lucius voice echoed through the room, interrupting the buzzing air. "Who says guilty?" A few hands including the toadface raised her hand but the majority kept their hands down as they stared down at her. "Innocent?" The majority's hands were raised and Elladora held her breath when he counted the counts and said, "She's innocent and cleared with all charges. No one is however unable could control accidental magic." Ella almost wanted to burst into tears as she heard the neutral voice claiming that she was innocent. It wasn't her fault but that probably couldn't assuage the nightmares that would haunt her for the rest of her life. She was innocent but now she would be away from her family once again while she was somewhere else, somewhere she was loved, hopefully. She just wanted to see her parents once more but freedom was better. How would her family react to her empty presence as they stared in an empty cell across? "The girl will reside in the Malfoy's care as she is part family and would get the best care provided. This will conclude the trial of the Lestrange Heir." Shackles that were wrapped around her wrists disappeared and she stood up, almost losing her balance. Ella took a shaky breath as she took the minister's hand once she managed to walk over to him, not bothering to glance at any adults passing by in the process. Five years of being in Azkaban. Freedom. The word tasted so strange to her as she never imagined her being able to set foot in the outside world. No longer living in darkness but to see the light. … Harrison frowned as he looked at the disorganized group trying to make their way out of the cold, damp weather. It was truly upsetting to see the jubilant eyes on the pupils' and the dim-lighted Hogwarts as the students aboard the carriages. The holidays went by too slow for him and didn't really offer any confront as he tried to get more research by continuously, failed. It's been months since he last saw the silvery eyes that lost its hope, forever surrounding in darkness. The dirty-blonde hair that was filthy and needed a good washing to clear out the grime and dirt that resided in her hair. The gaunt dead look of one, Elladora Lestrange, as she stared at her family and try to reside close to him. His little sister suffering along with the many others. To be entombed in darkness until he came back. "Death Eater," Saeviour greeted, an ugly smirk made its way on his features which he should have known something was wrong. "One of your best buds went to trial and she was found innocent thank you very much." "Whom?" His tone was cold. "The Lestrange Heir, whoever she is but she deserved it." Harrison clenched his fists tightly at the mention of Ella's freedom which he hoped it was true but he couldn't hope. Hoping was for fools and hissed, "Shut up." "One of your death eater friends?" "None of your damn business, don't you dare say anything about her again," He hissed, itching towards his wand but he only had a few cards left and if he ruined them. He was doomed and he wouldn't fail again. "Don't let your mudblood mother's death actually make you intelligent because we both know you are nothing." Harrison smirked as he watched as Saeviour's smirk turn into anger. It was satisfaction to see him but he knew he could only taunt him for a little bit before his revenge was put forth. He would enjoy Dumbledore's dismayed face as he saw that he made a mistake, one after another. The Minister's dead, Sirius wants the Dark Lord resurrected, and now Ella's free. It just seemed like a strange day, killing two stones in one but he hadn't had anything to do with it. Things were just working out, convenient though. Harrison stepped inside a dark carriage with a few others who he didn't know nor did he actually cared. The females he was with wore a mixture of red and yellow which signaled they were obnoxious Gryffindors and or shy Hufflepuff; not like he actually cared about what house they were in. "You're Harrison right?" a girl with dark curls and brown skin asked. "Yes," He said in a cold manner which made the girls giggle. "Potter said you were a stupid boy who threatened him," the same girl replied which made Harrison roll his eyes and looked at the forest until the carriage came to a stop. It's about time, he thought. The girls that were in the carriage were stupid, ditzy and extremely annoying to listen to. Harrison usually wasn't the impatient type but some people gets on his nerves quite a bit especially when they seem childish and immature. "Harrison," Draco greeted, stepping right next to him which Harrison barely glanced at him when he was close to him. Harrison could hear him breathing even in the noisy wall as everyone who went home for the holidays came inside the Great Hall for the welcoming feast. "Where did you go a few days ago?" Harrison chuckled at the ignorance that laced his voice but he already told him that he had to go somewhere that didn't concern him much since he would only ask more questions and answered, "I had an appointment with someone." The blonde's brows furrowed as he was thinking where he would have went. Glancing at the staff table, he met eyes with the twinkly blue orbs of one and found a different teacher sitting at the staff table where Quirrell should have sat. The man had messy black hair with glasses covering his brown eyes. "Oh fucking shit," he hissed as he saw James Potter sitting with an amused smirk as his eyes met his. This was certainly going to complicate things. "Anything but him." "Who?" Draco inquired, "Oh. Wonder what Lord Potter is doing here." "Whatever reason why. This term is certainly going to be interesting," he answered and sat down gracefully at the Slytherin table. "Welcome students, due to the failing of teaching properly from Professor Quirrell. He quit and now Lord Potter is the defense of the dark arts teacher." Shit. That ruined his plans, now what he was going to do? Much less what did Potter want. Little did he knew, something was brewing. James Potter is now the Defense of the Dark Arts Professor which is certainly going to be interesting, and things will start be interesting shortly. (Edited: 4/16/19)
Chapter 18-It All Came Tumbling Down Harrison hissed as he slipped into parseltongue, not bothering if anyone if anyone actually heard him, *Damnit.* Of all the things, why did James Potter actually had to show up right in the middle of term to teach? This certainly complicated things no doubt. How was he going to find the Dark Lord and resurrect him, when he was no longer in the castle courtesy of the Marauders Map. It was like he disappeared off the face of the Earth and not even Tom could actually help him as he had been ignoring him or the other way around. Harrison didn't want get the miniature Dark Lord's help as he knew the damn risks of him possessing him as it was a dark object and he knew the Dark Lord was no fool despite getting vanquished and causing a stupid scar on Saeviour's face so he could be fawned over all day long. It was pathetic that's for sure especially his magical aura. He didn't know what to believe about Saveiour's telling of Ella being out of Azkaban. It would be a miracle, but he didn't held his breath. He didn't believe in miracles, ever since he was little when he took a small liking to children's books in the Potter's Library. There was also surprisingly a few Dark Arts books under heavy wards, but why would the light family like Potter would be doing with them. Perhaps it was because of Seaviour's grandparents that had it, before they passed away years ago before they died by old age. He took a small liking to them but they didn't visit often, Keeping him away from the prejudice family as his tainted "parents'' liked to call them. Harrison even heard a few rumours about it which didn't piqued his curiosity. They abandoned him before he even had his trial deeming him guilty of something he didn't do. *Of all the damn things, why did he had to be here,* he hissed to himself, almost wanting to scorch down the walls surrounding the dormitory but he refused to do it. It wasn't like he wanted to get a more terrible reputation than ex-prisoner as if he actually cared. "You're a parselmouth?" someone inquired which he turned around to see Theodore Nott with Draco Malfoy leaning onto the side of the wall, almost looking bored. "I don't see how this is relevant, Nott," He spat, as he left the dormitory with a slight motion until the door slammed close, signalling that Harrison left leaving Theodore Nott gobsmacked and Draco uninterested. "He's a parselmouth," Theodore said which Draco nodded. "Been one all his life so he told me… One of his secrets, I've learned." . Harrison's feet echoed through the dark dungeons, he didn't care where he was actually going. This was just going to be pointless. His lan wasn't supposed to get this complicated: find the Dark Lord, resurrect him, and get them out while rectifying the Wizarding World also so that Wizards don't bow down to the poison of the muggle traditions encroaching into theirs. It was surely pathetic, but if everything gone right. He didn't feel the need to cry anymore. No, he shed his last tears when he was seven; barely even a year when he was thrown into Azkaban, alone and forgotten along with Ella and the other death eaters as they reside in the bitter, darkness (as if he would listen to Saeviour's unintelligent ramblings). He was just fucking done with the world and its prejudice ways tainting the traditions. But he wouldn't give up. At least not yet. But why did he just felt so worthless? He was supposed to block out all those emotions that Azkaban taken away from him. After all, he was sociopath. he was supposed to be void of any emotions. No one would really love him but with Ella was different, his sister all but in blood. A child, lost a childhood and wouldn't forever fit in but normal was boring. Harrison would put the world through storm and he would have his "adopted" family free which he couldn't wait to see Ella's bright smile as she walked outside in freedom for the first time since she was first thrown in Azkaban. Or if she wasn't free first but he hoped for the latter but he could be wrong. Everything that came out of The-Boy-Who-Lives-To-Be-A-Pain-In-The-Arse who lived just by pure luck and him getting fawned over by his stupid, pathetic scar on him; it was truly pathetic of him. Harrison didn't feel himself cry until he felt something stream down his cheek and wiped it away, hastily. No one shouldn't see the ex-prisoner cry; since he had a role to play. No one didn't care about him, anyways. Harrison should've realized that he knew nothing he would do, would make anything change the way people felt about him. it wasn't like Harrison wished he was still in Azkaban as he didn't miss the dementors as they came for time and make the prisoners go mad. No, he couldn't bring the hate towards others for him to be blinded like this against old prejudices. He'd been a fool. Harrison took a deep breath before he turned back to the entrance of the dungeons. No, he wouldn't be afraid. He would show them who he truly was and how much they made a dreadful mistake that day. They would pay for carting off two children in Azkaban, bring back the long forgotten religion with the Dark Lord being his ally. he would finally see the dreadful looks on their faces as they made the terrible mistake of shipping off a child who was shadowing Saeviour. "I won't forget you," Harrison whispered to himself before he left the cold making heavy footsteps as he stirred himself to the Great Hall for breakfast. "I swore on my magic and it will take time but no one will stop me." his voice turned into an icy whisper that would make anyone shiver but Harrison didn't care. It was a promise, he would keep. His vow to them. Barely glancing at the staff table, he sat down at the Slytherin table, not bothering to socialize with anyone. He wasn't in the mood. When the owls flow pass, he didn't bother to even be amaze as he knew what it would contain. Someone nudged him, he looked up and made eye-contact to Draco who had a shock expression. He held out the prophet and Harrison barely read the words. LORD PEVERELL-SLYTHERIN: INNOCENT OR GUILTY? By: MIrabella Laulin Last night, Lord Potter sent us a letter claiming to make this boy who previously was his son before his disownment publicly (see more on page three about disownment). He told us in the letter, he was the main cause for the Late Lady Potter's death as he was the last person she talked to according to the witnesses and the autopsy reported that it was alcohol poisoning. But recent talks, makes it seems that the boy was truly guilty of something. Lord Potter even told us in person, "that Lord Peverell-Slytherin should go back to Azkaban." for his killing of late Lady Potter. He also told us, "the boy was extremely dangerous and would make anyone kill themselves which would explain the sudden death of Lady Potter." Recently, Lord Peverell-Slytherin was released only six months ago from the Azkaban, The Wizard's Prison, for new claims that came to light. He'd been in Azkaban for years, and went to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry last September. Lord Peverell-Slytherin hasn't made any reply towards this accusation which makes the us, readers, should we throw him back in Azkaban for killing someone? Tell us readers, is the boy really innocent or was it all a hoax for him to actually murder someone? Harrison smirked as he read the article, before he passed it along to Draco. It was just like last term where Lord Potter disowned him from a howler and an article but this. But this, isn't even a masterpiece. It was more like a stupid article that the Daily Prophet wanted to print for an excuse to pick on him, expecting more of an actual reaction that included screaming or throwing a tantrum but Harrison wasn't like that. They could mock him all they want, but Harrison would have the last strike. "Draco, don't believe it," he told him, coldly. "The reporters copied almost word for word against my disownment back in September. It's just what Lord Potter would go really low for, bringing his ex-wife into this including me… He clearly doesn't think what he's doing which makes him so vulnerable if something actually happened to him." His voice dropped to a mere whisper. Harrison received his timetable and almost wanted to groan at what he saw for first period. Defense of the Dark Art with Lord Potter. This was certainly going to be interesting. Harrison walked in gracefully and sat down right next to Draco. He watched as the messy-haired Professor strutted in, smirking as he passed Harrison. "Malfoy, what's the three unforgivable curses?" Lord Potter snapped, right after he took attendance. "Torture curse, impero, and the killing curse," he replied, gracefully after taking a long time to answer the question. No surprise that the Malfoy heir actually knew that since his parents were Death Eaters. "Ten points from Slytherin," He called out which made Harrison quirk his eyebrow at the Professor. It was the right answer, and taking ten points away from Slytherin for nothing was ridiculous. "Potter, what's the three unforgivable curses?" "I don't know sir, they're illegal for a reason and people who use them should be thrown into Azkaban," Saeviour replied in an arrogant manner, while passing a glance at him when he said that. "Five points to Gryffindor for giving a semi-correct answer," Lord Potter said, curtly. "Peverell." Harrison retained his shockness and answered in a neutral tone, "The three unforgivables are the killing curse where it kills the victim instantly, the imperious curse where it controls the victim until the spell breaks, and the torture curse where it could bring the victims severe pain and could bring them to the point of insanity." "Ten points from Slytherin and a detention for giving an attitude to a professor," He cried out which Harrison didn't look shock but the man was insane. He gave him the correct answer but gives his stupid heir five points to Gryffindor, when Saeviour dodged the question. What the hell? The rest of the hour, the class learned about the unforgivables and wrote about it for the rest of the class period which Harrison didn't bother to. He already knew of its uses. Detention for something he didn't do? He thought about it once class was over and he decided something. It was time. Tomorrow. Tomorrow, he was going to ditch Hogwarts and find the Dark Lord. No longer would he wait. He was going to get them out even if it killed him. He wasn't wasting the rest of his first year as Lord Potter gave out detentions like candy to Slytherins. Already, showing favoritism to students who weren't from the Slytherin. A lot of stuff is happening, and Harrison is finally going to have his revenge in the next few chapters. Drop a review down below! (Edited: 4/16/19)
It's been a while, but honestly I'm back. I'm going to finish this story up in the upcoming few weeks before I go on vacation. A lot has happened to me during the past year I've been gone from this story. Long story short, my mental health declined, but recently got better. So far school is kicking my butt, but it's normal this time around. Thanks for the all readers so far, who left comments that encouraged me to get this back started. The last few chapters are rewritten, but in order for this story not to drag, this story will be ending around Chapter 35 or so. The next chapter will be up in the next few days.
Chapter 19- The Plan Harrison met up with the meddling twins in an abandoned classroom on the seventh floor. "What's the plan, Harrison," Twin 1 or Twin 2 said, whichever one said it. He still couldn't figure neither of them out, and by the time, they got more confusing. No wonder Sirius called them the little menaces. "It's time," He said, in which the twins blinked. "I'm planning on resurrecting the Dark Lord soon. In a month's time to be exact. I'm not going to be sitting around here until the end of the year, waiting for a chance especially since the Dark Lord is no longer in the castle. I need you two to provide a distraction or something to make Dumbledore leave the castle tonight, so he won't be that suspicious when he finds his precious stone gone missing." "We won't let you down," Twin 1 said. "We'll send an owl to Dumbledore that his assistance is needed at the Ministry to deal with an emergency Wizengamot session…" Twin 2 said. "That would keep him out of the castle for at least two hours," Twin 1 added, in which Harrison smirked. That was perfect. Dumbledore would be away, and he wouldn't notice that the stone was missing. Oh, he couldn't wait to see Dumbledore's priceless face when he found out that the Philosopher's Stone was missing. Unfortunately, he wouldn't be finding out what his reaction would be, until he came with the Dark Lord to conquer Hogwarts. "Perfect. After dinner, would be a perfect time to get him away and I'll simply sneak to the third floor to get the stone." Harrison turned to leave, before he could leave the room, one of the twins said, "You might want this. It's easier to get around the castle and avoid the professors." Twin 1 produced the map, in which Harrison gladly accepted it. It would make his job easier. He needed to dodge them. All he really had to was make Saeviour suspicious enough to think that Snape would get the stone. It would be simple enough in getting Saeviour to think he had to get the stone tonight, and Harrison would simply follow them behind. He wasn't going to risk his neck, when he could watch three entertaining first years risk their lives to get the stone. It was simple. He'd seen how badly Snape treated Saeviour and simply getting, Saeviour to think that Snape was out to get the stone. It was too bad the Dark Lord was no longer in the castle so that he could see Saeviour died by the Dark Lord's hand, but he'd get what was coming for him. He left the room with the two scheming menaces in the room. They gave each other a look, before they followed Harrison out and headed to the next class. … It was quite easy in finding out where Saeviour was at. Sitting in the courtyard discussing something which was quite dull to his ears. It sounded like Quidditch or possibly how unfair Lord Potter was to him. He had stood there for a full minute before he cleared his throat in which Saeviour and Weasel looked up, with a frown on their lips. "What do you want, Death-Eater?" Saeviour spat. "Come to whine that Professor Potter gave you detention?" "No." Harry had taken a breath before he continued, "I just wanted to say I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I treated you poorly and yes, I agree full heartedly that I should be locked up in Azkaban. It'd be better if I was, since I don't want to get jealous of your fame." Harrison wanted to laugh at the dumbfounded expressions of the two. He'd just hope the brat bought the lie and actually forgive him, as if he wanted that. All he wanted to do was get them out and get revenge. He already gave the Potters up right before they locked him, but intelligence never ran in their family and he was still quite disgusted that he shared their blood. At least he didn't lack intelligence, unlike Lord Potter and his spawn. Saeviour had blinked before he continued on, "I'm glad you came to your senses, Harrison." Harrison refrained from wincing at the lack of title, especially since he hated people that called him by his first name as if they were close to him. He'd prefer it if they called him by his surname or by his title, but unfortunately, Saeviour most likely didn't learn the pureblood customs and being respectful to elders, unlike Harrison. "I'm glad so too. Anyways, I just wanted to let you two know that Snape is planning on stealing the Philosopher's Stone, or whatever that is tonight. I overheard him muttering of how much he wants to get rid of you, and plans to resurrect the Dark Lord with that object." "Thanks for the tip," Saeviour said, in which Harrison walked away with a smirk on his face. The Potter Heir was really that dense if he couldn't smell a trap from a mile away. Hopefully, the brat would listen to him, and Harrison only had to watch from the sidelines as he got passed the obstacles. They'd never get anywhere with the Granger girl. Granger avoided them like the plague, and preferred to be around Harrison then the two buffoons. Oh, this was going to be good. He couldn't wait to see Saeviour's expression when he realized that Harrison was the one that was planning on stealing it. Tomorrow, he'd be gone, and they wouldn't know what hit them. Saeviour is really that dense, unfortunately. He wasn't born with intelligence so he really couldn't think for himself and actually think that Harrison wanted to be friends and all what Harrison said was an act to fool Saeviour. Next chapter is Harrison getting the stone. Drop a review down below! Also, to that person who was confused on whether if he was the older brother or younger. He's younger. I'll make sure to go back and fix it soon.
Chapter 20 Harrison twirled his hand as he watched the time. There was only a few minutes left until midnight where he'd strike. It was too bad he couldn't see Dumbledore's face in the morning when he realized that his precious stone was missing. They were six years too late. Maybe if they didn't throw him into Azkaban, things would be different. Just slightly...but he didn't care. He'd still be on the same path as he was today- just less set on revenge. He cast tempus again, showing the time as 11:58. He stood up, casting a silencing spell on himself as he sneaked down from the dormitory. The boys snoring deeply in their sleep. No one would notice him sneaking to the third floor. Thanks to Twin 1 and Twin 2, Harrison managed to get the Marauder's Map. He had no idea a map like that existed, and was still amazed by how Fred and George got it in the first place. Casting a quick lumos, Harrison glanced at everyone's position. Luckily, no one sees to be guarding the third floor minus Snape. He quickly looked at Saeviour's position and saw that he was still stuck on the 7th floor in the Gryffindor Dormitory. He whispered, "Mischief Managed." And the words were wiped clean. Harrison made his way to the third floor careful to avoid anyone that was still roaming the castle. … Harrison soon arrived on the third floor and watched as Snape was heading back to where he was hiding. Unfortunately, he didn't know any invisibility spells - but luckily, he managed to know when the man's patrol was and when it ended. And it was roughly about the time, when the man headed back to the dungeons. Once Snape disappeared into view, Harrison stepped out from the shadows. His emerald eyes pulsing a bright green, a similar shade to the AK as he entered the room. He took note of the cerberus still asleep and the trapdoor peeking out from its paw. Harrison smirked as he realized who's trap this was. Hagrid was the only one dense enough to keep a cerberus as its pet, and also realize that music keeps it asleep which makes it easy for someone who actually had a brain. Honestly, was the senile, old man that stupid or did he actually wanted a dimwitted first year to get past this? Anyone with half a brain could get through this. He casted a spell at the harp to keep playing, and gently moved the cerberus's paw off the trapdoor. Harrison opened the trapdoor, and jumped down-no idea what was on the bottom. If it was anything like the first obstacle, than it'd be fine. He landed on something soft, but yet firm. Harrison quickly recognized it as a plant, but which one it was he had no clue. He wasn't skilled in herbology, but he knew a few things from the lessons. A cold, damp tendril wrapped around his ankle which he froze. It was mostly due to the fact that he wasn't used to human contact, and spending years in Azkaban would cause that. This was definitely Sprout's trap. He relaxed his body as the plant wrapped around him more. Soon, the plant let him go, and he slid down to reveal another dark passageway. He followed it, and heard a soft rustling, and clinking noise from up ahead. He reached the end of the passageway and saw a lit chamber, its ceiling arching high above them. It was full of small, jewel-bright birds, fluttering and tumbling all around the room. On the opposite side of the chamber was a heavy wooden door. He walked gracefully across the room, and approached the door. It was locked. It wasn't like they were going to make this easy. He saw the broomsticks in the middle, and he instantly knew that he had to fly. He got on a broomstick and found the one that matched the lock. He grabbed the key by its wing and put it in the lock. The lock clicked, and opened the door. It was dark to the point where he couldn't see anything in front of him. Harrison stepped onto something and the room lit up. He was standing on a giant chessboard, and from the look it seems he'd have to win to go across. He wasn't a huge fan of chess. He never did see the point-but he did know enough from Draco's tips to know what to do. The white chessman moved, and Harrison commanded the chess pieces to move. He quickly won and he went across the room into the next room. A disgusting smell met his nose and he refrained from vomiting. "Stupify," he said, pointing his wand at the troll. It didn't work, so Harrison cast a series of spells and watched as the troll tumbled to the ground with a lump already forming. He smirked as he knew who this was. It was possibly one of the hardest courses, but he managed. Harrison stepped into the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang up behind him in the doorway. He looked behind him and saw that the fire was purple. This was obviously Professor Snape's obstacle. The man was a genius-with the fires blocking the doors and only 7 potion bottles sitting on the table. He approached the table and read the scroll of paper: Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind, Two of us will help you, which ever you would find, One among us seven will let you move ahead, Another will transport the drinker back instead, Two among our number hold only nettle wine, Three of us are killers, waiting bidden in line. Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore, To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four: First, however slyly the poison tries to hide You will always find some on nettle wine's left side; Second, different are those who stand at either end, But if you would move onward, neither is your friend; Third, as you see clearly, all are different size, Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides; Fourth, the second left and the second on the right Are twins once you taste them, though different at first sight. It only took Harrison a few minutes to figure out. The man was a genius. It was relying on logic-something people lacked. He picked up the smallest bottle and drank it. The dark liquid taste like ice and he went through the flames. The next room was lit, and the only thing there was a mirror. This had to be the final test. It was obviously Dumbledore's. He approached the mirror and read the words: Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi. It was backwards for I show not your face but your hearts desire. Only Dumbledore would spout something like that. Knowing Dumbledore, he would hide the stone inside the mirror-only wanting the light to have it. He closed his eyes and thought of the words: I don't need the stone. I'm just going to hide it away from anyone stealing it. Harrison felt a small weight in his pocket and he pulled it out. A small, red stone was in his head and he smiled. "You!" Harrison recognized the voice; it was Saeviour's. Turning around, he smiled as he Saeviour in the doorway. He was going to have fun. I really apologize for taking so long, but life happens. I finished up my assignments, finished up last school year, went to California for a month so I couldn't write and than summer, and this school year got me busy. My mental health suffered, but I thinking I'm finally making out of this storm. I hope you like the chapter and tell me what you think!
"You!" Harrison recognized the voice; it was Saeviour's. Turning around, he smiled as he Saeviour in the doorway. He was going to have fun. Chapter 21 Harrison smirked as he saw the pathetic savior. Perhaps the name really suited him as Lady and Lord Potter was really blinded by the fact that their child was dense enough and had an average core of any other average wizard. "If it isn't the boy-who-lived," Harrison greeted coldly. "What are you doing here?" Saeviour asked. "I thought it was Snivellus since daddy told me he was a Death Eater and that's why he's so bitter." Exactly like a child, Harrison thought. Saeviour did get one thing right as it turned out Dumbledore's loyal pet wasn't loyal to his cause. "What you actually think it'd be Snape? He may have something against you and your dearest daddy, but he wouldn't be so stupid," Harrison scoffed. "Intelligence really disowned the boy-who-lived. You really have lost." He smirked as he saw the raging features on Saeviour. "You're just jealous!" Saeviour snapped. "You've always been jealous of my fame!" "Jealous? I never been jealous of you…" Harrison said, breathing slowly, "Sure I wanted the attention a long time ago, but they were too blinded… Too blinded to see that all the accidental magical was from me. I was lying in rubble!" "They knew you were a freak!" Freak. The words thundered through his head as he remembered the guards calling him a freak, the wizarding world called him a freak. He would always be a freak to them, but they didn't know what was coming. His magic threatened to break loose, but he controlled it. He wouldn't show the precious boy-who-lived on how much the words affected him. A smug look grew on Saeviour's face as Harrison didn't say anything. Harrison looked at him, his eyes glowing as he responded back, "What would your mummy say hearing you say that?" "You leave her out of this!" Harrison chuckled. It seemed that he struck a nerve from Saeviour. It was a low blow, but he just wanted Saeviour to shut up. "Do you know what you're mummy done the day she died? She tried to apologize to me, but she didn't realize that it was already too late. The damage was done long before and besides, I didn't want to be the pity child." "You liar!" Harrison stepped closer to Saeviour, smirking. He saw that Saevious started to squirm under his still glowing eyes. As they met eye contact, Harrison saw how much Saeviour grieved over his late mother. Lord Potter included. Her death crushed the family and it seemed that Harrison got a bit of revenge. He managed to take the Potters down by a notch, but he'd have his full revenge. "Stupify," Saeviour said, catching Harrison off guard. He responded back quickly before the spell could hit him, "Protego." Saeviour looked furious as Harrison blocked the simple first year spell. "You really are an idiot. Unless you can think of a good spell that isn't a first-year spell than it won't hurt me," Harrison hissed before responding back, "Have a taste of you own medicine than, Potter…Crucio!" As soon as it was cast, Saeviour fell to the ground. Screaming his lungs out. Harrison felt pleasure from it and let it go on for a few minutes before canceling the spell. He wasn't going to kill the savior-at least not yet. He knelt down to Saeviour's level and lifted his chin. Brown eyes met green and Harrison hissed, "Don't try to take me down with a first-year-spell… Obliviate." Harrison said, wiping Saeviour's memory clean of him casting Crucio on him. Step one completed. Now onto step two. Harrison stood up gracefully. He let his mask fall into place, brushed off any dirt off of his robes and headed out, leaving Saeviour on the floor still twitching from the curse. ... Dumbeldore entered the chamber and he looked at the floor. Saeviour's limp form was near his feet with a few twitches here and then. He paid no attention to the boy-who-lived. This was all part of the test that he set up. He was more interested in the Philosopher's Stone-elixir of life that he knew Voldemort was tempted. Losing his body almost eleven years ago on that fateful night. Tom Riddle grew to be the pawn he wanted him to be after all these years; wreaking havoc among the Wizarding World, while Dumbledore gathered his armies. It was easy to say that the dark magic was evil, the magical creatures and they wanted to kill the muggle-borns. He knew the prophecy was fake, but Tom didn't know that. He was too lost in his ways-his soul unstable that he went insane. He told the Potters that Tom was after them and one of their children was to grow up and vanquish the Dark Lord. It was easy to say it was Saeviour. He was the older child by a few minutes, but his core was average. His ex-brother's had a powerful core but it was dark. A child destined to be dark. So he played his cards right. He knew about the mistreatment that the Potters did to him. They abandoned him as he told him that Saeviour was the savior to them all, once Saeviour was born. He got a lock of hair from Peverell-Slytherin, back when he lived with the Potters, and it was easy to manipulate that he needed it for testing. He put the youngest son's lock of hair in the polyjuice potion and made it seem that it was indeed their youngest son's fault and that he was truly evil as he killed all those muggles and injured a few others. The Potters didn't waste anytime handing their youngest son over to the Aurors before they threw him to Azkaban, where he stayed until recent evidence came to right. Dumbeldore stepped over the child and went to the mirror. He cast the spell that the small, ruby stone would go in his hand-but nothing. He clenched his fists tightly before turning away and let Saeviour levitated behind him as he made his away back to the castle. … Saeviour blinked as he looked where he was. Bright light filled the room as he looked around. There was white everywhere. It seemed that he landed in the Hospital Wing. Seaviour had no idea how he l "Professor? What are you doing here?" Saeviour asked in surprise. He grabbed his glasses from the bedside table and put them on. Everything was sharper; clearer. "Nothing to worry about, Saeviour." Dumbeldore's grandfatherly tone was present. Saeviour immediately relaxed from his presence as he knew that Dumbledore would help him. "I wanted to see if you remember anything?" Memories of last night-hopefully it was last night, flashed through his eyes. Going through the obstacles with Ron and Hermione. Ron sacrificing himself on the chessboard. Hermione going back to get help, while Saeviour went on ahead-hoping to save the stone. It wasn't Snivellus, but merely Peverell. Peverell tricked him. Wait, did he manage to get the stone? "Sir, did anyone steal the stone?" Saeviour asked. "I saw Peverell-Slytherin in front of the mirror-but I'm not sure if he managed to get it." Dumbledore sighed. He didn't know if that was a bad sign or a good sign. Dumbeldore spoke which only confirmed Saeviour's fears, "Unfortunately… It may have been Lord Peverell-Slytherin. I have no reason to believe that Lord Voldemort has returned, even though his host has disappeared." "His host?" "Voldemort might have been on the back of Professor Quirell's head, but he disappeared at the start of the second term." "Sir, does that mean Voldemort will get his body back and I'll have to once again vanquish him once and for all?" "I'm afraid so, Mr. Potter." with that, Professor Dumbledore stood from the corner of his bed and Saeviour watched the headmaster exit the Hospital Wing. Saeviour was left in deep thought, but they should have left Lord Peverell-Slytherin in Azkaban. Lord? Saeviour scoffed, who did he think he was? Peverell just wanted a title in hopes that it would compete with the boy-who-lived, but was jealous by how he had the fame. Peverell was simply just jealous of him. The git acted like he was cool and strutted around like he owned the place, terrorizing his housemates. The slimy snake was just jealous of him, but he never should have gotten out of Azkaban. All the slimy snakes deserved to be locked up as they were all dark; after all, there wasn't a person in Slytherin who didn't turn dark. Well look at that. Things got revealed-The Prophecy is fake (though that will play a part), Dumbledore made sure Harrison was thrown in Azkaban. When I said that this will be ending around Chapter 35, I didn't know that there was more that need to be told in this story. I don't know when it will be ending that was just my guess, but I'll figure it out once we get closer. I hope you enjoyed this chapter and drop a review down below!
