Disclaimer: all characters and the wider wizarding world belong to J. K. Rowling. The summer after the Battle of Hogwarts had been one of extremes. The devastating toll on wizarding Britain was difficult to avoid with the funerals of so many on both sides following the victory in quick succession. Hermione had worn her black dress and sensible black shoes more times than she'd care to remember. She thought nothing could be more heartbreaking than Fred's funeral a week after the battle, but she was mistaken. The following day she attended the joint funerals of Remus and Tonks. Little Teddy Lupin cried throughout the service, wrapped up in his grandmother's arms. They were laid to rest next to Ted Tonks. The earth still hadn't settled. Andromeda had sat stoically, stroking her grandson's hair as he wailed. Ron had held Hermione's hand and stroked her hair as she cried herself to sleep on the Weasley's sofa that night, Ginny and Harry curled up on the oversized armchair. Mrs Weasley didn't even have the heart to tell them to go to their rooms, impropriety be damned. On the flip side, the charity work, the rebuilding, the press appearances, the presentation of the Order of Merlin and the balls and parties allowed everyone to fully celebrate for the first time in years. The Obliviators had their hands full (even if no formal charges were brought despite the clouds over Bristol remaining bright green for nearly two days) and the healers at St Mungo's took out several full-page ads warning of the dangers of apparating after too many firewhiskeys. The Auror department, with help from senior Order members, had rounded up most of the remaining Death Eaters. A small number remained at large, including Dolohov, the Lestrange brothers and Theodore Nott Sr. who had fled the country. Posters with their faces detailing their many crimes were quickly covered with bunting and fliers for charity events. Wizarding Britain wanted to move on. Hermione, with the help of the Australian Ministry for Magic, quickly located Wendell and Monica Wilkins and restored her parents' memories. The reunion had been difficult; Jean and Richard Granger were furious their daughter had gone off to war and sent them on their merry way, but after several hours of shouting, crying and many cups of tea, they'd understood. Harry and Ron waited nervously on the porch of the Wilkins residence in Melbourne, re-casting a silencing spell every hour or so until Hermione had re-emerged in the early hours of the morning and said they could head home. Her parents had understood, and they had forgiven, but they'd also built a life here in Australia and whilst she was secretly hurt, she thought it would be better. After all, they could never truly integrate with her world and she was never going back to living like a muggle so perhaps the distance would make the transition less awkward. She arranged to have their home masked with every protection known to wizarding kind and promised to visit as often as she could get a portkey. Hermione and Ron had spent the summer at the Burrow. Their relationship had blossomed and they snuck off to be alone as frequently as the many Weasley family members would allow, exploring young love and experiencing many firsts (for Hermione, at least). But despite the summer reprieve, Hermione still had difficulty with the fact that Ron had abandoned her and Harry during the last year and Ron had difficulty understanding half of what Hermione said. They had struggled on for a couple of months, but they had fought more than they'd enjoyed one another's company and in the end they had agreed they made much better friends than partners and broken it off amicably. Ron struggled with the change at first, and Hermione had packed up to leave but after stern words from Mrs Weasley everyone had agreed it was better they stick together. Harry and Ginny had picked up exactly where they left off. Mrs Weasley encouraged them wherever possible but had to be calmed down by her husband when Harry had asked for Ginny's name to be added to both the Potter vault at Gringotts and the deed for Grimmauld Place. Senior Order members had visited the Burrow several times over the summer. McGonagall had shared her and the new Minister's idea to re-do the last year of Hogwarts in its entirety, inviting all the muggleborns who should have been in attendance last year and just having a bumper first year. It was the only way to be sure everyone had a fair chance to get their qualifications. The howlers from parents whose children had attended last year only stopped when Harry, Ron, Hermione and Neville gave an exclusive interview to Witch Weekly on how they were all going to be attending next year, completing their 7th and final year in its entirety, as well as Ginny, who would be repeating her 6th year. There would be no shortcuts for the Golden Trio and the other young war heroes. Hermione had been offered the position of Head Girl. Her prefect position was to be offered to Harry in her stead, in a break from the norm, a clear nod from McGonagall for everything he had done. The Head Boy position would be taken by Michael Corner of Ravenclaw who had also confirmed his attendance. Ron grumbled that it should have been either Harry or him, a little too loudly to be polite in McGonagall's presence, but one stern look from Molly Weasley and he quickly let it be, claiming he was just happy it wasn't a Slytherin, earning an eye-roll from Hermione. So it was, on a sunny morning in August a quartet of letters arrived with the Weasley's copy of the Daily Prophet. Hermione was laying the table for breakfast while Molly busied herself in the kitchen – always the first to rise in the Weasley household, she had quickly tried to make herself as useful as possible. The Order of Merlin may have come with a nice reward for both her and the Weasleys but she was never one to take their hospitality for granted. She thanked the owl at the window with a couple of owl treats as she untied the bundle of post. Mrs Weasley emerged from the kitchen "Breakfast is nearly ready, everyone up!" Hermione skipped over to where Mrs Weasley stood at the foot of the stairs and added her voice to the wake-up call "Our Hogwarts letters have arrived!" Their calls were answered by thunderous shouts and slamming doors. Satisfied that they were at least up, both women smiled at each other as Herimione passed Molly the rolled-up paper and returned to setting the table. Molly took the paper and untied the string, allowing it to spring flat on the table and gasped. The colour drained from her face and she looked over at Hermione with sad eyes. Hermione crossed the room and looked down. "MALFOY TRIAL STARTS TOMORROW – Date finally set for trial of Voldemort's second in command and family" Just beneath the headline, smirking at her from the black and white picture were the faces of the Malfoys and, in an inset to the right, Bellatrix Lestrange. She was laughing maniacally but her eyes never even blinked. Hermione was sure those eyes would follow her anywhere she was in the room. Hermione was vaguely aware of someone pushing her down into a chair as her breathing became erratic. "What happened?" Ron demanded as he came bounding down the stairs. Mrs Weasley indicated the paper which still lay on the table. He took one look before marching over to Hermione and kneeling by her chair, pulling her into his arms as he stroked her hair. "It's ok, it's over. She's gone, she can't hurt you anymore," he whispered. He continued to murmur reassuring words while she concentrated on steadying her breathing. When she could once again breathe normally, she lifted her hands to wipe her face and caught a glimpse of her forearm, making her pause again. The healers had done everything they could think of. "If you'd sought help sooner we might have been able to counteract the curse in the blade," one particularly stern Mediwitch had told her. She had laughed at that; as if she could have walked into St Mungo's last year. They'd made some suggestions of experimental treatments she could try, or a glamour she could cast daily, but she'd just got up and walked out. At least by this time next year the scar would not be angry and red. She would just have to make sure to wear long sleeves at Hogwarts until then. Harry, Ginny, George and Arthur had joined them in the kitchen by the time she had calmed down. They'd seen the paper and looked at her with understanding eyes. "I'm so sorry – I didn't mean to get all flustered like that and ruin breakfast for everyone." "Nonsense!" Molly countered, as she came sweeping from the kitchen with platters filled high with eggs, bacon, sausages, beans and toast. "I usually have to cast warming charms because the boys didn't get up early enough, there's no harm done." The platters settled on the table and everyone settled down and tucked in. "Can you pass the sausages, Gin?" "Ron – must you check every single piece of toast before selecting one?" "But I like to make sure I get the least burnt bit!" "I'm sure I didn't hear you complaining about my cooking, Ronald!" "What?? No, mum, 'course not!" The clamour was quickly replaced by the contented silence of people eating. Hermione was glad of the normality. She had been doing so well, but she was sure the nightmare would return tonight. She could always take some Dreamless Sleep, but she was adamant that she wanted to be completely off the draught by the time she went back to Hogwarts and she wasn't about to let something as silly as a picture in the paper set her back. Once the breakfast dishes had been cleared away, Harry looked pensive. His eyebrows knit together and Ginny had to call him three times to get him to come outside with her. Hermione might not have been on top form but something was bothering him. She kicked Ron under the table. "Ow! What was that for?" "What's up with Harry?" she enquired. Maybe they'd discussed something in their room late last night and she hadn't been brought up to speed yet. "Dunno. You're usually better at that sort of stuff, aren't you?" Ron grumbled as he rubbed his shin. She grabbed his arm and pulled him outside after Ginny and Harry. They were half-way to the makeshift Quidditch pitch by the time they caught up with them. She shared a couple of looks with Ginny that immediately told her the red-head was in cahoots with whatever was eating him up and that she would have to get it direct from him so they just settled in to a comfortable walking pace beside them. When they reached the pitch, Ginny dragged Ron away to get some brooms from the shed while Hermione and Harry sat on a tree stump. Ever since the trials had begun several weeks ago he'd known this was coming. It had kept him up for several nights, his conscience warring with the memory of his teenage spat – he was falling asleep over his breakfast before Ginny finally cornered him and demanded that he tell her. She'd listened to his reasoning – Narcissa was the reason he was alive, and Draco had lied about who they were at the Manor – and she'd agreed with every word, and promised to support him when it came to dealing with Ron and Hermione. "Ok, spill. What's on your mind?" Harry looked up then. He looked directly into Hermione's eyes and tried to read her. He knew this would be hardest on her but it was the right thing to do. He'd been thinking about how to approach her about it – he knew it would appeal to her sense of right and wrong, and ordinarily Ron would have been the harder one to get on-side, but with her history with the Malfoys and their extended family he had deliberately put off this conversation for weeks. The episode this morning couldn't have come at a worse time. It was now or never. "Hermione…I've been thinking." He hesitated, then dragged his hand through his messy hair as if the right words might fall from the tangle of black. "Go on Harry. This morning was….a blip. I've been so much better lately so whatever it is you can tell me." "I…Ithinkweshouldgiveevidence," he blurted. Hermione looked at him and blinked. He clearly needed to be more explicit. Taking a deep breath he tried again. "I think we should give evidence. For the Malfoys." Now she understood why he'd been so hesitant. Well, that was a relief, this she could do. "I couldn't agree more, Harry. Lucius might be a nasty piece of work but Narcissa lied to Voldemort for you – I mean, can you imagine how hard it must have been to keep him out of her mind at that point – and Draco was lowering his wand in the Astronomy tower – you said so yourself – and who threatens a 16 year old boy with the murder of his entire family if he doesn't kill one of the most powerful wizards in history? Not to mention that he refused to identify us at the Manor and-" "Woah Hermione, take a breath!" Harry interjected. They smiled at each other as she did as instructed. "So you're ok with this? I mean, the Wizengamot might have a lot more friendly faces on it than it did before the war but it's still going to be hard work, they'll want all the details, memory evidence too." Harry looked at his friend as she turned to watch the returning Weasleys with their hands full of brooms. "I know Harry. I didn't say it would be easy but it's the right thing to do." "What's the right thing to do?" Hermione turned to Harry and smiled. A silent understanding passed between them – this wasn't going to be easy. Hermione tipped her head slightly in Ginny's direction and Harry nodded. At least they were all on the same page. "Hermione and I are going to give evidence at the Malfoy trial tomorrow." The silence was deafening. Hermione stood slowly as she stared at Ron's face, the red spreading up his neck and face. He was struggling to control himself. The broom fell from his hands as he started making fists, his knuckles white with the strain of it. "Ron, I-" "You've got to be joking, right?" He sounded surprisingly calm. This wasn't a good sign. Explosive Ron they could handle. He was trying to hold back – and that just meant they were delaying the inevitable. "Hermione, just this morning you were having a panic attack at the sight of her picture and you want to give evidence at a full Wizengamot hearing, where they'll want you to give memory evidence, make you relive the whole thing. Are you mad? You can't do this, it shouldn't be allowed, they don't know what this will cost, they won't be the ones to put you back together, I won't let you-" "You won't let me?" Hermione knew this wasn't helping matters, her voice had lost all of the conciliatory tone she had started with but as he'd continued to talk she just saw red. "Who do you think you are? You won't let me give evidence in a trial for people who, however unpleasant they may have been, saved our lives – Harry's on more than one occasion – and ultimately led to Voldemort's downfall? I have news for you, Ronald Weasley, I don't need your permission to do anything and tomorrow morning I will be in the Ministry giving evidence in the hope that they won't sentence the entire family to life in Azkaban!" "Why? Let them rot there, 'Mione. After what they did – Malfoy deserves everything he gets, the little ferret was always a git. Or would you rather focus on what they didn't do – they just watched while you were tortured on their drawing room floor!" "Ron, don't you think you're being a little insensitive?" Ginny tried in vain to stop him from going too far. She knew the Weasley temper was just heating up. She dropped her broom and started pulling on his arm and looked pleadingly at her boyfriend. Harry quickly picked up on the signals and, putting an arm around Hermione he tried to turn her around to the house. It was no good, he would never get her out of earshot in time. "I'll bet Narcissa had the elves put down a big rug, so she never has to tell her pure-blood friends she has mudblood stains on the floor!" Harry would tell Ginny later (prompting a giggling fit that she had some difficulty controlling) that Hermione's punches had – amazingly – improved since third year. Before he knew what was happening, Ron was sprawled on the floor nursing a broken nose. The blood spattered on Hermione's knuckles filled in the blank for him. The rage he'd been channelling just moments before seeped from him as he lay there, mouth opening and closing like a fish out of water, staring into the furious, sparkling eyes of his best friend. He felt sick, and the colour drained from his face as she turned around and walked back to the house without saying a word. "Bloody hell." "Yeah," muttered Harry. "That about covers it." By the time Ginny, Harry and Ron made their way back to the house, after a quick spell to fix a broken nose and clear away the blood, Mrs Weasley was stood in the kitchen, hands on hips waiting for them. Ron at least had the sense to look bashful as Ginny and Harry exchanged looks. "Will someone please explain to me why Hermione just thanked me for my hospitality and started packing her things?" Ginny rolled her eyes. Sometimes Hermione could be just as dramatic as her idiotic brother. "You stay here and make sure he tells at least some version of the truth!" Ginny was already half way up the stairs by the time she finished. Ron paled under his mother's gaze. He swallowed hard and stared at the floor, the walls, the ceilings. "I might have been a bit, well….I was a bit cross, but really, she's overreacting…and I had every right to be cross, really, I mean, I don't know what Harry was thinking bringing up that trial, especially after this morning." Molly's gaze fell on Harry, who blushed. He would remember to thank Ron later for deflecting some of the blame. He ran a hand through his hair as he looked from Ron's pleading face to Mrs Weasley's kind but firm stare. "Hermione and I are going to the trial tomorrow, to give evidence. We think it's the right thing to do," he started. When Mrs Weasley didn't say anything he continued, "I know the Malfoys have been horrible – believe me, I know – but Narcissa lied to save me and Draco is the same age as us, we were just children. I doubt I can say anything to save Lucius – Merlin knows, I can't think of a single reason to – but it would be wrong if we didn't speak up. "Hermione agrees with me but Ron, um, I mean, we had a slight disagreement about it," he added, looking over at Ron. Molly observed the two boys – no, men – standing in front of her. Despite both being taller than she was by now, they avoided her gaze as they looked mostly at the floor but occasionally met each other's eyes. It was difficult for her to bite her tongue when it came to the Malfoys. Narcissa had always been cruel to her and her family, and Lucius' campaign against her husband had been the cause of many a sleepless night of worry. She wasn't at all surprised when their son had turned on hers, and his friends. But Harry had said Hermione agreed with him – it was the right thing to do. The war could so easily have broken these young people, but despite all that they'd been through here they were talking about the right thing to do. She couldn't help it, her eyes glistened with unshed tears. "Right. Well. I shan't be overjoyed if you succeed in gaining them any clemency but I'm so very proud of you for thinking it." Ron slowly raised his head, a confused look scrunching up his face. He was sure he must have misheard. "Mum, did you hear right? He said the Malfoys. You know, the ones who've had it in for our family for forever. You can't be serious!" Molly took her son's face in her hands – she used to do it when he was a child, to make sure he was really paying attention. "Ronald, I would walk over hot coals for my children. That woman lied to Voldemort's face. Even I have to admit that took guts, and should be taken into account. I'm not going to suggest we have them over for Christmas but what we need now is to move on. Too many years of war, too much loss, too much pain. We need peace, forgiveness." She wiped the tears from her eyes using the bottom of her apron and returned her hands to her hips so as to make clear she meant business. "So, Ron, Harry, both of you go and get your best shirts, I'll need to iron them if we're to appear at the Wizengamot tomorrow!"
Disclaimer: all characters and the wider wizarding world belong to J. K. Rowling. Draco woke in a cold sweat. The nightmares that had plagued him nightly in the aftermath of the battle were now a lot less frequent but time had not dulled them. Visions of giant snakes on the dining table; Fenrir Greyback returning from a successful mission drenched in blood; his aunt cackling, holding her cursed blade in her hand. A bushy haired know-it-all Gryffindor, writhing and screaming on the drawing room floor. He got out of bed, cleaned his face and dressed quickly. He knew his mother would be up and at breakfast so he headed down to meet her. After the battle, the Malfoys sat in The Great Hall with everyone else and drank cups of tea with the victors. They'd offered no resistance when they'd been requested to remain under house arrest until their trial. McGonagall had looked at him with sad eyes as she'd escorted them home and warded their property against them. They'd been powerless to stop her, wandless as they were. His father had alternated between paralysing fear and uncontrollable rage in the weeks that followed. His mother had taken up residence in the room across the hall from Draco's bedroom and they had kept to themselves in his wing of the mansion. They ate together and in his more lucid, calm moments Lucius joined them. They had been permitted to keep their elves so they didn't starve. He supposed he should be grateful for that, even if his father was not. As he reached the breakfast room he heard raised voices and slowed to listen to the conversation. "All I'm saying, Cissy, is that we should plead the Imperius curse again. It worked once, it will work again. You can tell them how I became a different person, Draco can attest to how out of character my actions were and they will acquit us all and once we have our freedom we can go back to the way things-" "Are you insane, Lucius?" Narcissa interrupted. "Do you still think we have the ear of the Wizengamot? Do you think things will just be like this never happened? You can't lie your way out this time and I will not have you drag us both down with you. Our son is on trial for attempted murder. Our son! You did this to him. You did this to us. You did it of your own free will and I am done with it. I will be pleading today for Draco's life and Draco's life alone. If you were even half as good a father as he thinks you are you would do the same." Draco heard a door slam and then the quiet sobs of his mother through the door. He entered silently and knelt on the floor at his mother's side. "Mother," he whispered. "Enough tears. Malfoys don't cry, remember?" She looked up through tear-stained lashes and smiled weakly at him. "My dragon, I'm no Malfoy. You know we discussed this. Regardless of what happens today, that man is no longer my husband." "I know, mother, I understand," he muttered into her hair as he held her. She pushed him away and brushed the tears from her face. "Nevertheless, your point still stands, and Blacks do not cry either. I will need the elves to cast glamour charms on my eyes at this rate and that simply won't do. I want to look refined but remorseful, and red-rimmed eyes just won't go with that look." He smiled as his mother regained some of her poise. "I don't know, mother. Those bleeding heart Gryffindors cry all the time and it seems to work for them." He smirked as he took his seat at the table and helped himself to some toast. He didn't have much of an appetite, but he couldn't risk passing out half-way through the trial. Everyone would be watching for one of them to step out of line, he couldn't give them the satisfaction. "Remember what I said, Draco. We are in a new world now. The Dark Lord is gone, pureblood society is half decimated and we are on trial. If we get out of this mess we will have a job to drag ourselves back into the light. We were powerful once, we will be so again, but we have to be humble in defeat and we have to learn to live in this new world. Your father lives in a fantasy land where everything will be as it was, but we both know better. Blood isn't what it was anymore, and neither is money." Narcissa paused to check her son was listening carefully, it was crucial he understood. "Honour is the new currency and we are in debt." It was the same lecture he had heard almost every day of the summer. He had been surprised at first when his mother had explained what had transpired in the forest, but the more he thought about it he realised his mother had been surprisingly quiet on the matter of blood purity since the return of the Dark Lord. He had struggled with the idea of changing everything he knew but once his mother had let slip that the Dark Lord himself was a half-blood with a muggle father he had found it much easier to break down the walls he'd built his entire life. If the most powerful dark wizard of all time was a half-blood and he and his army of purebloods had been defeated by three teenagers; one blood-traitor, one half-blood and one muggleborn, what argument was left? Draco had always prided himself on his logic. He nodded and thankfully his mother dropped the topic. He didn't have the energy to have this conversation again, especially not today. He needed to conserve his energy for later. Giving testimony under Veritaserum could be very draining, his lawyers had told him. The aurors arrived at nine o'clock on the dot and accompanied them to the Ministry. They were placed in a single holding cell and waited for the trial to begin. Lucius began pacing and muttering about mudbloods and blood traitors and how they would be sorry once he had his wand back but Draco and his mother sat on the opposite side of the room and ignored him as best they could. The corridor that led to the courtroom was near black, which made the bright lights as they emerged into the new, family-friendly dock, blinding. Draco suspected this was a clever technique to put the accused on the back-foot; near-blind and causing them to scrunch up their faces, like they were afraid to look you in the eye. He was determined to make a good impression so he shook it off as quickly as possible. The full Wizengamot was in attendance. There were many faces he didn't recognise, he guessed that the new Minister had filled the old pureblood seats who were now in disgrace with those faithful to the new order. Lucius was living in a fantasy, this room was stacked against them. They were to be tried together, a family trial, as well as their individual crimes. Their lawyers had made it clear they were to appear humble, repentant, to plead for leniency and claim they had no choice. Lucius had stormed out of the meeting disgusted, ranting about the proper order of things and the respect owed to him and his kin. He sat with his head high, the picture of pureblooded supremacy. Narcissa and Draco sat apart from him, looking straight ahead, trying to school their features into passive looks. Kingsley Shacklebolt entered the chamber, his purple robes fluttering behind him and took his seat. The new Minister for Magic was a force to be reckoned with, so far most Death Eaters had been tried and found guilty, either sentenced to Azkaban or lengthy house arrest with wand privileges revoked. This was the last of the trials for those taken at the final battle, and the most high profile. He had allowed the press limited access and he knew this had to be perfect. "I call this court to order. This is docket number 109562, the Wizengamot of Wizarding Britain versus Lucius Abraxas Malfoy, Narcissa Malfoy nee Black, and Draco Lucius Malfoy. The crimes are as follows; Lucius Abraxas Malfoy is accused of being a Death Eater, crimes under the command of Tom Riddle including the use of at least 2 unforgivable curses, the unlawful imprisonment of Garrick Ollivander, Luna Lovegood, the gremlin Griphook, Hermione Granger, Ronald Weasley and Harry Potter, and assisting in the torture of Hermione Granger. "Narcissa Malfoy nee Black is accused of assisting her husband, entering an unbreakable vow with Severus Snape to assist her son in the assassination of Albus Dumbledore, the unlawful imprisonment of those witches and wizards already detailed in her husband's case, and assisting in the torture of Hermione Granger. "Draco Lucius Malfoy is accused of being a Death Eater, crimes under the command of Tom Riddle including the use of the Imperius curse, the attempted murder of Albus Dumbledore, resulting in the accidental cursing of Katie Bell and the accidental poisoning of Ronald Weasley, aiding Death Eaters to enter Hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry resulting in the death of Albus Dumbledore, the unlawful imprisonment of those witches and wizards already detailed in his father's case, and assisting in the torture of Hermione Granger." There was murmuring in the court once the charges had been read. Draco hung his head in shame. It sounded so much worse when it was all read out like that. At least his mother's list of charges was so much shorter. There was hope she would get away without going to Azkaban. The legal proceedings droned on, they heard from prosecution witnesses, people they'd wronged. Draco thought it interesting that they couldn't secure testimony from any of the witches or wizards listed as their prisoners. They were painted in a terrible light, every back hander his father had ever orchestrated in Knockturn alley, every dark witch or wizard they'd ever been associated with, every insult Draco had hurled at students in the corridors at Hogwarts had been dredged up. Pages and pages of testimony, backed up with memory evidence that had already been reviewed before they were summoned. Eventually the prosecution rested, and they were allowed a recess. On their return to the courtroom, Draco couldn't keep his head up any longer and looked at the floor, his hair hanging in his eyes. "This court is now in order. I understand the defendants are willing to take the stand under Veritaserum, should the court deem that necessary, but first we have some supporting statements to hear." There was some commotion and the gasps and murmurings of the crowd increased but Draco was already working out how he would survive Azkaban so he didn't look up. "Please state your name, and proceed with your statement" Kingsley ordered. "Harry James Potter. I'd like to make a statement in defence of Narcissa Malfoy nee Black and Draco Lucius Malfoy." Draco's head snapped up. There, in the witness seat was Potter, in clean robes, his unruly hair as unkempt as ever, pushing his glasses up in a nervous manner. The boy who lived, the saviour of the wizarding world had come to speak at his trial. Could this day get any worse? Kingsley indicated Harry to proceed. "I would not be here if it weren't for Narcissa Malfoy. In the forbidden forest, during the final battle, when I confronted Voldemort and he cast the killing curse at me, destroying the horcrux he'd made all those years ago, it was Narcissa who told him I was dead. If she hadn't lied to his face, he would have cursed me again and I wouldn't have stood a chance. She never took the dark mark, despite her husband and sister both being avid supporters of Tom Riddle. As this court has already heard on several occasions, Severus Snape was a loyal member of the Order of the Phoenix and undertook the unbreakable vow with Narcissa under Dumbledore's specific instructions. As for the imprisonment, it was Bellatrix Lestrange, Lucius Malfoy and Peter Pettigrew who imprisoned us in the dungeons of Malfoy Manor earlier this year. Narcissa was present but not involved." He paused for the weight of his words to hit home. The courtroom was completely silent. "In the case of Draco Malfoy, it's true he was a Death Eater, but the time at which he was marked, his father was in Azkaban and had just failed the mission to retrieve the prophecy in the Department of Mysteries so I doubt he had much of a choice, being 16 years old and having Tom Riddle living in his house at the time. I have also provided memory evidence that both Katie Bell and Ronald Weasley do not wish to be included in this case at this time, so their charges should be ignored. The murder of Albus Dumbledore I have already covered. The plan went exactly as Dumbledore expected, with the exception of the Death Eaters in the castle, who did no significant lasting damage to either the property or its inhabitants. Dumbledore was killed by Severus Snape, at his own command. Malfoy – I mean – Draco didn't fire a single curse. And again, I've already mentioned those responsible for our imprisonment at Malfoy Manor earlier this year, Draco was not involved." Kingsley thanked Harry for his statement and he moved to step down. He had to walk past the dock on his way to his seat and on the way past he nodded to both Draco and Narcissa before taking his seat. Draco put his head in his hands. The boy who lived had probably saved his mother, but there was still too much against him. He could hear more murmurings in the crowd and his mother nudged him in the ribs. When he looked up his eyes met with brown ones in the witness seat. He groaned inwardly. He was wrong, apparently this day could get worse. "Please state your name, and proceed with your statement." "Hermione Jean Granger. I'm here to make a statement on behalf of Draco Lucius Malfoy and Narcissa Malfoy nee Black. "As Harry has already confirmed, neither Narcissa nor Draco were responsible for our imprisonment. I was not present at the Astronomy Tower the night Professor Dumbledore died, nor in the forbidden forest, but I was present at the killing of Nagini, Voldemort's final horcrux, so I can attest to the fact that Harry would have been unable to kill him if Narcissa's rouse had failed at that time. I…I'm here-" She faltered, her hand went to her left arm. Even though she had glamoured it, the scar was still visible. "I'm here to talk about my torture at Malfoy Manor earlier this year." The murmurings of the crowd reached a new high and Kingsley called the court to order again. When the noise had subsided she continued. "We were captured by snatchers and taken to Malfoy Manor in March of this year. Before we were caught I hit Harry with a stinging hex which caused his face to swell so he was hard to identify, but his scar remained. The snatchers handed us over to Lucius and Bellatrix because we were suspected of being the so-called golden trio. They asked Draco to identify us. I could tell he recognised us; both Ron and I had no disguise, but he refused to tell his father that he knew it was us. As a result, they were afraid to call Voldemort, in case they were wrong. Lucius and Peter Pettigrew took Harry and Ron to the dungeon while Bellatrix Lestrange kept me behind, because she had discovered the sword of Godric Gryffindor in my possession and she believed I had been into her vault. She-" Hermione stopped and took a deep breath. Movement across the room caught her eye and she saw as Draco lifted his head to look straight at her. It was only a moment, but he shook his head almost imperceptibly before putting his head in his hands, his palms covering his eyes. "She tortured me using the Cruciatus curse and she carved my arm using a cursed blade so the wound will never fully heal." She lifted her arm and removed the glamour. The gallery gasped and Kingsley called them back to order, giving Hermione time to breathe. "Narcissa and Draco were present in the room but they did not participate or assist Bellatrix. I caught brief glimpses of their faces during my time in the drawing room. They were certainly not willing participants. I don't think they wanted to be there any more than I did." Her voice was little more than a whisper by the end and the only sound was the quiet scribbling of the quills in the press seating. "Thank you, Hermione," Kingsley spoke softly, as if to a child. "That will be all." Hermione stood, but her legs felt like jelly. She made her way back to her seat, passing the dock on the way. Narcissa smiled weakly at her as she passed and Lucius ignored her, but Draco still had his head in his hands, almost doubled over, like he was trying to make himself as small as possible. "The Wizengamot will consider the statements while we have a small break." The gavel knocked three times and the Malfoys were led back to their holding cell to wait. They did not have to wait long. When they were called back, there was an excited chatter in the gallery of the court, it seemed the press had doubled in size during the break. "In light of the statements made by Harry James Potter and Hermione Jean Granger, it is the decision of this court that Narcissa Malfoy nee Black and Draco Lucius Malfoy be acquitted of all charges." There was a huge explosion of noise from those present. Angry shouts from the gallery echoed in Draco's ears but he barely heard them. He and his mother were acquitted. They were free. There would be no further punishment, no years rotting away in Azkaban. He turned to his mother and saw she was crying for the second time that day. She reached for him and they clung to one another as she sobbed. Lucius turned to face them both muttering about the impropriety and how Malfoys did not do such things but Draco barely heard him. All he could think of was his mother, sobbing in his arms. They could go home. They were free. Kingsley was trying to wrangle the court back to order. "There are no further supporting statements. We are now on to the testimony of the accused." Kingsley boomed as the court settled down once more. "As two of the accused have been acquitted, we are left only with the testimony of Lucius Abraxas Malfoy. Does the accused wish to take the stand?" Lucius looked at his wife and son and back at the assembled members of the Wizengamot with his customary sneer. "I see no reason to explain myself to the likes of you." Narcissa's sobs were drowned out by the courtroom chatter. "Silence!" Kingsley ordered. "In that case, with no supporting statements and no testimony to consider, it is the decision of this court that Lucius Abraxas Malfoy is found guilty of all charges. The punishment is life imprisonment at Azkaban prison and the removal of all wand and head of house privileges with immediate effect." The courtroom erupted into chaos. Cameras flashed, quills were scribbling, and the shouts from the gallery nearly drowned out Lucius' shouts about blood traitors, mudbloods and their lack of respect as he was dragged from the room. Kingsley drew the proceedings to a close and dismissed the court. The chamber emptied slowly as Draco held his mother, until the quiet sobs were all that was left.
Disclaimer: all characters and the wider wizarding world belong to J. K. Rowling. Molly hugged Harry and Hermione as they came out of the court. "I'm so proud of you both," she fussed. Ron and Ginny pushed forward to hug them as well. The press were far enough away that their shouted questions were just noise and they knew they couldn't get a good picture. Short of being in an Order house, this was as close as they could get to privacy. "Minerva wanted a word with you before we left, I said we'd meet her here, I hope that's ok." McGonagall swept around the corner, ignoring the press and the clamour. Dressed in dark green and black tartan robes, she looked every inch the headmistress as she approached the group. "How can we help you Headmistress?" Hermione asked, once pleasantries had been exchanged. "Hogwarts business, I'm afraid, Miss Granger," the older witch sighed. "I know you've agreed to come back and I'm very grateful." "Our letters arrived yesterday - I can't tell you how thrilled I am to be head girl, professor," Hermione gushed. Ron rolled his eyes and earned a swift elbow from his mother. "Yes, well, I wanted to discuss the other students who will also be returning for their final year. More specifically those from Slytherin house." The older witch watched as the four young faces in front of her changed as their owners processed that information. Harry simply looked at Ginny and shared a knowing look, as he reached for her hand. Hermione's mouth made a surprised 'o' as she thought for a moment, before a glorious smile erupted on her face and she beamed at her mentor. Ron was not quite so understanding. His face was bright red by the time he summoned the courage to speak. "You can't be serious!" he bellowed. Molly elbowed her youngest son once again. "Ronald, quiet now! Listen to what Minerva has to say before you reply, please." The colour draining from Ron's neck and face was reply enough. "Thank you, Molly. As I was saying, there are several Slytherin students who have expressed a desire to return, some of whom have parents now in Azkaban. I trust you three - well, four including you Miss Weasley - will not be so foolish as to associate the sins of the fathers with your classmates." A stern look followed, and Ginny had to control her giggles as her brother's face grew red once more. Harry squeezed her hand before replying for the group. "Of course, professor. They were kids, just like us, and it's not like most of them fought with Voldemort." He nervously adjusted his glasses before continuing. "But what about the ones who did support him? Parkinson, Goyle and Malfoy?" McGonagall's eyes shone. Although they were only children, it was clear the young people in front of her had matured so much over the past couple of years. Gone was the angry boy who had cursed another in a bathroom in a fit of rage and instead a measured young man with intelligent questions filled his shoes. She could not have been prouder if they had been her own children. "An excellent question, Mr Potter. Mr Goyle has indicated that he would like to continue with his studies as he is now head of his house and his mother is concerned he will need all the help he can get. Miss Parkinson replied to my owl with a terse response but nevertheless says she wishes to return to the school and bury the past." The older witch paused and looked at the young adults gathered before her, judging whether they were ready. "And I have yet to speak with Mister Malfoy, as he has been under house arrest. I was intending to offer him a place if he would like it, but I wanted to check with you first. I know you spoke on his behalf as well as Narcissa's but I wanted to ask if you thought there was any reason I should not," the older witch paused, her eyes narrowing. "Perhaps something you did not share in his trial?" Hermione thought Ron was about to explode, he was now an impressive shade of purple. Looking to Harry and Ginny, who both nodded their support, she stepped forward in an attempt to avoid an incident this close to the press. "Professor, if I may. Our testimony today was the truth - we didn't exaggerate or lie, or omit anything. Draco Malfoy was just a child caught up in this fight, the same as us. He was simply caught up on the other side of it. I think yours an excellent suggestion. After all, everyone should have the opportunity to finish their schooling." Minerva smiled at her brightest student and grasped her shoulder. "Miss Granger, I had no doubt you would be the voice of compassion. I shall speak to him about returning to school then. I'll have to select another prefect, of course-" "If I may, professor, why must you?" Hermione interjected. "I mean, Death Eater or no, Malfoy was actually a decent prefect despite everything, and there's no denying he's a competent wizard. He would be good for patrols and helping the younger ones if he can be persuaded to focus on the right things." Molly and the older witch shared a look and the flame-haired matriarch had tears in her eyes when she nodded her head slightly. When Ron made a move to object vehemently, Molly pulled him away from the conversation to have stern words. "Very well, Miss Granger, those are good points and I'll see how he is when I speak to him," McGonagall sighed. "He'd never admit it but he is a very lucky individual to have you two arguing his case. I suspect it would be wise not to hold out for his gratitude though; the Malfoys are a proud bunch. I look forward to seeing you in September." In a swirl of tartan the Headmistress retreated back to the courtroom and Harry, Ginny and Hermione were left alone in the corridor. Ron was still being scolded, albeit quietly, by Molly so the three stood awkwardly to one side until she was finished. Ginny grabbed Hermione's hand and leaned in to whisper to her. "That was a really good thing you did, Mione. He doesn't deserve it but I almost hope McGonagall is wrong about him not being grateful, we could all use a second chance now and then." She tilted her head to her youngest brother and wiggled her eyebrows at her friend. Hermione just rolled her eyes and shook her head. "Oh Gin, I think we both know we'd be much better off as friends." Ginny sighed, it's not like she was rooting for her brother over her friend, but when the war had ended she had this vision of them all being family and now it seemed like it wasn't to be, she couldn't help but mourn what could have been. "I know, I just thought it would be nice to have you as a sister." Hermione swatted her friend on the arm and pulled her in for a bone-crushing hug. "You'll always be a sister to me, Ginny, don't be daft. I hope I don't have to marry your idiot brother for you to think of me in the same way." Harry watched as the two girls - no, women - he loved more than anything in the world hugged and smiled. Ron sidled up beside him, his face a little less red and his demeanour thoroughly chastised. "Well done for today, mate. He doesn't deserve it, but it just goes to show how much better you are, doesn't it?" He muttered to Harry. "And you, of course, Mione. But no such thing as a lost cause for you, is there? Hermione Granger for Minister for Magic!" Ron ducked Hermione's slap as they collapsed in giggles and moved to follow Molly to the atrium. A gentle tap on the shoulder roused Draco and he looked up into the stern face of Professor McGonagall. She pursed her lips and waited for Narcissa to compose herself. "Narcissa, Mr Malfoy." "Minerva." Narcissa pulled herself together and straightened her robes. Draco produced a handkerchief and she dried her eyes addressing the woman before her. "I assumed we would still have business to attend to, it wouldn't be as simple as just walking away." "I'm sure Kingsley will contact you in due course for your contribution to the restitution fund and your paperwork and so on, but he assures me, I can accompany you home without any further ado." The witch extended her left hand, and they both grabbed hold whilst she whirled them around and the familiar but uncomfortable sensation of side-along apparition engulfed them. They found themselves standing in the main reception of Malfoy Manor. Narcissa recovered herself quickly and called a house elf to prepare some tea for them in the sitting room and led the way. The silence was deafening as they waited for the tea to be poured. After taking a sip of her cup, Minerva McGonagall set it down and waited until she had the attention of both Malfoys. "I can imagine today has been quite trying enough. As I said, Kingsley will send someone to speak with you in a day or two to discuss monetary matters, visiting rights and the likes. I'm just here as a familiar face to discuss next steps," she turned to Draco and narrowed her eyes slightly. "Especially for you, Mister Malfoy." Narcissa watched the older witch, willing to step in at a moment's notice to defend her son, but his hand on her arm stayed her ire. "Professor - Headmistress," he corrected. "I don't suppose there's any coming back from where I am right now. If there's anything I can do to help with the repairs of the school, although I can understand if you'd like any donations to remain anonymous." The older witch sipped her tea while she let the silence drag on after his question. Minerva McGonagall was a shrewd judge of character and she wanted to give time for the Malfoys to show any flicker. She had always admired the Slytherin, pureblood way of keeping everything close to one's chest - it wasn't what she would choose but it had to be admired nonetheless - but she saw none of that now, every emotion, albeit subtly, played out on their faces. Pride and a little anger, yes, shame and remorse too, but mostly they looked tired. "Mister Malfoy, that won't be necessary. The repairs for the school will be taken from the pool of funds collected from various sources, reparations being just one," she placed her teacup carefully back down. "No, I'm here to talk about whether or not you wish to return to Hogwarts to complete your education." Narcissa whimpered to his left. It was a thoroughly undignified sound and one he was sure she had never made in company before. He gave her clasped hands a brief squeeze before replying. "It would cause you a lot of trouble. I'm not sure you know what you're offering me." His voice was steady but quiet. He was just glad he'd managed to keep the wavering to a minimum. McGonagall drew herself up to sit even straighter in her chair, if it were possible. "Mister Malfoy, I assure you, I have thought long and hard about your case, but there's one factor that I simply cannot ignore; Albus had faith in you, and Severus did what was necessary to save you from a terrible fate. It would be remiss of me to disregard your future when they sacrificed so much for it." Draco felt as if he would combust under her gaze, the colour rising to his pale cheeks. "As to the trouble I will be in, I would be more concerned about your own trouble, Mister Malfoy. I have quite enough on my plate and I cannot be chasing you around the castle breaking up schoolyard fights and childish rivalries. I expect you to make efforts to show your classmates - and, indeed, the wizarding world in general - the mature young man I believe you can be." Her eyes narrowed again. "I am a very good judge of character, Mister Malfoy. I am putting my faith in you, I hope you realise that. I don't wish to be disappointed, so should you abuse that faith I shan't hesitate to expel you, and very publicly I should add!" Draco swallowed hard. This was more than he had hoped for, and it was certainly the sort of thing he and his mother had discussed at length whilst awaiting their trial. He needed to rebuild the Malfoy name. His mother had made it clear, she had thrown her lot in with his fa- Lucius, he reminded himself - but he was young and the burden of rehabilitation would fall heavily on his shoulders. He squeezed his mother's hand again, for courage. "Thank you, professor. That's more than I could have hoped for," he began, shakily. "I'll do my best. I-" Draco paused, he wasn't sure how much of himself he was willing to sacrifice on the altar of Gryffindor public opinion but his old Transfiguration professor was so shrewd he secretly suspected her hat stall had been about more than just Gryffindor and Ravenclaw so it seemed foolish to lie or disguise anything now. He sighed and ran his free hand through his hair. "Professor, I know now that I made the wrong decision. He said that to me, you know, Dumbledore. He said he knew a boy who made all the wrong choices, and I knew he was right and I made them anyway. But that doesn't mean I'm completely reformed. My pride is battered and bruised but intact. You can threaten me with expulsion, certainly, but can you honestly tell me I won't be hexed in the corridors? I'm not perfect, what happens if I snap back after one too many jinxes to the back?" The older witch's eyes glistened and he was reminded of the former headmaster so strongly, he had to fight to keep his eyes from dropping in shame. Perhaps the eye twinkle came with the job? "I trust my prefects to take care of that, I expect each and every one of you to set a good example for the younger years in the way you interact and treat one another." "I'm sorry, professor," Draco interjected, his eyebrows drawn together in a frown. "Did you say each and every one of us?" "Yes, Mister Malfoy. You are, are you not, one of my most senior prefects?" Draco's eyes widened fractionally, but it was enough of a tell for the headmistress to see. "You should know I was persuaded by one of your classmates. You could have some very powerful allies, Mister Malfoy, if only you would allow them to help you." She stood and straightened her robes, smoothing imperceptible creases from the tartan. Draco stood automatically, his manners not yet forgotten. "Narcissa, thank you for the tea but I must be going. I will remove all the enchantments on your house as I leave, your floo will be open so you can go about your business. I imagine you'll be wanting a new wand. I've already spoken with Garrick, he'll be expecting you in due course." With a final swish of robes she left the two Malfoys in stunned silence.
