Dr.'s Bert and Mary Granger of Lavenham, Suffolk, were more excited than they had ever been in their whole lives. After years of unsuccessful attempts, Bert and Mary were expecting a baby girl in September… and not even horrendous morning sickness could deter the happy parents-to-be from telling the whole small town about their impending bundle of joy. The Grangers really were perfect for each other. Bert was never one to share his personal history and, instead, found it safer to stick to the facts and figures. His bookish appearance only added to his social ineptness. His dark brown eyes, hidden behind thick glasses, always seemed to dart around during conversations and his slicked back dark brown hair only accentuated his somewhat large ears. Bert was relatively tall, but always hunched over under the weight of his school books. Mary, on the other hand, had honey colored eyes and a mess of light brown curls upon her head that always looked meticulous, even in the messy bun she always wore. She was a bit more outgoing, but her conversations always seemed to end up being about her most recent scientific experiment. When Bert met Mary in dental school, his idea of flirting involved quizzing her on the parts of a tooth (enamel, dentin, pulp, cementum, and the periodontal ligament) and the metabolization rate of novocaine. Luckily for Bert and his love life, Mary found his intellectual ramblings a turn on and soon the pair became inseparable. Trivia nights over a pint or two (or three) at their local pubs developed into a nightly occurrence. For the first month, they were at the top of every leader board in the county. However, the pair fell in the standings because they were too busy talking about anything but facts and figures. Abandoning all reason, the pair married after only 3 months of dating and opened up a dentistry practice in their small town of Lavenham soon after graduation. Bert and Mary developed a name for themselves in their community… and not necessarily for their dental work. It was common knowledge that patients of Granger Dental Associates were in for quite the history lesson while they were incapacitated in the Grangers' chair with their mouth open, unable to change the subject. Topics ranged from Wolsey's 'Amicable Grant' Resistance in the 1500's to John Lennon and Yoko Ono's experimental film, Apotheosis, filmed in the town square in the late 1960's and everything in between. Nonetheless, Bert and Mary were so passionate in their long winded history lessons, patients couldn't help but be entertained by the stories and tended to completely forget about the sharp objects scraping their teeth. Entertainment and history aside, however, patients couldn't help but heave a sigh of relief when the Grangers switched topics to the upcoming increase of their family. Mary first suspected she was finally pregnant during a particularly vivid dream full of owls flying throughout their house and the surrounding village. When she woke up, she swore she felt the fluttering of owls inside her stomach. The feeling was so overwhelming that she just "knew" she was pregnant. Bert, on the other hand, had done all the research and "overwhelming fluttering" was definitely not a symptom of pregnancy. A quick trip to her doctor, however, confirmed they had finally managed to get pregnant. In between patients, Bert would walk over to the library to "study up." Instead of shuffling along through the cobblestone streets, Bert couldn't help but whistle with a spring in his step. It wasn't long before all of the librarians knew of the "whistling papa" and his unending quest to know absolutely everything about his pregnant wife and future daughter. "What's on the syllabus today, Dr. Granger?" asked Mildred the head librarian. "Did you know that my daughter," he smiled so wide at the mere mention of the word that he paused momentarily, "is currently the size of a zucchini?" "Is that so?" "Yes! And is about 1.5 kilos!" "Such a wee one!" Mildred laughed. "Mary, though," Bert dropped his voice to a whisper, "has put on more than a stone! 1.42 stone to be exact! Which is actually-" "Albert Granger!," Mildred bristoled, "Don't you dare insult your wife's weight! Her body is carrying your-" "No, no, no!" Bert interrupted, "I didn't mean it like- I just meant- It's just fascinating that-" Bert's ears were burning red. "She's the perfect weight, actually, for how far along she is. That's all. She's perfect. That's what I wanted to say… b-b-but I only whispered her weight because there are people around and-" Mildred smiled and patted his arm, bringing his ramblings to a merciful end. "You and the other Dr. Granger settle on a name yet?" Bert beamed. "We were trying to come up with a nice, unusual name fitting of her, erm, unusual parents," he said in a rare moment of self realization, "but all we have been able to agree on is either Jean or Davis." The old librarian chuckled. "You lot aren't so much unusual but you're definitely quirky, that's for sure. You got your quirks, I'll say." "Right you are!" Bert laughed. "We just got that new book in for you… 'Carbo-something Something in Pregnant Women and Newborns,'" Mildred pulled out a freshly opened parcel from under the desk full of books. "Carbohydrate Metabolism in Pregnancy and the Newborn 1978 First Edition?" "Yeah, that's the one - let me find it." Mildred rooted around in the box before pulling out a large, heavy dark blue medical textbook. "I haven't had a chance to catalogue it yet but it's not like I won't know who has it," she said with a twinkle in her eye as she handed off the hefty book. "The Moore's down the lane are also expecting a child this fall," Bert said absentmindedly, thumbing through the thin paper. "The Moore's aren't going to want this book," Mildred said with a laugh. "Just bring it back when you're done." "Of course! Will you also ring me when the Advances in Child Development and Behaviour, Volume 8 is returned?" "I thought you already read that one," Mildred exclaimed. "Oh I have," Bert grinned, "Twice. But third time's the charm, right?" Mary dabbed her mouth and walked out of the loo. She was 36 weeks pregnant and still felt as though there were owls constantly fluttering in her stomach which didn't bode well for her ability to keep anything down. Her doctor assured her everything was progressing nicely despite her sickness and her husband confirmed after a few weeks of research. As miserable as she was, the excitement of having a baby trumped any discomfort. She plopped down on the sofa next to Bert who was, not surprisingly, reading another textbook. He hurriedly put his book down and pulled a small notebook and pencil out of his breast pocket. "How much do you think you, erm, expelled that time?" Bert asked, touching the tip of the pencil lead to his tongue before bringing it to meet the paper. "Haven't the foggiest," sighed Mary. "But I have to log it!" Bert protested. "I think it's time to stop logging my vomit volume, dear," Mary tried to smile. "We have to have a complete and comprehensive chart to show the doctor when we go next week." "No, we don't," she replied carefully. "Dr. Higgens has seen countless pregnant women with nauseousness. He knows what he is doing." "You don't want to plot it anymore? Are you feeling ok? That's not like you!" exclaimed Bert, sitting straight up. "Is it time? It can't be time. You're only 36 weeks 2 days and-" "No, no, there's nothing wrong," she said. "I'm just tired of the science of it." The horrified look on Bert's face made her giggle. "I just want to enjoy these last few weeks of being pregnant without constantly thinking about my vomit." "When have you ever been tired of science?!" "Since a parliament of owls took up residence in my uterus for the last 36 weeks and recently seem to have been fornicating like rabbits," Mary said, giggling again at Bert's face. "Come on, why don't we talk about some names while we tidy up the nursery?" "Ah, another 'nesting' episode," Bert said as he pulled out his notebook again but froze when he saw Mary's face. "Nevermind." "Push!" In the middle of a brilliantly sunny September day (even though owls usually fly at night) Mary felt as though the owls residing in her large stomach were fighting to escape into the bright, crisp air. Both she and Bert were taking a lunch break at Grangers' Dental Associates in between patients because Mary was stubborn and wanted to work as long as possible. Mary doubled over mid bite and let out a moan Bert had never heard the likes of before. He was so taken aback, he sloshed his tea all over his starched white dentist jacket. "Mary? Honey? Erm, what's wr-" "What kind of brilliant scientist can't even identify when his wife is going into laaaabbboooorrrrr?!" she screamed as another contraction hit her like a wave. In a fumbling and clumsy mess, very unlike the Grangers' usual way of doing things, Bert somehow managed to get Mary to the local hospital. She was whisked from the waiting room, leaving Bert standing there, not knowing what to do for the first time in his life. Eventually, he came to his senses and logically deduced, after much consideration, to ask the nurses station where, in fact, he had to go. Thankfully, they led him to the room where his wife was already changed into a gown and in bed. Things progressed quickly, especially given it was Mary's first child. Before the Grangers knew it, it was time to push. "Push!" the doctor tried to yell over the din of Mary's screams and the nervous humming of Bert. "Stop. Humming!" Mary yelled. "Erm, sorry!" said Bert, but he continued to hum without realizing it. "Stop bloody humming!" Bert blinked a few times in confusion and then ceased. He looked on in silent concern. 'Good. You're doing good, Mary," the doctor said. "Just a few more pushes should do it. You're doing a great job." "Watch out for the owls," Mary said through gritted teeth. "Their talons are out." "What's that?" asked the doctor. "Well, you see, when Mary first had an inkling she was pregnant, she felt-" "Shut it, Bert!" "Yes, dear," he said, casting his eyes down. Bert may have studied all there was to know about childbirth, but he had absolutely no idea how to act around his very pregnant and very irritable wife. "Just another few good pushes and you should be able to see your new baby's face," the doctor said. Bert's heart fluttered and he grabbed Mary's hand. She smiled back at him through her pain. The moment was perfect. It was exactly what he needed to do, no studying necessary. After a few more good pushes, Bert did, indeed, get a chance to see his new baby's face. He had never seen anything as beautiful, not even that perfect moment right after removing a child's braces. His heart soared. The most indescribable feeling washed over him. No textbook could ever explain the love he felt for the wisp of brown hair and the tiny button nose he saw before him. Everything else ceased to exist in that moment. Bert's overwhelming excitement was hastily interrupted by a sudden flurry of activity and a symphony of shouts. Before he knew what was going on, Bert was pushed out of the way by a rather round nurse in a white cap. "What's going on?" his shouts were lost in the rapid cacophony. Nurses and doctors were streaming into the room, creating a barrier of white between him and his wife and baby. Bert struggled to see on his tip toes but kept getting pushed off balance. He soon found himself on the very edge of the room with no chance of seeing what was going on. Snippets of words were floating above the sea of white: "Baby... cord... blue... hurry…" Bert had never felt more stupid or helpless in his life. There was always an answer. Always. If he didn't know an answer off the top of his head, Bert could always find it somewhere in a book if he looked hard enough. But there, in that hospital room, Bert knew absolutely nothing. It felt like an eternity as Bert sat outside in the hallway, staring at the eggshell colored cinder blocks across from him. There were exactly 144 blocks directly in front of him in between the two hospital room doors. The block 2 rows up and 3 columns over from the left had a smudge on it that looked exactly like an owl. It took every ounce of strength Bert had left to not get up and scuff it out with his rubber soles (after kicking it a few times, that is). Bert didn't even notice the heavyset doctor standing to his left until he felt a hand on his arm. "She's almost ready to go," the doctor said. "How are you holding up?" Bert couldn't muster a reply. Instead, he put on the most British "stiff upper lip" he could muster and nodded quickly. The doctor's hand fell off his arm as he stood and took the 5 strides into the hospital room to the left, vowing not to kick the owl. As he opened the door, his dark brown eyes landed on his beautiful, smart, incredibly sad wife sitting on the bed and staring out the window. Her arms were painfully empty. "Let's go home," Bert whispered. Nearly a year later on a blustery Tuesday morning in early February, Mary was leaning over Mr. Gus Quips, a rather handsome older man with a dusting of grey in his temples, when she was struck with a peculiar feeling. "And then, during the Lavenham Smallpox epidemic of 1712- Owls!" she exclaimed, accidentally jabbing Mr. Quips on the cheek with her dental hook. "Ow!" yelled Mr. Quips. "Yes! That's right! Owls!" Before Mr. Quips could mumble another word, Mary flew out of the exam room and down the hall where her husband was writing in the chart of his last patient. "Bert! Owls!" "What?" "I feel owls again!" "What?! Are you sure?" he said, dropping his pen into his coffee cup. "Positive." Silence surrounded them. The weight of the revelation was two fold: there was excitement but there was an overwhelming sense of fear. "Should we go to the doctor then?" Bert asked quietly. "I think so." "Erm, excuse me," said Mr. Quips, standing in the doorway, still rubbing his tongue against the inside of his cheek. "I have to get back to work. Can we finish up?" "Oh, I'm so sorry, Mr. Quips," said Mary, snapping out of her daze and back into "dentist" mode. "Of course. I'll be back in a moment to finish up your filling." Mr. Quips disappeared back down the hall and Mary stood up, straightening her jacket. "Shouldn't we, erm, talk about this?" Bert asked. "We can talk about it after we're done with patients." "The patients can wait." "No. They can't," Mary said, walking out the door. Bert took a deep, shaky breath. His heart was pounding faster than a hummingbird. For the second time in his life, he didn't know what to do. Losing their baby in childbirth was absolutely devastating. Both he and Mary were severely depressed for months and had only just started to get back to some sense of normalcy. Laughter, while still sporadic, was finally finding its way back into the Granger cottage. The turning point in their grief was a frank discussion 4 months ago. Through tears, both admitted they never wanted to try for another baby. The loss of the child and the previous miscarriages had taken their toll. Mary and Bert agreed that they'd give it a few more years and just adopt a child. Only when they talked about, analyzed, and came to that conclusion were they able to start living again. The owls obviously changed everything. Bert's stomach rose to his throat. His head fell into his hands. What Mary didn't know was all of the research he had done after all of their failed attempts at pregnancy. The calculations didn't lie - there was a very high probability she would lose this child and he knew, with certainty, they wouldn't be able to survive it. With every passing month of her pregnancy, Mary and Bert became more and more detached from whatever was growing in Mary's stomach. While Bert's quirky calculations were a staple of the last pregnancy, both found comfort in being completely scientific about the whole situation. Every morning, after meticulously brushing their teeth, Bert and Mary would step out into their bedroom for their new morning ritual. Surrounded by massive pieces of paper filled with grey-toned graphs and charts, Bert would bring out the measuring tape, place it at the top of the uterus, and stretch it along the top of her stomach. "Fundal height: 35 centimeters," he said, reading the tape. Mary would plot it on the graph. Mary would then get on the scale. "Weight: 70.3kg." Again, the number was plotted. The only "non-scientific" number they'd measure was the owls. "How many owls are flying around this morning?" Bert would ask. "At least 15," Mary said, and the number would be plotted. They never discussed the implications of the measurements or made any hypothesis; the numbers were the numbers were the numbers and that was it, thank you very much. The nursery hadn't been touched. After they lost the baby, Bert and Mary quickly converted the nursery back into a storage area. Being the practical people they were, they converted the changing table into a catch-all for charts and the crib into a storage area for dental casts. The pale purple walls that were once bright and cheery seemed dingy and were covered with a very fine dust from the plaster casts. The brilliant white lace curtains were replaced with sensible blinds to hide the room from the sun. Neither Bert nor Mary found themselves in the room all that often. The patients at Grangers' Dental Associates tried to strike up conversations about the upcoming birth, but conversation was quickly brought back to the history of their town or a scientific rant. Bert would only mumble pleasantries to Mildred the librarian when he checked out the new editions of various dental textbooks and journals. If it weren't for Mary's ever growing baby bump, no one would have any idea they were expecting. By the time Mary was 38 weeks along, the terror she and Bert felt was bubbling to the surface and making them both quick to anger. During one of their morning measurement sessions, Bert fumbled the measuring tape. "Fundal hei-" he stuttered as the tape fell to the floor. "Bert, what on earth do you think you're doing," chided Mary. "Sorry, love," Bert muttered. He quickly retrieved the tape from the floor. "Fundal height: 39 centimeters." Mary plotted the measurement and took a step to the right towards the scale. "Oh!" she exclaimed, plopping down on the bed holding her stomach. "Mary?" Bert asked tentatively. "The owls," Mary said with a glint of fear in her eyes. "We have to go to hospital." 22 hours later, a beautiful baby girl with bright, brown eyes and thick brown hair entered the world in a flurry of activity. The doctor, a seasoned practitioner, had never had another birth quite like it and was still shaking his head in disbelief an hour after he had left the room. As soon as the baby was born, Dr. Hawthorne, who distinctly remembered the tragedy that had befallen the Grangers a little more than a year before, had a dreadful moment of déjà vu. The baby's head emerged with the umbilical cord wrapped tightly around her little neck and was turning very blue very quickly. Then, all of a sudden like magic, the tight cord seemed to unravel like a snake before his very eyes. He nearly dropped the newborn he was so surprised. He quickly passed the baby off to a waiting nurse and stepped out of the room to clear his head. Maybe he was a bit too old to pull a 24 hour shift. Bert and Mary went through all of the motions expected of new parents. They took turns holding her and obsessively counting her fingers and toes. They chuckled at her full head of hair; Bert even swept it up into a faux mohawk at one point. Nevertheless, the nurses in the safety of the nurses station all remarked at how distant the pair seemed to be. It was no matter - sometimes it took a bit for the shock of it all to wear off. Before they knew it, it was time for Bert and Mary to name their beautiful new baby. Mary took a deep breath and stared into her new daughter's eyes. Her heart still ached for their lost daughter but she wanted, desperately, to be able to love her just as much. "Jean," she whispered with a tear. Bert stiffened at the first mention of the name in over a year. Surely she wasn't going to name their new baby after the one they lost. Mary looked over at the nurse. "Hermione Jean Granger. That's her name. A nice, unusual, smart first name, isn't it?" "Very unusual indeed," murmured the nurse as she wrote the name on the chart and left the room to tend to the other six children born the 19th day of September, 1979.
Chapter Two: The Flickering Lights Just over eleven years had passed since the Grangers welcomed baby Hermione to their family. For the first few years of Hermione's life, both her parents were utterly terrified something bad would happen. To their relief, the only remotely bad thing that happened was that one regrettable time Hermione decided to play dentist on her teddy bear and cried bloody murder when the plaster wouldn't come off its fur. Hermione was certainly a Granger. There was no denying it. As soon as she learned to talk (at an age MUCH younger than her peers, thank you very much), Hermione always had something to say. The people of Lavenham, Suffolk could hear her coming long before they saw her. Bert and Mary couldn't get to the library fast enough to keep up with Hermione's reading habits. She devoured books at a rate most adults couldn't even comprehend. For her fifth birthday, Mildred the librarian gave Hermione her very own library card which, frankly, out shined the multitude of presents her parents got her that year, including the very realistic junior dentist kit. At six years old, Hermione became the youngest ever library assistant and took her weekend shifts very seriously. The townspeople laughed that the only time Hermione wasn't talking was when she was working in the library… unless she was chastising them for talking themselves. Hermione always, even from a very young age, seemed to feel different from everyone. She felt as though there was something missing and tried desperately, in her own little way, to fill the void with books and knowledge. Her parents were lovely but always seemed distant, only adding to her "different-ness." Watching her schoolmates and the other children of Lavenham from the top of her book, she noticed how different their parents seemed to treat them. Whereas they earned their parents' affection from immature and mundane feats of strength or silliness, Bert and Mary Granger only seemed interested in Hermione's newest fact of the day or the spelling of a particularly difficult word. She soon replaced her need to feel loved with a need to learn anything and everything. It seemed to fill a small part of that void. Any emotion that would pop up that Hermione didn't understand or couldn't control could be suppressed with a new fact or hypothesis to prove. Facts and hypotheses were much easier to deal with than emotions. Hermione also had a very strict understanding for all rules and laws. To her, rules were there for a reason and even if you didn't know the reason, it was quite important. Maintaining the status quo and following the rules were very important for a civilized society. Without rules, there'd be chaos and Hermione hated chaos. Everything should have a place and a reason. It wasn't that Bert and Mary didn't love their daughter with all of their heart - they certainly did and would share a smile at every milestone Hermione would overcome, whether it be academic or not. Unfortunately, the nurses' theory that they were still "in shock" and, therefore, not completely bonding with their new daughter wasn't exactly true. "Jean" was a silent but ever present barrier between Hermione and Granger, not only in name but also in practice as well. Mary hated herself for it, but couldn't help but compare Hermione to the essence of what Jean could have been. Maybe that's what fed Hermione's subconscious feeling of never being smart enough or happy enough or good enough… and perhaps, the lack of expression of feelings in the Granger cottage made empathy and emotions the only subjects Hermione couldn't master. Not much had changed about Hermione's appearance in the eleven years since she had been born. Her hair was as fluffy as ever and her dark brown eyes shone in the darkness. She had very large teeth, much to her dismay. Unfortunately, the junior dentist kit didn't have the proper tools for Hermione to fix them and her parents flat out refused. A lot of her schoolmates in primary school made fun of her, which was, obviously, against the rules. She told herself that was why she got so upset at their mockery - they were breaking the bullying rules in school. Hermione couldn't let herself think their words may just have hurt her feelings instead because then she'd have to admit to having feelings and caring what other people thought. The Grangers had set aside an old exam room as Hermione's "work office" when she wasn't at the library, but there were, unfortunately, no windows. Nonetheless, it always seemed abnormally bright in that room when Hermione was there. Hermione had her office set up quite practically. Opposite the door was her "desk" with two chairs for any patients who needed a "consultation." The desk was comprised of an old instrument table as low as it could go. On the left were old shelves filled with her current favorite books: on the top shelf, accessible by a step ladder stowed away between the shelf and the wall, were all of the dentistry books her parents owned (though there were times Hermione didn't need to set up the ladder - the book she wanted always seemed to tip and fall into her hands). Hermione was sure to refresh her dentistry knowledge on the off chance her parents had to come in to look something up - Hermione could beat them to it by answering their question. She loved to be helpful and relished in the look of approval her parents would give her when she answered their question. Below the dentistry books were various history and math books. Hermione would, quite frequently, pull down various historical texts and construct a narrative in her head about the events consisting of kings, queens, wizards, witches, and various creatures. Though she was quite brilliant, Hermione definitely had a very active imagination. She had to have one, she thought, because sometimes the stories in the history books didn't really add up. When she regaled her stories to her parents and the townspeople, she stuck to the facts. In her "work office," however, she imagined the gaps being filled in with mysterious circumstances like dragons or magic wands. She would have been embarrassed for her parents to hear her stories, but they always filled her with so much joy. Plus, their additions made the stories make more sense. The bottom 3 shelves were a carousel of her favorite books which changed from moment to moment. One of Hermione's favorite activities growing up was selecting a book to read aloud to all of her stuffed animal patients in her office. If she was particularly bored, she'd try to make the pages flip on their own. When they did, which was not all the time, Hermione would smugly smile at her "patients" and nod her head. "See? My brain really is quite powerful," she said and then got back to the lesson. The other three walls not occupied by the large shelves were painted a dull, dreary pinkish color that made Hermione cringe. It reminded her of the color of dehydrated and anesthetized gums, and made her slightly shudder every time she entered the room. To combat the dreadful color, Hermione hung up all of the worksheets and illustrations she made for her class of stuffed animals so they could follow along with her lessons without being offended by the color. One particularly horrible day, Hermione walked into her work office and threw her nap sack into the corner of the room, knocking some of her students over. "Primary school is the worst. The absolute worst!" she exclaimed, near tears, to no one in particular. "Those children think I am an absolute freak until it's time for an exam and then they want to be my best friend! And now…" she paused, holding back tears, "And now I won't receive any credit for my grammar exam because the professor thinks I was letting them cheat off of my test!" Hermione broke down in heaving sobs as the full weight of the situation fell upon her. Having never received less than full marks in her whole academic career, Hermione would not only have this horrendous grade on her record until she died but she also knew zero marks had to be signed off on by a parent or guardian. Her sobs intensified so much so that she didn't notice the lights slightly dimming and the papers on the walls ruffling in a wind that wasn't really there. How could she possibly tell her parents she was not going to get her usual perfect marks? Hermione couldn't even begin to imagine their disappointment in her. Her anxiety wouldn't stop. She had absolutely no idea how to control the tears streaming down her face or the sobs shaking her shoulders. Hermione tried everything she could think of to stop, but everything she could think of wasn't much. No amount of facts or figures were going to help keep this at bay. Her hands started to clam up and her chest felt as though a thousand elephants were sitting on it. Her breaths got more and more shallow. Mary had just finished up on a patient when she noticed the lights dimming in the hall outside of her exam rooms. Taking it as a sign that it was time to head home for the day, she went to retrieve her daughter from the extra exam room down the hall. As she walked down the hall, five charts in hand, she was too preoccupied to hear the hiccupping sobs radiating from her daughter's exam room. She opened the door with a gasp - there was her eleven year old daughter, sitting on the floor with her legs crossed underneath her, rocking back and forth as if having an adult-sized panic attack. The charts nearly tumbled out of her arms. It was very rare for her daughter to show any emotion other than an intense eagerness to learn. Mary was at a complete loss as to what to do. "Hermione," she said tentatively. Hermione gasped and looked up, her big brown eyes red and swollen. The terror of letting her mother see her fail (both academically and in a ridiculous show of emotion) pulsed through her body. This was not how she was expected to act. The shame crushed what little was left of her resolve. "Mum!" she gasped. "I'm so sorry *hiccup* I didn't mean to keep you *hiccup* let me gather my things and I will-" "Hermione, calm down! What happened? Why are you crying like this?" Mary asked, looking like a deer caught in headlights. Her tone was a mixture of confusion and fear, though Hermione only heard anger. "Oh, erm, I just-" Hermione started but couldn't form the words. One of the only coping methods Hermione had developed when she felt herself having a panic attack was to just combat it with a stream of random facts that may or may not be even connected to what was upsetting her, but that wasn't working. Deep down she knew this wasn't a way to actually solve the problem (and was angry with herself for not being able to figure it out) but it was the only way she could make it stop sometimes. "Word vomit" she'd call it with loathing. Instead of "word vomit" however, she just grabbed her napsack and rushed out of the room past Mary, who hadn't moved. Hermione couldn't bear to let her mother down like that. She turned and watched her daughter run down the hall. Her heart broke. She realized, for the first time, that she had absolutely no idea how to fix the situation. Mary didn't really know enough about her daughter to guess what was happening and the thought terrified her - how could she not be an expert on her own daughter? A flip seemed to switch inside her. For the first time in 10 years, Mary didn't have a lingering thought of Jean; she could only think of her daughter, Hermione. Mary tossed the charts aside and followed her daughter down the hall. Hermione was waiting near the front door of the office facing the wall. Her napsack was the only giveaway she was still crying - it was jiggling up and down with her sobs. She stared at the wall, trying desperately to think of something that would calm her down but nothing came. Hermione tried to count the bumps on the wall but kept losing track of the numbers. She could feel the panic building up all over again. Was this it? Was she going to die? All sense of reason and apprehension left Mary as she silently stood behind her daughter. Without thinking, she wrapped her arms around Hermione and held her tightly. "Hey," she whispered. "Hey, love, it's going to be ok. Whatever it is, it's going to be ok." The words naturally came out of Mary's mouth without any thought. It was as if instinct took over. Hermione was too shocked to argue that it was not, in fact, ok; a first for her as well. Hermione had no idea what to do, both because of the panic attack and this weird behaviour from her mother. There was nothing to do but shrink into her mother's arms. She physically couldn't do anything else. Hermione tried desperately not to let her mind continue to snowball but, thankfully, every time it did, her mother's grasp seemed to get tighter. The two sat there until Hermione eventually calmed down enough to tell her about her bad marks. She mixed in a rambling of random facts about completely unrelated things in between the emotional story. It was always much easier to talk about facts than feelings. Rationally, Hermione knew it was a coping mechanism that, perhaps, wasn't the best but, at least, it helped her to get the story out. "Don't you worry another minute about it," Mary said, "I will go and have a little chat with your teacher and get this all straightened out, darling." Hermione had never been called "darling" before. She just stared at her mother, wondering, quite frankly, where all of this was coming from. It was almost magical. For the first time in her life, Hermione felt accepted for something other than her smarts. Mary took Hermione to the local ice cream parlor down the street from the office. They both giggled like schoolgirls as they tried to balance the 4 scoops of ice cream on each of their cones. Prancing home, Mary and Hermione waved at all of the other townspeople enjoying the warm weather. Most had to do a double take to make sure they were seeing it correctly. There was a voice in Hermione's head telling her this was all temporary, but a warm feeling that grew throughout the day kept it a whisper. Bert, having left work early for a doctor's appointment of his own, was waiting in the Granger cottage for his wife and daughter to get home. He kept glancing at his watch, watching the minutes and, eventually, hours tick by. He had made a very sensible dinner - shepherd's pie - and was very worried it would be completely dried out by the time the two got home. He was just about to find a cookbook to see if there were any remedies he could manage in the meantime when the door burst open. "We've decided we should go camping this weekend," Mary said with a giggle. "Hermione has never been. What do you think of the Forest of Dean, dear?" "Yeah, dad! What about it?" Hermione asked with a huge smile.
Chapter Three: The Levitating Tent Perhaps the Grangers should have consulted a few books on camping before traveling the nearly four hours to the Forest of Dean in Gloucestershire. "Camping isn't that hard," exclaimed Bert as he loaded up the station wagon with all of their supplies. "The hardest part will be putting up the tent." It wasn't very often Bert Granger was wrong… but when he was wrong, he was very, very wrong. First of all, the Grangers nearly didn't even make it to their camp site. Heavy rains had made the dirt roads a river of mud and the 10 year old station wagon wasn't going anywhere. Like a scene out of a movie, Bert and Hermione got out of the car and started to push as Mary revved the engine. Almost like magic, Bert ended up covered in mud while Hermione only had a few specs here and there. Finally, they arrived at their campsite and started the arduous task of emptying the car and tackling the tent. Hermione immediately pulled out the instruction sheet to study its various diagrams and instructions with Mary looking over her shoulder. In an uncharacteristic move, Bert decided to attack the tent without looking at the directions. In a flurry of poles and stakes, Bert somehow wrapped himself in the dull green fabric of the tent and fell flat on his face in a mud puddle. Hermione and Mary's laughs rang through the valley, and Bert had to admit it was the best sound he had heard his entire life. His heart seemed to grow in his chest, which would have been a great thing had it not set him off balance again and back, face down, in the mud. Eventually, the tent was erected, albeit slightly leaning to the left with three poles still on the ground. Mary and Hermione took to setting up the sleeping mats and sleeping bags in the tent while Bert tended to his mud-ridden clothing in the nearby creek. Unfortunately, none of them noticed the various woodland creatures scurrying amongst their bags of food until a rather chubby squirrel (clearly an expert at foraging for food from oblivious campers) scurried over Hermione's feet as she knelt in the tent entrance. With a gasp of surprise, Hermione whirled around on her knees and grabbed the first thing she could get her hands on - a tent pole. She pointed it at the squirrel, who had frozen at the commotion. Both Hermione and the squirrel stared each other down, unmoving except for their rapidly beating hearts, until the squirrel noticed it had dropped a piece of food a few inches away. As squirrels are not known for their attention span, it made a move toward the crumb. Hermione didn't really want to hit the furry animal with the stick; she only wanted to scare it away… but as it came back towards her (she hadn't noticed the bit of food still near her foot), Hermione started waving the pole about wildly. "Get away!" she screamed. "Get away from me!" As if by magic, the squirrel levitated slightly above the ground, comically trying to swim back towards the crumb. Startled at the sight, Hermione dropped the tent pole and screamed. As it clattered to the ground, the squirrel immediately followed the rules of gravity again and fell with a splat back at Hermione's feet. It heaved forward, grabbed the crumb, and scampered as quickly as it could back into the cover of the trees. "What happened?" Mary gasped as she fought her way out of the tent. The whole fiasco took only seconds, but Hermione felt as though everything had been in slow motion. "That squirrel," she started, trying to make sense of the levitating squirrel that had just been at her feet moments before. "It… it…" Even Hermione knew the truth of what had happened couldn't have actually happened. Surely it was just a trick of the light. Sure, she was able to make the pages in her book turn but even she knew that was probably just the wind. She had to have been mistaken. "It crawled over my legs and startled me, that's all," she finished, resigning herself to the fact she did not, in fact, see what she thought she had seen. "Oh no! Look at the food bag!" Mary exclaimed and they both rushed over to see what food they could salvage from the rummaged-through bags. Neither of them seemed to notice the very stern looking tabby cat watching from the tree line. It sat as still as possible, staring at Hermione as she helped her mother clean up the food from the ground. That night, after a warm and delightful campfire complete with stories and laughter, the Grangers shuffled off to the lopsided tent and called it a night. Before zipping it up, Bert made the wise decision to cover the tent with a plastic tarp - they had heard distant rumbles of thunder as the evening went on, and he didn't want to chance the tent getting damp. With the storm that was brewing directly to their west, however, there was no chance the tent would just get damp… it was going to get soaked through. As the torrential rain clouds made their way to the Forest of Dean and filled the creek beds past their capacities, the Grangers were absolutely oblivious to the dangers they were sleeping through. As the water continued to rise, threatening to wash away their campsite, a very peculiar thing started to happen. Slowly, the tent stakes eased themselves out of the ground. Just as the water crested and started to breach the campsite, the tent carefully rose in the air out of the way. It hovered in mid-air. Science and reason would say it was being blown by the gail force winds, though the tent, strangely, wasn't moving horizontally at all. All it did was hover over the raging water with its occupants blissfully unaware of the danger a few meters below them. There seemed to be an invisible waterproof bubble repelling the rain. The tabby cat looked on from the branches of a high tree, with a smug look on her face if that is at all possible. The Grangers awoke to the sound of birds singing and the soft light of the sun streaming through the canvas tent. As Bert unzipped the tent, he was startled at the scene laid out before him: the campsite was completely unrecognizable. Debris was scattered everywhere and the ground around the tent was saturated with water. "Must have had a hell of a storm last night," he exclaimed. "Glad I put these stakes in so tightly," he said as he checked the tent stakes out of curiosity. They gave absolutely no resistance as he pulled them out of the mud. Bert frowned in confusion, but his analysis of the tent stakes was interrupted by the rest of his family emerging from the tent. "Strange," Mary said. "We all must have slept through it!" "Very strange indeed," said Bert. "Well, I for one do not want to be a walking mud man again. How about we clean up and head back home? We can stop in Birmingham on our way back and stay overnight so you can check out the science museum you've wanted to go to, Hermione, ok?" As they packed up their supplies, the tabby cat watched Hermione intently. The cat's emerald green eyes followed her every move. Just as the lovely little family was about to get into the station wagon, the cat realized they had forgotten a pair of tongs near the campfire. With a quick - but powerful - leap, the cat landed just behind the tongs and let out a long, loud meow. Hermione glanced back at the sound and noticed both the cat and the tongs. "Wait mum," she said. "Look at the cute little kitty cat! And she has our tongs!" Hermione walked slowly over as to not scare the cat, though she needn't have worried - the cat was completely unintimidated by her presence. "Thank you, kitty," Hermione said, stooping down to pet the cat gingerly on its head. The cat purred in reply and Hermione stood back up, tongs in hand. "Mum, can we keep her? She's so sweet." Before Mary could say no, the cat leapt into the safety of the trees and out of sight.
Chapter Four: The Special Messenger After their impromptu mini-holiday to the Forest of Dean, the Grangers did their best to NOT get back to business as usual, though it was rather difficult not to fall into the same old routines. They tried their best, though. Bert and Mary were almost as bad as Hermione was with showing emotion, but Bert had reserved quite a few books from the library to read up on it. The first order of business for Mary upon their return was to go straight to Lavenham Primary School to speak with Miss Davies about Hermione's grammar exam grade. After a very heated conversation, it was determined Hermione would receive full marks and new anti-cheating measures would be put in place. Primary school dragged on for Hermione. She was far ahead of her classmates and her desire to learn was not being met in the classroom. She was dreadfully bored and, frankly, tired of her classmates' disregard for the rules. They clearly didn't care about their education because they just kept being clowns in class. Bert and Mary took it upon themselves to supplement Hermione's thirst for knowledge in the evenings. Fortunately, or unfortunately depending on how you look at it, the Grangers ran out of age appropriate things to teach Hermione within the first month. Soon, they had moved on to upper level curriculum and even threw in some university level topics to spice things up. Hermione would finish her primary school work within twenty minutes of being home and then they'd move on to the more fascinating topics. This continued for the whole of the school year. Hermione loved every minute of it. Educational things were something she definitely could understand. She almost preferred bonding over academics with her parents rather than any emotional things. While her parents were much more "parental" these days, sometimes their emotions made Hermione uneasy. They were behaving so out of character… and Hermione couldn't predict them from one day to the next. Hermione hated not knowing what was going to come next. The beginning of summer brought a new onset of primary school students in desperate need of braces over the summer holiday, which meant more time spent at the office. Nonetheless, both Bert and Mary made it a point to keep up-to-date with how their daughter was doing and involve her whenever possible. Hermione was determined to continue her studies into the summer months, vowing never to have anything less than perfect marks the rest of her school career. While her parents did not seem upset with her end of year grades, Hermione didn't want to do anything to strain this new relationship of sorts with Bert and Mary. She certainly enjoyed their newfound interest in her life but knew there was still something missing. She also needed some more time with them to learn their new emotional habits. The beautiful tabby cat miraculously seemed to follow the Grangers home from the Forest of Dean. When she'd venture out in the morning, Hermione would catch a glimpse of the cat every now and then. As soon as she would go to approach it, however, it would disappear into the brush or behind a house without a trace. The Grangers made it a point to have family supper each night promptly at 7:30pm to discuss their day. Bert and Hermione would prepare a modest dinner and chat about what new fact Hermione had learned herself that day. At the dinner table, both Bert and Mary would talk through their patients and Hermione would guess diagnoses and treatment plans (since Hermione pretty much knew everything there was to know). Nine times out of ten, Hermione correctly guessed exactly what her parents had done. Sometimes, however, Hermione would actually correct her parents diagnosis and treatment. One beautiful summer evening in late July, the Grangers were discussing a fascinating case over a delicious meal of Balti Curry. One of their colleagues was working on a few hours away in Surrey, involving an 10 year old severly obese boy with over 15 cavities and advanced gum disease. "And then he bit George's finger... and the tooth just fell right out!" Mary exclaimed. "It was as if he thought his finger was a sweet!" Their laughter was interrupted by a knock on the door. "Were you expecting anyone, dear?" Bert asked Mary. "No, I don't think so," she responded. "I'll get it!" Hermione quipped, jumping up from the table and rushing over to the front door. She had requested an obscure edition of a book from the library and it would be just like Mildred the librarian to deliver it personally after her shift. Hermione threw open the door and nearly slammed it back shut in her surprise. Before her was a severe-looking older woman with slick black hair partly covered by a black witch's hat. Her stern face seemed to oddly compliment her emerald green robe - only it was not a dressing gown as one may expect. The robe appeared to be an elaborate, yet peculiar dress. "Ah, you must be Hermione Jean Granger," the woman said. Hermione managed to nod. "Splendid. May I come in?" Hermione nodded again. The woman had an air of authority about her that was almost magical. Hermione seemed to be under her spell. The woman and Hermione stepped into the entryway just as Bert and Mary walked in. "Hello, can we help you?" Mary asked tentatively. She, like her daughter, was enchanted by the woman's eccentric appearance. "Would you mind if we took a seat in your parlour? I have something rather important to discuss with you," she answered, and took it upon herself to take a step towards the Granger's sitting room to the right. Bert was the first to snap from the trance of the mysterious woman. "Excuse me, ma'am, but I think you need to explain yourself a bit more before we, er, invite you into our home," he said sternly, though with a slight hint of apprehension. "Yes, of course," the woman nodded. "Forgive me. My name is Professor Minerva McGonagall and I am the deputy headmistress a very special, very exclusive school and I am here to offer a spot to Hermione." An exclusive school? Hermione's eyes got wider. "What kind of exclusive school?!" she exclaimed. "Well," the woman started, "that's a slightly complicated story to be best told sitting down. Shall we?" Bert started to weigh the pros of cons of letting a strange woman into his cottage, but the next thing he knew, Hermione was already leading the woman into their parlour. "Right then." He and Mary followed the pair out of the entryway. The peculiar woman took a seat on the settee. Hermione plopped herself directly next to the visitor and stared at her. The odd, stern professor took her time inspecting the family and her surroundings before she started. Bert and Mary stayed still in the doorway, suspiciously intrigued at what the stern woman would have to say. "Perhaps it is best if you two took a seat as well," she said, indicating a small couch to her right. Whatever spell between her and Bert and Mary were broken. "Perhaps," Bert said with a sudden confidence, "you can stop telling us what to do in our own home and get on with it." "As you wish," Professor McGonagall said with a sigh. "As I said, my name is Professor McGonagall and I am the deputy headmistress of a very special school. I am here today as a special messenger from the school to formally invite Miss Granger to attend." "Right, we got that part," Bert inserted. "But you are going to need to tell us a bit more than that." "I was getting to that, Dr. Granger," Professor McGonagall said curtly. "Are you sure you and your wife wouldn't want to sit down?" "Quite," Bert bristled. "As you wish," she said again with another slightly irritated sigh. "I am here to invite Miss Granger to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry for the fall term." There was a moment of silence as the Grangers tried to process Professor McGonagall's words. "Hogwarts School of what now?" Mary asked. "Witchcraft and Wizardry. Dr. Granger, your daughter, Hermione, is a witch." There was a stunned silence yet again. "A what?" Hermione squeaked. "A witch," Professor McGonagall repeated simply. "Now, I know such practical people as yourself may find this information slightly difficult to take at first but, I assure you, it is quite true." She paused, allowing the Grangers a moment for her words to sink in. "Miss Granger, have you ever, perhaps, made something happen seemingly by magic?" Hermione's mind immediately jumped to the incident with the levitating squirrel. Now that this strange woman had mentioned it, there were many instances where peculiar things happened that Hermione couldn't explain away with a practical explanation. The books, the pages, the lights… "Yes," she whispered, her mind still whirling. "And I know you are quite bright - had there been a rational explanation, you would have certainly found it." It was like the professor was reading her thoughts. "Yes." "This is because you are, indeed, a witch," Professor McGonagall said with certainty. "There are hundreds of thousands of witches and wizards all over the world and have been since the beginning of time. The Wizarding World is kept separate through the use of charms, spells, and secrecy. Wizards are forbidden to reveal anything about magic to non-magical society due to the International Statute of Wizarding Secrecy. Sometimes, however, a magical person is born to two non-magical parents and we have to break the International Statute of Secrecy for obvious reasons." She paused, carefully reading the Grangers' faces before continuing. "When children with magical abilities are born, they are automatically enrolled at Hogwarts and begin when they are 11. Magic is honed through study, training and formal schooling... but cannot be simply learnt by Muggles. 'Muggle' is what we refer to non-magic people, by the way." Professor McGonagall paused again. She could tell all three Grangers were carefully but quickly analyzing every single word she said. They were all quick to understand, making her job of explaining much easier than with most muggle families. "That's why I am here. I am one of the Special Messengers of Hogwarts. It's my job to come and explain everything to muggle families before formally offering their magical child a spot at Hogwarts." There was a long pause. "So," Mary said hesitantly, "You want us to believe that magic is, indeed, real, there are hundreds of witches and wizards running around Britain, and our daughter is one of them?" "More like hundreds of thousands, but yes, precisely." "Rubbish," Bert blurted out. "You're raving mad." "I assure you, sir, I am not," Professor McGonagall said calmly yet sternly. "Please keep your eye on that beautiful vase on the side table if you please." She pulled a long, dark stick out of her robe and swished and flicked it in the air. Suddenly, the vase rose into the air. The Grangers gasped. The vase floated back down to the table as if it had never moved. Bert immediately went over to the vase, waving his hands wildly around it, looking for strings. "You will find no strings, Mr. Granger." "B-b-but how did you do that?" he sputtered. He picked it up and inspected it some more. "Magic. I can do some more if you'd like to have some more proof." Bert nodded with wide eyes. Professor McGonagall waved her wand once more. "Evanesco," she said and the vase Bert had been holding vanished into thin air. Bert let out a girlish little scream. "That was brilliant!" Hermione exclaimed, oblivious to the fact that both her parents were nearly hyperventilating with fear. "But, wait, I've been eleven for nearly 9 months! Why are you only coming now!? Why didn't you come in September?" "You are quite astute, young lady," Professor McGonagall said with a twinkle in her stern eye. "You see, had we come in September, you would have had to go through all of your last year of primary school studies knowing what awaited you in the fall term which, I'm sure, would have been simply torture." "Yes, but I could have prepared all year!" Hermione said, a hint of anxiety slowly creeping up on her. As it was, she'd only have a few months to learn all there was to know about this new world. "I am quite confident someone as bright as you will be fully prepared for the fall term." "Erm, we, uh, have some questions," Bert was finally able to form words. "Naturally," Professor McGonagall said simply. "Learning there is a whole Wizarding World living all around you is a lot to take in. But, I ask you to hold your questions a bit longer. I have explained this to many Muggle families, more than I can count, and I have developed a sort of system to explain things as precisely and succinctly as possible to limit the questions. And, seeing as you are all quite intelligent, I believe this will go much more quickly than most." With a nod of her head and a swish of her wand, the vase reappeared on the table and a large black board materialized on the long wall of the room. "Let's begin." Three hours later, Bert and Mary were sitting on the couch, clearly exhausted from their extensive history lesson. Hermione was practically jumping off the walls with excitement - the three hour lesson seemed like mere minutes. And, for once in her life, she didn't have that constant bubble of anxiety in the pit of her stomach. It's not even that she just didn't notice it - she acutely noticed its absence. Hermione couldn't help but think that all of her struggles were because she wasn't meant for this world. She was meant to be in the Wizarding World. She referenced the notes she had taken - nearly a whole notebook was filled - and looked up at Professor McGonagall. "So when do I get to go to… Diagon Alley, is it? When do I get to go to Diagon Alley to get my wand and books?" "If it is alright with your parents, we can all go tomorrow being it is a Saturday and they won't have work," Professor McGonagall answered. "But there are also many other things you will have to buy in Diagon Alley. Here is your official acceptance letter to Hogwarts and your supply list." In a blur of emerald green, the professor pulled a thick, square envelope out from an inside pocket of her robes and presented it to Hermione. Hermione's hands trembled as she gingerly took the envelope out of her future professor's hands. She was more excited than when she got her own library card but was careful to take everything in before ripping it open. The pieces of paper in that envelope would change her life. She knew that as fact. The thick envelope was made of a heavy parchment with a blood red wax seal on the back. On the front of the envelope, Hermione read the words gracefully scripted in a deep, emerald green ink: Miss Hermione Jean Granger Back Bedroom 14 Shilling Street Lavenham, Sudbury CO10 9RD She carefully ran her finger under the flap and did her best to keep the wax seal in tact. She would want to examine it under the microscope later after the professor had left and her parents went to bed. Hermione slipped her hand into the folds and latched on to the bundles of paper inside. Like the envelope, the papers were heavy parchment. She delicately unfolded them and looked at the first page. At the top was a beautiful crest similar to the one on the wax seal. Hermione quickly glanced at it, noticing four different animals in the crest. She made a mental note to ask Professor McGonagall about them later. Her eyes drifted down to the elaborate script which read: HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Miss Granger, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress "You'll await my owl," Hermione said, confused. "What does that mean?" She didn't notice her parents stiffening at her question. "In the Wizarding World, we use owls to post our letters," Professor McGonagall said simply. She, unlike Hermione, noticed the slight bristle of the Grangers but decided to pay no attention. The owl post was not part of her introductory lesson and would probably be quite odd to hear. Hermione flipped to the second page. At the top was the same crest and heading with the following list: UNIFORM First-year students will require: 1. Three sets of plain work robes (black) 2. One plain pointed hat (black) for day wear 3. One pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar) 4. One winter cloak (black, with silver fastenings) Please note that all pupils' clothes should carry name tags. COURSE BOOKS All students should have a copy of each of the following: The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble OTHER EQUIPMENT 1 wand 1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) 1 set glass or crystal phials 1 telescope 1 set brass scales Students may also bring, if they desire, an owl OR a cat OR a toad. PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICK Yours sincerely, Lucinda Thomsonicle-Pocus Chief Attendant of Witchcraft Provisions Hermione read over the list again and again. She could barely believe her eyes. Every single item piqued a fire within her. She could not wait to get to this Diagon Alley to buy everything. "Mum, Dad! It says I can bring a cat! Maybe that tabby cat will show up again and I can take her!" "I don't think that would be possible, Miss Granger," Professor McGonagall said with a small smile. "But it says right here first years are able to bring an owl or a cat or a toad," Hermione replied with an edge to her voice and held the list up to Professor McGonagal's face. She did not like to be wrong and most certainly did not want to be wrong about anything in the Wizarding World. The rules clearly stated she could have a cat. Rules were rules, after all. "You are correct," the professor continued, straightening her glasses. "I do not need to read it, dear. I helped to write it." She paused. "I am merely stating it would not be possible to take that particular cat." Before Hermione could reply, Professor McGonagall raised her wand and transformed into the cat right before their eyes. She waited a moment and then transformed back to her human form. "It was - It was you?" Hermione gasped. "The one and only," she replied. "I am what we wizards and witches refer to as an Animagus. I can change forms into an animal. I use it to my advantage when I know I will be, so they say, 'breaking the news' to Muggle families. I periodically check in on the family to figure out the best time to tell them after the magical child turns eleven." "You were at the Forest of Dean when I made that squirrel fly!" Hermione exclaimed, much to the shock of her parents. "Indeed," the professor said. "And, while you were sleeping, you also made the tent levitate so it would not wash away with the flood." "Brilliant! I really am a witch!" "Indeed you are, Miss Granger," Professor McGonagal said, "And with this, I will take my leave for the evening. Will tomorrow work well for our trip to Diagon Alley then? It's near London, so it may behoove us to stay overnight Saturday so you can get more time in the Wizarding World." Bert and Mary were still trying to absorb the news that their daughter had made not only a squirrel but their whole tent levitate in the air. They merely nodded their heads in unison. "Wonderful. I will be back at half past eight if that is alright with you all." Minerva McGonagall stood and shook Hermione's hand. "I am looking forward to have such a bright young witch as a student." Hermione beamed with joy as the professor turned and made her way back to the entryway. She immediately started to study the letters again and paid no attention to her parents, who followed her future professor out of the room. "Uh, erm, Professor," Bert said. Professor McGonagall turned. "Yes Dr. Granger?" "Erm, you mentioned owls," he started, glancing nervously at his wife. "Yes, we use owls to post-" "When I was pregnant with Hermione," Mary almost whispered, "and the baby we lost before her, I was convinced there were owls inside my uterus." Professor McGonagall certainly hadn't anticipated that. She paused and tilted her head, not unlike her tabby cat counterpart. "How very peculiar. It most certainly is a strange coincidence, indeed. I will look into it at the Hogwarts library when I return to the castle tonight and will hopefully have an answer for you tomorrow." Bert and Mary both nodded and gave each other a squeeze. Professor McGonagall stepped outside on the stoop, turned on her heel, and disappeared into thin air with a crack.
