Scabior courts Hermione It was two days past the full moon. A young man Apparated into view in the small courtyard behind the Leaky Cauldron. He slipped around the corner and walked inside. Keeping to the shadows, he walked to the bar. "I'm back." He quietly told Tom as he took over making the drink orders. Tom smiled, happy that his boy had come back safely from another transformation. He knew the pack the boy ran with and the territory he hunted in was controlled by Fenrir Greyback. He also knew Greyback had been pressing Scabior to stay with the pack, instead of returning to London. As yet, Scabior was resistant to the idea but sooner or later, he'd get tired of being pushed. Then he would either join the pack or be killed for sassing off to Greyback. Ocassionally, Greyback came back with him but this time he hadn't. Tom looked proudly at his boy. The Scabiors had been out of their ever loving minds to throw this boy away. He'd been attacked and bitten at the young age of nine. His parents had been horrified. They had called him a monster and dumped him, wandless and defenseless, in Knockturn Alley with all the other 'monsters.' The boy had transformed out of sheer fear and was a fight with robbers when Greyback happened upon the scene. He ran them off, picked up the frightened pup, and took him to the Leaky Cauldon. He came back every month to take the boy to the wild for his transformations. Tom immediately took him in. He lived upstairs and worked odd jobs, here and there, until he received his Hogwarts letter. His parents had disowned him but apparently they were going to allow him to keep the personal vault they had gifted him with. So money was no problem, as far as school supplies went. He was sorted into Slytherin and tried his best to just fade into the background. He was grateful as the headmaster called him into his office and told him he had a safe place where he could transform each moon. The head of Slytherin would make him the Wolfsbane potion each month. He made it through Hogwarts with fairly decent grades. Once Scabior graduated, he came back to help Tom run the Leaky Cauldron. Tom had no family, to speak of, so he officially adopted the boy and told him the Cauldron would belong to him someday. The war took Scabior away from him again as the boy was handpicked by Fenrir to lead a snatcher gang. It almost killed him when he heard Scabior had disappeared, last seen falling off the wooden bridge as it exploded. After a few months had gone by and the war was put more and more behind people, his boy reappeared. It seemed he'd took off and stayed with the pack, a few months after the battle, until he was confident enough to come back to London. Tom could still see a hint of wildness in the boy's eyes. He still had some excess energy to work off. "Oi, Scabior, there's a new bar opened up in the alley. Some of them swotty, rich boys own it. You ought to check it out some evening, boy. Get outta here, away from these old fogies." Tom told him. Scabior smiled. "Maybe some time, for now, I just wanna enjoy being home." He noticed the some of the whiskey kegs getting low so he took them loose and went to the basement for fresh kegs. While he was downstairs, Fenrir Greyback came through the floo. Tom sighed 'here we go again.' Greyback came to the bar. To Tom's surprise, it wasn't Scabior he wanted to see. "Tom, how's our boy? He get back ok? So you know I've been trying to get him to stay with the pack but I haven't told you why." "My mate and I are unable to have children. We've been trying for years, nothing. That's why I prefer to bite children. Not because I can but it's easier to raise children than a grownup or a teenager. I've raised about seven children and between war and the Ministry, every one of them has died or been killed. I'm an Alpha but I have no heir apparent. I could name one out of my current pack but I honestly don't like any of them well enough to name them." "Scabior's not a born were but he's strong, a good leader, he showed that during the war. Of course, he would need to find a mate and have an heir of his own but that boy can charm birds out of a tree. Finding a mate should be no problem. He's shown no interest in any of the females of our pack, has he shown any particular interest in anyone here?" Tom thought hard. The last time he remembered the boy showing interest in anyone had been about a week ago. That pretty little friend of Harry Potter had strolled through on her way to work. The boy's eyes had locked onto her as soon as she stepped inside and hadn't left her until the girl stepped into the floo. He mentioned her to Greyback who laughed. "Oh, Scabior son, the one who got away. We caught her and her friends during the war. He was a little bit obsessed with her. After the battle, he figured she'd get with Weasley and pop out a dozen little gingers, so he let everyone think he'd died on that bridge. He stayed with us until it cooled down enough to come back. Since he's been back, he's been keeping a low profile, hasn't he? Tom nodded. He was intrigued about his boy's interest in the Granger girl. Maybe, if he and Greyback coordinated their efforts, they might get a couple of grandchildren out of the deal. "She comes through here almost every day. She works at St Mungo's. She's training as a healer, I believe." Fenrir's ears perked up. "A healer, you say? That's a handy skill to have around. "I didn't figure Weasley would let her work, figured he'd be the type to keep her in the kitchen or the nursery." Fenrir tossed out that little volley. "They aren't together, as far as I know. I believe there was a breakup there. Once in a while, you'll see the ginger with her but only if Potter is there, too. Otherwise, it's usually her by herself." Greyback was looking thoughtful. "You wouldn't happen to know any particular place where she goes to rest or relax, do you?" "I was just telling Scabior about the new bar, just opened up here in the Alley, run by some of those swotty, little, rich prats she went to school with. She's been known to show up there, ever so often. Word is she's turned into a little bit of a party animal, she's been known to dabble in Muggle drugs, too. Potter and Weasley have had a hard time reining the girl in." on hearing that, Greyback burst into gales of laughter. When they'd caught them during the war, she'd been the strongest one, willingly stopping and hexing Potter before giving up. Had she not run into a roadblock of more snatchers, no doubt the girl and Potter would easily have escaped from them. He had a hard time seeing them getting her under control but he knew a young ex-Snatcher who just might be able to do the trick. Before he could tell Tom that, the door burst open and none other than the famous Trio under discussion walked in. She was in the lead and was dressed to the nines. "Leave me alone, both of you, I can take care of myself!" Hermione Granger snapped. She was going to the Riot, whether they liked it or not! "Hermione, please, just be careful, ok? You never know who you'll run into in a place like that." Harry Potter was almost yanking his hair out in frustration. She was so bloody stubborn, sometimes! "C'mon, 'Mione, if this is about Parvati, just drop it already! You weren't willing, she was and that's that! No need to go out on a bender every weekend!" Ron Weasley snorted. Hermione whipped around to stare menacingly at him. "Ronald Weasley, you could go shag half of bloody Scotland, I don't care, this isn't about you! I've always had to be the good girl, the grown up, now it's my turn to have fun!" Fenrir and Tom were unabashedly listening into the argument, as was over half the Leaky Cauldron, really. Seeing as they were right in the middle of the room, it was sort of impossible NOT to hear the fight. At that moment, Scabior came back and almost dropped both kegs as he caught sight of Granger. Greyback smiled. 'yep, that little girl's days of freedom were in danger of disappearing, especially if the pup had anything to say about it.' Scabior got the kegs reattached as he kept an eye on the arguing Trio. "Harry, I'm going! If you want to stop me, you'll have to knock me out. If you do that, you better have your will made out and be gone by the time I wake up in the morning! Or you can go with me, if you absolutely INSIST on following me! And you, Ronald, why are you even here?! I'm surprised Parvati even let you out of the house!" Hermione whipped around and started for the floo once again. "I give up, Harry, she's on her own. She won't listen anything we're saying. She's a lost cause. C'mon, Ginny and Teddy will be at your place soon. I have to get home." Ron said as he turned back to the door. "You go on, tell Ginny I'm going to be late, maybe if I do go and hang out, she'll be calm down and leave soon." Harry wasn't about to give up on Hermione. Ron shook his head but let Harry go with no more argument. If anyone could get her to calm down, it would definitely be Harry. Fen and Tom watched as Harry followed her on into the floo. "Hey, Scabior, how are ya, boy?" Fen greeted him. Scabior smiled and shrugged. "I think those two are having a bit of trouble with their little bit of fluff there." Greyback nodded after Harry. Scabior chuckled. "Yeah, they weren't too happy with the girl." "Hey, Tom, where did they say they were going?"Greyback asked slyly. Tom grinned. "The Riot, that's the place I was telling you about, Scabior. You should go, check it out." Scabior rolled his eyes. "Don't think I don't know what you old fogies are on about. If the girl wanted to be chased, she'd let them know. She doesn't." "Maybe, maybe not. Maybe she does want to be chased, just not by them two!" Tom eyed his boy. "You'll never know unless you try." Fen told him. "Wasn't her and Weasley being together the whole reason you forgot about her at the battle? They aren't together, now. No roadblocks." Scabior tapped his fingers on the bar. Tom and Fen exchanged quick grins. He was thinking about it. Tom took the lead. "How about you take the rest of the night off? Go to the Riot, have some fun. Just because you and her are both there doesn't mean you'll end up seeing each other. Potter will probably stand watch over her all evening anyway." He knew he was being manipulated, but he didn't care, at this point. The girl was there and he would be shortly. They were right. Weasley had been his only roadblock and he was no longer a problem. He looked at Tom. "You can handle it here?" "I got this. You go have some fun. Knock a few back for me." Tom said. He and Fen waited until Scabior had walked into the floo before they celebrated with a shot of firewhiskey. Scabior walked out of the fireplace into a huge room. There were three levels and the floo was the top level. From here he could see down to the bar on the next level. The last level was the dance floor. He could see Potter sitting at the bar as he went down the stairs. In the middle of the dance floor, he could see Hermione. The girl had a faraway look on her face. Little did he know, she'd taken a pit stop between the floo and the dance floor to pop into the bathroom and down a Vicodin. The girl was feeling no pain. He passed by Potter and grabbed two whiskeys from the bar. Unknown to Tom and Fen, he'd known this place would be opening soon. He'd frequented another bar owned by them. They knew his order and as soon as they saw him, they knew he'd be by for two shots. Potter jerked as he recognized him. "What are you doing here?" he hissed at him. "It's a free country, Potter, and I was never convicted of anything. Cool your jets, Chosen One, I'm just here to have some fun." He sniped at him. Potter glared at him suspiciously. He continued on down the stairs. As soon as he hit the dance floor, he began weaving through the dancers until he was behind her. He reached around and held a shot in front of her. To his delight, she took the shot, threw it back and whirled to face him. They dropped the glasses, wrapped their arms around each other and slowly danced as the lights went down for a slow number. He didn't see Potter move to the very end of the bar to keep a better eye on him and Hermione. He was totally concentrated on the beautiful girl in his arms.
The chase heats up Scabior and Hermione click but will they ever make it to a bed? Not if Harry Potter has anything to say about it! Tune in to see if our lovely couple can escape the dreaded Potter and find a bit of privacy. Hermione wasn't sure who it was she was dancing with. One moment she was dancing by herself, the next a shot was dangled in front of her. Without missing a beat, she grabbed the shot, downed it, turned and wrapped herself around the man. She slid her arms up his sides, then around to his back. He felt wonderfully muscled. She could feel his arms flexing as he wrapped them around her. She had her head laid on his shoulder. In her stacked five inch heels, she wasn't much shorter than him. She could feel him, lightly brushing his face against her hair. For some reason, that brought to mind the Snatcher whose group had caught her, Harry and Ron near the end of the war. He, the leader, had seemed fascinated by her hair. But he was long gone, such a shame. He'd been very attractive, someone she could see herself getting to know. 'Oh, well, this one is promising.' In all the months she'd been clubbing since the breakup, he was the first one who had both danced with her and offered her a drink. Most of them were already counting on her walking out the door with them as soon as she accepted the drink. She might be a bit of a drunken druggie but she wasn't THAT easy yet. His arms tightened around her as she felt someone grab her arm, "Oi, share the little tart, man, she's here for us all!" She turned her head to see a wizard she'd rebuffed a few weeks earlier at a different club. She cursed her luck at him finding his way here. Without completely letting her go, her dance partner simply drew back his fist and punched the other man in the face. He caught his shirt as he fell back and snarled angrily, "Hands off and keep away from her, she's no tart, you bloody arsehole!" Then he shoved him backwards and glared around, "Anyone else wanna put their two cents in?!" They were very quickly backed away from and he guided her towards the side of the room. She felt the wall at her back. He tipped her chin up. "Are you ok?" She looked at him, warily, then drew a sharp breath. She nodded, dazedly. "Oh, my gods! It is him! How! I thought he died, on the bridge!' Hermione's eyes popped wide open as she saw who the man was. Scabior! She reached up, grabbed his ponytail and pulled his face down to hers. Once he realized what she wanted, he latched onto her lips like a dying man. He pressed tightly against her and she moaned loudly. He grasped her hips and raised her slightly, then realigned them to be hip to hip. She could feel him, getting hard, 'gods they needed to be out of this club, now!' At that precise moment was when Harry Potter decided to exorcise his 'big brother' rights and clapped a hand onto Scabior's shoulder. "Excuse me, mate, that's my sister you're manhandling and you need to let her go, NOW! She has exams tomorrow and needs her rest! C'mon, Hermione, NOW!" Upstairs, Fenrir Greyback had just come through to check the boy's progress. He walked down to the bar where he could see Malfoy, Zabini, Flint, and Pucey laughing and shaking their heads. "Oi, can a bloke get a drink?" Malfoy turned and poured him a whiskey. "Sorry, Fen, we were watching Potter spoil Granger's plans for the night." "Oh, yeah, how so?" asked Fen, dreading the answer. "Your boy, Scabior, was getting up close and personal with Granger. Potter took exception and went to put an end to it. From the look on Granger's face, Potter will be lucky to make it home alive tonight." said Flint, shaking his head at Potter's future demise. Sure enough, as she stormed up the steps from the dance floor to the bar, Hermione had a fiercely angry look on her face. "How dare you, Harry Potter! What the hell was that?! I am a grown woman, if you didn't but notice and I can make my own decisions! Gods, he must think I'm such a baby, 'poor little Hermione Granger, so pathetic she has to be guarded by the Chosen One!'" Scabior was slowly climbing the stairs behind them, his eyes narrowed, dead center on Harry Potter's back. Greyback almost choked on his drink, laughing. "Granger isn't the only one who might try to kill him tonight" as he pointed at him. Flint and the others chuckled. Zabini poured a round of shots and waved Scabior over to the bar. As he sat down, they heard a loud "Ow! Blimey, Hermione!" from Harry. They turned in time to see her dashing to the bar. She planted her hands on the bar as she trapped Scabior between them. "I don't party through the week because I'm still in training. Seven o'clock, Leaky Cauldron, Friday night, we'll come back here. Hopefully, I can ditch the cockblocking big brother over there. Date?" Scabior smiled at her, wickedly. "Date. See you Friday, beautiful." She pulled him to her for one last, long kiss, then leaned around him. "Zabini?" Blaine opened a tiny snuff box from under the bar, it was chockfull of pills. "You're all set here, Granger." She smiled and almost skipped back to where Harry was rubbing his shin. He eyed them suspiciously over her shoulder. They all smiled, innocently, and waved at him. As soon as they hit the top level and went through the floo, Scabior whirled around on his stool." Damn it, I almost had her. That bloody bastard! She even remembered me and was still willing, damn it! And what the bloody hell is that you were showing her?" "This, my good man, is sweet little Granger's muggle drug of choice. Vicodin, I have them imported from the States. One of these babies, coupled with her drink of choice, and that girl is flying high, not a worry in the world." Blaine told Scabior. "I discovered, quite by accident, at the first bar we opened, that she tends to frequent only the bars where she knows the bartender has a supply of these things. I keep them under the bar, just for her. I figure, if the girl is gonna do her damnedest to get high, the least we can do is keep her safely contained, where we can control who gets near her or not." "Hey, mate, don't worry about Potter, we've decided we really want to see the Gryffindor princess hook up with a Slytherin. We'll help you out, try our best to keep Potter distracted, hell, we'll chuck the two of you into the stockroom, then swear and be damned to Potter that we haven't see hide nor hair of either of you." Flint told him. "Next week, when the two of you get here, we'll have a plan all set up." Pucey told him. Greyback laughed at the sly look that Scabior was now wearing. 'The boy definitely had it bad for little miss Granger.' As they sat there, a fair amount of women came to the bar, attempting to flirt with Scabior but he was too busy thinking of ways to avoid Potter and bed Granger to notice them. The other wizards were amused by the women's continual attempts. Greyback saw that he was almost acting like a mated wolf already. Once a wolf was mated or soon to be mated, they lost all interest in anyone but the person they were chasing. That went for both born werewolves and the human werewolves. They had just stood to leave when Harry Potter and Ron Weasley came through the floo. The Slytherins gathered into a large group at the bar. Zabini, Flint, Pucey, and Malfoy were behind the bar, Scabior and Greyback in front of it. The Gryffindor's came down the stairs, walked over and stopped in front of Scabior. "What's going on with you and Hermione?" Harry asked. "How long have you been meeting her?" "Nothing is happening, Potter. Yet. Tonight's the first time I've ever seen the girl here. What's it to you? Like she said, she's a grown woman, can make her own decisions. Reckon I might be a decision she'd like to make on her own." Scabior answered casually. He cocked a brow when Weasley spoke up. "You can just leave her be, is what you can do!" Ron snapped. "I remember you, dragging us off to the Malfoy Manor. You know what happened to her there, right? If you don't, then ask her to show you her left arm! Then see how anxious she is let you put a bloody paw on her!" Scabior snarled and jumped forward. Greyback caught him, just in time. "Control your ginger, Potter! My boy won't tolerate being talked down to like that. He might not be the smartest student of the year but that girl knew who he was. He didn't force her to let him touch her, Potter, nor did he threaten her in any way. If that's what you're trying to imply, you're wasting your time." "I'm not implying anything. I'm just trying to look after my sister. If his intentions toward her are good, then I have no objection to him. If he's just going to bed her and dump her, however, THEN we have a problem!" Harry said calmly. "Sister?" Fen asked. Harry carded his hand through his already wild hair. "She's not my blood sister, but we've protected each other so much, so many times over the last eight years, she may as well be my sister. She calls me her brother, you know, the sweet, skinny, pesky little brother she's never had. Of course, I'm sure after tonight, no doubt I've earned other less complimentary nicknames from her. She was still cussing me when we got home." Seeing the curious looks, "Yes, she lives with me, it's a three story house, so no worries. Her parents aren't speaking to her at the moment and she needed a place close to St Mungo's." "I don't know what my intentions are, at the moment, Potter. But the girl is definitely NOT a one night stand, I can assure you of that! I never would have let you take her a while ago, if I didn't intend to see her again." Scabior spoke up, having calmed down slightly. "You might actually want to ask her what her intentions are. It seems to me the girl might want a say in what's going on." "I know what's going on with her, Scabior, a bad breakup, her parents not speaking to her, people at her workplace still looking down on her for being Muggleborn, it's all getting to her. I have no problem with her going out, having fun, kicking up her heels, but when it becomes an every weekend thing, threatening to spill over into her training, a program she had to almost fight her way into, I might add, then it's a problem. Maybe she does need you, she might settle down if she knows she has a regular playdate, someone who isn't going to run out on her. You wouldn't run out on her, would you?" Hardy asked plainly. "No, I'm not running. Well, I have to run out one week out of every month, Potter." Scabior joked. Suddenly, he was nervous. He had just revealed his condition to Potter. "You're a werewolf? Not a problem. Do you use the Wolfsbane Potion? If you ask nicely, she might brew it for you. She was not happy to discover that was one of the potions we were to learn our seventh year. She'd been looking forward to that one. Our favorite professor was a werewolf, you might have heard of him, Remus Lupin?" asked Harry. "I've heard of him. When I was at Hogwarts, I used the Shrieking Shack, too. Snape always made me that potion. I always hated the taste of it but it kept me from killing anyone." Scabior remembered. "Scabior? Where have I heard that name before?" Ron spoke up again. "Oh, yeah, you're a pureblood or you were. Is that why you sided with Voldemort?" "I had no choice in that," Scabior gritted as he tensed. Greyback tightened his hold back up on the boy. He rolled his eyes at Potter. Weasley was going to keep on aggravating Scabior until he got shredded. He boy had a temper, he didn't lose control often but when he did, it wasn't a pretty sight. "Ron, shut up or leave! You aren't helping matters, you're making it worse." Harry told him. Ron didn't like that as his face immediately turned bright red with anger. But he stepped back. Harry looked the Snatcher, dead in the eye. "I'll not try to block your way with Hermione, as long as you're good to her and treat her right. But if you lead her on, only to dump her when you've had your way with her, I'll hunt you down and kill you." Scabior nodded. He respected the boy more than he had earlier. He knew where he was coming from now. He would have done the same thing if he had sisters. I want to thank the following people who have chosen to follow/favorite this story. Bunnyobelenus, Alana Fox, Janiya, Sweetpea2100, NymphadoraGranger95, loukritia, magiknight, MarauderInSecret, airyella, D. , FrostGrace, Hidden Disguise, LeeshaMartinez, Sudop9090, and orangemavis. Thank you. Love you all.
Casting doubts Ginny questions Hermione, Harry tells her he still doesn't trust the boy. Hermione finds out a few of Scabior's secrets and saves his life. Scabior anticipates her return. In the last chapter, I know there are spelling errors and grammer errors, too, no doubt. I have no beta because I usually try to edit it as I write it. One thing, my tablet apparently doesn't like certain words and I didn't realize it until I already posted the chapter and reread it but my tablet decided to rename Blaise Zabini, Blaine. Sorry for the confusion there. When I typed the chapter, it was Blaise and somewhere in the middle of editing it, it somehow turned into Blaine. Hermione woke up the next morning to the sight of Ginny Weasley, grinning at her from the other twin bed and holding a case of Sugar Quills up for her to see. 'hmm, a peace offering.' She thought grumpily. Harry had better be sorry, she'd wanted to stay with Scabior so bad, she couldn't stand it. "Well. I hear we might have a new family member before long." Ginny was intrigued by the light blush that lit up Hermione's face. "So, tell me everything! No details left out! Who is he? Where did you meet? When did you meet?" Hermione laughed. "One question at a time, Ginny, my brain is still a little fuzzy from last night. I'm surprised that Harry hasn't already filled you in on him." "He said you'd be able to explain it more clearly than he could, whatever that means." Ginny laughed. "His name is Scabior and I don't know if that's his first or last name, he didn't say. He was the leader of the group of snatchers who grabbed me, Harry and Ron last year." She watched for Ginny's reaction. She wasn't disappointed. "Oh, Merlin! Please don't tell me he's the one who took you to Malfoy Manor, Hermione! I thought you said he died!" Ginny shrieked in disbelief. "Yes, he's the one who took us there but, apparently, he didn't die! He must have been laying low, somewhere." Hermione shrugged. "But, Hermione, how did you get mixed up with him again? Where did you meet him?" Ginny was still having trouble believing what she was hearing. "He was at the Riot last night. He brought me a shot of whiskey and danced with me. This guy I rejected a few weeks ago tried to cut in and grab me away from him. He punched him, Ginny! The guy called me a little tart and he punched his lights out for it! Then he dared anyone else to voice an opinion, it was so wild, Ginny!" Hermione sighed dreamily, just remembering it. Ginny smiled at her. It was so great, seeing Hermione smile again. She'd missed her sparkling laughter. First Hermione's parents drove it away, then her idiot of a brother ruined the rest of it. "What happened after that?" Ginny knew that Harry popped up in the story fairly soon. "He took me over to the wall and asked me if I was ok. I recognized him, Ginny, and he knew I recognized him. He must have been waiting for me to scream but I didn't. I pulled him to me, Ginny, I wanted him to kiss me, so bad, and he did! Ohhh, it was, oh my gods, I don't even know how to describe it, it was wonderful! We were making out, right there against the wall, Ginny! If HARRY hadn't stopped us, we would have gone even further than that. I felt it, Ginny! He was HARD and it was all for me!" Hermione was babbling, she was so excited. "I hate to bust your bubble, Hermione, but what if that was all he was after? A quick shag in a nightclub?" Ginny questioned hesitantly. Hermione shrugged. "Well, I have to lose it sometime. Last night was the first time I've even felt that exhilarated! Sorry, Ginny, but Ron didn't even make me feel this way. It's like it was meant to be him. Last year, if he hadn't been a Snatcher and we hadn't been at war, he's the type of guy I'd want to get to know, the bad boy. Is this making any kind of sense?" Ginny laughed out loud. "Not really, but I'm just enjoying the fact that we're having girl talk again. I've missed you, Hermione. You have no idea how sad it is in the house now. I really don't like to talk to Parvati. She's giggly and gossipy but she's not you! That's why I try to spend as much time with Andromeda and here as I can." Hermione happened to look down at her wrist, where she wore a muggle watch. She jumped up with a squeal. "Oh, gods, Ginny! I have to get to work! I've a test in twenty minutes!" Ginny giggled in delight and ran out so she could get ready. Downstairs, Harry was cooking breakfast. He glanced at the clock. 'Hermione was going to be late if she didn't get up soon." Ginny came running in. letting him know Hermione would be down soon. He asked if Hermione had seen the Sugar Quills. Ginny nodded at him. He hurriedly threw a sandwich together for her and wrapped it so she could eat it as she walked. "Did she tell you about him? Is she still going to see him?" Harry asked. "Yes, she told me about him and, as excited as she was, no doubt, she will see the boy again. Especially if that's his regular stomping grounds. You can't keep her under wraps forever, Harry, sooner or later you have to let her fly. She's an adult, she has to make her own decisions, good or bad." Ginny told him. They heard Hermione racing downstairs. She came flying into the kitchen. Harry had a cup of coffee waiting beside her sandwich. She stopped long enough to sip from it and nibble a few but of the sandwich. "So are you going out again, this weekend?" asked Harry. "Yes, Harry, I'm going back to the Riot this weekend. Don't even try to stop me." Hermione growled, still upset about last night. "I suppose, If HE'S there, you'll be with him again? Am I going to have to drag him off of you again? I don't trust him, Hermione. After what he did last year, how can you want anything to do with him?" Harry demanded. Hermione narrowed her eyes at him. "As a matter of fact, yes, I am going to be with him, if he's there! AND I don't NEED you to drag him off of me! Maybe I WANT him on me, did you ever think of that?! As for last year, how do we know why he was even involved, maybe he didn't want to be in the war, any more than the rest of us!" she yelled as she ran out the door. "Hermione, Hermione! Damn it! Why do I always say the wrong thing, Ginny? I didn't mean to hurt her! I just wanted her to be careful around him, just until she gets to know him! Fuck!" Harry slammed his hands down on the table in frustration. "Harry, she knows you care, once she calms down, she'll see what you were trying to say. I think she really likes him. Maybe, he really likes her, too. Listen, she goes out every weekend, you said? And she's just started going to this new place? Why don't you and I go, this Friday night? Just so you can see how he's going to act with her. She said he protected her from another guy the other night." Ginny said. "Yeah, that's when I went down, by the time I got to them, he was all over her." Harry gritted. "She's a big girl, Harry. She needs someone, the same as you and me. Who knows, he might be the one, Harry. You can't deny her the possibility." Ginny rubbed Harry's arm soothingly. "We'll go there, Friday night. Give him a chance, Harry, please." Harry sighed. Ginny was right, as usual. He was acting like a thick head and Hermione was paying the price. He resolved, right then, he'd give Scabior a chance to prove himself. Hermione dashed through the door of the Leaky Cauldron, angrily wiping away a few tears. Harry just didn't understand! He had Ginny. Ron had Parvati, as horrifying as that thought was. Why couldn't he see that she needed someone, too? She headed for the floo, not really paying attention to where she was going. She slammed into a firm body whose arms caught her before she fell. "Hello, beautiful, where you going in such a hurry?" She gasped and looked up. Scabior was quite a bit taller, now that she didn't have her heels on. He smiled at her, amused. "Where did you come from?" she asked breathlessly. "I work here, sweetie, have for years. Live here, too." He replied. Her mouth flew open in surprise. "You live here? I've never seen you in here before." "How often are you in here, though?" Scabior teased. Hermione conceded the point. "If I ask you a question, will you answer it?" "Maybe, it depends." Scabior looked at her thoughtfully. "On what?" she tilted her head. "On whether I feel like answering it. I don't usually talk about myself." He told her. She took a deep breath. "Is Scabior your first or last name?" she waited, with bared breath, to see what he would say. Scabior thought it over.' What the hell, it's a fair question.' "Last name. But Tom adopted me." "Tom, the barkeep, he adopted you? What happened to your parents?" Judging by the look on his face, he was tired of talking about himself. Sure enough, he changed the subject. "Doll, aren't you supposed to be at work?" Hermione yelped. "When I get off work, I'll come back. We can talk more then. If you answer some of my questions, I'll answer some questions for you. Deal?" 'She wasn't going to give up.' He chuckled. "Ok, deal, Granger. Now scoot!" She ran for the floo and was gone. He shook his head in amusement. Right after she went through, Potter stepped through the door and headed for the floo. He stopped and looked at Scabior. Scabior went on, wiping tables and putting up chairs. The breakfast crowd was gone. Now they had to be set up fort the lunch crowd. "You work here?" Scabior just nodded. Harry considered him for another minute, then went on through the floo. Shortly after that, Greyback came out of the floo. He was wearing dressier clothes than he normally wore. "Fen, what's the occasion?" "I'm naming an heir today. You need to be there." Greyback told him solemnly. "Why?" Scabior braced for the answer. Tom, having just walked up behind him, braced himself, too. "Because you ARE who I'm naming heir. You don't have to live with the pack, unless anything were to happen to me. But you do need to be in attendance when I name you." Greyback watched the young man closely. "Why me?" Scabior asked, genuinely curious. "Because I despise all the natural wolves in my pack. They're weak, they whine too much and they do not have the proper leadership skills, the same ones you displayed last year. All of them are related to me through my sister wolves and I refuse to do as my father did. He named me heir, based on nothing more than the fact that I was his son. I refuse to name someone who, I know, is NOT going to pull their weight." Flattered that Greyback thought so highly of him, he looked at Tom. "So, I don't have to leave the Cauldron? "No, you don't, all you have to do is come to the meeting with me. I'll name you, introduce you to the elders and we'll be back here before you know it." Greyback gazed at him calmly, inwardly begging the boy to not let him down. "Ok, you can name me, so long as I get to stay at the Cauldron until I'm needed by the pack." Scabior agreed. Tom watched as his boy walked into the floo, after Greyback. He was sad that he had finally given in, but thrilled at the same time, because Scabior wasn't staying with the pack, he wanted to stay with him! The Cauldron was quiet for the rest of the morning, then lunch time hit. Harry and Hermione both popped out of the floo, Hermione looking for Scabior and Harry trailing behind her like a little lost puppy. "He's gone to the wild, miss, he should be back anytime now. He and Greyback had some business to conduct." Tom told as disappointment washed over her face. Harry took advantage of the moment to speak to her. "Hermione, I just wanted to say I'm sorry. I wasn't trying to hurt you this morning, I just wanted you to be careful around him, until he shows he's trustworthy. That's all. I just worry about you." Hermione threw her arms around him. "Harry, I know I'm a mess, have been for months now. I know you care. I just didn't want to be a burden, to you or anyone else. I was trying to drown my sorrows, instead of facing them. I'm going to try and contact my parents soon, see if they've changed their minds yet. Ron, well, honestly, Harry, that whole thing never bothered me too much. I think, by the time, he actually cheated, I was already wondering what had taken him so long to cheat on me." There was a sudden flurry of activity at the floo as Fenrir Greyback came rushing out, Scabior cradled like a child in his arms. "Granger," he yelled as he caught sight of her. "I need a healer, fast. St Mungo's won't treat werewolves! I need you to treat him, hurry!" They cleared a tabletop and Greyback gently laid him on his side. "What happened? Bite, scratch, curse?" Hermione questioned briskly. "Poisoned iron blade, Granger, if the poison don't kill him, the iron will!" Greyback answered. The blade in question was still embedded in Scabior's side. Hermione had Harry and Tom remove the blade as she retrieved her books out of her bag. "Fen, what was the poison?" Fen told her. "The Blood Boiler potion, it was the go to poison for Death Eaters in the war." Hermione flipped through her textbook until, "Aha! Found it!" Just then, Harry slowly spoke up, "Um, Hermione, I uh, don't think he's breathing." Hermione leaned over him. She couldn't see his chest rise, nor could she feel breath when she laid her hand over his mouth. "Scabior? Scabior! Damn it, wake up, we have a date Friday night! Wake. Up." "Harry, get over here! The motion is stirring the cauldron. The incantation is Para Hexia Exito. The blood will put itself into that bowl. You just worry about the motion and words. Now, Harry, Now!" As Tom and Fen watched curiously, Hermione tipped Scabior's head back. Harry nodded at them. "It's ok. She's going to do CPR on him. It's a muggle treatment but it works." As Harry drew out the poison, Hermione made sure his airway was clear, pinched his nose shut and, placing her mouth over his, blew a breath into him. Five times she breathed into him, then she placed her ear to his chest. When he didn't start breathing for her, she climbed onto the table with him. Placing her hands over the middle of his chest, she pushed down ten times, counting under her breath. Bending back down, she breathed five more times into him. With a sudden gasp, he jerked away from her. She collapsed beside him in relief. Tom and Fen wore huge grins as they watched the boy's breathing become steadier. "Hermione, can you take over now?" Harry begged. Hermione grabbed her wand. His blood was almost clear. Then the rest of Greyback's sentence registered. "Wait, iron only affects,,,?" she looked up at Fen and gasped. "He's a werewolf?" "Yes, Granger. I told you. That's why I didn't take him to St Mungo's. They won't treat werewolves." She felt a hand weakly grasp hers and looked down. He was staring at her blearily. "Sorry, love, I was going to tell you when you came back this evening. Let you decide if you wanted to fool with me or not." He weakly whispered to her. Hermione got his blood cleared, then began the spell to remove the iron from his blood. Then she leaned down to him. "Don't think you're getting out of our date that easily, Mr. Scabior. We have a lot of talking to do, sweetie." Tom and Fen were chuckling at her. Once, the iron was out of his blood, Hermione used Distant to close the wound. Scabior immediately tried to sit up. "Uh, no." Hermione planted her hand squarely on his chest. "Where do you think you're going?" "I got to work, Granger." He said. "No, you just got healed, you're going to open your wound again." Hermione refused to let him up. Scabior sighed. "I'll stay down but you have to check on me after work, maybe stay a while, keep me company?" he stared hopefully at her. She ducked her head, then smiled and nodded. As Fen levitated him, he told her "Tom will tell you where my room is. The door will be unlocked." As she nodded again, Fen took him off to his room. "Thank you, Ms. Granger, you saved my son and Fen's heir. We're both right grateful to you." Tom quietly told her. Hermione accepted the thanks gracefully. "I have to get back to the hospital for now, but I'll be back this evening between four and six." Hermione alerted Tom so he'd know when to expect her. I would like to thank I few more people who have decided to follow this twisted little tale. Kittie night The-raving-Cheshire-cat Mistycouch20141
Scabior opens up Now a message from our sponsor (moi) 😂 words that possibly caused confusion last chapter and what they were actually supposed to be. 'But=bites. Bared=bated. Fort=for. Distant=Dittany.' Onward to the story! Hermione was bouncing with excitement the rest of the day. Normally, she had to force herself to leave work, but today she couldn't wait to leave. She knew Harry would be off work soon and he'd make a beeline to the Cauldron. If she wanted any time at all alone with Scabior, she was going to have to beat Harry there. Right at four o'clock, she was ready and waiting in line to use the floo. She shot through and ran over to the bar. "Tom, which is his room?" "First floor, last door to your left, miss." Tom pointed up the stairs. She hurried up the stairs, ran down the hall and knocked on his door. "Come in." she heard. Opening the door, she peeked around and saw him, laying on his bed, holding a book. She came in and closed the door. Approaching the bed, she was delighted to see that he was reading Hogwarts: A History. "I've read that book so many times, I practically have it memorized." He marked his page, carefully laid it aside and held out his hand to her. She took it and climbed onto the bed, beside him. He pulled her close and rubbed his nose in her hair, taking a deep breath. "You wanted to ask me some questions?" "You said Tom adopted you, what happened to your parents?" she asked. "My parents," he scoffed, "well, my parents didn't feel like raising a monster. They dragged me off to a place where all the monsters are and abandoned me." Hermione jerked around. "What?!" "They took me to Knockturn Alley and abandoned me, Granger. They were, no doubt, hoping I'd be killed but Fen happened along and rescued me." He shrugged. "How old were you?" she almost whispered. "I had just turned nine. I was playing with some friends, three on three game of Quidditch. Werewolves came after us. Three of my friends got away. I was bitten, along with my other two friends." He showed her the faded teeth prints on his shoulder and arm. "One of my friends, Alain, was bitten on the leg. My other friend, John, was mauled so badly, he knew he wasn't going to make it. Even if we'd gone for help, he would have been gone long before we ever got back. He begged us not to leave him. He didn't want to die alone. Our parents eventually came looking for us. John's dad got there, just before he died. Alain's dad," he stopped and shuddered, "Alain's dad cursed him for 'letting himself get bitten' and Avada'd him." "I thought my dad was going to do the same thing but then he told me to follow him, he was going to find me some help. He led me and Mum to Knockturn, grabbed me, punched me in the face, told me I was no longer a son of his, threw me down an alley and yelled "Little rich boy, here for the taking!", then he and Mum left me there." "I'd heard stories of children disappearing in there, never seen or heard from again. Soon as I heard footsteps, running towards me, I got scared, transformed. It was two robbers, I started fighting them. One was trying to get a rope collar on me. Fen showed up, ran them off." Hermione had her hands capped over her mouth, tears streaming down her face. She was horrified by the cruelty and ruthlessness, shown by his parents. He wiped her tears away. "Hey now, no crying, darling, not over me." "Fen brought me here and Tom took me in. I go to the wild every month, with Fen, for my transformations. He and Tom, between them, are more than enough fathers to make up for the rich bastard who actually sired me." He sighed, hating to remember that bastard. "What about you? Do you get along with your parents?" he turned the question around on her. "I used to, before the war, before I put a memory charm on them. It was supposed to keep them safe, just until the war was over. I went, afterwards, and found them, removed the charm. They SAID they understood it was only to keep them safe but they still haven't forgiven me for not telling them how bad things were in the wizarding world, to start with. If I'd told them, though, I wouldn't have been allowed to go back to Hogwarts. Harry needed me and Ron both. There was no question of me not being there, not helping him. They are still not speaking to me. They said it was a betrayal, that I was choosing Harry over them last year. That if I'd really wanted to keep them safe, I'd have gone into hiding with them. I don't know, maybe they're right." She picked up his right hand, looking at his ring. She had noticed it, last year. "I like this, it's an unusual design." He twisted it around his finger. "Fen gave it to me last year. It's an heirloom, his dad passed it to him, he passed it to me. I didn't realize until today, at the meeting, that it's how an Alpha declares his heir. Last year, when the war started, Fen knew I'd be dragged into it. Not because I'm a werewolf, but because the rich bastard supported Voldy and threw my name into the pot as a potential follower. He was trying to worm his way into the good graces of the Dark Lord, without having to worry about being Marked. He thought offering up his useless heir would spare him. It didn't." "It was Yaxley and Fen who came up with the idea of Snatchers, collecting the muggleborns for exportation. Fen volunteered me as the leader, knowing Voldy wouldn't worry himself too much about a lowly Snatcher. That way, he could also put himself into whatever gang I was leading, to keep watch over me. He's as protective of me as Potter is over you. Unfortunately for me, I became too good at my job. Either that or the rich bastard kept bringing my name up. However it happened, Voldy decided he needed to meet me." "He Imperio'd Fen to bring me to him and have me kneel. I couldn't disobey, Granger, I had to follow his orders. If I hadn't, Fen would have had to kill me, on the spot. I couldn't do that to him. At that time, he'd already raised eight pups, almost to adulthood. Seven of them had been killed by other werewolves or the Aurors. I was the only pup he had left. I couldn't make him kill me, Granger, so I allowed the Dark Lord to Mark me." He traced the faded tattoo. He couldn't look at her, afraid all he'd see was disgust for his actions. He was caught by surprise when she raised up, threw a leg across his legs and straddled him. She cupped his face. Then she kissed him. "I'm done with my questions for now," she whispered to him. He grinned, laid her on his pillow and followed her down. Harry Potter came rushing through the floo. Fen, who had come through not five minutes before him, and Tom looked up. "Where is he? I know she's with him. She didn't wait for me at St Mungo's. How long has she been here?!" "Calm down, Mr. Potter, she hasn't been here that long." Tom told him. "He's on the first floor, last door to your left. Make sure you knock first!" Tom and Fen began cackling, as they watched him run up the steps. "Hermione, open this door! I know you're in there. It's time to go now! You've tests all this week! C'mon, now!" Harry banged on the door. He'd give her five minutes, if the door wasn't open, he was going to bust it down. He could hear them moving around in the room. "Oh, Merlin." Scabior gasped for breath. She had her legs wrapped around his legs, holding him in place on top of her. He had one hand between her legs and the other massaging her breasts. She was so ready and so was he. They were so close! "Damn it, Potter, couldn't you have waited five more minutes!" Hermione didn't want to let him up, he was there, right there! But she knew Harry and how impatient he was. She reluctantly released Scabior and sat up. They had barely waved their clothes back on when Harry burst into the room. "Damn it, Hermione! Now I have to drag YOU off of HIM? You have testing all this week, you haven't even studied for any of them!" Behind Harry, Scabior could see his foster and adoptive dad, laughing their heads off in the hallway. 'Gods, by the time he actually bedded her, he was going to have such a case of blue balls!' Hermione and Harry were yelling, she was cussing him with every breath. He caught her to him and whispered in her ear. "It's alright, darling, concentrate on your tests this week. We have all weekend to celebrate." Hermione was not a happy camper, but with that breathy promise in her ear, she knew, come hell or high water, they would be fully together this weekend. She allowed him to pull her up off the bed and they walked out behind Harry, both of them amusing Tom and Fen as they made faces at Harry's back. The group made their way downstairs. Two highly pissed off teens, a very frustrated werewolf and two highly amused older wizards, the crowd below were hiding grins as most of them had heard the whole commotion from downstairs. Before she let Harry lead her out, Hermione threw her arms around Scabior one last time. "One last question?" He nodded. She asked, "What's your first name?" "Michael, my full name was Michael Thomas Scabior." He said. "After I started Snatching, I shortened it to Scabior the Snatcher. She smiled. "I like it, both versions of it. Till Friday." She gave him an extra tight squeeze and stepped back. Then she sarcastically saluted Harry. "Lead on, Master Warden, lead on!" Harry rolled his eyes as Scabior, Tom and Fen all laughed at Hermione's antics. He was trying really hard to stay angry with her but she was his sister. It just wasn't in him to stay mad at her for long. He knew, though, that she might well hold a grudge against him for a while. That's why he was only going to monitor her until the weekend. After promising Ginny to give Scabior a chance, he would let him take responsibility of Hermione for the weekend and god forbid the boy let anything happen to her. If she was hurt in any way, he'd personally hunt Scabior down and kick his ass. Back at Grimmauld Place, Ginny had just arrived with Andromeda and Teddy Lupin. Hermione immediately picked up the sweet little toddler, who changed his hair and eyes to match her honey brown hair and chocolate brown eyes. She giggled and took him over to the couch beside the bookshelf. She pulled the Tales of Beadle the Bard down and started reading to him. As everyone gathered, there in the drawing room, they heard the door open and Ron came in, leading Parvati. "Hermione! It's so good to see you," Parvati squealed. She rushed over and sat down beside Hermione. Hermione smiled at her. Contrary to what Ron thought, she was neither bitter nor angry at either of them. She was actually happy they had found each other. She'd known, soon after the battle, that she wasn't interested in Ron that way. "So, is there anything interesting going on with you, lately?" Parvati asked curiously. "Maybe, but it's too soon to tell. Give me a few weeks and I might have some juicy news for you." Hermione teased. Parvati squealed again. Ginny and Andromeda came to, leaving Harry and Ron on the other side of the room. "So, mate, what's going on with her and that Snatcher? Should we be worried? He might be planning to hurt her or something." Ron said. Harry shook his head. "No, he won't, if he knows what's good for him. I'm keeping a tight watch on Hermione the rest of the week. Then he'll have the chance to prove himself. They already have plans to meet, so I'm going to let him watch over her. He's already been warned what will happen to him, should anything happen to her. If he's as interested in her as he says, he'll take this weekend as an opportunity to show me he can be trusted with her." Ron shook his head. He still thought it was a mistake, trusting the guy. He was a Slytherin, a Snatcher and a former death eater, to top it all off, he was a pureblood. Nothing good ever came from THAT combination! But they weren't asking his opinion and wouldn't listen if they did ask for his two cents! Watching her now, Ron wondered how he could have ever thought they would be a good match. She'd known before he had, long before he had. Still, she did seem more like the old Hermione tonight than she had in the past couple of months. He just wished she could make up with her parents. He knew she missed them desperately. There were certain things a woman needed to talk about that could only be discussed with a mother/mother figure. They were being unreasonable about why they were mad at her anyway. He wasn't sure if it was the thought of the danger she'd faced with months on the run, or the fact that she'd actually fought in the battle of Hogwarts, or, like they swore, the fact that she hadn't told them how bad things were getting in their world but he thought they should be grateful for having a child who willingly put their safety before her own. But maybe it was a muggle thing. Hermione went to bed that night, content with the knowledge that Harry had told her he wouldn't intrude on their weekend, unless it was an emergency, as long as she was diligent about studying for and taking her exams the rest of the week. Scabior laid down that night and turned his head. He could still smell her perfume on his pillow. He went to sleep, smiling and nuzzling his pillow. He couldn't wait for the weekend. He wondered if Potter would let her out of his sight, as long as they stayed at the Leaky Cauldron or if he'd insist on her being 'home' every night. He'd have to ask because, if it was the latter, Potter likely wouldn't welcome him into their home. Thank you to new followers and favorites: illdrynstormrage, msmalloryreads, Evil Wanda, augustmoon2. Thank you. Love you all 😊
Compromises Harry and Hermione, with Ginny's help, come to an agreement. Harry is still suspicious but agrees to trust Hermione's judgment. Ron doesn't like the agreement. Hermione shocks and delights Scabior. Please note: I have no beta, all grammar errors are mine as are spelling errors. Hermione woke up, feeling great. She remembered Harry's promise the night before. If she 'behaved' for the rest of the week, he wouldn't interfere with her and Scabior this weekend. She needed to talk to Ginny. 'If she really was going to have her first time, this weekend, she needed to know what to do, how to act, should she tell him or not?' She went downstairs. She hoped to find Ginny by herself. She'd forgotten that Andromeda, Ron and Parvati had all stayed last night. 'Ok, she could do this.' Ginny and Parvati were both experienced, Andromeda had been married. They'd all know how to help her. "Good morning." She walked into the kitchen. It was only the ladies. Evidently, neither Harry nor Ron had woke up yet. She took a seat where she could watch outside the door. "I, uh, I need some advice." She stated a bit hesitantly. "Come. Sit down, dear. What can we help you with?" Andromeda asked kindly. "Ok," she took a deep breath, then released it. "I'm planning to sleep with Scabior, this weekend, and it'll be my first time. What do I need to do? How do I act around him? Do I, uh, need to tell him before our date?" Andromeda and Parvati were shocked. Ginny just smiled, knowingly. "Sit down, my friend, let us educate you. First of all, yes, he definitely needs to know unless you want him to accidentally hurt you. If he doesn't know it's your first time, he won't know to be gentle, will he? Secondly, we need to find you the perfect outfit, this is a special occasion, right? You just act normal around him, sweetie, if you're nervous, he's going to be jumpy. Just let him take the lead, he knows what to do, all he'll want is for you to let him know if he's hurting you or pushing you past what you're comfortable with. "Ginny, you seem to have brought Harry around to the point of finally trusting my judgment. Is there any possible way you can get him loosen the apron strings enough to let me stay at the Leaky Cauldron this weekend? Either that or he lets me bring Scabior back here. If neither of those work for him, well, we'll just have to make a break for the muggle world. I'm sorry, Ginny, I really am but he has to learn I'm a big girl, I really need to make my own decisions and Scabior is one on MY decisions, not Harry's." Ginny could certainly relate to Hermione's frustration with Harry. He had pulled the same overprotective attitude with her the last two years. If he hadn't defeated Voldemort, he and she would still be broken up 'for her own protection.' It was just Harry's way of trying to protect what family he had left and the relatives he had gained upon entering the Wizarding World. "I'll talk to him but you might want to prepare yourself to either vanish or spend the weekend here. More likely than not, he's going to want you and Scabior here where he can still discreetly keep an eye on you." Ginny warned her. "That works but only if we get the same room and NO separate beds!" Hermione insisted. Ginny nodded, she'd do her best to get Harry to agree. He'd fight her the whole way but she would bring him around to Hermione's point of view. "Thank you, Ginny." Hermione bounced up, ran around the table, hugged Ginny and ran out to get ready for work. Ginny was still laughing as she heard Harry and Ron finally make their way downstairs. Hermione greeted them cheerfully as she went back up to get dressed, having come down in her sleep clothes. Harry and Ron exchanged glances, confused. They came into the kitchen. Andromeda, Parvati and Ginny were sitting there, laughing and giggling. "Hermione is in a good mood this morning," Harry said. They laughed harder. 'Ok, whatever they were laughing about had to do with Hermione.' "Ginny, what's going on with Hermione?" "Harry, sweetie, we're going to have another house guest this weekend. Andy and Teddy, Ron and Parvati and Scabior." Ginny waited for the explosion. "WHAT? SCABIOR! JUST WHEN WAS THIS DECIDED?! NO, NO, HE CAN'T COME HERE!" Harry shouted. "Harry Potter, you WILL let him stay here. Either that or let Hermione stay with him at the Leaky Cauldron. If you're going to be unreasonable and say no to BOTH those options, they will disappear from the Wizarding world and not be back until they're ready to be found!" Ginny yelled. Ron was shaking his head. "No, just no! She doesn't need to get mixed up with him! He's dangerous!" "He is the one she wants, Harry! Ron, this has nothing to do with you, stay out of it! Harry, please, you promised you'd give him a chance! You said he needed to prove that you could trust him! Let him stay here or her at the Cauldron with him. If you don't, they will VANISH, Harry! You won't know where they are, if they're ok or anything! Let him stay here, then you'll know where they are and that they're ok. Please, Harry, just think about it." Ginny begged. Harry sighed. He knew she was right. It was just so hard to stop being so overprotective of Hermione. In his mind, he KNEW she was more than capable of taking care of herself, she'd had to be. In a pinch, providing he didn't cheat, she could, no doubt, even keep up with Scabior himself. He just wasn't ready to let her go yet. "Ok, ok, you're right. BUT they stay here! No venturing into the muggle world, Hermione could blend in but I'm not sure about him. They seem to enjoy the Riot, so that's where I'll expect to find them at any given time this weekend." Harry conceded. Ginny knew she had to get him to agree to ALL Hermione's conditions or it was still a no go. "One last thing, Harry, they get the same room, with a double bed." Harry's face paled, then flushed with anger. "No!" "Yes, Harry, same room, double bed or all of us will stay in one room and you and Ron can share your old room again. What's the difference between us and them? She's a big girl, Harry. This is her decision. Let her fly, Harry, sooner or later, you have to let her go." Harry huffed angrily. He pulled at his hair. Then he seemed to resign himself to the situation. "Ok, what the hell, sure, they can have a double bed. Damnit! Why does she need a double bed for? Seriously? She's only just MET him! She's already thinking of sleeping with him?!" "Harry, grown woman, her own decision, any of this ringing a bell, hello? You said yourself he seemed to like her last year and she seemed attracted to him as well. You seemed to think he was reluctant to let her go at the Malfoys. Maybe he DIDN'T want to let her go back then. If Bella hadn't seen the sword, would she have even known who you were? She might very well have kept you and Ron, he might very well have been able to walk right out of there with Hermione. You said he hugged up on her and told her she was going to be his favorite. What did you expect from them meeting again, this time without a war separating them? I said this before, Harry, and I'll say it again. She seems to really like him and, from what you and her both have told me, he seems to like her. Give them a chance, Harry, he might very well be the one for her." Ginny said reasonably. "You're right, argh, you're right. Ok, ok, they have to stay here with us, they can go to the Riot as often as they want to and they can have their blasted double bed!" Harry gave in. He knew Ginny would win the fight anyway, she usually did. "Great, now you want breakfast?" Ginny asked brightly. "Please, has she eaten today? I might as well go ahead and let her know this weekends conditions. But no matter what, Ginny, he hurts her and I'll beat his arse or kill him, I'm not picky!" Harry warned Ginny. Hermione came running back downstairs, into the kitchen. She was dressed in her muggle scrubs and healer's robes. "Hermione, I talked to Harry and this is what he decided." Ginny nodded at Harry to continue. "I'd feel better about this weekend if you and Scabior would stay here at Grimmauld Place. I don't think you need to take him into Muggle London but you two can go to the Riot as often as you need to." He stopped talking until Ginny hit him in the ribs. He winced and continued. "Also, you can pick a room with a double bed or we can put your and Ginny's old beds together again, I'll leave that one up to you." It was worth the painful concessions he'd made to see that brilliant smile on his sisters face. She had been sad entirely too much since the war ended. If this was what it took to get her smiling again, then he'd look up every bad boy she'd ever liked and parade them in front of her. She flew over and grabbed him into a tight hug. Then she kissed his cheek and left, yelling that she needed to talk to Scabior. He shook his head. 'Ah, that girl, she was going to be the death of him someday.' Ron silently listened to the argument. Ginny was right, it was none of his business anymore. Hermione was a big girl who could make better decisions than him and Harry both. He would learn to accept Scabior, even if he still thought Hermione was making a huge mistake with him. He leaned over the back of Parvati's chair and smiled at her. He was so lucky to have found her. They gazed at each other lovingly. He and Harry followed Hermione to the Leaky Cauldron. Not too fast, but just giving her enough time to talk to him. Hermione raced through the door and saw Scabior almost immediately. She almost danced over to him and waited as he took a customer's order. Once he was headed back to the bar, she spoke. "Harry has promised no interference this weekend. But there are conditions: you might not be too happy." "It can't be that bad, can it? He is, at least, going to let us see each other." He smiled charmingly at her. "We have to stay at Grimmauld Place. We can't go to Muggle London. We can go to the Riot as often as we want to." She ducked her head shyly, at this point," Also, no separate rooms. We get a double bed at Grimmauld Place." He waited until she looked back at him, then he smiled." That works for me," he leaned closer, "especially the last part." He chuckled as she blushed. "So, is there anything, in particular, I need to be worried about this weekend, love?" he asked. "Fair warning, Harry says if you hurt me, he'll hunt you down and beat the hell out of you or kill you, and he's not picky about it." Hermione shrugged apologetically. "I do have one thing to tell you, then I have to get to my next test." She led him into a dark corner of the room and pulled him close. She closed her eyes, took a deep breath and tugged his hair to get him to bend down. "I want to sleep with you this weekend but it'll be my first time. Please don't be mad. I have to go now." She kissed him quickly and ran into the floo before he could respond. Scabior was shocked, to say the least. When he'd caught her last year, she'd been living with the two boys for almost a year. He'd known she wasn't into the dark haired boy but the ginger had given off unmistakable signs of attachment to her. He'd thought, for sure, those two had been together, at least once. He'd wanted so badly to take her with him from Malfoy Manor. But then, one of his moron followers had to have that damned sword and his plan had gone to hell in a hand basket. Bella had threatened Fen and he couldn't watch his foster dad get killed, he just couldn't. He'd had to get Fen safely away from Bella, then he'd go back and get the girl. By the time he made it back, however, she and her friends had already escaped. Then they showed up at fucking Gringotts and busted the damn dragon loose! The Dark Lord had been seriously pissed off about whatever it was they had been after. He hadn't been there but he'd heard the man was throwing the killing curse left and right. Fortunately, he had been too busy trying to, again, track down his little beauty. Then she showed up in Hogsmeade on her way to Hogwarts. When he got there, she was inside, he was trapped outside. After seeing her standing with the ginger, as the bridge went down, he resolved to leave, just go away, let the heat die down a bit, then he could come back to England and NOT feel the urge to kill the ginger and take her away by force. Now the little beauty had strolled back into his life and causally accepted him, even knowing he'd been a Snatcher, a Death Eater and was a werewolf. 'How had he gotten so lucky. Now, she had possibly handed him an even more precious gift: her first time.' He vowed he'd make it unforgettable. He hadn't realized he was leaning against the wall, grinning like crazy until he saw Potter and Weasley looking at him strangely. He smiled a cheesy grin and waved at them innocently. He had some planning to do! Sorry for the late update. Technical difficulties with my tablet. I'd like to thank all the following people who have follow/favorites this story: airyella, Alana Fox, Btterflykiss69, D. A. Ravioli, Dindore, ElanaPaz, EmilyWoods, Evil Wanda, FrostGrace, Hidden Disguise, LeeshaMartinez, LuV3nZbl_u-hIm3, MarauderInSecret, Msmalloryreads, Nerdacus, Sudop9090, Sweetpea2100, augustmoon2, bookslover93, bunnyobelenus, kittie night, loukritia, lucyria, mistycouch20141, orangemavis, The-Raving-Cheshire-Cat, The Magical Platypus, illidrynstormrage, Janiya, magiknight, nideat.
Making Plans Short chapter, sorry. Just thought I's show a softer side of Fen and Scabior. Hermione saves a baby. Scabior gets shocking news. Scabior couldn't wait until the weekend. Finally, FINALLY, he might have some private, alone time with his little beauty. It surprised him, in a way, that they would be at Grimmauld Place. But then, remembering how overprotective Harry was being, he shouldn't be surprised that the boy wanted to keep them close. He was just glad Potter had conceded this week, instead of next week, or he would himself be the target of Hermione's wrath. Next week, like it or not, he'd have to leave his little beauty as it was the full moon. He would make sure all this week and weekend to talk to her and hold her at every given chance. That way, she would know, for sure, that he wanted only to be with her and he would be back. Hermione couldn't keep the smile off her face. She knew her co workers were all wondering what was going on as she rarely smiled or laughed at work. She was working in the nursery this week and couldn't help but pick up some of the babies. They were so adorable. She saw one bassinet off in the corner. When she asked a senior nurses about the child, she was horrified by the answer. "That baby is going to a Muggle orphanage. His mother was bitten and impregnated by a werewolf, she had to live with the beasts for months, imagine that, before she finally managed to escape, she died in childbirth. Of course, no proper Wizarding family is going to want to be burdened with a monster, no matter that she was a pureblood. Her family has already signed off all the paperwork on it." The senior nurse answered, dismissing the matter. Hermione couldn't stop herself. She walked over and looked at the baby. According to the tag, it was a boy. The baby lay quietly, not crying like the other infants. It was as if he knew he wouldn't get the attention he needed. She pulled the blanket away from his face and gasped at the most adorable little boy she'd seen since Teddy Lupin was born. He had dark brown, curly hair and lightly tanned skin. When he opened his eyes, they were a bright blue. He was already two weeks old. If they were sending him to an orphanage, they were taking their own, sweet time about it. Then again, maybe it had taken that long for the mother's family to decide to turn their backs on this adorable little child. 'How could anyone turn away from him?' "Miss Granger, what are you doing? I told you, we don't mess with that one." The senior nurse was getting agitated. "I'll take care of him. You worry about the rest of the children. He needs attention, too. If you or the other nurses won't hold him, I will." She picked him up and looked at the woman, defiantly. The baby reached a tiny hand out and grabbed her hair. He was quite warm but that could be because he was a born werewolf. "You are so adorable, yes, you are. I wonder what pack your daddy was from? If your mum escaped, I wonder if that means your daddy is alive or not?" she wasn't sure about werewolf customs but she knew two sources that would have the answers she needed. According to the baby's chart, he was due for a feeding. She prepared a bottle, sat down in a rocking chair and fed the baby. 'They haven't even given him a name yet!' she thought, outraged at the fact. It was near lunchtime before Hermione could bring herself to finally lay down the baby. She was headed out the front door when she heard her name called. "Hermione! Wait up!" she'd forgotten Parvati also was a trainee. "Let's go to the Leaky Cauldron, Hermione! Harry, Ron and Ginny are going to meet us there." Hermione smiled as she thought, 'oh, isn't he going to love that!' They stepped through the floo in time to see Scabior turn away from the table nearest them. The others were already there. Scabior looked up and grinned at her. She smiled back and walked him to the bar. "I have a few questions I need to ask you or Greyback, soon." He glanced past her. She turned and there was Greyback. "There's a baby at St Mungo's. His mother was apparently taken by a werewolf, bitten and became pregnant. She escaped and made it to St Mungo's where she died in childbirth. The baby is still there and her family has given up all rights to him. He's going to be taken to a Muggle orphanage. Have you lost any pregnant women from the pack, lately?" Greyback shook his head no. "I keep a tight watch on all my members. She wouldn't have been a captive anyway. None of my wolves are allowed to bring a human woman to our compound unless she has willingly chosen to be there. The woman died, you say?" Hermione nodded. "According to the baby's paperwork, he was born two weeks ago. The hospital has been keeping him, hoping her family would take him but they just came in, signed all rights away and left without ever going to even see the baby. He doesn't even have a name yet." "Everything is arranged, he just has to be collected?" Greyback questioned. Again, Hermione nodded. "Yes, all the paperwork is in order, they're just waiting for a social worker to pick up the baby, take him to a Muggle orphanage and drop him off." Greyback shook his head. 'Not on his watch, damn it!' "When you get ready to go back from your lunch break, Granger, let me know. I'll go back with you. That boy is NOT ending up in a Muggle orphanage, not if I have anything to say about it! I'll take him home to Mary, she's been wanting another pup." Hermione smiled as relief coursed through her. She'd been hoping he'd say that. Now that sweet little baby would have a loving home. She turned, put in her order, hugged Scabior and headed beck to the others. "Guess what?" she squealed with excitement. "I just found a home for a little baby I've been taking care of today!" Parvati squealed as well. "That little boy? Oh, I've been going in there to see him every evening, he's so adorable! Who's taking him?" "Greyback is taking him to his mate, Mary. She's been wanting another baby." Hermione explained. "Hang on," Ron said. "If Greyback is taking him, the baby is a werewolf?" "Yes, Ron, the baby is a werewolf." Hermione said. "You knew this?!" Ron whipped around, glaring at Parvati. "You knew and you tried to get me to let US to adopt him?!" "Why should that matter, Ron? He's just a baby! He needed a home, parents who would love him! You're saying you wouldn't love him, just because of his condition?!" Parvati looked stricken. Ron backpedaled rapidly. "O-of course not, that's not what I meant, I just-you should have told me! I wouldn't mind, we had a werewolf for a teacher, remember? I wouldn't mind at all, but you should have told me that, to start with, that's all!" Parvati smiled happily at him. "I was going to just now but Hermione just found him a home. Will we be allowed to tell him goodbye before he takes him, Hermione?" "Of course, he'll still have to sign a paper before they release the baby. We can tell him bye while we get him ready to go." Hermione was thrilled about the baby. Looking over, she saw Scabior and Greyback talking, he was scowling, petulantly. "Look, I think someone was the baby of the family until just now." She and Parvati giggled. When Scabior brought their order, she stopped him. "Did Greyback tell you about the baby?" he leaned down on his elbows, clearly pouting. "Yeah, he did." "Are you upset? About the baby? Or about me telling Greyback about him?" she looked at him searchingly. He didn't answer. "You ARE jealous? Aren't you?" Scabior snarled softly. She laughed and stroked his hair. "Greyback isn't going to forget about you, you know, you're still his baby, too." He scoffed. Harry and the others were hiding smiles. It was hard to imagine Scabior, the big, bad, cocky Snatcher, being jealous of a new baby in his foster father's life but he was showing clear signs of jealousy. As their lunch hour ended, Hermione and Parvati got up to return to the hospital. To their surprise, not only Greyback but also Scabior, prepared to return with them. As they stepped out of the floo, he grabbed Hermione's hand. They went up to the nursery floor, Greyback went to do paperwork as Hermione and Parvati went to get the little boy ready. They pulled together a small bag of supplies until the baby was home. Before they made preparations, Hermione had gone in, picked up the baby and brought him out to Scabior. Parvati had parked Scabior on a couch in the waiting area. With no warning and without further ado, Hermione laid the little boy in the arms of the suddenly panicked Scabior. He stared at the baby, then looked at her, a little wild eyed. "Don't worry, just keep an arm under his head and your other arm wrapped around him. Hold him against you and rock him." The girls stood over him until they were sure he had the baby securely held. Scabior looked down at the little boy. "So, you're the one they're all fussing over, aye?" the little boy stared at him with big, blue eyes. Those eyes looked familiar to him, but he couldn't remember where he'd seen them before. He grabbed Scabior's red braid. Scabior leaned back and stretched out. The baby laid his head down and Scabior found himself looking at the baby's hair. It was dark brown. It looked like it had a red tint on it. Scabior looked more closely. There was a small strand of red hair in the midst of the dark hair! Greyback came storming down the hall. Scabior looked up and cowered before the dark, angry look on his foster dads face. Something or someone had pissed him off! "Fen?" he asked tentatively. Greyback pulled up another chair. "Scabior, I got something to tell you, boy." He sighed. 'Damn those people all to hell!' "You remember when you still lived with your human family?" Hermione and Parvati walked into the waiting room in time to hear the question. Neither Scabior nor Fenrir noticed them. Scabior nodded slowly. "You had three sisters. Your father had mistresses. You were his only legitimate child." Scabior frowned at him. "One of your sisters was attacked last year. She'd been a captive of another wolf pack. Scabior, son, this is your little nephew, your sister's child. Your parents rejected him because of his dad. So Mary and I are going to raise him, with your help. You're going to be his big brother." The look of shock on Scabior's face was quite comical. He clearly had NOT expected that announcement. "My nephew? He's related to ME? I thought his eyes looked familiar and, look, he's got the same red strand!" suddenly the baby in his arms took on a new significance to him. "My nephew." He smiled at the little boy. "Scabior, he needs a name. What are we going to call him?" Greyback asked. "Alex, we'll call him Alex." Scabior cradled the boy. "You like that name, Alex?" Alex looked up and cooed. "I think he does, aye, Fen?" Fenrir smiled. "Yeah, I think he does." Hermione gently cleared her throat. The two men stood up, Scabior gently cradling his nephew. "Hermione, come meet him. This is Alex, my nephew." Hermione admired the little boy, stroking his cheek and smoothing his hair. "He looks like you, he has those same beautiful blue eyes." Hermione smoothed the blanket around his little shoulders. "Look, that little strand of red hair, it's just like mine." Scabior had a soft smile on his face. "I'm a big brother. Hehe. I'll be the best big brother in the world." He whispered softly to the little boy. Hermione handed the bag of baby supplies to Greyback who laid a hand on Scabior's shoulder to guide him out of the hospital. They went back to the Leaky Cauldron to introduce Tom to Scabior's little brother, Alex. At the end of her shift, Hermione was waiting for Parvati. They walked to the flop together as they waited for Harry and Ron. Hermione wasn't sure if Scabior would be at the Leaky Cauldron or not. Greyback probably intended to take both Scabior and the baby home to his mate. To her surprise, though, he was still there and he was still holding the baby. Hermione and Parvati both squealed and ran to him. They fussed over the baby until he opened his eyes and yawned. He grizzled at them for waking him up. Scabior laughed, now seeming quite comfortable with holding the baby. They both kissed the baby and told him goodbye, then Scabior and Fen walked into the floo to take him home to Mary. To everyone who has followed/favorited this story: Airyella, Alana Fox, Btterflykisses69, D. A. Ravioli, Dindore, ElanaPaz, EleanorGee, EmilyWoods, Evil Wanda, FrostGrace, Hidden Disguise, LauraB90, LeeshaMartinez, LuV3nZbLu-hIm3, MarauderInSecret, Mommyof3muggles, Msmalloryreads, Nerdacus, Sudop9090, Sweetpea2100, Youko's Little Girl, augustmoon2, bookslover93, bunnyobelenus, gummyrayv2010, kittie night, loukritia, lucyria, mistycouch20141, nataliecalvert17, nideat, orangemavis, roon0, Danish Fantasy Girl, The-Raving-Cheshire-Cat, The Magical Platypus, hufflepuffhugs, illidrynstormrage, kat2287, magiknight,
