(I think that's right) Please Lord, complete it in all of us.
14:34 says, "Let your women keep silent in the churches, for they are not permitted to speak; but they are to be submissive, as the law also says."
4 Every valley shall be raised up, every mountain and hill made low; the rough ground shall become level, the rugged places a plain.
:)  I Want to Be...  by Kylie Bowman  I want to be a girl I want to be a grown-up I want to go to the mall with my friends I want to be on American Idol I want to be a singer Oh Yeah!
A few seconds later, more would fly to the other tree.
But it was actually fun and I did it!
Can we not speak in tongues when other people are praying (in the known language).
Classic moments.....  Gabby - She just finished repeating the sinner's prayer...Right after she said Amen, she picked her nose.
Crystal Cornejo, wow, - I have never seen her focus on the Lord like she did last night.
Eric Thomas (4)- "Jesus is going to be so mad at you."
Even though I don't work with them full time anymore, there's a part of my heart that belongs to them.
Even though it ended out being a blessing last night, when I got to church this morning, I became so happy.
God is good, all the time.
God wants to use me in some way in Josh's life - whether it's through prayer or through my life - i don't know.
He can make every hurdle in our lives seem easy, and He can change every part of the situation and circumstances.
He shared his heart with me, the things that effected his paradigm, and he was completely vulnerable.
How could she overlook all of the times I would demand service from a manufacturer or another reseller?
I am so thankful that God has allowed me to be apart of a fellowship like this.
I have realized that I enjoy both ministries so much and that they both bless me immensely.
I just don't want to think I understand His love, grace, or mercy.
I owed her an apology as well.
I saw the posture of his spirit and the hunger in his eyes, and God was moving, teaching, and working within his life.
I still belong to Him and my free will takes over.
I was wondering if anyone saw a connection between the OT passages and the NT passage.
I would also say things about other people that are so not edifying.
If we think we can grasp it or put it to a certain measure (even a big one), we are still minimizing it.
In the past couple of days, I have realized just how many fears I have.
Is it my pride that makes me want to speak?
It can be a very bad thing if they are imitating the wrong parts of someone's character.
It continually shows how Noah obeyed all that God commanded him.
It fits right in with the Vineyard and Calvary setting that I am used to.
It only makes since to me.
It was Air1's verse of the day, and since I listen to it ALL day long at work, I heard it many times.
It's a shocking verse, but an awesome one.
It's awesome, if it's about God.
It's incredible the way music can really move people and speak to them.
It's so awesome to see how kids show their love to God.
Jesus then picked him up and helped him.
Just as I think, "most of my questions are getting answered - or at least not as confusing", I get some new questions.
Just when they stopped asking.
Lord give me more trust in You.
Luke 12:32 says, "Do not fear, little flock, for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom."
My chest hurts and feels bruised, my heart is beating faster and I am in physical pain for what I have seen people at work go through.
Not that I am the most patient person in the world, but I must say that God has followed through with His word.
Other's are God's favorite.
Please heal him and his family through all of the emotional and spiritual scars that they have.
Please pray for my friend Jason.
Praise You that You save all people, from the beggars to the stars.
She is so tiny that the shirt the hospital gave her fell off of her shoulder and her arm came out of the sleeve.
So, sometimes I'll take the easy road, sometimes I'll take the hard road, but hopefully it's the road that I will be able to look to Jesus for His help, strength, perserverance, and endurance to help me through it all.
Sometimes He uses us despite of ourselves, our abilities, and our weaknesses.
Sometimes I wonder what all God is doing in my life.
Sounds somewhat simple now, right?
Sydney wanted to be the one that connected the pieces.
Thank You Lord for all that You did just because there would be no forgiveness of sins without the shedding of blood.
Thank You for You are a very good God!
Thank You for the continuing reminder that You are working on resolving my fears.
Thank You for the leaders and the examples they set for many to see.
The LORD is our God, the LORD is one!
The Lord dealt with him accordingly and Noah dealt when Shem accordingly when he looked upon Noah's nakedness.
The things that God does give me though, I should go to Him to show me how to use it wisely for His good purpose.
The whole conflict in my head was killing me and just confusing me so much that it felt like my mind was leaving my body.
Then God started to show me why it is so amazing.
Then, there was this kid right in front of the stage in the dead center.
There are so many people that I love at my church - so many people that just make me smile or laugh at the sight of them.
There are some gifts that I have seen in them and that became obvious to me last week when we were talking about the Holy Spirit:  Emily - intercessory prayer Kristen - children Sarah - compassion Danielle -  definitely has one, but can't think of it right now (might edit later)  Some of the other ways that the "sparatic" girls have blessed me:  Melissa - all of her questions of truly wanting to understand the Bible; her concern for the lost in other religions Kelly - her curiousity and spunk Megan - her love for people and animals (Lord please be with Megan's and keep Kelly's ferrets from running away)  Lord, thank You for my Alpha group and the girls you had Ben place in it.
These chapters really show God's mercy and love in having a remnant of people that was saved.
They are important and I need to make the things important to You important to me.
They continued to repeat this taking turns.
Throughout my friendship with Megan, she has had certain preconceived thoughts about me and my beliefs.
We also talked a lot about loving other people.
Where do the single women lie in this?
Which, when translated into Christianese is "Tell me your testimony".
Why didn't I allow God to help me?
Why is it that even when I am  supposed to be in leadership  I still judge people by their appearance and even their character?
Yet, I think the song should say,  hold me better than any father would  In a way, it limits God to a human father's standard.
Yet, he would look at them and then do his 5 push-ups for them.
Yet, then I become a person that my dad doesn't want me to be.
that's cool that you feel the way you do and I respect that entirely.
