(I actually didn't write a lot.
- No kids now but Kids later in life + Cat or dog?
:)  OK, I'm finally getting to finish this.
:) I actually may not go to jazz tomorrow.
:) I apologize for the dismal entries from yesterday.
:) I went over to Kel's and did decorations for Mr. NCHS.
:I want to walk alone along the beach at sunset.
And then, we just came home, and that was the evening.
And, I can't believe I'm still up.
Annnyyywayyy, today was a fun day!!
Anyway, I wish we hadn't gone an hour behind and stopped marching all at once Not only do I feel like I have a lot of time after school because there's no more marching, but it gets dark so early so it confuses me.
But, I just can't get this other thing out of my head.
Completely changing the subject.
He needs to grow up and realize what he says and does has consequences.
He''s been charged with 7 counts of battery and 2 of assault.
He's also in my gym class.
He's such an awesome person.
Heh, funny point Alex just brought up in our conversation.
Hm, Health was ok. Kelly and I made up a story about hepatitis.
Hopefully it'll be fun and hopefully I don't catastrophically mess up.
I avoid asking people questions that might make them tell me what they think of me.
I could tell she was upset.
I didn't get the shoes I wanted at the mall because I ended up not liking them but I got a different pair instead which I love.
I don't really wanna explain how, but...I felt I needed to thank someone for letting me get 33/35 when I did the packet after the tes right before we graded it in ten minutes.
I don/t know what's up with me, but I know I wont want to do anything tomorrow because I'll be SO tired, and I know someone will call me, because that ALWAYS happens when I'm too tired, or too...I don't know, anti-social to do anything.
I get weird...strange...psycho...................  And then I start using dots.
I guess I'll think about it more.
I hadn't seen him in so long.
I just went for a run, and now I feel really good for making myself do it.
I know I need to do my paper but, I don't know.
I like babysitting when you can put in a movie then put them to bed shortly after.
I mean, I am....extremely angry.
I need a plan too for Numero Three.
I think I decided not to bother doing that tape.
I think we broke up the best way anyone possibly could, so...I'm definitely thankful for that.
I type pretty darn fast for that though.
I was reading a past entry of mine, and I said how I could never forgive him for what he did to her.
I was surprised actually.
I wonder if she still goes to our school....actually, I could just go be sensible and look in the yearbook, yeah??
I'm going to go make my dinner now, so...yes.
I'm just in SUCH  sad mood right now.
If I do go though, i bet i'll still be on pain killers.
It taught me a huge lesson though.
It would have been good to get it off my mind.
It's funny if it's a little bit, but if there's the potential for someone to get seriously hurt emotionally, it's not cool at all.
It's going to be really bad but that's ok.
Kathryn, Nikki, MC, and like...6 other people from Benet.
Kelly drove me, and on the way home we stopped at McDonald's.
Like...seriously...I need to just be honest.
Matthew joined us as well.
My day was one of those days.
No marching until Wednesday again!!!!!!!!!!!
Note to Catie: You're a moron.
OK, so, what makes me even more nerdy, is before I go to sleep, I have to come online and see who's on.
Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, OH MY GOSH...I...Catie Norkus...got over 100 in bowling.
Oh whatever, I don't care.
Plus, I got to ride in Tom's Corvette....well, his dad's.
Right in the back of the head.
She knew as well as I did that I wouldn't get to see her again.
So, I get out and then we like...couldn't figure out how to get the cap off.
So, I'm feelin' pretty exhausted right now, but it's been a really good weekend.
So, yeah...last night at the park I tripped and my ankle went sideways and made a cracking sound.
Thank goodness for drugs though.
That did make me happy although it was reduced from $118 to about $99 because of the stupid union and federal taxes and whatnot.
That was probably the hardest math test other than a final that I've ever taken.
That's a big switch for me since I used to have it seventh.
That's always when I went to stay with her and stuff.
Then today, I have a doctor's appointment then work.
There was this other one I saw today...it's not exactly in the Bible, but I thought it was a GREAT quote nonetheless.
There's nothing to do and I love that.
This has been my first great weekend in a long time.
This is why I sort of complain in here, but like tonight...I culdn't have complained about what I needed to talk about in here.
To our dismay, he was still basically right there.
Today's going to be a good day.
Unfortunately, it wasn't good stuff.
We always have a good time no matter what.
We jammed everyone in Chris' car.
Well, jazz cafe was last night.
Well, not all, but a lot...are really gross.
X o X o The Brown Crayon X o X o I'm glad I'm secure enough with myself to be able to stay at home on a Friday night without feeling bad.
Yeah, you tell me this when you have the right to, and I'll listen.
You want to make fun of me for it?
and go out to dinner with my brother and mommy.
