-HERBERT SHIPMAN, No Thoroughfare work takes all my time these days, been leaving office at ten, eleven even midnight...and back the next day at 8 am.
3) hard surface will kill my knees and ankles ( ...and stress, cholesterol will get all of me otherwise)  finally got up, made tea and watched some tv.
Across the gateway of my heart I wrote "No Thoroughfare," But LOVE came laughing by, and cried: "I enter everywhere."
After all I am in reasonably good shape and just a small paunch.
And before I shifted jobs I could count in a couple of hours of tt, atleast 4 times a week.
And the new place doesn't have a tt table.
At number 6 as the allrounder?
Atleast Henry was missing the goal, Trezeguet was missing altogether.
But Rooney rescued England.
Dacourt in the middle for Viera was uninspiring, and Trezeguet chose the Euro to audition for the lead role in The Invisible Man.
Had Japanese food for lunch yesterday, was pretty good, followed it up with ... surprise suprise ..chinese food today... about 6 or 7 varieties of dim sums.. and a dish of mango dumpling or pudding which was excellent, and i must recommend the pork roast too, the name of the restaurant escapes me..but its on the second floor at taikoo place.
Hope to start playing soccer sometime soon, was on the cards for the last two sundays but cricket on the tube kept me away from soccer on the field.
I am used to playing something everyday, and on campus, even during the toughest days of tests and submissions there was always time to play a few games of tt or try my leg at some tsepak.
I go about the world, hand outstretched, and in the stadiums I plead: 'A pretty move, for the love of God.'"
I have been thinking...... when does a guy give up?
I really expected them to do well in the final, especially after restricting the  urlLink lankans  to under 250 thanks to some splendid bowling by Tendulkar and Sehwag.
In this day and age, where a consumerist culture propagates the virtue of indulging every whim, and instant gratification is the norm the pleasure of patience is not very evident.
It is supposed to detoxify the system and promises a weight loss in the range of 5 to 15 Kgs.
Last nights match was without doubt the most exciting match of this tournament.
Lord, grant me no meaner pelf,          then this, that i disappoint not my inner self, and rise as far and high         as i can discern with a clear eye."
Missed the Sweden vs Holland match completely, but saw the penalties (was busy with my birthday party at the skybar... might have more on that later).. but mellberg's lack of confidence was so obvious i was pitying the poor guy even before he missed.
My roommate and I have embarked on the world famous GM diet plan.
Nedved vs Figo, Ronaldo vs Barros - is what i am looking forward to..but the greeks and the dutch might have other ideas.
Not only was he penalised for that he also got his foot broken by Andrade ( was it?
Of course those who have more to lose will find it easier to hit the 15 Kg mark.
Once euro 2004 ends, with zidane lifting the trophy.
One would think that after the 92nd minute heartbreak to Zizou's brilliance the English would have learnt not to sit on a 1-0 lead.
Only 2.9% of all test takers have this unique combination of personality strengths.  "
Postiga and Ashley Cole duly scored the 6th round.
Real seem to have urlLink  got  Vieira, while Chelsea seems to have everyone else.
Ronaldo and Figo began running at the bunched up defence and a goal seemed inevitable.
Some positives, the team has made it to the final of every tournament they have played in since 2002, the victory over Pakistan was thrilling, Sehwag's spin seems to be very good, and Ganguly seems to have gotten through his lean patch.
Sourav - Sehwag to open with Sachin at number 3 seems to make more sense, but is still too hard a decision for the current Indian tema management.
Thankfully, i can sleep tomorrow after the French have buried the Greeks.
The French by constrast seemed to lack that extra second, that extra yard of pace and that steely resolve to win.
The French lost because of the one goal they gave the Croats, making it necessary for them to win the final match.
The issue is not so much the food I eat, its the lifestyle.
There are days and there are times, when all one can do is think of nickels and dimes, But when these days pass i can clearly see all i need is you, here with me  - ' spring thinking in a service meeting '  by St Thomas its been a long time since my last post here, and though i had many things to say, i was holding back, wondering whether to say them here.
They couldn't rest their stars, we just to look at yesterday's quarterfinal were a shrewd Karol Brueckner (did i spell it right? )
Vassel on for the unlucky 'Pele' was obscure for most of the game.
You've just got it together.
added a new section about who else, me ( see link on sidebar - my psyche ) am collating all the results of various psychometric tests on the web under this one heading.
also realised the difference between being attracted to someone and being in love with someone.
also talked to an alumnus, who shared some gyaan about working and life.... and how he started his business......also got an invite to start a business with him ( very flattering) and would have jumped to it had i been married, still giving it a lot of thought though.....but had i a wife to support me :-) ......i wouldn't have thought twice.....after all one person in the family should have a regular income!!
am wondering if i can get a job copywriting, seems you cant work part-time unless you have some good experience and a sizeable portfolio.
and considering the fact that i had 5 of the eight bananas allowed by 10 am, the day was looking particularly long.
and how often does one actually acknowledge the importance of our friends.
and if you saw me you would probably think i was a drunk lovesick fool, but that's the way the place affects me, especially after the dirt and grime of the city i stay in.
and maybe thats where all the activism springs from.
and now i shall not let go!
and the card can be used on the buses, ferries and even to buy groceries.
and the expression on my face remains the same for most of my trip.
and then they make their stately progress towards the port, allowing for a closer view!
and you cannot know how ridiculous i felt, all alone early in the morning with all the watchmen and milkmen staring at me, would be much easier if i had someone to jog with i told myself, but i dont lose some weight soon i wont have some one to watch tv with also.
but again, its not so much big corp or small corp.....but what do i love doing...playing soccer....so while i look for a job which can keep me close to my passion for soccer, i am trying to figure out what is the route to that job and what are the milestones i need to cross on my way there....  one route takes me to harvard/ wharton thence to europe and man u or real madrid or even work in a city where i can watch some soccer regularly, where soccer would be as much a part of the culture over there as cricket is a part of the culture here.
fares are relatively cheap and the octopus card - a sort of prepaid card which automatically calculates and deducts your fare makes it even more convenient.
feel good now thanks to the respite, after all its been a couple of weeks since i got to play some beach soccer, with the pressures of this world taking a toll on my poor weak soul!!
finally got ready and went down.
i came across a baseball blog and i figured there has to be a good soccer blog around here somewhere and thats what i found, written by a arsenal fan from UK.. should be visiting it regularly Just came across this post at Caliblog, which discourses on love and marriage.
i wonder, how many soccer lovers are still bachelors?
i've had enough' only to regret later that one step might have been it.
jogging aside, am meeting a no of people from my old school days, met this charming school mate ( see life of a saint) who's studying design in UK and is back on vacation, then met another old friend from my college days just back from Boise, Idaho who's working in a chip firm....and one thing we had in common was the lack of affection for certain Korean firms who are giving us a tough fight in two totally different sectors.
just saw   urlLink the cluetrain manifesto  , makes very interesting reading, and there must be thousands of such causes on the net, a hazaar bandwagons to choose from.
much to the annoyance of my roommate.
my fingers felt translucent, and i felt as though the sunshine was coming though into to me and i was a light, bright sunlight filled soul.
my heart was rooting for sweden, three months spent there left me with a warm corner for the Swedes.
now i have got writer's block, can't think of the next thing to write......shall wait for the block to dissolve..cheers to me till then!
really enjoyed myself there.
so everything should be fine right?
so i started and after the first three minutes it was sheer will power which kept me going for the remaining 12 mins.
somehow or the other i have managed to postpone my departure but with champions league beckoning tonight and not much work to do, i think i am all set to take of early today.
sounds a bit too logical  - rather cut and dried  but i think its exactly right.
surely these days must pass.
the site i head to when i am trying to kill time after office hours waiting for others to finish....  "  .... your most unique quality is that you're unusually Conscientious   You are the kind of person others depend on.
urlLink Patience    Shed a tear 'cause I'm missing you I'm still alright to smile Girl, I think about you every day now Was a time when I wasn't sure But you set my mind at ease There is no doubt you're in my heart now Said woman take it slow It'll work itself out fine All we need is just a little patience Said sugar make it slow And we'll come together fine All we need is just a little patience (inhale) Patience... Ooh, oh, yeah  Sit here on the stairs 'Cause I'd rather be alone If I can't have you right now, I'll wait dear Sometimes, I get so tense But I can't speed up the time But you know, love, there's one more thing to consider Said woman take it slow Things will be just fine You and I'll just use a little patience Said sugar take the time 'Cause the lights are shining bright You and I've got what it takes to make it We won't fake it, Oh never break it 'Cause I can't take it  ...little patience, mm yeah, ooh yeah,  Need a little patience, yeah Just a little patience, yeah Some more pati... (ence, yeah) I've been walking these streets at night  Just trying to get it right (Need some patience, yeah) It's hard to see with so many around You know I don't like being stuck in a crowd (Could use some patience, yeah) And the streets don't change but baby the name I ain't got time for the game 'Cause I need you (Patience, yeah) Yeah, yeah well I need you Oh, I need you (Take some patience) Whoa, I need (Just a little patience is all we need) Ooh, this ti- me....  Background vocals: Duff McKagan & Izzy Stradlin'  Patience , G n R Absence, they say, makes the heart grow fonder.
well laid out, with artificial turf and lighting too.
went through the diary i keep at work, for pending stuff and appointments, saw the entire this filled with work related stuff and i thought six months of my life have gone by and i dont have anything personal written here.
which implies that we are born with a predetermined fate and destiny...which doesn't appeal to me, or rather i absolutely junk such an idea, so the reverse might be true...my actions here and now determine who and what i become and that is reflected in the stars?
