But, I just can't get this other thing out of my head.
I think I decided not to bother doing that tape.
:)  OK, I'm finally getting to finish this.
This has been my first great weekend in a long time.
My day was one of those days.
Hopefully it'll be fun and hopefully I don't catastrophically mess up.
Annnyyywayyy, today was a fun day!!
This song is amazingly...i don't know what but it gets stuck in my head so easily.
- No kids now but Kids later in life + Cat or dog?
I could tell she was upset.
:) I went over to Kel's and did decorations for Mr. NCHS.
No marching until Wednesday again!!!!!!!!!!!
Yeah, you tell me this when you have the right to, and I'll listen.
So, after that I unexpectedly got a ride home from Chris, changed into some dry clothes, and then we went to Chipotle and met Brandon and Bryan there.
He's also in my gym class.
I type pretty darn fast for that though.
I know I need to do my paper but, I don't know.
Nothing more to say really and I do need to get back to my project.
Well, not all, but a lot...are really gross.
And then, we just came home, and that was the evening.
:I want to walk alone along the beach at sunset.
That was probably the hardest math test other than a final that I've ever taken.
Anyway, I wish we hadn't gone an hour behind and stopped marching all at once Not only do I feel like I have a lot of time after school because there's no more marching, but it gets dark so early so it confuses me.
That's a big switch for me since I used to have it seventh.
Plus, I got to ride in Tom's Corvette....well, his dad's.
To our dismay, he was still basically right there.
and go out to dinner with my brother and mommy.
We always have a good time no matter what.
Completely changing the subject.
So, I get out and then we like...couldn't figure out how to get the cap off.
Then today, I have a doctor's appointment then work.
:) I actually may not go to jazz tomorrow.
Right in the back of the head.
Today's going to be a good day.
You want to make fun of me for it?
Did you even notice I'm still writing in parentheses?
There's nothing to do and I love that.
Unfortunately, it wasn't good stuff.
It taught me a huge lesson though.
Anyway, after that Kathryn left, and Mary Clare, Kelly, Joanne, and I just kind of sat around and talked.
It would have been good to get it off my mind.
I like babysitting when you can put in a movie then put them to bed shortly after.
I don't really wanna explain how, but...I felt I needed to thank someone for letting me get 33/35 when I did the packet after the tes right before we graded it in ten minutes.
Our ms. Gatto fan club got her flowers this morning!
I guess I'll think about it more.
After school, I came home, blah-de-blah-de-blah, and then at 5:15'ish Carson picked me up, and we went to Noodles to celebrate her birthday.
There was this other one I saw today...it's not exactly in the Bible, but I thought it was a GREAT quote nonetheless.
I just hope they're ok... Why is it that bad things happen to good people??
I'll probably just go talk to people for another hour like ALWAYS.
So, yeah...last night at the park I tripped and my ankle went sideways and made a cracking sound.
And, I can't believe I'm still up.
I just went for a run, and now I feel really good for making myself do it.
Anyway...I have to go, people are actually IM'ing me.
I didn't get the shoes I wanted at the mall because I ended up not liking them but I got a different pair instead which I love.
He needs to grow up and realize what he says and does has consequences.
Hm, Health was ok. Kelly and I made up a story about hepatitis.
If I do go though, i bet i'll still be on pain killers.
Oh whatever, I don't care.
I get weird...strange...psycho...................  And then I start using dots.
Note to Catie: You're a moron.
:) I apologize for the dismal entries from yesterday.
I need a plan too for Numero Three.
Matthew joined us as well.
So, I'm feelin' pretty exhausted right now, but it's been a really good weekend.
(I actually didn't write a lot.
Thank goodness for drugs though.
I'm 15 for a moment Caught in between 10 and 20 And I'm just dreaming Counting the ways to where you are  I'm 22 for a moment She feels better than ever And we're on fire Making our way back from Mars  15, there's still time for you Time to buy and time to lose 15, there's never a wish better than this When you only got 100 years to live  I'm 33 for a moment  Still the man, but you see I'm a they A kid on the way A family on my mind  I'm 45 for a moment  The sea is high And I'm heading into a crisis Chasing the years of my life  15, there's still time for you Time to buy and time to lose yourself Within a morning star  15, I'm all right with you 15, there's never a wish better than this When you only got 100 years to live  Half time goes by Suddenly you're wise Another blink of an eye 67 is gone The sun is getting high We're moving on...
Kelly drove me, and on the way home we stopped at McDonald's.
I would love to hang out with him if he lived around here, but eh.
I'm just in SUCH  sad mood right now.
I'm going to go make my dinner now, so...yes.
I mean, I am....extremely angry.
He''s been charged with 7 counts of battery and 2 of assault.
Love does not delight in evil, but rejoices with the truth.
I don/t know what's up with me, but I know I wont want to do anything tomorrow because I'll be SO tired, and I know someone will call me, because that ALWAYS happens when I'm too tired, or too...I don't know, anti-social to do anything.
That did make me happy although it was reduced from $118 to about $99 because of the stupid union and federal taxes and whatnot.
I avoid asking people questions that might make them tell me what they think of me.
I was reading a past entry of mine, and I said how I could never forgive him for what he did to her.
X o X o The Brown Crayon X o X o I'm glad I'm secure enough with myself to be able to stay at home on a Friday night without feeling bad.
This is why I sort of complain in here, but like tonight...I culdn't have complained about what I needed to talk about in here.
I was surprised actually.
Well, jazz cafe was last night.
That's all I have to say.
We jammed everyone in Chris' car.
Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, OH MY GOSH...I...Catie Norkus...got over 100 in bowling.
I got in the 80's...WOOOO.
Like...seriously...I need to just be honest.
I think we broke up the best way anyone possibly could, so...I'm definitely thankful for that.
I wonder if she still goes to our school....actually, I could just go be sensible and look in the yearbook, yeah??
And, honestly, that's all that's going on right now.
OK, so, what makes me even more nerdy, is before I go to sleep, I have to come online and see who's on.
He's such an awesome person.
Heh, funny point Alex just brought up in our conversation.
It's funny if it's a little bit, but if there's the potential for someone to get seriously hurt emotionally, it's not cool at all.
It's going to be really bad but that's ok.
I hadn't seen him in so long.
That's always when I went to stay with her and stuff.
She knew as well as I did that I wouldn't get to see her again.
There are albinos of every animals but...I guess I just hadn't thought about it.
Kathryn, Nikki, MC, and like...6 other people from Benet.
