These chapters really show God's mercy and love in having a remnant of people that was saved.
I was wondering if anyone saw a connection between the OT passages and the NT passage.
Then, there was this kid right in front of the stage in the dead center.
The Israelites used to make idols, like themselves, and worship them.
Sometimes He uses us despite of ourselves, our abilities, and our weaknesses.
They are important and I need to make the things important to You important to me.
But it was actually fun and I did it!
Not that I am the most patient person in the world, but I must say that God has followed through with His word.
I have realized that I enjoy both ministries so much and that they both bless me immensely.
I wonder if I could believe at all.
Sydney wanted to be the one that connected the pieces.
There are some gifts that I have seen in them and that became obvious to me last week when we were talking about the Holy Spirit:  Emily - intercessory prayer Kristen - children Sarah - compassion Danielle -  definitely has one, but can't think of it right now (might edit later)  Some of the other ways that the "sparatic" girls have blessed me:  Melissa - all of her questions of truly wanting to understand the Bible; her concern for the lost in other religions Kelly - her curiousity and spunk Megan - her love for people and animals (Lord please be with Megan's and keep Kelly's ferrets from running away)  Lord, thank You for my Alpha group and the girls you had Ben place in it.
Please heal him and his family through all of the emotional and spiritual scars that they have.
I just don't want to think I understand His love, grace, or mercy.
I see the hurt that these people are going through and have gone through and I ache.
All day Sunday, I was wondering who was going to be proving the childcare during the Danny Daniels seminar.
Why didn't I allow God to help me?
It only makes since to me.
Thank You for the leaders and the examples they set for many to see.
It's just kind of hard to explain.
4 Every valley shall be raised up, every mountain and hill made low; the rough ground shall become level, the rugged places a plain.
14:34 says, "Let your women keep silent in the churches, for they are not permitted to speak; but they are to be submissive, as the law also says."
Even though I don't work with them full time anymore, there's a part of my heart that belongs to them.
Please pray for my friend Jason.
I would also say things about other people that are so not edifying.
Which, when translated into Christianese is "Tell me your testimony".
Jesus then picked him up and helped him.
There are so many people that I love at my church - so many people that just make me smile or laugh at the sight of them.
He can make every hurdle in our lives seem easy, and He can change every part of the situation and circumstances.
A person's skin doesn't make the difference or make the relationship/ communication more or less real.
They continued to repeat this taking turns.
:)  I Want to Be...  by Kylie Bowman  I want to be a girl I want to be a grown-up I want to go to the mall with my friends I want to be on American Idol I want to be a singer Oh Yeah!
But hey - it looks clean, right?
Praise You that You save all people, from the beggars to the stars.
Throughout my friendship with Megan, she has had certain preconceived thoughts about me and my beliefs.
I see people with a huge amount of influence on the people around them.
Can we not speak in tongues when other people are praying (in the known language).
I saw the posture of his spirit and the hunger in his eyes, and God was moving, teaching, and working within his life.
The LORD is our God, the LORD is one!
The things that God does give me though, I should go to Him to show me how to use it wisely for His good purpose.
Other's are God's favorite.
Yet, then I become a person that my dad doesn't want me to be.
There is nothing against anyone, I love you all regardless, but I would just prefer if only a select few people look at my other blogs.
Just as I think, "most of my questions are getting answered - or at least not as confusing", I get some new questions.
It can be a very bad thing if they are imitating the wrong parts of someone's character.
He shared his heart with me, the things that effected his paradigm, and he was completely vulnerable.
would I be an atheist if I had his life?
That week, my prayer was on where I should work.
Sounds somewhat simple now, right?
Lord give me more trust in You.
I owed her an apology as well.
Eric Thomas (4)- "Jesus is going to be so mad at you."
Classic moments.....  Gabby - She just finished repeating the sinner's prayer...Right after she said Amen, she picked her nose.
Is it my pride that makes me want to speak?
If we think we can grasp it or put it to a certain measure (even a big one), we are still minimizing it.
Crystal Cornejo, wow, - I have never seen her focus on the Lord like she did last night.
She is so tiny that the shirt the hospital gave her fell off of her shoulder and her arm came out of the sleeve.
So, sometimes I'll take the easy road, sometimes I'll take the hard road, but hopefully it's the road that I will be able to look to Jesus for His help, strength, perserverance, and endurance to help me through it all.
It's so awesome to see how kids show their love to God.
Where do the single women lie in this?
God is good, all the time.
It fits right in with the Vineyard and Calvary setting that I am used to.
Even though it ended out being a blessing last night, when I got to church this morning, I became so happy.
Jason is worried that I know too much about him.
It was Air1's verse of the day, and since I listen to it ALL day long at work, I heard it many times.
It continually shows how Noah obeyed all that God commanded him.
The whole conflict in my head was killing me and just confusing me so much that it felt like my mind was leaving my body.
I'm not saying I am perfect or he should even be proud of me.
I still belong to Him and my free will takes over.
Just when they stopped asking.
Father,  Make the deepest desire of my heart be for me to live to glorify You and have You glorified in me.
A few seconds later, more would fly to the other tree.
Even though I have been with Jessica all night, I finally feel comfortable.
He misunderstands so many points in the scriptures and then gets angry with me because I try to follow them out.
We also talked a lot about loving other people.
(I think that's right) Please Lord, complete it in all of us.
God wants to use me in some way in Josh's life - whether it's through prayer or through my life - i don't know.
How could she overlook all of the times I would demand service from a manufacturer or another reseller?
The Lord dealt with him accordingly and Noah dealt when Shem accordingly when he looked upon Noah's nakedness.
Sometimes I wonder what all God is doing in my life.
Thank You for the continuing reminder that You are working on resolving my fears.
It's incredible the way music can really move people and speak to them.
She hardly cries, and yet it is still kind of hard to claim as a cry - it's so quiet.
It's a shocking verse, but an awesome one.
Then God started to show me why it is so amazing.
I needed help to bring in groceries yesterday.
Luke 12:32 says, "Do not fear, little flock, for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom."
My chest hurts and feels bruised, my heart is beating faster and I am in physical pain for what I have seen people at work go through.
Thank You Lord for Your goodness, Your grace and Your mercy, and I ask You Lord to pour onto this family Your grace, mercy, love, strength, comfort, and healing.
In the past couple of days, I have realized just how many fears I have.
Thank You for You are a very good God!
Thank You Lord for all that You did just because there would be no forgiveness of sins without the shedding of blood.
Why is it that even when I am  supposed to be in leadership  I still judge people by their appearance and even their character?
It's awesome, if it's about God.
Yet, he would look at them and then do his 5 push-ups for them.
Now I don't want this to happen, yet I know I choose the other way all the time.
that's cool that you feel the way you do and I respect that entirely.
Yet, I think the song should say,  hold me better than any father would  In a way, it limits God to a human father's standard.
Thank You for that gift on Sunday night.
I am so thankful that God has allowed me to be apart of a fellowship like this.
