well the best has to be when you experience all three with the same person and at the same time...  and here's to the holiday season!! "
much to the annoyance of my roommate.
My roommate and I have embarked on the world famous GM diet plan.
and how often does one actually acknowledge the importance of our friends.
and then they make their stately progress towards the port, allowing for a closer view!
You've just got it together.
Once euro 2004 ends, with zidane lifting the trophy.
Not only was he penalised for that he also got his foot broken by Andrade ( was it?
I really expected them to do well in the final, especially after restricting the  urlLink lankans  to under 250 thanks to some splendid bowling by Tendulkar and Sehwag.
but again, its not so much big corp or small corp.....but what do i love doing...playing soccer....so while i look for a job which can keep me close to my passion for soccer, i am trying to figure out what is the route to that job and what are the milestones i need to cross on my way there....  one route takes me to harvard/ wharton thence to europe and man u or real madrid or even work in a city where i can watch some soccer regularly, where soccer would be as much a part of the culture over there as cricket is a part of the culture here.
Had Japanese food for lunch yesterday, was pretty good, followed it up with ... surprise suprise ..chinese food today... about 6 or 7 varieties of dim sums.. and a dish of mango dumpling or pudding which was excellent, and i must recommend the pork roast too, the name of the restaurant escapes me..but its on the second floor at taikoo place.
The French lost because of the one goal they gave the Croats, making it necessary for them to win the final match.
One would think that after the 92nd minute heartbreak to Zizou's brilliance the English would have learnt not to sit on a 1-0 lead.
therefore if the potential benefit is so great that no price you pay is too big, then you never give up!!
and if you saw me you would probably think i was a drunk lovesick fool, but that's the way the place affects me, especially after the dirt and grime of the city i stay in.
I am used to playing something everyday, and on campus, even during the toughest days of tests and submissions there was always time to play a few games of tt or try my leg at some tsepak.
Atleast Henry was missing the goal, Trezeguet was missing altogether.
really enjoyed myself there.
jogging aside, am meeting a no of people from my old school days, met this charming school mate ( see life of a saint) who's studying design in UK and is back on vacation, then met another old friend from my college days just back from Boise, Idaho who's working in a chip firm....and one thing we had in common was the lack of affection for certain Korean firms who are giving us a tough fight in two totally different sectors.
Some positives, the team has made it to the final of every tournament they have played in since 2002, the victory over Pakistan was thrilling, Sehwag's spin seems to be very good, and Ganguly seems to have gotten through his lean patch.
The French by constrast seemed to lack that extra second, that extra yard of pace and that steely resolve to win.
Ronaldo and Figo began running at the bunched up defence and a goal seemed inevitable.
add to that long conversations, good music, a sense of calm...... i know what nirvana feels like....   Top Of The World      urlLink The Carpenters     Such a feelin's comin' over me There is wonder in most everything I see Not a cloud in the sky Got the sun in my eyes And I won't be surprised if it's a dream  Everything I want the world to be Is now coming true especially for me And the reason is clear It's because you are here You're the nearest thing to heaven that I've seen  (*) I'm on the top of the world lookin' down on creation And the only explanation I can find Is the love that I've found ever since you've been around Your love's put me at the top of the world  Something in the wind has learned my name And it's tellin' me that things are not the same In the leaves on the trees and the touch of the breeze There's a pleasin' sense of happiness for me  There is only one wish on my mind When this day is through I hope that I will find That tomorrow will be just the same for you and me All I need will be mine if you are here a few recommended books: what to do with your life: Po Bronson (see link alongside - the answer) cant remember the title but a book by John Gould on life on the farm as a newlywed.. the dancing wu li masters - a book on physics and science for the dilletante its been some time since i wrote.
am wondering if i can get a job copywriting, seems you cant work part-time unless you have some good experience and a sizeable portfolio.
Across the gateway of my heart I wrote "No Thoroughfare," But LOVE came laughing by, and cried: "I enter everywhere."
if it were possible to do an a,b, c analysis of what made me happy in the past year then 80% of it would the company of friends, 5% would be work i did on the job, 10% would be the sports i played, and balance would be misc.
And the new place doesn't have a tt table.
which implies that we are born with a predetermined fate and destiny...which doesn't appeal to me, or rather i absolutely junk such an idea, so the reverse might be true...my actions here and now determine who and what i become and that is reflected in the stars?
and you cannot know how ridiculous i felt, all alone early in the morning with all the watchmen and milkmen staring at me, would be much easier if i had someone to jog with i told myself, but i dont lose some weight soon i wont have some one to watch tv with also.
just saw   urlLink the cluetrain manifesto  , makes very interesting reading, and there must be thousands of such causes on the net, a hazaar bandwagons to choose from.
also realised the difference between being attracted to someone and being in love with someone.
fares are relatively cheap and the octopus card - a sort of prepaid card which automatically calculates and deducts your fare makes it even more convenient.
Real seem to have urlLink  got  Vieira, while Chelsea seems to have everyone else.
a couple of sundays have passed, thankfully those sunday mornings passed on the beach with a soccer ball.
well laid out, with artificial turf and lighting too.
-HERBERT SHIPMAN, No Thoroughfare work takes all my time these days, been leaving office at ten, eleven even midnight...and back the next day at 8 am.
i've had enough' only to regret later that one step might have been it.
somehow or the other i have managed to postpone my departure but with champions league beckoning tonight and not much work to do, i think i am all set to take of early today.
so everything should be fine right?
so i started and after the first three minutes it was sheer will power which kept me going for the remaining 12 mins.
the moment i step foot in bangalore (and i always reach early morning) i have this huge grin plastered all over my face.
The issue is not so much the food I eat, its the lifestyle.
But my recent life has been showing me that patience is necessary, it's also better for my peace of mind.
3) hard surface will kill my knees and ankles ( ...and stress, cholesterol will get all of me otherwise)  finally got up, made tea and watched some tv.
At number 6 as the allrounder?
added a new section about who else, me ( see link on sidebar - my psyche ) am collating all the results of various psychometric tests on the web under this one heading.
the site i head to when i am trying to kill time after office hours waiting for others to finish....  "  .... your most unique quality is that you're unusually Conscientious   You are the kind of person others depend on.
the flight was uneventful except for the quality of the food..But lets not get into that,  the trip to the hotel from the airport was great, with a huge bridge connecting the airport to the main island.. and room i got has a wonderful view of the bay, and in the morning i can see the sun rising over Hong Kong bay, the ideal setting for a morning cuppa.. and nights reveal the city's skyline which is almost as spectacular, and like raisins in a pudding, the star cruise ships keep appearing on the horizon.
nah.... and dropping him also seems to be out of the question.
i wonder, how many soccer lovers are still bachelors?
sounds a bit too logical  - rather cut and dried  but i think its exactly right.
In this day and age, where a consumerist culture propagates the virtue of indulging every whim, and instant gratification is the norm the pleasure of patience is not very evident.
urlLink Patience    Shed a tear 'cause I'm missing you I'm still alright to smile Girl, I think about you every day now Was a time when I wasn't sure But you set my mind at ease There is no doubt you're in my heart now Said woman take it slow It'll work itself out fine All we need is just a little patience Said sugar make it slow And we'll come together fine All we need is just a little patience (inhale) Patience... Ooh, oh, yeah  Sit here on the stairs 'Cause I'd rather be alone If I can't have you right now, I'll wait dear Sometimes, I get so tense But I can't speed up the time But you know, love, there's one more thing to consider Said woman take it slow Things will be just fine You and I'll just use a little patience Said sugar take the time 'Cause the lights are shining bright You and I've got what it takes to make it We won't fake it, Oh never break it 'Cause I can't take it  ...little patience, mm yeah, ooh yeah,  Need a little patience, yeah Just a little patience, yeah Some more pati... (ence, yeah) I've been walking these streets at night  Just trying to get it right (Need some patience, yeah) It's hard to see with so many around You know I don't like being stuck in a crowd (Could use some patience, yeah) And the streets don't change but baby the name I ain't got time for the game 'Cause I need you (Patience, yeah) Yeah, yeah well I need you Oh, I need you (Take some patience) Whoa, I need (Just a little patience is all we need) Ooh, this ti- me....  Background vocals: Duff McKagan & Izzy Stradlin'  Patience , G n R Absence, they say, makes the heart grow fonder.
Nedved vs Figo, Ronaldo vs Barros - is what i am looking forward to..but the greeks and the dutch might have other ideas.
Lord, grant me no meaner pelf,          then this, that i disappoint not my inner self, and rise as far and high         as i can discern with a clear eye."
and the expression on my face remains the same for most of my trip.
and now i shall not let go!
I go about the world, hand outstretched, and in the stadiums I plead: 'A pretty move, for the love of God.'"
But with Cole and the rest of the back four doing well, the Portuguese were held at bay for 80 minutes.
They didn't, leaving their supporters heartbroken once again.
(...this entry was re-called to parts unknown, though i did love what i poured out..) a newbie here, always wanted to keep a diary, but did'nt want it to fall into wrong hands.........how this resolves that problem, god only knows, but anyway, will give it a try after a loooong hot and humid summer, the rains have finally arrived, and boy, does it feel good!!
Postiga and Ashley Cole duly scored the 6th round.
says exactly what i feel.
now i have got writer's block, can't think of the next thing to write......shall wait for the block to dissolve..cheers to me till then!
The soccer on display was not the beautiful kind and England's answer to Pele left early with broken instep.
(but he was to make his mark at the very end).
Of course those who have more to lose will find it easier to hit the 15 Kg mark.
But that too was not to be.
and considering the fact that i had 5 of the eight bananas allowed by 10 am, the day was looking particularly long.
Which was absent for the most part of the Qf.
Only 2.9% of all test takers have this unique combination of personality strengths.  "
Maniche seems to be the likely target to replace Patrick at Arsenal, though an Arsenal without Vieira is very much like the Lakers without Shaq ( yeah, shaq has left the Lakers, and so has Phil Jackson.. though Gary Payton will be with them...??
Missed the Sweden vs Holland match completely, but saw the penalties (was busy with my birthday party at the skybar... might have more on that later).. but mellberg's lack of confidence was so obvious i was pitying the poor guy even before he missed.
Hope to start playing soccer sometime soon, was on the cards for the last two sundays but cricket on the tube kept me away from soccer on the field.
There are days and there are times, when all one can do is think of nickels and dimes, But when these days pass i can clearly see all i need is you, here with me  - ' spring thinking in a service meeting '  by St Thomas its been a long time since my last post here, and though i had many things to say, i was holding back, wondering whether to say them here.
Dacourt in the middle for Viera was uninspiring, and Trezeguet chose the Euro to audition for the lead role in The Invisible Man.
I have been thinking...... when does a guy give up?
and maybe thats where all the activism springs from.
Vassel on for the unlucky 'Pele' was obscure for most of the game.
After all I am in reasonably good shape and just a small paunch.
my heart was rooting for sweden, three months spent there left me with a warm corner for the Swedes.
finally got ready and went down.
and the card can be used on the buses, ferries and even to buy groceries.
Sourav - Sehwag to open with Sachin at number 3 seems to make more sense, but is still too hard a decision for the current Indian tema management.
You're also good at weighing the pros and cons of any situation and making sound, well-informed decisions.
Thankfully, i can sleep tomorrow after the French have buried the Greeks.
went through the diary i keep at work, for pending stuff and appointments, saw the entire this filled with work related stuff and i thought six months of my life have gone by and i dont have anything personal written here.
They couldn't rest their stars, we just to look at yesterday's quarterfinal were a shrewd Karol Brueckner (did i spell it right? )
Last nights match was without doubt the most exciting match of this tournament.
It was like watching a bad movie, I didn't beleive what was happening and to the end I was sure that France would score.
And before I shifted jobs I could count in a couple of hours of tt, atleast 4 times a week.
urlLink guy got fired for what he blogged... thankfully soccer did happen this sunday, and rain also chose the same sunday morning to happen....but thankfully the rain was more of a bully then a threat, just drenched us and then gave up when we refused to leave the field of play.....  and since i was already having a sore throat and a running nose, the rain did not dampen my health at all....  week has been good so far with pleasant conversations and quite evenings with friends who work in liquor companies, such company always keeps my spirits high.....and these evenings are all the better for happening after loooooong work days,  life is good... as long i have friends, and some soccer in my life, i am content.
feel good now thanks to the respite, after all its been a couple of weeks since i got to play some beach soccer, with the pressures of this world taking a toll on my poor weak soul!!
i came across a baseball blog and i figured there has to be a good soccer blog around here somewhere and thats what i found, written by a arsenal fan from UK.. should be visiting it regularly Just came across this post at Caliblog, which discourses on love and marriage.
It is supposed to detoxify the system and promises a weight loss in the range of 5 to 15 Kgs.
also talked to an alumnus, who shared some gyaan about working and life.... and how he started his business......also got an invite to start a business with him ( very flattering) and would have jumped to it had i been married, still giving it a lot of thought though.....but had i a wife to support me :-) ......i wouldn't have thought twice.....after all one person in the family should have a regular income!!
But Rooney rescued England.
my fingers felt translucent, and i felt as though the sunshine was coming though into to me and i was a light, bright sunlight filled soul.
Sol Campbell had a 90th minute goal disallowed for Terry's foul on Ricardo, preventing the keeper from challenging.
surely these days must pass.
