George W. Bush is a liar.
"Whether they are defending the Soviet Union or bleating for Saddam Hussein, liberals are always against America.
Carter has actually helped people and done more than you ever have to help anyone else.
With their votes duly recorded, they went right back to attacking the war.
These are the facts: 1) President George W. Bush is a liar.
Carter has saved lives, and Coulter has caused grief.
Article III's definition of treason is narrow.
Anyway ... everytime I write SF I feel better, although it's thoroughly depressing at the same time.
This is the same bastard who ruined thousands of lives and kind of ruined the country, but he wasn't a liberal!
Coulter on the other hand, has no problem discrediting actual achievements of people based solely on the fact that she does not LIKE them, as can be seen here:  "Carter would travel to Norway to accept the award in December 2002 - two months after Congress had authorized war against Iraq.
Rove knows that any president's popularity rests more on whether voters think he's a believable and admirable leader than on the substance of issues.
Candidate Bush promised to be "a uniter, not a divider," but his foreign policies have profoundly divided the international community, isolated America and devalued her stock in the eyes of world.
The Times' Princeton-based columnist Paul Krugman has written that the administration "systematically and brazenly distorts the facts" and is "choosing and exaggerating intelligence" and "misleading the public."
When will Mr. Bush's putative opponents in government, the Democrats, decide it's time to tell it like it is?
Whatever I get in either of those classes should not matter because I'm going to retake them either in college, or in the case of the hated Calculus, I will be taking it over the summer.
I will be nothing, and nobody.
So the word is out there in different forms -- lie, lies, lying, liar.
"Trust a teacher on this.
She is, indeed, a horrible person.
Where are your liberal grenades?
