Never see her    Never talk to her.
Its funny too  Love, that is  One day your sitting out on your porch, drinking a soda (or a beer, if  your looking for that grizzled, gritty look)  And they are telling you  Yeah you could get with her  Yeah you probably could  But the question is  Why?
I'm sitting there, thinking  Take her back  Take her back  Take her back you dumb motherfucker.
i have done it  im officially part of the american workforce  and i dont feel any different  seriously it wasnt very hard, and it was kinda fun  maybe im just a geek  i really feel like i need to do something  like, im just biding my time.
normally, I would weigh these 2 options, the 2 options being  a.  staying at home; which consists of: -	watching TV -	a lot of aim  -	web surfing  -	masturbation  -	and the like and b. going to my mothers work, which would involve none of the previously described hedonistic activities, and would result in me doing crafts meant for 6 year olds to see if they would work for her "customers", but don’t forget,  today, today my friends, was different.
Too early, but I try to make it easy, she's the one doing me the favor.
did they look at this as a perfect time to  pull back in on the reigns  or so the parenting book says  i used to read those so id get a boner on the talking about sex to ur kids part   wow  how far ive come, from stories to pictures to movies  from nothing to full life with sound.
no i wouldnt say shes the prettiest girl ive ever seen  oh well then shes the prettiest one ive ever talked to  or   made small talk with  i can never seem to get into conversations with girls i like  seems like i gotta watch myself, especially when u dont know them  stay neutral on everything except a big yes on the available meter  i love how every time we talk it leads to my friend  and his lack of friendship to her  and how he blew it  or i think he did  maybe he fucked himself over  maybe not  i am not one to judge  i got a cavity filled today  they couldnt use anestetic  so it hurt  bad  i got home and ran around the block to let off all the anger that i had because the damn doctor didnt put anestetic on  and then i took a nap  tommorow is a new day  and a early one  so with it  come a new chance con ella  living on borrowed time the clock  ticks faster july has to be my favorite month  i love sleeping outside in the hammock  butt ass naked  and waking up whenever i feel like it  and then i have stuff to do, off to work  but u dont show  so i wait  overdressed and uder slept  overpaid for nothing  going back to lakeside  and seeing those kids  and hearing his i got with her in the shower story  made me remember how much i hate lakeside  its just a whole bunch of cocky rich kids  trying to one up each other  i said that that was the reason i hated lakeside girls  and kevin said he didnt hate them  and i said that was the reason  i said that because they dont hate kevin they have less time to not hate me  maybe im just jealous  fuck maybe  im am jealous  and im tired of being immature  and of my friends being mad at me  and i think i might have a new crush  but maybe  maybe i should just get drunk right now  and squash that before i start to obsess about her  and before i start asking her every weekend what shes doing  and before the awkward silences  shit  maybe ill grow up  get rich  live in a condo overlooking the city  and ill wear a bathrobe with my initials on it  and ill smoke a pipe  and i will not be loved  because i went through life looking for it and never found it  and i came back a bitter, hardened man  and i became ruthless  and i just hired hookers when i needed sex  and inside i was sad  but on the outside  you can put a gun to my head and i wont flinch  because thats how cool i am, cool under  fire  i hate it when u have to see new sides of people  when its not something u wanna know  but itll come up  i hate how i feel like shit whenever i tell a joke   and i hate that i cant accept that someone can just laaugh  i hate the shoeboxes on my floor  i hung out and went shopping with her  shes as fleety as my writing  bobbing  and weaving  not knowing,  but not showing or telling  where her pedicured toes would take her  only sure  that id be at her side  friends in the back  and then i realized  this is all a dream  she doesnt want this  im just the one she comes to for advice and to vent  i am to her what i am to every other girl  im the good friends guy  and im good friends, but nothing more  like sherman from american pie  "we had one of those, like, amazing deep conversations.
i am better look at my results i say.
remember the am90s u copped for me?
remember the mariners games?
Steve's street is set up so that there's a place that has his same address but it's a block up.
i am back, fat, and ugly as ever.
I always liked Blogger, and since they updated with all of these new features, I figured I would go back and give it a try.
By not being attached so strongly to anything, I'm really just nothing,  nothing really defines me.
Just because she laughs doesn't mean she wants to suck your dick.
I am -not responsible -lazy -irresponsible -lazy -not responsible -bad -spoiled -lazy -irresponsible  in her eyes.
his response to this was impressive as I sat there, and watched him yell at me about disrespect, laziness, how the test scores must be wrong because they say I’m smart, and to him I’m a dumb fuck I bit my lip the entire time and it bled by the end at the end of his performance he asked me Sam I’m not mad at you a single tear dripped down my cheek Sam, I’m not mad, I just want you to understand that you need to try harder.
I don't want to play football.
I have created a syndication of my Blogger account that you LJ users can subscribe to.
