i stopped at the door when i realized that's where you usually pay and no one was there.
so i tried to remind myself - you're playing a completely different game.
i get consumed and the only way out is to finish.
McWorld's culture represents a kind of soft imperialism in which those who are colonized are said to "choose" their commercial indenture.
it's ended up a visual manifestation of things left behind that i'd like to keep that way.
i still have yet to fully understand the allure of excess and i think that maybe the ancient greek oracle of delphi has further entrenched that inability, so i'll probably never arrive at a point of comprehension with that.
i come back around occasionally and hear walt's organ building up undertones and i remember driving to new york after work in the dark the night before halloween, the silver gates in front of april's apartment in chelsea, wandering the daytime city streets for camera straps and an ion charger, the knitting factory, meeting my grip at penn station, walking the nighttime city streets among the remnants of the halloween parade, how warm it was so late in october, filming in the dark for hours - i recently calculated it out and 40% of my income, after taxes and after expenses, goes into my new york city/senegal fund.
coworker mike was watching an nfbc show today about cloning.
there's this filter i put over all the images to make them look filmic - and they do - and it calms them down, too.
i'm sure i put the remote on the table because i hadn't sat down since i was in the kitchen most of the night.
i'm already pretty angry, so this kind of shit pisses me off more and i fight it by coming off as pretty aggressive.
this bitchiness on par with kat's of  ten things i hate about you  fame probably explains my single status.
so it sounds like a funereal remix in my apartment at the moment.
i have a big fetish with the great war, and no, i didn't intend the pun.
here's the first installment of several coming:  don't be long   some of you might not know, but once a long, long time ago, last november, i shot three shows the walkmen threw in one night at the knitting factory in new york city.
ah, look, it stopped: my roommate is leaving and she just turned off the tv.
These films are not rated.
fell into a fortuitous conversation with coworker sandy today.
or maybe they did only because i saw them in d. c. when they're supposed to be in new york.
i wondered if a privledging of the white skin has ended up true in the newer digital and electronic technology as well.
