I'd understand the erection if I was having a sweet sexy dream about some fine lady, but that wasn't the case last night.
There are tons of stories about ghosts.
There aren't nearly enough of them.
(totally a callback to Jack Nicholson in "The Shining")  Then they totally start to cry and beg saying they're sorry, but you know he's not going to hear it.
I was laying on my bed, watching the Pistons-Pacers game and I had to sneeze.
If you're indifferent, go make a sandwich and think about it, then get back to me.
"Hey, guys, I'm going to go to Florida when I turn eighteen.
Vicki (all monotone and roboty):  Thank you.
And, finally, here's a fun little story about how bad handwriting and the California education system can combine to make one of life's supposedly greatest moments into one of its most ridiculous and embarassing.
So,  urlLink Kobe Bryant  is going to stay with the Lakers.
And they don't have dishpan hands.
Das Village     In M. Night Shyamalan's fourth movie that's not a  urlLink shitty movie that involves Rosie O'Donnell as a homely nun who plays baseball  (I'm just guessing from the picture on the box, I had my fill of Rosie O'Donnell as a lesbian who plays baseball with  A League of Their Own ), Night (who I will refrain from referring to as Shamalamadingdong or anything like that because it's been beaten to death worse than Laci Peterson and her heathen baby) takes Joaquin Phoenix and  urlLink Opie's daughter  and drops them in the middle of a town that's full of Amish people and William Hurt's grizzly attitude and voice.
The History Channel, this weekend, decided to run a marathon of Infamous Murders for hours on end (how else do marathons go?).
*Until next week when somebody is totally maybe sleeping with somebody else.
The old Indian Chief sitting in a bed of fire in my room making copies of the Sunday comics with Silly Putty seems a little strange, but I figured that my room just got rented out.
Speaking of Ronald Reagan, I don't know if you were as floored as I was by it, but I was devastated.
Finally, realizing it's useless and that there's nothing I can do about it, I decide to cut open my chest and pinch off my esophagus before the milk can make its way into my stomach.
I'll write about that and  The Bourne Supremacy  tomorrow.
I want to hear from you bastards who haven't posted yet, too.
Or, if you want to give me money or items with which I can procure other items or abilities of another person, you can  urlLink email me .
