They twitched their heads, rotating them and moving their joints like newly oiled machines.
I felt her sharp fangs plunge into a big, fat juicy vein and for a brief spasm I shook with pain.
10 and 12, Cora and I respectively had helped Poppa on the farm, doing chores, cooking and greeting the unending river of friends stopping by in rushes of hugs, warmth and fresh bread.
I looked over to see my father rocking back and forth on the rug.
I stood up, brushing the sand from my faded trousers and shaking my limbs as a boy of 12 does.
yeah, Two female monkies doing it 14) Last movie you saw?
They had started less than a month ago, always getting more and more realistic.
She shook and tears welled up in her eyes She swallowed, and the hands unwrapped themselves Reached under the bed, to where Wesley has kept the gun I'll be home soon Wesley She said in her quiet, but firm manner.
I eyed it, and my mouth began to salivate.
Lotion!....wait wow... 3) What is the last thing you watched on TV?
His voice softened and his brillant twinkling eyes danced Embrace your new home His tanned long fingers parted and raised towards the heavens The men by this time were laughing and smiling, one had taken off his cap and flung it gallantly into the air My father!
Wesley She whispered timidly Pale thin hands wrapped up in one another Why'd you leave me here all alone?
Mahayana Buddhism (86%)   7.
Sing along to Carol Burnett's "Little GIrls" and beat your barbies while doing it (for more realistic results, throw back a coupla bottles of Vodka before) 8.)
Sweat and Sun  The record player drifted lazily, the heat radiated, created waves over the asphalt Music wafted over sweaty bodies, lolling dogs too lazy to bark, and floated up to the sun The heat hitting the music like a sledge.
To my mother I have always been a disapointment To my father I am his little girl that grew up too fast To my sister I am a sad shake of the head And to her husband I am justification for marrying the above To my friends I am a little too large to nail down to just one little board To my grandmere I am a state of constant confusion that ceases to end To my aunts and my uncles I am just an expensive passerby To my cousins I am just far too above to actually try to pry And to you, you the reader I'm full of such anger I can't seem to fall out of myself So I thank, thank the public for trying to pin me down and find me wriggle away Do I dare?
It was a cruel sense of pleasure to watch them writhe, a grim satisfaction in being in charge and safe as the wealthy lost their once beautiful bodies and minds.
She takes her small white hand, and squeezes it.
I remember so clearly tugging at a pair of bell bottoms that were too big and not right and watching as a silent tear fell down my freckled cheek.
Dirt bites at the man like an angry dog.
