He had heard their footsteps more times than he had cared when they came to collect him for their little torture sessions.
"Do you mind if I spend the night in here, Severus?"
"How's the double-crossing piece of shit murderer going.
Blood trickling from two deeps cuts, one on his abdomen and the deepest one on his right thigh.
She mentally scolded herself.
She didn't like this one bit.
"Speak for yourself, Harry.
Another day he wasn't even an afterthought to the fucking cunts who were meant to be looking out for him.
Pressing gauze to the wound on his stomach the white material was soaked in seconds and it was evident that it wasn't going to be cut out for anything.
He wished he could fall asleep with such ease.
"Want to talk about that?"
Not to you, not to anyone."
She asked defensively, her face instantly dropping.
Someone to look up to, perhaps.
Not something of this magnitude anyway.
She shakily drew herself up to her feet and sat on the bed; he followed suit.
He hated most people honestly but hated her the most.
"He's insulted me plenty of times too, but I haven't gone and tried to kill the man.
Arms folded tight across his chest and a foot tapped impatiently on the floor.
"That's the keyword there Hermione, yet.
Your heart needs to be in it, Potter.
The young girl, barely an adult had just made herself at home on the shit-heap of a bed he was so generously bestowed with and currently claimed it as her own.
She pushed and she pushed, and it hardly felt like she had budged him an inch.
It was hard work pushing this far into someone's mind when they were fighting you the entire time.
Playing the maleficent puppet master to get what he wanted, when he wanted.
Taking a deep breath to steady herself emotionally and she looked up at him.
Hope you like this chapter.
Since when did home maintenance issues pique Hermione's interest.
When I kill, I kill for a reason.
Or perhaps she didn't have an angle at all, and he was buttering her up just right and he had her exactly where he wanted her.
The crimson liquid flowed like a waterfall coming to fall like soft raindrops onto the wooden floor below.
Now back up before I make you back up."
"You don't have to be sorry.
He used you more often than not for his own ill-gotten gains.
He watched her with intent in his eyes trying to work out what angle she was coming from.
You aren't any closer to getting him to talk."
She shuddered slightly as he pushed further.
I wouldn't have wanted to come anyway.
Every cloud did have a silver lining he thought sarcastically to himself.
"Well, then you don't have to call me Miss Granger… Obviously," She mimicked him right down to the exact snark in the obviously he had added.
So, he laid, tracing circles and listening to her shallow breathing with the rise and fall of her chest.
"Well as a matter of fact, yeah, I am quite good at it, thanks.
You are right about Dumbledore.
"I know you are up here; I can sense it."
They were no closer now to getting him to crack than they were in the beginning.
Severus snorted loudly and then winced from the pain.
Memories of her crying broken-hearted over the torment at the behest of Draco Malfoy popped up and he couldn't feel a tiny bit sorry for the girl.
I wasn't very much interested in going anyway," She harrumphed, letting a short, sharp breath out of her nose indignantly.
"It wouldn't hold much merit.
She threw up another brick wall and with all her might pushed him from her mind in a panic.
"Literally he could not murder anyone twice, Ronald.
Her eyes narrowed, and face contorted into pure disgust and disbelief.
Her thoughts must have been running rampant for a while because it was all that long before he was pulling her from her revere by clearing his throat heavily.
"Granger," he snarled in a mild panic.
She knew she could bring them around but right now her main priority was Severus and seeing what became of him.
Two of my favourite people in the universe."
And in return, I end up here against my free will for a crime that Dumbledore organised, and I had little to no say in.
They would likely ostracize her that much was evident, but would she receive the same treatment he currently was?
"Hermione," Ron warned sternly as if she were in the wrong here.
A blood-curdling scream came from Snape as he writhed in the chair for a few moments before falling silent.
She watched as Harry tried to process what she had said.
She sat on the floor shaking, energy levels depleted for the copious amounts of energy and magic it took to expel him from her mind.
"Of course, I don't forget anything."
Someday he was sure Draco went out of his way to start an argument with Potter just so he could linger around him a little longer.
The hide of some people honestly.
"I can do mild wandless magic.
This was one person she wasn't expecting.
Hands smoothed over her clothes meticulously before running an open palm over her tangle of frizzed curls as if thinking something so minute would tame such a wild beast.
Not only did he have to look out for himself he had saved the hide of Harry Saint Fucking Potter on more than one occasion and look for the little prick had treated him.
She figured he was going to kill her by now, he would have done so.
He waved a hand airily over the outfit he was wearing, nose wrinkled in disgust at the offending outfit she had bestowed upon him.
"Morning," he mumbled barely audible, resting his chin on her shoulder gently not even thinking about what he was doing.
"What are you waiting for?
An air of smugness cloaked him and shrouded her, almost mocking her harshly.
The time she sent her parents away.
"After the first week, the days tend to blur into one another and before you know it, you have almost forgotten what month you are in."
"Perhaps we all have our limits.
Of course, he was grateful for the show and the effort she went to finding him something to wear but it just wasn't him.
An uneasiness swam in the depths and she couldn't put her finger on if it is perhaps he had a worry in them mingling with villainous intent.
"I'll get your robes cleaned and washed up for you.
Something we could only both dream of."
He waved a hand casually, dismissing her.
"To what do I owe the pleasure of your premature visit on the otherwise miserable and uninteresting day?
"And you don't have to call me Professor Snape, Miss Granger.
He wouldn't mind betting that under that sweet, innocent exterior Hermione Granger had a darker witch beneath that was just fighting to come out.
The last thing she needed was not only telling them she was up there with him but to go calling him by his first name in front of the two of them and have their suspicions grow.
About as dangerous as a Niffler, she thought to herself, amused.
Great at manipulating every single person he could.
Robes were starting to become tatty looking and she couldn't help but feel a pang of guilt.
She had patched Severus up the best she could, cleaning the blood from the wounds and bandaging the wounds that were left behind.
"You remember what you have to do, Hermione?"
"I'm hardly going to take the life of a child, Remus.
He asked gently as he sat beside her on the bed.
Lip curling back, he snarled low in his throat angrily at her.
And if you can't accept that, well I am sorry Harry, but I think we better part ways."
The person doing the stepping seemed hesitant, perhaps worried by something.
Her name liked acid on his tongue.
She leant sideways, resting her head on his pillow, eyelids heavy with the need for sleep.
"And murdering is obviously one of those you are a master of."
"You can't be the stereotypical cookie-cutter genius that you seem to see yourself as all the time, Hermione.
