Blaise asked the brunette "There's nothing to take care of."
Draco asked sincerely as he looked at her face in the mirror.
"I just need you, Hermione."
"What our companion here meant to say was, who are you?"
Once the rules were in place the prefects left and Hermione and Draco were left in the compartment alone.
"What was that crash then?"
Well I hope they all made it safely.
Marcus asked as he crossed his arms.
Yes tomorrow is a weekend, but usually Dumbledore has a mission for you two to go on.
I would think I would notice and remember a beauty such as yourself."
A lot of angry girlfriends gave Hermione the death eye as she took away their boyfriends attention.
"Who are you and what have you done with Hermione Kronor?!"
Relaxing just a little, Draco was happier to know that it wasn't constant that she was treated that way.
Draco shrugged as he walked over to his balcony and opened the doors letting the cold night air soothe his flushed body.
She was a human and a girl before now too.
Hermione said as she silently closed her door.
Hermione said with a wink while she stood up and walked the short distance over to him and stood in front of him.
Adrian said as he turned back to the compartment after Hermione disappeared off the train.
Hermione asked firmly as she continued to look at the house elf.
"WHAT DID YOU DO TO MY HAIR?!"
Hermione said as she started piling food onto her plate.
Draco was still sitting on the bench with his shirt open and he was running a hand through his hair.
You can cause havoc in here, but once you step outside those doors your housemates are the only people who give a damn about you and everyone protects everyone outside that wall.
Draco she's the reason the war was won!
Hermione said as she looked at everyone that was circling her.
Theo and Blaise could be heard in the kitchen laughing trying to keep it quiet.
"Well I know that, but now we can date her and no one will judge!"
"It's a combination of our middle names."
Well that's if you even still have it."
I am very capable of taking care of myself."
"Let us show you that you can trust us and let us into your life, Minx."
We're Slytherins, remember."
His standards are much higher than you."
They all are practically just little kittens."
Blaise said as he chuckled at the girl in his arms who still had hers crossed and was glaring in the direction the boy went.
"Will you at least give me a hint?"
Blaise carefully opened the door and what was on the other side was a shock to all of the occupants both in and out of the room.
Theo asked as he saw Draco's open shirt and saw the marks running down his chest.
McGonagall asked as she looked at Hermione.
Blaise didn't realize what his deep chuckle had done to her.
Hermione asked confused still.
Ron said as he went to kiss her.
She was able to narrow it down to the trunk and bed when the person in the closet sneezes and out came tumbling one Adrian Puecy.
Scared, Ron ran over and grabbed Hermione dragging her with him as he ran through the hallway.
Hermione said as she walked to her room.
You changed your look and your body.
You've stood this whole time."
She caught herself running her eyes down his face and down his torso until it stopped at the counter.
Stopping, Draco turned around and clenched his jaw shut at what he saw.
Theo asked angrily "Well, at least she also hit Draco so you're not alone."
Draco flinched inside when she called him by his last name again.
Minerva said as she rambled on neither woman noticing Draco's shocked look behind them.
"Unless torture and punishment turns you on princess, I would loose that habbit."
"I could've asked someone."
Hermione said as she threw her hair over her shoulder so it was out of the way of her food.
That bastard won't fuck muggle-borns.
"Actually she made the first move on the train remember?
Adrian said as he walked up to her.
'How'd you even get in here?"
Pansy immediately dropped Hermione's shoe and Hermione felt her heel banging against the concrete.
"Like something you see?"
I hope you continue to enjoy my stories.
Everything seemed to be in place and nothing appeared to be missing.
Draco asked as he looked at his cousin standing in his commons, in his school, holding a knife against Hermione.
Draco said as he stepped to the side of the portrait and glared at Ron.
"Your eyes are beautiful."
Your Head of House is Professor Snape and it is his delighted duty to take points away from other houses and grant points to ours.
Adrian said with a huff, but a smile on his face as he gave a small laugh.
"Oh now we can't be having that."
"She's not going anywhere."
Climbing out of her bed, Draco fixed his slacks and strolled out of her room after her.
Adrian said as he lifted his head up and let his arm fall outwards.
Hermione said as she started playing with Draco's hair.
Theo said as he looked at her.
She had landed on Draco Malfoy.
Draco said as he tried to think of what she was going to say before they were interrupted.
Blaise and Adrian went to either side of the portrait while Theo and Draco stood side by side ready to face the noise head on.
Listen here, Malfoy, and listen well.
Hermione said as she started fulfilling the role of a Slytherin.
Draco said to the wall when Hermione finished.
Pansy spun Hermione around and actually started taking measurements and mumbled to herself incoherently.
"So what you're telling me is that you all can give her the same thing except one thing that is special to you and her?"
You are no friend of mine.
He hadn't heard that kind of yell since his second year when she yelled at Weasly for not listening to her.
Hermione said as she looked the elf in the eyes.
"Oh, and what if I don't?"
I don't even know where my lunatic of an uncle lives!
If anything she's tried to do has anything to say about it then I'm most certainly lucky."
"How am I supposed to remember what dimwit patrols what day?"
Hermione questioned as she looked around her room.
Hermione brushed off her green halter top and pulled it down so it fully covered her bra since Pansy had messed it up.
McGonagall was surprised at the way Hermione was talking to her and she looked like she wanted to cry.
Mitsy has been an elf to the house since waiting for an heir or heiress.
The guys looked like they were wanting to shag her if their eyes demolishing her body had anything to do with it while the girls looked extremely jealous minus Luna and Ginny.
Hermione's hair fell down in soft cascading waves to the small of her back.
"Don't like what, Malf-hmph!"
"Uh oh…" Said Draco and Adrian as they looked at each other and then back at the pair in front of them.
"I think it's safe to say that we did interrupt something."
Hermione asked as he looked confused.
Apparently she only passed a few weeks ago."
