"Oh, I'm muggle born, and my father was a dentist, so it just seemed to fit perfectly for me to take the post.
Hermione promptly pulled the telephone book out of the desk drawer to see if she could find a listing for her parents.
When we came back we had you, and told everyone you were born in Italy.
I will go see Professor McGonagall, I am sure she will have some idea how to help me or where to start at.
"Yes, I am" said Hermione cautiously.
They had set up a dental practice and she was glad to see it was in Sydney and only a few blocks away.
I assume you are here to restore their memories?"
Mrs. Grainger was quite pleased with how clean the house was when they walked in.
At least she knew they were ok and had been watched over.
/span/strong/p p style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; margin: 0in 0in 6pt; background-image: initial; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;"strongspan style="font-family: 'Courier New';""What will you do now, knowing you, you will want to find out where you came from if you can" her father asked her as her mother wiped her eyes with a handkerchief./span/strong/p p style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; margin: 0in 0in 6pt; background-image: initial; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;"strongspan style="font-family: 'Courier New';""Yes, I plan to start as soon as I am back in London.
Maybe it will be able to help you sort it all out."
He grabbed some chips and candy bars and a can of soda and dug in.
"Let's go into the office, my husband is already there", she continued as she went around the counter and towards the back of the office.
she handed the photo and letter to her Mother, watching her face closely.
They would be busy with patients.
her Father said with tears in his own eyes./span/strong/p p style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; margin: 0in 0in 0.0001pt; background-image: initial; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;"span style="font-size: 11.0pt; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';" /span/p p style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; margin: 0in 0in 6pt; background-image: initial; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;"strongspan style="font-family: 'Courier New';"Hermione sat back in stunned silence.
"I...yes, yes...I didn't know the Ministry was watching my parents.
They were handed keys and headed to the elevators.
It was best not to try anything this early in the day.
They soon all settled in the living room.
It was a cozy home with a large guest room for them to share.
I planned to give it to you when we told you.
He seemed to be enjoying the Muggle snacks.
He nodded at her as if to give her permission to talk about it./span/strong/p p style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; margin: 0in 0in 0.0001pt; background-image: initial; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;"span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Courier New';" /span/p p style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; margin: 0in 0in 0.0001pt; background-image: initial; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;"strongspan style="font-family: 'Courier New';""I am sure you must be full of questions about all of this, and I can't blame you.
He was like a kid in a candy shop.
Everything was spotless, and she found Winky to be quite charming.
So whenever you are ready to return we can.
They both relaxed and followed her into another café that was marked with an owl, outside it looked filthy but inside was a book shop and tea and coffee shop that had a cozy fireplace and mismatched couches and chairs, and felt very British.
Soon, her father was there with his arms around both of them and they all stood together, embracing for a long while.
She got up and went over to her parents and hugged them close to her.
Both immediately had their hands on their wands as the pivoted to look at the young woman.
"My name is Emmeline Bagnold, you can call me Emie.
The letter was pinned to your clothes.
Now no one would hear them at all.
It's still there in the old house.
He stared at the large king size bed with the lush headboard and then blushed, this would be the first time they had shared a bed.
They both grabbed hold when told by the travel Witch who had called their names.
They were taken aback by the utter danger their only child had been in, however they also admired her bravery and strength to get through it all.
They updated her parents on the events of the last year.
"Hello, where might I find the nearest muggle hotel?
We actually went away for a long Holiday, over a year.
How would she be able to find her biological family?
A few death eaters did come snooping around but I was able to ward them off easily, and that was months ago.
Her mother's face went pale and solemn when she looked at them.
Ron talked Hermione into them flying home with her parents as he had never been on a plane.
It had been over a year since she had seen her family and friends.
Once the door was closed she felt a change she recognized as the muffaleto spell.
"Dafts a ood pwan" he said his mouth full.
They saw a large booth set up in the center of the lobby that said "Information" in magic letters across the tops that changed languages as it moved around, so that at least 5 languages were visible at one time.
It was a necklace; I don't remember exactly what was on it.
Ron of course got hungry again so they sought out one of the hidden wizarding restaurants they had been told about.
I was muggle born and I wanted to stay in one and show my boyfriend what its like" she asked smiling her brightest smile.
They only needed to take their clothes and things as their home in London was already furnished.
Ron of course was ogling everything, so much so that Hermione had to elbow him in the ribs to get him to relax.
They stayed in the room for a while and got their things put away and showed Ron Muggle to, he has fascinated, seems he had some of his dads curiosity for muggle things.
"They are giving us all this?"
So we decided to keep you.
They also seemed to know a great deal about us.
They stayed like that for several minutes.
We planned to tell you years ago, then Hogwarts happened and all the problems with Voldemort.
she said as she sat down on the bed where Ron was devouring his snacks.
Inside the locket it held no pictured but had the initials, W. A.L.
I had a house elf friend, Winky clean the house while we are here.
She returned with a small velvet box and placed it in Hermione's hand./span/strong/p p style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; margin: 0in 0in 6pt; background-image: initial; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;"span style="font-size: 11.0pt; font-family: 'Calibri','sans-serif';" /span/p p style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; margin: 0in 0in 6pt; background-image: initial; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;"strongspan style="font-family: 'Courier New';" Hermione took a deep breath and opened the box.
Mrs. Grainger did not want her daughter to stay anywhere else but under their roof.
"If you leave the lobby main entrance, and take a right and go to the end of the block there are two very nice ones not far one closest is the Amora and a few blocks north is the Shangri-La.
/span/strong/p p style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; margin: 0in 0in 6pt; background-image: initial; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;"strongspan style="font-family: 'Courier New';""W.
A Tooth Shape sign swung slightly.
We wanted to have children, but were just not able too.
Hermione asked, still a bit in shock.
I will use a calming charm on them most likely just to make it easier to reverse their memories.
she whispered as she got close.
Hermione sank into her and cried as well.
She took a deep breath as they entered the office and the door chimed.
/span/strong/p p style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; margin: 0in 0in 0.0001pt; background-image: initial; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;"span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Courier New';" /span/p p style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; margin: 0in 0in 0.0001pt; background-image: initial; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;"strongspan style="font-family: 'Courier New';""We literally found you on our doorstep wrapped in the blanket in the basket.
/span/strong/p p style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; margin: 0in 0in 6pt; background-image: initial; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;"strongspan style="font-family: 'Courier New';""I know you meant no harm in not telling me.
We had told no one of our issues getting pregnant.
Their rooms were on the 7th floor.
Behind her Hermione saw her mother.
Until Ron cleared his throat to break the tension.
Emie was smiling broadly at them, she was glad to see the spell had worked.
Quickly, while neither of her parents were looking directly at them.
Emie seemed quite relaxed as they chatted about her time with her parents; she seemed to like them quite a lot.
I love you" she said choking up as all the emotion washed over her.
Her mind swirled with dozens of thoughts.
So with hesitation she performed the bonding ceremony to make Winky her parent's own house elf.
He saw the min fridge and went to open it.
Also while travelling here in Sydney look for this Symbol," she handed them a travel map that showed a logo on it that was a Circle with an outline of an Owl, that appeared to be sitting on a branch but looking closer you could see it was a wand.
Her Mum and Dad both dropped their heads as though asleep.
It was a beautiful Sapphire and Diamond Locket on a delicate chain.
She also now had an easy way in and would be able to reverse the magic she had placed on them.
She smiled a warm smile at them./span/strong/p p style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; margin: 0in 0in 0.0001pt; background-image: initial; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;"span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Courier New';" /span/p p style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; margin: 0in 0in 0.0001pt; background-image: initial; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;"strongspan style="font-family: 'Courier New';""Hello, I'm Dr. Penny Dalton.
It was not a lifelong amount of money but enough to keep her quite comfortable as she settled into being an adult and working.
She pulled her wand out and focused as she took a deep breath and performed the memory reversing spell.
Winky cried with joy afterward and Mrs. Grainger insisted she wear a very simple dress that was clean and soft.
When things got heavy with Voldemort last year, and you sent your parent's away, Headmistress McGonagall requested the Ministry send someone along to keep an eye on them just in case.
But, how did you know anything about the Muggle world?"
"We can go about the time they close up.
Ron and Hermione froze in their tracks.
They followed her to a corner that was vacant and sat down on a couch, while the young witch sunk into a large chair.
