He yanked on the door and Hermione doubled down to hold it closed.
"That's a dumb way of going about it.
He stood from his chair, a single, fluid movement that surprised Hermione; He'd always had a certain finesse, but the way he moved now was quicker, more elegant even.
She held him for so long, their faces inches apart, that she thought her shoulders would give in under the strain.
Seeing Draco for the first time in over a year had brought back so many memories, and it wasn't until she was behind a solid oak door that she finally let out the painful, deep breath she'd been holding all night.
She set to work assessing him for wounds.
"Draco's… well, he's not right , but you certainly shouldn't go storming into a vampire coven all by yourself with no information."
"He's going to bleed out slowly, and then when he wakes, he'll be so incredibly thirsty that he'll kill anything in his path.
"We have to call an Order meeting," Hermione said to Harry, her tone serious, whilst the two men continued to make petulant faces at one another.
"I can't think with you hovering and shouting in my ear.
"Draco, you've been scouting Desdemona on Sanguini's orders?
They stared at one another for what felt like forever.
"I've faced worse than a muggle vampire," he argued, flipping the collar on his cloak over his neck.
Draco tutted, dragging their attention from one another to him.
Her curls bounced over her shoulder and even though she felt Harry swat them away, Hermione ignored him and focused on Draco.
Harry's face split into a small, lopsided smile; the one he always wore when Theo's name came up in conversation.
She sat down after a few minutes of bustling about and cupped her mug between both hands.
Turning my cousin into a vampire."
He's never left Little Whinging before."
"It wouldn't be the first time he's played two sides."
Now that the night had settled, she was slammed by the reminder that she hadn't seen him since just after he turned.
"Not in the… traditional sense."
There were so many layers to his stare and she felt her throat constrict around a tight knot.
"You're famous," Hermione reminded him with a hand placed to the center of his chest.
"I'm Gawain's inside man with the vampires, obviously."
Go and find out from Draco what you can."
Harry stared at her for a long moment, released a huff, and stomped out of the infirmary with the door slamming behind him.
She knew he could rip himself away at any moment, but she was not letting him get through that door without a fight.
Hermione closed her eyes and chewed on her bottom lip.
She rushed over to it and lifted it from the hob; it was cold to the touch.
We have to work out how to respond to it."
Allowing herself a thick swallow, Hermione ducked her chin.
"But why does she want me involved?
Hermione chased after him, aware that Draco was following them, but ignoring him.
You're the one who decided to go vigilante from the Aurors; if you want to be privy to all the Ministry information, you made the wrong choice."
"Who'd want to be friends with him?"
"Right, so, where do we keep him?"
Draco, in all his infinite wisdom , she thought sarcastically, laughed.
"I couldn't get past her guards, so I don't know much about her.
He breathed through his nose, lifted his hands to hers and gently pried them away from his scratchy face.
She shook her head, pulling herself from his allure.
"Or, it's genius because it means you'll get involved for your family."
"Would you two please knock it off!
"But how does she know that?"
"I have very good reasons not to trust the Ministry."
Lips raised in a smirk, Draco took obvious pleasure in catching her off guard.
"Sweet Salazar, has Robards not told you anything of value?"
"That's a spectacularly stupid idea."
At the mention of Theo's name, Harry stopped struggling against Hermione's hold and his hand fell from the doorknob.
Hermione watched the planes of Draco's throat constrict.
"Well, he—" Harry started, but she silenced him with a look.
Just… I'll do what I can and I'll update you as soon as he's stable.
Her fortress is overrun by them."
And I swear to Morgana herself that if you're turned into a vampire, I will stake you through the heart."
I'm going to her compound and I'm going to stab her in the heart with my wand."
Hermione grabbed at his arm and held him in place.
"Why isn't Gawain interested in her?"
She swatted Harry out of the way.
Sure, his complexion was lighter than before he'd been turned, but even the vampires she'd come across in the field were blanched or sallow, and he was neither of those things.
Hermione lifted her chin and met his stare with her own.
"Right, Draco," Harry said through gritted teeth, as he shouldered a large portion of his cousin's weight, "you're invited into the bloody house.
Harry stood up abruptly and summoned his cloak with a simple flick of his wand.
Down the hall from the war room was the medical area, which was bigger inside than one would ever have thought from the outside.
"We need a plan and everyone needs to be brought up to speed."
Draco managed a slight lift of his lips and a shrug of one shoulder.
The hand she didn't have planted on Harry's chest moved to the door and she pressed all her weight into it so that he couldn't fling it open.
Hermione shot the same look she'd used on Harry at him, but Draco merely raised his eyebrows in amusement.
"Not if said family abused me for years."
Nothing, and you know it."
I'm a vampire, and you have to invite me in or else I can't help."
She visibly sagged in her chair.
"As if you could…" As they carried on with their typical, incessant bickering, Hermione grew more and more agitated.
"If I have to hear about any more of your bloody scars, I'll eat you myself."
Draco didn't help matters when he snorted in response.
He tapped it several times with his wand, brought it to his lips and whispered, his eyes on Draco the entire time.
Hermione's fingers ran over the wounds on Dudley's neck.
Draco straightened his arms and rolled up the cuffs of his sleeves to the elbow, revealing long, pale and unblemished skin.
Harry snorted and then sipped his coffee.
She startled, and brought his face into focus.
She shouldn't have felt as relieved as she did, but her shoulders still sagged as the worry over one of the night's problems evaporated.
"He can't… he's…" "A vampire," Draco spat, lips curled down.
"The hell was he doing all the way up in Nottingham?
She glanced at Harry questioningly.
There was no magical seal on the wounds as one would see with a vampire like Sanguini — a former wizard.
Draco was making her just as nervous.
"Sanguini is more covert with his turns."
Though every vampire is young to him."
It was surprisingly hard to look Draco in the eyes.
Harry shrugged and mussed his hair.
I'm not a muggle or a vampire.
Hermione sprung from the table and grabbed his arm.
Draco's eyes snapped to Harry, and Hermione was relieved to no longer be on the receiving end of his intense gaze.
She tried to stop the bleeding with magic, but the wounds kept reopening.
She rushed to Harry and placed her hands on his face — hard, grounding — and forced him to look into her eyes, even as he struggled against it.
And yet, there he stood on their front doorstep with Harry's bleeding cousin in his arms.
"Hermione," he growled her name, but she refused to back down.
After all these years, and everything they'd been through together, she couldn't quite bring herself to see what his eyes might hold for her.
"Well, that's probably why he didn't tell me."
Perhaps it was infinite wisdom, after all.
She rolled her eyes at him.
