It'll make you feel better."
Firedagger wasn't one for physical affection, really.
"The firs' years, Professor McGonagall," Hagrid said.
She exclaimed, just noticing something was missing, "Where's your trunk?"
"Well, it seems like she passed on her hatred of magic to her husband and son," Harry stated.
Oblivious to the fact that Harry was giving him a cold shoulder, he continued on, "I'm glad you're sitting with us Gryffindors and all, but why are you sitting with the squib rather than with me?"
Professor Flitwick answered after a moment of thought, "You should probably take the muggle culture course, as you have ample knowledge on wizarding culture already."
He heard an unfamiliar voice say, before a potions vial was placed on his lips, "Drink up!"
-o-o- As they were approaching Hogwarts, Hermione finally broke the silence.
Professor Flitwick had said that he would ask Firedagger to see if something of this nature had ever occurred before.
It seemed that their parents and older siblings had not told them.
Where had his plans gone wrong?
"No one cares what you think, mudblood," the other girl sneered.
But despite that, August flew by.
"No," Harry frowned, "He was raised by his wizarding side of the family, otherwise he never would have gone to Hogwarts.
At the Headmaster's furious face he continued, "I imagine that you are quite worried about hiring a new history teacher.
As a half-goblin, he had retained his ties to the goblin realm in secret.
Now though, he was in charge of the accounts and nothing Dumbledore could do or say would change that.
"There," he said, "Now we won't be overheard."
"Yes, yes," Dumbledore replied, "Just escort him up after your last class."
Regarding your guardian's requirements, I would like to meet with you and your guardian in person at a time and place of your choosing to clarify them.
Excitedly, he realized that it was his eleventh birthday!
Although I think everyone knows who you are."
"Why didn't you tell me you were the Harry Potter?"
I've read all the course books so far at least three times each.
-o-o- Once alone in the dorm room, Anthony allowed himself to show his true feelings about Harry Potter.
How on earth did he know that Dumbledore had been pocketing the history teacher's salary?
Still, Harry stayed alert the entire class period.
Dumbledore shook his head as he remembered how easily Dippet had bought his excuses.
Professor Binns said, his lecture interrupted, "I teach facts and facts only.
she exclaimed excitedly, "5 points for Ravenclaw, Miss Granger!
But the other branches of transfiguration goblins simply had no practical use for.
My mind feels so much clearer already.
Speaking of his grand entry to the wizarding world, where was his letter from Hogwarts?
Deciding to further rile Malfoy up, Harry exclaimed, "Oh!
Anthony couldn't wait to report back to his parents.
Hermione exclaimed half an hour later.
At the end, it would be up to whatever was sorting him to decide.
"You'll do no such thing to the poor bird!"
Smiling at their agape faces, Harry realized that the rest of the Great Hall was starting to leave.
Originally they were invented to cure goblin hangovers, but a goblin potion-maker had recently altered the potion recipe to purge potions as well.
"Stop toying with the boy," the raspy voice said, "Take the stone, stun him again, and get out of Dumbledore's domain."
Last time I checked, he was prepping a team of warriors to come charging over here," Professor Flitwick said, getting up.
Madam Pomfrey questioned.
Well, rather they ate while Harry bolted down his food in hopes of getting presents sooner.
Today was not a good day for Albus Dumbledore.
I would apologize for the cliff hanger ending, but I wouldn't really mean it... so...
In reality, all those funds went straight into Dumbledore's pockets.
-o-o- Firedagger knew that he would definitely miss Harry.
Harry knew that, from his limited knowledge of how the sorting worked, that they would be sorted soon.
"I'm sorry, Headmaster, but I am unable to speak to you without my guardian present and a 72 hour written notice," Harry replied, his tone hard, "Furthermore, you are to stop addressing me so informally and address me as Mr.
They had floated through the wall into the room, and were discussing someone by the name of Peeves.
However, due to clauses in the rules for inheritance for the Slytherin and Ravenclaw lines, Harry wouldn't be able to become head of house until he turned 14.
I might have to split it into two chapters, depending on length.
"So you're Neville Longbottom?"
Thanks to his goblin heritage, Harry of course had no idea how they were going to sorted, but he thought that those of wizarding heritage might have some clue.
As Dumbledore had previously been in charge of them (up until that morning when he claimed the head of house rings), he had been unable to even glance at them.
You had no intention of giving it back to young Harry did you?
-o-o- Once they arrived at the library, Hermione was stunned for a moment by the sheer enormity of the books in the library.
Subconsciously, Firedagger immediately had his dagger out and ready for a fight before he realized that it was just a memory.
You're the guy who threw a tantrum at his eleventh birthday party because he only received 103 presents!"
I kept writing and rewriting that scene at the end there with Professor Snape.
With that, Harry stepped to the side and started browsing the books.
No matter, Harry thought as he stretched, it will come when it comes and fretting about it won't change a thing.
", the boats set off across the lake.
"What exactly is going on here?"
With that, she launched into a lecture about the basics of transfiguration theory before passing around matches and instructing them to turn them into needles.
Just then, he caught a glimpse of the clock.
Harry nearly choked on his food.
Hermione cried out desperately, her entire world view being torn into shreds while she desperately tried to cling on, "He defeated the dark wizard Grindelwald, he worked with Nicholas Flamel, and most importantly of all, he's the headmaster of Hogwarts!
It wasn't actually conjuration per se."
Glad to see you finally came over to the light side!"
"Ah, yes," Dumbledore smiled, "I just merely wanted to chat with young Mr. Potter about what had happened during History of Magic this morning."
"Well then, how do you have one?"
Unless... there were more of those vile things out there?
There was no need to sit around in a classroom for which there was no teacher for.
Quirrell scanned the surroundings for signs of magical defenses, but his scans came up empty.
Whether or not there was a threat at Hogwarts.
"I asked one of the upper years, and the schedule for the first years is always the same every year.
After realizing that the boy had left the classroom, Dumbledore called out, "Mr. Potter!
When I first started this, I never thought that so many people would actually read my work.
Professor Snape seemed almost... disappointed that he did not react, but continued calling out attendance anyway.
Harry pulled out his dagger from the sheath where it rested, "That's the conduit for goblin magic.
Sharpblade had given him a multi-purpose tool that he had forged himself, saying, "For when you inevitably get in trouble".
They arrived at the station with time to spare.
-o-o- A/N: A shorter chapter than normal, but I felt it would be important to start to hint about some of Dumbledore's motivations.
Noticing that it had a Hogwarts seal on it, Harry broke the seal and read the letter, nodding contently when he finished reading.
However, a fierce glare from Harry was all it took to keep the less brave ones, or the smarter ones, depending on your perspective, away.
Sighing, the professor got up out of his chair and hurried down to the Great Hall.
Harry had replied, "Of course it won't be easy, but I'll never be able to forgive myself if I don't at least try."
According to Filius, the mediwitch at Hogwarts had said that Harry would be waking up sometime today.
s." Seeing that everyone was paying rapt attention to her, she lectured as she turned her desk into a pig and back with a flick of her wand, "Transfiguration is a very dangerous subject.
-o-o- During dinner, Harry and Hermione sat next to Neville.
As they were finishing up breakfast, Professor Flitwick interrupted a particularly harsh interrogation from a fifth year as he passed out the class schedules.
Harry raised an eyebrow at that last pronouncement.
His mouth opened almost subconsciously.
How could he salvage his plans?
When Dumbledore had threatened to fire him, Filius just smirked and said that he would need the Board's approval first before quickly departing the office.
The wizarding government strongly disagreed with this punishment and the two nations went to war.
"Not a problem, not a problem.
