The other prefects nodded to that.
A small smile appeared on Daphne's face, and she relaxed deeper into his embrace.
'We made front news again,' she said, and pointed with her finger to a photo of the two of them during their opening dance that covered almost half of the front page.
'Mum, dad, Harry and his wife are here!'
she mouthed to him, unnoticed by the Flints.
I've always depended on Hermione with my homework, but it looks like she'll has enough on her plate with her own problems this year.
'Witness interview; Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, September eleventh, nineteen-ninety-eight.'
Let me think about it, I'm sure I'll find someone else you can ask.'
'They're not yet ripe for decision, but I'll make sure you'll be the first one to know when they are,' Daphne replied sweetly.
The officiator began the ceremony.
Harry realised that it must be later than he had thought: there were no more students in the hallways; the only ones they met were the sixth year Ravenclaw prefects on patrol.
The next second their lips met, and they forgot everything around them.
He didn't elaborate any further, but looked onto the sea, lost in his memories.
Daphne regarded Harry with a strange expression in her eyes when he walked to her.
'Honestly, I wouldn't have an idea how to do that.'
You've planned this,' he mouthed to her.
He grabbed her by her upper arm, and hauled her off her seat.
The decision isn't made yet.
'Please, get the custard, Ginny,' she told her daughter.
You don't stop at nothing to get your way; you proved that again this morning when you sabotaged my potion.'
Percy was rather surprised by that.'
Their first trip lead them on a well maintained path around the small island.
Also, I'd love to have another year at school with Tori.'
But then the shadows of his last victims emerged from his wand: Cedric, an old man, Bertha Jorkins, and then…' He couldn't go on, and buried his head in her chest.
His heart pounded when he rang the doorbell.
'After all, teenage boys are supposed to think with their dicks.
It should help the first years to find their way around Hogwarts, but since we divide them into teams of four, with one member from each of the houses, it should also help them to overcome the house boundaries.
'Well, balach , as a member of the Wizengamot you'll have to attend the meetings regularly.
The latter part was addressed to their whole group of friends, and he finished his little speech with a meaningful side glance at the many strained ears in their vicinity.
'I'm not sure, I was rather distressed.
'Who were the last persons who talked to Mr Sprout?
His stomach gave an uncomfortable quiver.
Together, the group of friends walked out of the Great Hall to get their books for their morning classes.
I bet that elf is the Secret Keeper.'
'When I turned up at her doorstep, she let me pay for that.
'I will,' came Ernie's answer.
I always said they were my real family.'
'Oh, that's wonderful news,' Daphne exclaimed.
I imagine they all are rotating in their graves right now that I, of all people, have become Head of House Black, and represent the family on the Wizengamot.
'Maybe you can talk to the Heads of Houses who has been missing during the game.
When they finally returned to their lounge, Morag and Ernie, Luna and Dean and Fabian Vaisey and Miles Bletchley with their dates joined them.
Considering the faithfulness you showed towards Ginny during our time on the run – I saw you how you watched her dot on the Marauder's Map night for night!
'Yes, that's as long as being megahorny doesn't fall under the definition of being forced,' Daphne agreed with an impish grin.
'I resent that, Potter,' his wife said and gave him a slight pat on the arm.
But ever since he had found out about all of his other obligations, he wasn't so sure about his first career choice anymore.
In spite of how far they had come in their relationship in the three months of their marriage, Daphne still harboured traces of insecurity when it came to the girls who had played a role in his life before their hasty marriage, especially Hermione.
He gave her a kiss and then plopped down beside her with a huge yawn.
By the composed, yet polite look on Daphne's face Harry could tell that she didn't enjoy it at all, and he sent her what he hoped to be an encouraging smile.
'Since a couple of days he tries to look like everyone he sees.
'Thank you for being that open with me, love.'
Skeeter's lawyer made his point as soon as order was restored.
I felt much better after that and didn't think twice about it until I got ready for bed and Daphne saw the bruise on my ribcage.
'We were both rather drunk when that happened,' Harry continued the tale.
'I'm sure we won't starve,' he replied dryly.
Daphne sat down beside him, leaning back against his chest.
'Harry, have you been drinking?'
I'm Muggle raised myself, and had a couple of spectacular outbursts when I was a kid that freaked my relatives to no end.
Ron and Dean nodded to that, and so did Ernie and Terry, to Harry's surprise.
He put his arms around her.
Their friends were next, and they all gave more or less the same account of the Quidditch game, except for Luna.
'I was thinking along the lines of some pub grub and a couple of beers, but then I heard that bloke at the table next to mine molesting a young woman.
'Quiet, or I will have the courtroom cleared of visitors.'
'In her room, and crying, I suppose,' his wife replied with a sigh.
'I've come to the conclusion that I'll help my relatives.'
'Do you mind if I visit them this morning?
He's always been kind of the laughing stock of the family.
'I don't want things to change.
I'll help you to get through the barrier and onto platform 9 ¾.'
Before Daphne knew what happened, the tiny Kneazle had slipped out of her hands and jumped on the cushioned bench, right beside Crookshanks, and sniffed at the paws of the huge half-Kneazle.
Harry exchanged a look with his wife.
Maybe you should issue another press statement that explains that we're going to sue everyone who sends us a Howler, and that I'm not going to appear at the court hearings that result out of that.
Can we go up to our room?'
Daphne's eyes darkened at that, and Harry realised that he had just confirmed her worst fears.
He caught her hand and pressed a kiss into her palm.
'I'd hate to come between you and one of your oldest friends.
'And may I call you Tori?
'I'll get back to you for that on your wedding ball, Lisa!'
The blonde and the raven head bent over the ledger.
I'll tell her to look into the Potter family tree and send invitations to all relatives that are still alive.
'That … that was not what I expected.'
'I had nothing to do with that; Daphne did all of the brewing,' Harry protested.
He dropped a kiss on Daphne's head and swung his legs over the edge of the sofa to get up.
MY Harry was very pleased with himself when he returned from his appointment.
Percy returned to his office, and Justin had to be at Hogwarts for a date he had planned with Susan.
It sounded as if someone was going to open the door and look who was laughing their arse off in front of the compartment.
We're going to make that regular and you're welcome to join us.'
'Of course,' she agreed, flashing him a smile.
She threw her arms around his neck and hugged him tightly.
Daphne rolled her eyes, but relented.
Her voice sounded hoarse, and even though she glared at him, her eyes shone much too bright.
'I'm sure your union is a match made in heaven!'
'Definitely not,' Harry agreed, and dropped a kiss on her head.
His wife gave him a sharp side glance.
Harry and Ernie exchanged an uneasy glance, both shifting in their seats.
'Daphne, Harry, over here!'
He rose from his seat to conclude the meeting.
That's why he didn't meet with Hermione before Transfiguration.
He put his arm around her shoulder and bent towards her.
There was no way he could keep this under wraps: Headmistress McGonagall's new policy demanded that he reported the incident to her.
However, how would she take to what else he planned on doing?
