Either way, right now, Peter was in trouble.
Well, it wasn't as simple as that, Harry knew.
Yes, of course, it was granted that they wouldn't treat Harry like a son, for which she was partially grateful considering how the Dursleys own offspring had turned out.
The name's James Potter."
The only thing Harry felt anything resembling attachment to was the flowers he'd spent so long nurturing, the spiders, and perhaps even his cupboard, to a certain extent.
YOU KILLED THEM, YOU KILLED JAMES AND LILY, DEATH EATER!"
No one paid attention to the three-toed rat that limped weakly away from the scene, exhausted.
The boy looked around desperately, hoping that Vernon Dursley had made good on his promise and would not try and seek Harry out.
And don't call me that, you filthy Death Eater!
Either the man had an iron grip over his emotions, or he was just painfully oblivious.
It actually tasted quite sour, come to think of it.
It would be a distraction for Liam, and I've considered leaving him with your sister, Petunia Dursley, and her family, if, of course, you would be willing?"
We're on a tight schedule, y'see, we really need to pick Liam up…" Ignoring Vernon's indigent squawks, James craned his head, looking around presumably for Harry.
"Why did you do it, Peter?"
He was a small, unassuming thing, in comparison to his twin counterpart who was all big bones and confident stature.
He was shocked and confused, blinking to make sure he wasn't imagining it, but it was his name, yes, but…The Cupboard Under The Stairs?
The library itself was old and dusty and all the shelves were rickety and the books were falling apart.
A twin brother, a twin brother.
Votings Polls, a bank statement for Vernon Dursley, a letter for-for… Harry let in a sharp intake of breath as he held a thick, yellowed envelope addressed to him.
i hope that you're enjoying this!
His eyes twinkled merrily, knowing that he had already won.
Surprisingly, Harry felt rather apathetic towards the property itself; he would certainly not miss it nor what it stood for.
At this, both Potters looked disinterested; Lily only slightly less so than James, who nodded instantly.
He said, in a tone of voice that made it seem as though he thought the opposite.
Harry remembered the joy he had felt after reading Roald Dahl's Matilda; it was his favorite book and had inspired him to pursue what he could do further, in secret of course; always in secret.
Head spinning in sheer bafflement and questions filling his head, Harry carried on reading, his eyebrows furrowed in thought.
Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed.
He certainly couldn't think of anything a one-year old would have done to cause their parents to leave them alone for ten years.
Oh, he'd gotten in so much trouble for his apparent laziness that Uncle Vernon broke two of his fingers (which wasn't too bad, since healing was the first aspect of his ability he'd learned the hard way, and his second was a way to somehow make the injuries look like they were still there, which he'd also learnt the hard way when his Aunt screeched about his "Freakishness" and locked him in his cupboard for three weeks!
Anyway, even though he wanted to stop by with the family in the ruins of the safe-house, he knew that it was a pointless endeavor, given that they were safe with Albus Dumbledore, Albus who turned from the twinkly eyed Headmaster who had a penchant for mischief makers such as himself, to this- this leader, in all sense of the word, steely eyed and resolute.
She, in that moment more than ever, felt eternally grateful to have found James, her James, and even more so that he'd grown up to be this way.
Despite Sirius's incoherent babbling, lies that went along the lines of- "I didn't do it, Prongs, I didn't!
Lily swatted at her husbands shoulders halfheartedly; she could recognize when he was less than saintly in his intentions.
he's 10 atm, and trying to survive, but soon he'll stop feeling so hard for the potters, but thats a long process, which is mainly what this story is trying to convey: harrys unwillingness to step into the spotlight, harry getting over his abuse, harry moving away from the potters and accepting that they will never love him, and harry and severus learning to trust eachother and forming a bond, which will be fairly difficult in the beginning.
he also gets to mull over his own sins (um who said anything about a severus/sirius friendship, i certainly didn't) (but you knOW it'll be cute!)
James continued to be oblivious, as he turned towards Harry who didn't really know what to think.
iii Harry loved the school library.
Vernon exploded, his face turning purple in rage, "Now, listen here you insolent freak!..."
The boy, Harry James Potter, had emerald green eyes with the slightest flecks of gold, that shone with emotion and were unnervingly luminous.
He was sad, happy, angry and more emotions that he, as a ten year old, couldn't name; he wasn't even Harry in that moment, he was a storm of raw, unadulterated emotion and the singular thought My parents are alive.
The sun shone brightly in the morning light, over the perfectly made flowerbeds (which, if he said so himself, he was rather proud of),evenly cut grass and the modest house which screamed of "normal" and said nothing off the rather horrific events that so often took place within its walls.
He grappled around for the small knapsack that he used when he had to stay over at Mrs Figg, the residual crazy cat lady (before she'd passed away), when Dudley and Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon went on trips.
It was borne from years of ingrained pureblood bigotry propaganda passed down from generation to generation, and try as she may over the years to drown it out, it would always lay dormant, second nature, within him.
Term begins on September 1.
Whilst she knew that her husband would never, could never, be a Death Eater, torturing and killing muggles and muggle-born all la-di-dah, it was quite frustrating when he used such ill-thought out statements.
It was similar to the lectures she gave him every time he'd entered the library, even though he would never dis-face a single page of a book, and never had, she still suspected him all the same.
You thought that you'd tell someone, did you?
Blinking away excess water in his eyes, he willed for a small ball of light to appear above him, grinning slightly as it did.
We did what we had to, what was best for Liam, and it's not as though we left him in an orphanage!
Also, i'm trying to keep this as realistic as possible, kindd of.
so then i was like, oh thats why she always says "wotcher" bc it indicates that its her!
), and that, when faced with such accusations, their resolution was to actually inquire with said people who were being accused.
Now, Harry had yet to delve too deeply into psychology, namely his own, for he was still, if anyone had forgotten, a ten year old boy.
Lily gave a slightly apologetic look towards the occupants of the house currently in the kitchen, before gliding out, no less enthusiastically, after her partner.
Alas, the human heart often seems to work in the opposite of the way we want it to, for it flees all attempts at the invasion of the mind and pierces its way to the very core of who we are.
Dumbledore, as though waiting for this cue, smiled beneficially.
Head spinning, nearly breathless, Harry stepped out of the shadows wherein he'd previously been cowering uncertainly in.
About anything we may or may not have done to you...I mean, more than likely they won't even give a shit, perhaps they'd even thank us, seeing as you'll likely be no more than a freak even among your lot," It obviously took a lot out of his Uncle to refer to them as a whole at all even without speaking the sole term 'wizard.'
Harry wasn't stupid, far from it, really, though few people save from himself knew and even less would admit to it.
Harry had only ever heard them being referred to by his aunt as 'lowlifes', 'drunkards', or 'Freaks'), were here, in Number Four Privet Drive.
"LIKE YOU TRIED TO KILL LILY AND JAMES?!"
We've tried all we could, but he's got a penchant for attention seeking and bullying, the child has a sort of sadistic streak, you see, and probably thought it would be funny to see us get in trouble by lying.
Thick as thieves, the lot of them, oh yes.
(long) A/N: And so i find myself posting at midnight once again *sigh* Anyway, this was more of a filler chapter than anything (i never got what they meant properly before now) and there'll probably be more of the sort.
So, no, Peter would not turn back to his friends.
He sneered at the thought of them.
luckly this is only within the throes of my mind so far!
As had become per natural order in the last decade or so, the conversation then took home to Liam's achievements, from his first word to his recent Hogwarts letter to his skill on a broom and his hereditary good looks and strong boned stature (which, when referred to as such later on, would make his brother, Harry, snigger uncontrollably, and when questioned, would only laugh harder, if that were possible), but before it did, their other son was brought up, if only briefly and in a dismissive manner, but discussed all the same.
It just didn't occur to the proud parents that a fruit spoiled was a fruit rotten.
honestly even if you weren't reviewing or following or anything, just reading, the knowledge that someone, anyone, people, are reading my story like how i read other peoples, makes me giddy and thankful.
also if anyone would like to to beta this,,, then feel free to pm me!
Then again, I guess you can't expect anyone, regardless of relation, to be quite like Liam," they both shared wide smiles as they reminisced their son, who, in their eyes, was perfect and could do no wrong, seeing as he was destined for Great Things.
He was nine years old and a seemingly mediocre and mostly quite student, for God's sake, how could he elicit such emotions?
Thick, meaty fingers closed tightly around his own thin neck as his Uncle snarled ferally at him, spittle accosting Harry's face, his eyes shut tightly as he bellowed, "You idiot, good for nothing freak!
Honestly, Harry was surprised and even a little touched to see that they cared so much as to think ahead, though he did, for obvious reasons, not voice this aloud.
It hurt that someone they'd went through such lengths to guard, someone who they would unquestionably give up their life for, would just dismiss them as soon as, what?
If you asked any of their associates they would describe them as quite the opposite, and it seemed that the only person they'd treated with such levels of hostility was Harry himself.
Peter pertained no illusion that they wouldn't murder him on sight, especially Black, Black who was slightly unhinged and valued loyalty above all else.
Of course his platitudes were ignored by the children around him, who were laughing gleefully, and by his attacker, who continued his clumsy ministrations.
Anyway, after Petunias tirade, it'd been clear that Lily had been a witch (after much consideration, Harry had decided that Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry made to refer to females as witches and males as wizards) and that Petunia had loathed her for it, for whatever reason that may be.
it'll be a coupla more chapters before he arrives at hogwarts, sorry guys.
i certainly was not expecting any!
We'll be waiting in the car."
The raven-haired boy found, however, that his little "secrets" (such as the fact that if he didn't have to get lower than Dudley in all his assignments, he would pass with flying colors) helped.
So...this man, James Potter, offering him, the freak who was a burden, who no one would ever, could ever, want, a home?
So, for now, given his inner conflict, Harry was quite content to see where the situation headed; he couldn't afford to loathe his parents for what they had done, quite literally, as his aunt and uncle certainly would not be donating expenses towards his cause, and he certainly wanted to attend Hogwarts.
cmon guy, he's eleven) Anyway, as always folks, i shall have another chapter up by next thursday!
Yet, he knew that the Dursleys always made sure that no-one ever turned up uninvited, so they'd be able to make sure that Harry wasn't visible.
Harry found himself being kicked anywhere pudgy legs could reach, as he begged, pleaded, for forgiveness.
Well, this induced way more answers than questions.
In the same way, Harry could do naught to control the heightened feeling of utter worthlessness he felt; the niggling feeling that every lie his Aunt, Uncle and Cousin had spout of him were nothing more than the truth.
dw its the first actual chapter.
She briefly speculated this- the Dursley's didn't seem to show Harry much regard, from the short amount of time she'd witnessed their dynamics.
Magic was, also, something strongly based on invention, and if one looked, they would find that Peter possessed little willfulness.
He didn't like that his sons victory was forgoed.
He idly noticed he was shaking, not that it was anything new.
Now, if you ever think of telling someone about what goes on in our household again, make no mistake…" At that, the man chuckled darkly, his beady, piggish eyes taking on a darkly sadistic gleam of utter glee.
If not him, then who else other than ourselves can we trust?"
This Harry was grateful for, for his growth was already so unfaliably stunted that he could not afford to have problems with his feet too, problems which he would have surely contracted if he wore such large shoes, that would appear clown-esque on him.
"Okay, James," Harry rectified, testing the name on his tongue.
