Latisha and Felicity continued their onslaught.
We're starting our second year."
Another factor which attracted attention was her considerable knowledge and willingness to learn.
It helped that one of these witnesses was Latisha Randle.
Sometimes, she let them get a bit too close.
Next to try was Harry, who found that the wall had 'closed'.
It declared, sometimes quickly and sometimes slowly, which house the student was o be sorted into.
I guess that's the only bright thing about losing mum.
said Luna, "That way, there's a chance I might be able to approach him without being noticed.
They got into conversation with each other.
Arthur pointed out places of interest along the route, such as Stonehenge on one side, and Old Sarum on the other.
It was obvious from their expressions that they were intending mischief.
I guess I'll have to deliver them to Hogwarts myself if they've missed the train."
Normally, recalling her mother's death would have brought tears, but such was Luna's enthusiasm while explaining the Thestrals, that she was smiling throughout her description.
"What house do you want to be sorted into?"
Harry was apparently 'seeing things', and the other two were questioning his sanity.
I know both their names, but I can't tell which one is which.
Luna and Ginny made their way towards him, while the other occupants of the compartment were ushered into the station yard, where the carriages were waiting.
said Luna, "He likes to be independent, so he started 'The Quibbler'."
Together with Harry and Neville, she persuaded not only Latisha and Felicity but also their close friends Marietta and Isobel to join 'Dumbleore's Army', and also became strong enough emotionally to be able to generate a powerful patronus in the form of a hare.
When he looked at it, he commented that one of his classmates, Harry Potter might be interested, as the content was very much at variance with the views expressed in 'The Daily Prophet'.
said Padma, "I don't think anyone who interacts with you could feel agitated."
Once they were clear of Ottery St Catchpole, Arthur took the car up to its most comfortable cruising altitude of about three thousand feet.
Whilst Neville and Luna attended the conference session, Sid and Cassie had opted for an excursion usin vehicles round the locations featured in Richard Adams's book 'Watership Down'.
There was a high-pitched shriek from the train whistle, and the Hogwarts Express was on its way North.
One of the other girls, whose name was Marietta, said that she had been told that there are merpeople in the lake, and that they push the boats across it.
He didn't want Luna to be affected, so he decided to avoid her for a while.
She felt it was a good indication of who knew her as a person and those who merely regarded her as a slightly odd acquaintance.
Both of them looked on it with hindsight as the dawn of the love that was to develop between them.
In his moment of desperation, and inspired by the knowledge of Luna's love for him, he summoned the sword of Gryffindor, and beheaded the snake.
She carefully catalogued them, then moved South to Kerala Province, where she found five more different dragon species.
However, she did occasionally let out the odd reference to such creatures as Nargles, or Gulping Plimpies.
Other than this, the journey was uneventful.
Latisha and Felicity had found a chink in her emotional armour and penetrated it, to devastating effect.
The subject of marriage did occasionally come up in discussion but no actual proposals took place.
said Luna, "Otherwise, it'll be bugging me for the rest of the term."
The companions were provided with options relating to which activities they would like to participate in.
said Cho, "That's Neville Longbottom.
It was that of an auror in a newly formed division of the Ministry, which was to specialise in contacts with the muggle world.
While sitting there, not long after the beginning of the Autumn term in her fourth year, she noticed that one of the boys on the Gryffindor table was looking at her from time to time, but would look away rapidly whenever he realised she was looking towards him.
To complete her escape, she ran up to the Astronomy Tower, where she hoped she wouldn't be disturbed, found a quiet corner, curled up almost into a ball and sobbed convulsively and uncontrollably.
Harry, Ron and Hermione had returned to Hogwarts, and joined the loyal students and staff in battle with the death eaters.
He parked in the forecourt of the Midland Hotel at nearby St Pancras Station.
On it was a laboratory stool upon which rested a very tatty looking witch's hat.
The other interesting thing dad told me about them, is that they have wings and can fly."
She described the idyllic surroundings of Shell Cottage and its totally secluded garden.
"You seem to be surrounded by an atmosphere of deep calm."
Of course, she told Neville about her previous partner Sid, and did advise him that a little bit of her heart would always be with him.
Luna produced her copy of 'The Quibbler' and started reading it, upside down, as she usually did.
They both settled down at a table with their drinks and waited for their ladies to come into the bar.
After leaving them in her locker, she returned to the common room, only to be confronted by Latisha and Felicity.
Luna was hoping against hope that someone else would come in to the common room, but nobody did.
"You seem very curious about everything around you."
"She was killed in an accident when I was nine."
This would mean that she would not see as much of Ginny as she would like as it was almost certain that he youngest Weasley child would follow her siblings into Gryffindor.
Having been warned by both her dad and Ginny that this kind of thing might happen, she reluctantly accepted it as part of life.
I do know that he is something of a loner.
Both Neville and Luna were very stressed about the meeting as they would certainly encounter each other with their new partners.
These were the invisibility cloak, which Harry already possessed, the 'Resurrection Stone', and the 'Elder Wand', which was in the possession of Albus Dumbledore.
Being emotionally resilient, she did manage to take all this with reasonably good humour.
"We're so sorry," said Parvati, "We didn't mean to stir memories you've trying to bury.
He had convinced himself that Luna had also found a new partner, and would not want to know him anymore.
Neville had completed his course, but stayed on for a year as Professor Sprout's assistant, so he could be with his beloved Luna.
He was, falsely as it turned out, given the impression that the offer was time limited.
When she talked with them, she was smiling brightly and gave the impression of being a source of deep joy.
When she got up to get some water, the few threads broke and it fell right off, leaving her completely naked.
Neville, meanwhile had taken up the post he had been offered in the Ministry of Magic.
Arthur activated the cloaking device while they were still in the garden of 'The Burrow'.
Once everyone in the compartment had browsed through the magazine, the conversation turned back to some of the strange creatures believed in by Luna.
Neville was kept busy in his new post, but could not put thoughts of his sweet Luna out of his mind.
said Marietta, "Who are you?"
I don't think he has any really close friends here.
said Padma, "I'm in Gryffindor, while my sister was sorted into Ravenclaw, despite us being identical.
The older Weasley brothers, together with Harry Potter would travel with Molly using wizarding forms of transportation, while Arthur would take Ginny, Ron and Luna to Kings Cross in the flying Ford Anglia.
The air was clear and the sky cloudless so they had an excellent view of the ground.
The other two being Harry and Hermione.
It was intended that they would all meet up outside Kings Cross Station.
It's all up to what the 'sorting' hat decides on the first evening."
Luna also talked about the strange magical creatures that her father believed in, such as Nargles and Wrackspurts.
"Anyway, Looney," said Felicity, adopting a new line of attack, "Where's your lovely mum?"
In London, Neville, when he had time to spare would lose himself in the urban area's green spaces.
Oh yes, it's quite fun if you read it upside down."
Luna and Ginny, together with three other girls boarded one of the boats.
This was a slight disappointment to both Ginny and Luna, but it wasn't unexpected.
said the Chinese girl, "I think introductions are in order.
said Cho, "I didn't mean to upset you, but what did actually happen?"
She seemed to be able to create an atmosphere of serenity around her, which was contagious.
At first, she was careful about mentioning some of 'her' fantastic creatures, as she had been warned by Ginny that this might bring her some unwanted attention.
), where a number of boats were waiting to take them across to the castle.
As arranged, all eight met up in the open area outside the station and made their way to the archways between platforms nine and ten.
We will be having our first ride in the carriages.
The rest was welcome, but did allow thoughts of her beloved Neville to surface.
"Where are Ron and Harry?"
Dumbledore's Army was now in capable hands, however, as Neville Longbottom was now leading it, with the inspiration and able assistance of Luna Lovegood.
I also think he's a bit lonely."
When Neville offered to keep in touch with her, she pointed out that once she had left Europe, she would be going to places where he would not be able to communicate with her.
She was used to his line of questioning by this time, and could easily deflect it.
"And I'd like to be in the same house as my friend."
At the end of Luna's final year at Hogwarts, she had to decide what she was going to do for the next two or more years.
They found that any interaction with her brought both tranquility and inspiration.
