It often happened that if the two of them were even seen in the same hallway, their Housemates would drag them away—quite harshly, in Hera's case.
"You look amazing," he whispered into her ear.
"B-Lord finally beat Hermes during a mock duel."
He groaned and dropped a kiss to her own Words through the thin fabric of her robes.
She huffed a small laugh even as a burning pain flared in her heart.
What if I lose control while flying?"
They had considered using the Imperius for this part, but had ultimately decided against it because her father woefully informed them that it was one of the few spells that he and Regulus couldn't bypass the Trace—apparently, he wanted to come and cast the Curse on the woman himself, but decided that making sure his daughter and her friends didn't get sent to Azkaban was far more important.
He laughed and continued to rub at the soft skin of her neck, and found himself very interested in meeting the snake.
He always chose to conveniently ignore the fact that it was because the two forgot that they weren't actually alone.
She sympathized as she thought about the large stack in her own office.
"Who the better dueler was," she answered after a moment.
I'm not entirely sure how this holiday works in the muggle world.
He pulled away from his Mate but kept his right arm wrapped tightly around her shoulders.
He was just barely able to stop from impaling the intruder when Blaise pretended to die as he tumbled to the ground in front of him and grasped at his heart as he 'choked'.
He wasn't sure, but he assumed that she was close.
She sat up and untangled herself from him, and moved so she knelt next to him as she held his face in her hands.
Hermione smacked him and he whimpered as he rubbed his shoulder.
Does that make me a stalker?
He released her and grabbed her hands, and pressed a kiss to each knuckle before he left, never breaking eye contact, and set her heart racing painfully in her chest.
"Don't worry, Aztec, it's just us," Hermione soothed as she and Blaise stepped into the compartment.
Nothing will touch you but my love.
"It's just my stomach, my Hera.
She ran the fingers of her free hand through his long brown hair and quickly undid the tie at the nape of his neck and played with his chest-length hair slightly as she scratched lightly at the skin beneath her finger.
I wear earrings all of the time to try and keep close to her."
He was silent as he pressed his forehead to hers.
Her head tilted to the side.
"Collateral damage," he said with a playful wink.
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath as well, and was pleased with the slightly smoky-mint smell that filled her nostrils.
Their fourth year was completed in a similar fashion to the latter part of their third year.
"The longer you speak it, the easier it is to switch back and forth."
She scooted closer to him and he moved towards her as well.
She pulled him into the cabin and he willingly followed before the door shut behind them and words were murmured, and Magic flared briefly.
Only about eight months."
"Yes, instead you allow her to blow up the entire corridor."
"I Promise not to tell anyone," he whispered, and Magic tightened in the air around them, and she wrapped her arms around his waist.
She bit her cheeks against the acerbic burn at the back of her nose.
It seemed as if everyone in Ravenclaw, even those that she might have eventually considered a friend, were on a mission to keep her away from Tom—everyone except for Hermione, that is.
"Is that how it always feels?"
Fifth Year "Is this seat ta—Merlin, Hera, are you alright?"
Tom sat up—she hadn't even noticed that is head had been on top of hers—and rubbed at his eyes.
So, the four of them had started to call the bunny Aztec, and even her Aztec when she was in that form.
"Have you set up a study group yet?"
Before any more questions could be asked, she and her best friend escaped to their dorm room where they were ignored by the other 10 girls in their year.
I keep looking, but—" She put her hand over his mouth and stopped his rambling.
In front of them was an Unspeakable who gestured for them to follow.
The two continued to talk quietly and ignored the two Mates who sat on the bench across from them as they watched their closest friends' interactions.
It was better than when he touched or kissed her Words, and was most definitely better than when she kissed his.
She smiled brightly as usual, and stepped into the cabin and softly shut the door behind him.
He willingly went, and his Mate rewarded him with a soft press of her lips against his own.
He rose to his knees once the garment was completely unbuttoned, and undid the buckle of his belt, and she adverted her eyes as she heard the faint rustling of fabric.
He shook his head as he blinked rapidly.
His hands curled around her hips and held her close as his eyes scanned hers.
He ran the tip of his nose over her head and pulled her closer.
But…in private, in the latter semester of their first year, and especially in their second year—after he found his Hermione—he had started to help the boy.
I may not be fond of Quidditch or flying on a broomstick, but, I want to support you, no matter how much it terrifies me to see you on one of those death sticks."
She shook her head, and he relaxed only slightly before he tensed at something Nagini told him.
Sirius had a friend at the DMLE who bred magically colored owls, and had taken her to see the newest batch due to the very mutual dislike between her and Frost.
The snakes demanded the blood of everyone and everything they saw—even if it didn't have blood (one day, he would the point across that the suits of armor were hollow).
"My baby's all grown up!"
Inside the nice box—which he would fight tooth and nail to keep—were four thick books and a letter sealed with a blue and bronze wax stamp—it seemed she was very proud of her House (as she should be).
He felt something cold and hard against his collarbone, and pulled away slightly.
The Primal Beast ached with jealousy and his blood burned hot and bright in his veins.
"You're—" his words cut off as shock took over his face and his jaw went slack.
Rather than allowing her to sit on the chair across from him, as she had planned due to the fact that she was right next to it, he reached over, grabbed her hand, and pulled her down into his lap.
the faint voice of her father reached them from the mansion nearly half a mile away.
It was the day after Hera's thirteenth birthday, and she stood trembling in the darkened back room where the Black and Potter account manager goblins stood with a wavy, goblin-wrought Ritual Dagger.
She pulled away and nipped his nose when he looked up at her.
Do you have any questions?"
"I'm doing well—your Words," his voice cracked as they fell on the faintly glimmering letters and she flushed and pulled away.
She unconsciously reached a hand out and paused before she could touch the reptile that now hovered in front of her face.
She sadly shook her head and handed over the money required.
"When we get to school, look up the Gaunt family tree."
He stood and helped her up and the two adjusted their clothes, so it didn't look like they had just been wildly making out behind a tapestry.
I actually find it quite fascinating to be quite honest.
Sirius, Regulus, and even Lucius assured us that we wouldn't be caught today, remember?
She glared playfully at him.
It was not the first time that her godfather had told her those words, and she doubted that it would be the last.
"But you love me any way."
He lifted her and moved her so she sat on his right thigh, and she blushed a brilliant red at the action.
"It smells like it could be an anti-nausea, but it also smells like it could be a scent-suppressant.
They stood on the rotting porch for a short while before Hermione and Blaise unceremoniously shoved her out to go to him.
His heart was sent on course to rush to the moon and back in a quest to win her love until the end of time.
That definitely sounded like her god-brother.
"Brother dearest, I thought we all agreed to not encourage breaking the law."
I'm more than struggling with it—I've had to start it over five times because I keep ripping it to shreds—and because of my pride, I refuse to ask mama—Severna for help.
Mom hated it—I think….
Other girls of their House, who were believed to be acceptable to the Heir, were flaunted in front of him, yet, he never looked at them longer than to tell them to leave him alone and have a nice day.
The Bond of True Soulmates is so wholly intertwined with their magical Cores, that they require their Mate, once found, in order to survive the Core Expansions that all witches and wizards go through.
They were in silence for a few moments longer—both more than content to be with each other after a long day of separation—before he spoke.
It hadn't mattered that the letters had eventually become imbued with their Core Magick's.
She had been on the team for two years and this was the first time that Juniper had paid any attention to her other than congratulating her on catching the snitch and winning the game—and even then, that was only when the planets aligned and the stars shined brightly upon her.
|}(HJPB){| It was late when the two were finally given the privacy they wanted to discuss the Ritual.
The way she said it, let everyone know that it wasn't just some spell that destroyed your body or mind, it was something meant to destroy your soul.
"We'll be breaking at least four wizarding, and maybe two muggle.
The Ring had enough protections and spells on it, he would be content with her safety, even if he wasn't right next to her—the Beast was a fickle thing.
I had tried to order Froste to stay, but, he always seemed to be much more indignant and bite-y whenever I did so, and he never really listened anyway.
Don't you dare Tom Riddle," she hissed before she continued to read.
"Did you bring me more homework?"
We compelled some, confunded some, you know, just the basic illegal things.
Youngest Ravenclaw Captain in nearly 150 years.
