x 22.54 Please stop lowering yourself to something you are not.
The young witch got to her feet with more balance than she thought she would have.
Fine wine and fine company, lead the way Minerva."
13.01 Further to that I hope to Merlin he hasn't forced you to…well you know.
She didn't deserve anything really and she should just do what was expected and so she did.
"What you doing out here 'Mione?"
"Contemplating my answer to your question Ronald, but apparently it doesn't need an answer either way.
So I ask my question again.
His mother is trying to make all the decisions on our wedding," she paused feeling the smile that had not left her lips for the passed few hours falter.
She hailed a taxi and Hermione gave her address.
I don't know what to do anymore.
"I don't think you did you know."
He sauntered into the tiny living room lit only by the fire Hermione was sat in front of nursing her quickly cooling tea.
Her feet took her without thought, walking through the streets of the city.
I am not good enough to be anything other than what I am supposed to be.
Thinking that it had been a one sided understanding, that she had looked too much into every interaction.
She was grateful for the heat on her back, there was however a lingering feeling she wanted to spend the day chatting to her wonderful friend.
She had an engaging voice always full of life, but as the conversation continued she could feel the tension in the young woman's words and the anxiety over her upcoming commitment.
07.10 I hope I haven't upset you.
Hermione followed the elder witch up the embankment towards their destination.
x 07.25 Until later dear.
He slumped onto the couch in move reminiscent of his 14-year-old self in the common room after being given detention.
I may have swore rather loudly in fact, in the middle of a corridor on my way to class.
The engagement had come as somewhat of a surprise to Minerva.
It has taken me quite some time to master the art however I think, I am, as they say… Down with it."
"Although the night is young, you may very well end up in the river at some point if you don't watch where you are going."
The pair had fallen into a comfortable friendship, something that neither batted an eyelid at.
That was it every one of the overzealous Weasley clan had jumped to their feet and congratulated them on their engagement.
x Hermione grinned as she replied to the older woman.
Was she willing to forgo a life of happiness to do what was expected of her?
12.51 Well I'm glad I can keep you entertained ;) and I have you hanging on my every word.
They were all surrounding her, hugging her, kissing her on the cheek, shaking Ron's hand.
Her phone buzzed again but she did not look.
It had been too long since she had seen the older woman.
Knowing that Hermione had not willingly agreed to her engagement brought another question to her.
She didn't want to bring shame on her.
All manner of things ran through her mind as to why this marvellous woman was engaged to be married to someone who was so wrong for her.
So I shall say my goodbyes for now and we shall discuss times and places latter.
I am free on Friday night if you would like to get sozzled?x 07.22 That sounds like a great idea :).
Hope that she would not be tied down.
xx Minerva stared dumb founded at what she had just read.
X The very same smile that graced the face of Hermione the evening before as she snuggled into her sofa spread across the young woman's face once more.
Resolving herself that she didn't have the concentration to continue reading she rose and wandered over to the window and stretched in a feline manner arching her back as her hands braced her weight against the peeling gloss paint of the windowsill.
"I have indeed enjoyed this evening much more than I could have imagined.
Hope that little did she know was slowly rekindling itself in the depth of her soul.
I was wondering the streets when you 'saved' me, trying to stay away from the flat until Ron had gone to bed.
"Did you ever stop to think after last night that might be one of the reasons why I slept here?"
I am not your object, I do not belong to you."
They appear to be jumping around in my handbag.
That is such an old family way of thinking and I would have thought him better than that.
I hope the formatting at the end of this works.
"Oh," Her mouth moving to resemble the exclamation.
You all seem to have spoken for me."
If he had been looking at his fiancé he would have seen the sadness well up in her eyes but, as usual, he didn't.
I didn't want to have to have the conversation we had this morning last night when I was tipsy and he would be irrational as usual.
"I am not happy having my life dictated to by your mother and until you realise that then perhaps this wedding is not the best thing for us."
There was a small part of her that had died when she had read the invitation.
Her subconscious driving her to make contact with the woman who her conscious mind was struggling to keep at bay.
I just finally gave into the inevitable.
Looking up she didn't recognise herself.
Ron is just being, well… Ron.
I want to get back to being me and talking with you last night I think is a good start.
They had met up once a month or so before Hermione's engagement to Ron.
I hope you got home safe.
There are so few people who deserve the world, but you are one of them.
And here she was again contemplating life.
Her tongue slid out and lapped the stray drop that had not quite been contained.
The scathing retort was ripped from her mouth before she could think.
She had missed the woman a lot more than she would admit to herself let alone anyone else.
Why had she never confided this in her before?
Apparently they had been the only two in the room to notice she hadn't said "yes", in fact she hadn't said anything.
Hermione's heart stopped.
After and excruciating five minutes she had extracted herself to the garden.
I don't think he has it in him to be that evil.
07.06 I have missed you, you know?
As the fresh air hit them upon departing the pub she noticed the young woman was feeling the effects of the alcohol far more than she was.
Well I never really said yes when he asked.
"I would have stayed at home, we do have a bath, which would have been much preferable."
Of course we can do it again.
Sighing she strode towards the shower stall and the shower burst into life.
I am Scottish I can hold my own when it comes to alcohol.
However anything that came to mind she was reminded that this woman knew her on a level where she had never been able to lie to her.
"If you must know Ronald.
Yes there had been something there and yes there was definitely an unwritten understanding that they adhered to.
But even with the sore head I have this morning it was a good night.
Hermione almost spat out the mouthful of wine she had just taken, swallowing swiftly and chuckling to herself, "You really are full of surprises tonight Minerva.
She had sat there in silence contemplating her life for the next half an hour before heading in and to bed without seeing anyone.
I haven't ever actually said 'yes'… And you are the only person I have said that too.
I am however acutely aware that I am in need of a shower before work.
It's not like you were going to say no, so why hold off."
As she closed the door she lent in, "I am but only a mobile away."
The words were typed and sent before she could think to stall them.
Surely he didn't force you into anything, of all the things I thought I knew of Ronald I would have thought that he would respect you to the point of consent.
They were at The Burrow, of course they were at The Burrow, he never ventured far from there if he could help it.
The gesture has sent a shiver down her spine for the second time that night and this time she knew it wasn't the cold chill that had caused it.
Care to join me for a drink and a catch up?
Her mind taking her back to the day Ron had proposed to her.
I have missed how I used to be.
They had gotten close over the course of her last few years at Hogwarts.
Her feet kept her going until she descended to the river, throngs of people were milling around, it was an unusually bitter evening for early November and a frost had already started to settle in.
