Of course, one might deservedly ask what parts of Snape he puts on display in his Summertime Training Persona.
In this very instant, Harry was flying.
It truly was a balmy day.
** Loudly, Snape said, "I'm afraid everyone is going to have to exit the room of requirement, for a moment.
Luna continued, "So I really have to thank you for keeping me out of class!"
Snape had on a slightly peeved look to his face, but Moody - Moody had turned about, and started flinging spells all over the place.
And Harry wasn't exactly sure whether that was "Harry Potter is a space alien.
At nearly the same time, Draco Malfoy said, "I lost a bet, sir.
"It starts with me talking with Hermione, and getting her to talk with Neville, who has had a crush on her for the longest time..." "I have little patience for adolescent drama in the best of times, Potter."
"Sorry," he said, sounding blithe and completely unsorry.
his voice echoing unnaturally in the clammy quiet.
Ron yelped, and Hermione started to make shushing motions.
Even if they were right."
"Trelawney's an old bird, isn't she?
And it was no exception today, except for the minor fact that the Twins had graduated.
And then, of course, Severus Snape swooshed through the door, slamming it as a matter of course.
She'd stop at a point, and tell him all about a certain book (which Harry would feel compelled to take, moved more by her sheer enthusiasm than any particular plot point).
He watched as Snape's footprints danced past him.
Harry sputtered, "They were climbing on me, not -" "I saw."
Reviews, as always, get me to write more.
Harry grinned, for a flash of a second, and then smoothed his face.
Professor Sprout, luckily, was the one to wave him home, all the while chuntering about how he should have gone home earlier.
Snape drawled abruptly, and Harry was oddly reassured.
The only question was when he would appear.
"Turns out that sometimes you have to yell to get things through thick skulls."
She was explaining a loudspeaker charm, or something like that.
Malfoy had really done them all a favor by showing that Mark.
Draco Malfoy smirked, "It was my tenth birthday, and I'd decided that I was going to draw a memento."
"I need your help," Harry said firmly.
Still, he was grinning as Snape announced the homework assignment, "Select one of the three classic modifications to the shield spell, and be ready to demonstrate in front of the class.
It would be odd to say, but it was even odder to see - certain people were starting to take arriving at Snape's ... martial... class as the highlight of their days.
Harry asked, remembering something that the Twins had once joked about pranking McGonagall with.
He didn't want to seem just a fair-weather student, at this at least, if not at other subjects.
He was their Housemaster, and it was right and proper for him to do so.
Draco Malfoy said promptly, the whole thing sounding entirely too rehearsed and well-said.
Malfoy deserved the title, but not the status.
Harry Potter sat in the middle, not like a king, but just another quiet kid.
Nott's dark brown eyes flashed up at Harry, looking at him suddenly, skeptically.
Then you will cast all three of the Unforgivables on it.
It didn't seem to know how to get better from there, either.
If there's anyone who might want to just skip the dark parts, tell me in a review at that time, and I can clue you in when I'm done writing "Snape Acts Evil.
There wasn't anyone around, and the animals were happy.
"Maybe he just doesn't want a second Bellatrix Lestrange?"
Maybe it was for dignity and hauteur), leaving a ten pace space in the center of the room - it crowded with furniture.
Ollie the Ravenclaw said, "But what's potato blight got to do with tomato leaves?"
Hermione, wringing her hands, blurted out, "It's not like the Muggle world at all!
Connor and Boot stood for the Ravenclaws - what few there were.
Smugly, Snape smirked, and said, "Try saying one spell until you have it on instinct.
he said, then looked sidelong at Hermione Granger, "And women."
Harry sat down to dinner, noting as usual where people were sitting.
And that there was someone very eager for him to join... to become one with the frog.
And... and it would have hurt if Snape's memory was of Harry running off to the Department of Mysteries.
Potter had clearly noticed Snape's disappearances (the wonder was that he hadn't belligerently barged in before now), but, instead of investigating, and making a ruddy, obliviated nuisance of himself, he'd found a problem that he could solve - and neatly, at that.
Harry said, grinning at his "already busy planning" friend - Harry might be more of a people person than Hermione'd ever be, but she was certainly the person to turn to when you needed something academic done.
Harry Potter said crisply, "I can assume the other guy has double my talent, and quadruple my experience."
Snape purred, "Very good.
Second, get Snape to open his mouth.
"People are dying, out there.
Hermione straightened, slightly, and tried to look Snape in the eye.
Harry had gotten a lot out of Defense Club yesterday.
Only difference was Malfoy had managed to attract the older boys (also disturbing.)
He crawled back to the Slytherins (including Pansy, who'd been woken, and was blinking blearily).
Also awkward, just differently so.
"What, you don't want it?"
Harry sat back on his haunches, thinking...
Snape couldn't be trusted.
Harry Potter hadn't expected Snape to just straight out offer it - certainly not in class.
Harry hazarded, not quite looking at Snape as he did so.
Magic itself may not be good or evil, but in a magical world, there were many traps for the unwary.
What's the point of a lesson when you're showing me worse than I can actually fight?
The Order had moved onto other business, and it was no longer appropriate to listen.
Snape was still in teaching-mode, his ever volatile temper still leashed, even as he let a bare sliver show through his billowing black robes.
Harry wished he would, but it was a futile wish, and Harry knew it from the start.
Snape said, after letting Malfoy squirm long enough.
Harry Potter responded, his crispness entirely spoiled by his broadening grin.
How do you create a happy memory?
Harry wanted to stomp right up in front of the entire Great Hall and tell Snape to stop it.
Quite quietly, Harry smirked.
[a/n: Did you ever do that as a kid?
How had she managed to do that, in the middle of class - undetected, switch out for Hermione, of all people.
"I don't think you do,really."
Mandy and Morag apparently liked that last sentence, as they started repeating it.
Harry nodded crisply, so she continued, "Well, go ahead and have a seat and tell me what's the problem."
Look now, at how our Lord smiles at his pretty little fool."
Snape was inside, cautious as ever - instead of greetin' her proper, he lifted his chin.
"And, in the future, try to remember that silencing spells mean that your screams will aggravate fewer students."
"Mister Malfoy," Snape said, drawling out the words with a strong measure of insouciance.
Even when they were doing Herbology and he really ought to have paid attention.
Mostly from the repeated applications of Protego by Potter.
[a/n: Please go back and reread, "My Old Friend" - my characters are making decisions again.
[a/n: I hope I don't need to say that Draco wasn't flushing because he has some sort of crush on Harry.
He'd stared out the window, wondering where Snape was.
"Sure, I guess," Harry said, shrugging uncomfortably.
Nobody liked it when Draco decided to have opinions.
Nott just asked to take a look.
Harry grinned, a tight small thing that bespoke tension without actually revealing it, "I think rules meant for children chafe young men, and that a Christmas spent at Hogwarts will lead to better behavior in the coming semester."
Afterwards, as he retreated towards Gryffindor Tower, Malfoy proved even easier to dodge - Harry darted around Romilda Vane, with a whispered, "He likes you."
Harry asked Hermione, leaning into her.
As the food was whisked away, Hermione and Ron started to bicker - again.
Not to the hex, but... what?
