"…Only the best," Tom says carefully.
Just dump me out the window and leave me to rot."
: [I do not want to be stuck in a room full of human babes if I am not allowed to eat one,] Nagini complains.
Potter scowls up at him with lopsided glasses and tousled hair.
"What's the meaning of this!
"Leave, now," Tom hisses to Avery and Carrow, "We'll regroup later."
"I'll probably end up in Hufflepuff.
"…Told you to go away… You're going to turn into a ferret, I can't be with you…" "Potter, no, Harry—stop making ridiculous excuses!
Longbottom only droops lower.
A burning sensation crawls its way up to Tom's throat, as if he's swallowed fire and joy all at once.
After all, how often has Harry seen other Dark Lords in Tom's eyes?
By complimenting Tom, Potter's insinuating that Tom will fail.
Even as dark as the Weasley's closet is, those green eyes seem to glow even when lost in thought.
Tom only smiles and walks into the now-joined cages.
Grindelwald's main headquarters aren't likely to be at Hogwarts, he has no personal attachment to Hogwarts, at least not in Tom's universe.
Was Tom abandoned while the Potter's extended family only kept Harry?
Nothing but a whimper emerges after that.
But they leave just as Black threatens to turn Hedwig into a stone paperweight, much to Nagini's delight.
Our Lord has only grown stronger.
"…We're here," Black stops at a bedroom door upstairs.
Why the twins would pick such an ugly theme escapes Tom, but he'll interrogate them next week on Friday… (Unfortunately, Tom does not account for the conspiratorial grins the twins give each other behind his back, no, the prank has barely begun…) "Can you stop humming that infernal song?"
[Then why aren't you chasing it?]
EDITED CHAPTER - Nov 15, 2019 EDIT: Thank you to ChevreJaune for pointing a plot hole.
Anyone else, Tom would hex for doing so, but he needs Potter to recover, to prove Dumbledore wrong, so he tolerates it and glares at all who question their relationship.
But I would have thought you'd tell me about this.
The more advanced stuff in Sixth and Seventh Year is pretty, like you said, intuitive to me… but I don't know how to explain it and make it simpler to understand for other sixteen year olds and seventeen year olds.
Hopefully it lands them in their universe.
He doesn't understand why the wizarding world insists on installing such a nosy floo network for communication.
The Potter-is-a-spy theory suddenly gains more merit.
"Yes," the words come out, like an overflowing dam.
Simple parlor tricks, really, nothing to marvel over.
"He's quite difficult to get a hold of when he's working on his projects."
Unlike some people, Tom doesn't forget things.
"I think I see Professor McGonagall calling us, please excuse us," Tom bows slightly, lightly pushing Potter on the back so that they're concealed by the crowd.
"Oh… but you're here with me…" Potter mumbles as Tom tugs him towards the first step on the staircase, "when you should hate me… You must be so upset that I'm avoiding you.
A numb cold, the way it felt after Tom tore himself from the Monster's mind, descends on him.
Potter walks to the other side of the dueling arena, wand ready.
He doubts they understand, but regardless.
After hearing Harry hum those very same songs while baking, Tom doubts his own singing could create the same soothing effect.
"I spent a good five thousand galleons on those matching cufflinks!")
"But—" "Let me take care of you!"
Potter looks ready to ask if Professor Dumbledore should be headmaster instead.
"Regulus Black bellows, and something gold whizzes through the air, nearly hitting Tom's head.
Potter throws the poster back at Tom's face.
"I'm not sure, Mr. Riddle found him like this at the bottom of the stairs…" "Oh really?"
I hope you can forgive me.
He'd forgotten that somehow he and Potter have been delegated spots next to each other at the teacher's table.
Longbottom had uncharacteristically roared, before launching himself at Malfoy's neck.
If Potter is the seer he so dearly desires, he could avoid Death forever.
Tom wants to drop a building on him.
Somehow, that look seems creepier than usual, as if Professor Riddle has realized how creepy that stare is and embraced it.
Wouldn't that be truly making every student 'equal'?
For some reason, he doesn't move downstairs.
Before Tom can hiss about the idiocy of owning such dangerous pets, Charlie Weasley's head vanishes from the fire.
: Professor Dippet calls Tom into his office.
The Singing Fern does indeed look wilted, not one annoying song coming from its leaves.
Better than his nonsensical ramblings and odd predictions about marshmallows or snakes.
Tom stares at those flames and refuses to tremble.
In Egyptian culture, maybe wizards considered these birds to be a representation of the sun god Ra.
And for the record, this strange fight going on between you and Potter is driving the school into chaos.
A seer might tell people their fortunes, doesn't mean they'll believe them.
Just take it," he shoves the locket into Tom's hands.
The look Harry gives him is indecipherable, like a dead language that recently surfaced from an ancient dig.
He—" Tom stops and glowers.
: At breakfast, each table becomes a sea of Team Tomarry badges.
Tom swallows away the hot feeling in his chest.
"Baking isn't Divination!
But you saw my familiar, Nagini, the lovely snake in the cage earlier.
Potter's voice suddenly sounds too quiet, too lacking.
Bribery, it seems, may be the best method.
If I'm right, then there's just one left, and it's not him… It's you."
Harry : Tom rolls his eyes, ignoring the shocked gasps of the orphans who catch the motion.
And Mr. Riddle, go back to your dorms, there's nothing more you can do for him now."
If Potter hasn't shown any potential by now then he must be the idiot he seems.
No, Potter doesn't even acknowledge Tom's existence.
Tom realizes that this is Goyle, while the other figure must be Crabbe, two of Draco Malfoy's annoying goons from his school days at Hogwarts.
It's more enjoyable to shop together."
Tom crumples it up and throws it into Potter's bag, much to Flitwick's dismay.
I feel ready to eat this pigeon.]
Even Tom knows that death can't be so easily evaded.
: They search through the rest of the train, narrowly avoiding a confrontation with Malfoy and his tagalongs.
Now, you, half-breed, apologize or speak to my stunner!"
Missing you, Harry : There are no letters after that.
So Malfoy was just showing off and I'm sorry, I shouldn't have said anything."
Potter gasps scandalously.
I thought 'sleeping together' was one of the requirements of human copulation.
I'm surprised people remembered me, with how much time I took off school…" That's right.
"Hermione, no offense, but I'm pretty sure you can finish that essay later tonight with your eyes closed.
A llama that likes to eat cacti…" "Stop speaking nonsense and lie back down.
Harry finally raises his head and looks directly at Tom, his green eyes like distorted stained glass that's been cracked and glued back together.
"You don't have to tell me," Tom says, not if it makes Harry's expression worse.
Tom almost wants to scoff at the silly fear, but then Harry locks eyes with his, and Tom sees the deep fear there.
Specifically, Nagini will be his eyes, gathering information.
"How else are we to verify which universe is ours?
But first, he needs to show these students that he is unique, different, special.
I'm a seer, not a powerful and terrifying, omnipotent, all-knowing glow cloud!"
Plus, muggles needed to die for how he was treated at the orphanage.
The students are all standing one on leg, arms stretched up above their heads, and muttering, 'I'm a tree' repeatedly under their breaths.
Are you even capable of love?"
Is this what the saying 'swallowed a lemon' feels like?
