Like he somehow held the answer to her endless list of troublesome worries.
"I love this curve," he said slowly, his lips barely brushing against her skin as his hands traced the gentle slope of her waist.
She turned, her magic curling around her and her eyes catching Teddy's wicked smirk, and then she was gone.
With a sinfully slow stride, he approached the bed, his movements cautious, as if he was still waiting for her to change her mind.
Hell, she had her entire life planned out by fourteen—sure there'd been a few hiccups, but she'd gotten there eventually… mostly.
"Well," she managed after the burning of whisky had dulled in her throat.
Yet, still, here she was, grinding her arse against her bodyguard and practically crying out for it.
"Are you okay, Hermione?"
His emerald eyes were narrowed and serious behind his new frames, his arms crossed in a way that Hermione would have expected from herself, not so much from him.
So thank you for liking, reviewing, following or any combination of the aforementioned.
This one felt different, felt heavier—more important.
His breath fanned over her neck and her eyes fluttered shut.
Worry drenched his emerald-coloured eyes.
In the reflection, she watched as Teddy crossed the room towards her, coming so closely behind her that she could feel the rise and fall of his chest against the skin exposed on her back.
Not that it all couldn't be done by magic, but Hermoine had a sneaking suspicion the girl didn't want to leave Hermione alone for fear she might implode.
The door burst open with a loud, "Sorry, boss!"
His hand retraced its earlier route, sliding over the curve of her bum and grabbing a handful of her arse.
You guys are so wonderful to me!
It was actually quite a scene."
She deadpanned, waiting for him to get on with hit but instead, the light in his eyes danced.
Slowly he slid out until his tip was again just at her entrance, and she pressed back onto him, filling herself and rotating her hips in a vain attempt to get the more for herself.
As such, Hermione had zero tolerance for handsome young men flirting with her or her assistant.
"This trip—" "Yeah," Ron scoffed, his lip curling in that same disappointed frown he always wore for her these days.
If you want to hear me ramble with my dear friend, Frumpologist, about all things fandom, join us on Wine, Wands and Waffling for our new fanfiction podcast!
She couldn't remember the last time she'd been kissed like this.
One of his massive hands was cradling her cheek, his fingers brushing the nape of her neck while his thumb traced a lazy track over her cheek; the other was on her shoulder as he loomed over her bedside in naught but low slung pants and a vest.
Hands curling over his shoulders, she dug her nails into his muscle as her head fell and knocked against the door.
His thick frame took up most of the doorframe; he was still in his suit, but his tie had been loosened, his top button undone.
For so long, she'd been Mother and then Minister; she hadn't even had time to be a wife—let alone a woman.
Teddy's lips split into a wide grin, and a blush rose to Hermione's cheeks.
She wants to know if we can make it."
I'm old enough to be your mother!"
I thought you were still trying—" "We did counseling for a year," Hermoine croaked.
Each passing minute stretched on, and she found her patience wearing thin.
At least Dad's coming—" "Rose Weasley, you watch your tone this minute!
Resting back on the headboard, she threw one hand over her torso and with the other took long, purposeful drinks of liquor.
This wasn't the first time she'd given the speech, and it certainly wouldn't be the last.
Gently, he reached up and pulled the sheet away; reluctantly, she let him.
"Merlin, what in the hell do I have to do to get rid of you, Mister Watson?"
She turned on her hip to face him, her cardigan slipping over her shoulder.
She gulped, her gaze traveling to the tenting of the pants as his palm came down to grip his thick erection just once before offering her a smug smirk and turning for the door.
He internalizes everything.
You've gotten quite the show this morning—" "Is there anything I can do for you, Hermione?"
Teddy was frozen, his wand unmoving even as a string of flashes commemorated this horrifying event for the American tabloids.
Oh, it felt good to laugh.
Crimson when he had that dangerously lustful edge to his eyes, purple once or twice, but teal mostly.
From what Hermione understood, they were held only twice a year, and no expense was spared.
Her eyes caught on a hazy, dull blue vial with a note from the hotel to enjoy a night of Dreamless Sleep.
Her throat tightened, her lips moving silently, trying to form words that never came.
But then the liquor had done its job and loosened her tongue, and before long they were laughing.
Magical citizens flooded the ballroom, dripping in expensive fabrics and elegant jewelry and daintily sipping champagne from long exaggerated flutes.
Watson's eyes darted towards Teddy, his hair a deep purple and his eyes flashing onyx as he stared at the altercation.
His mouth closed over the thin fabric of her shirt, taking her pebbled nipple into his mouth.
She offered him a weak smile and noticed that her fingers were still tangled in his vest and his hands were still curling around her.
This was a private floor after all.
A laugh bubbled from deep inside her as she reached for the blankets and wrapped them around herself like a cocoon.
Rose explained in no uncertain terms that it would be a distraction the morning of 'the biggest day of her life'.
"You wanted to know when it was ten o'clock."
Alphas: MCal and InDreams Beta: Ravenslight You three are the most wonderful.
"I was only going to say you look stunning tonight, Minister."
"You just better make sure they can cast faster than me."
Slowly, she sank down, gasping against his lips he filled her.
"As long as you'll have me, Minister."
She tucked her skirt underneath her, crossing one ankle over the other like a proper British woman before fixing him with a smile she reserved only for those she truly detested.
Hermoine wasn't one for sleep potions; they nearly always brought on awful nightmares of times better left forgotten.
Hermione called over her shoulder, annoyance thick in her tone as her assistant lagged behind, batting her lashes at Teddy.
Establishing the IMC had been the headline of her campaign; as a war heroine, Hermione refused to settle for the reign and terror of Lord Voldemort fading into history books soon to be forgotten for another generation.
With a gentle lift, Teddy had her off her feet and resting on the desk as his hands moved frantically over her, finding the crook of her knee and raising it over his hip, exposing the length of her thigh.
"And you're quite sure it's nothing to do with that very big birthday coming up?
With a dark chuckle he shook his head, white locks falling over his forehead as he pushed closer to her.
Hermione tried to contain the smile breaking over her lips, truly she did.
Hermoine paused, inhaling sharply through her nose.
The sharp point of Hermione's pumps clicked against the cool tile as Gwen picked up her pace and flipped open her folio, reading off the agenda upon arriving in New York.
They were nothing to be ashamed of now, certainly.
"No word from them, Minister.
"You two enjoy your Sunday!
With a false, tight smile she attempted to step back, but his other hand crushed painfully over hers, and she let out a soft whimper.
His lips pulled into a smirk, and with a flick of his wrist, the doorknob was wrenched from her palm and the door slammed shut.
"Nothing happened," he mumbled against her throat.
I appreciate you coming back each week and sharing your thoughts with me.
His hair was back to that shade of crimson he seemed to wear often around her, and his eyes were dark as they roved her body.
With a little downward turn of her mouth she reached up to straighten his tie, and his hands moved quickly, settling on the delicate curve of her waist.
You deserve to be told—" His breath caught, eyes crinkling the way his father's used to.
Or—" She paused to clear her throat.
"Well, what does pink mean?
See all those other wands?"
"Teddy… we should… hnunghh—" Dropping to his knees, Teddy pushed up the hem of her shirt.
"Right," Gwen said, stepping forward with a firm set to her lips.
With two long strides, he was on her, pressing her firmly against the door.
For years, even before ascending to the Minister's Chair, Hermione had been an advocate for the International Magical Coalition.
Hermione regretted the words as soon as they slipped out.
Like she mattered and was beautiful and like someone wanted to be with her out of lust and not obligation.
The greatest adventures and loves of her life were behind her; what was left?
But I just mean to say is that, well—" Words failed her spectacularly, and she bit down on her lip before continuing.
Turning, she saw that he was facing her yet again, yanking on the knot of his tie and sliding it from his collar with such practiced ease that Hermione felt parched.
Her skin was alive, thrumming with adrenaline and champagne as the crowd parted for her, and she stomped into a closed adjacent room, leaving Gwen securely outside, handling the crowd of reporters on her heels.
His face dipped down until his lips were brushing her neck, and she stilled, preparing herself to hex this fool.
Shaking the rain from her ankle, she brought her wand up in an umbrella charm and turned to her two employees, one of which had woken her just a few short hours ago with his head between her thighs.
His eyes stayed trained on her as he pulled the fabric free, letting her hands fall to her sides as his own wound behind her, easily finding her zipper and begging to inch it downward.
There was barely a beat of a second as the warmth of his cock sank inside her, his torso pinning her to the door as her arms wound tightly around his neck.
