She founded their own order of Saving and Protecting Elf Warriors, S. P.E.
Though handling horses (and, to lesser extent, Abraxans) is considered one of the most important aspects of training young warriors-to-be, and all knights knew how to ride, horses are not necessarily used on all missions due to problems in transportation.
I was bored so I cooked up this one.
They are, however, often unwilling to attack first, and might even withdraw from battle if the victory seems uncertain.
One particularly nasty house-elf called Kreacher had apparently admired the one single rare and fine glass window which decorated Castle Grimmauld: he had learned to transfigure glass, and cleverly transfigured the wheels of a catapult to glass instead of stone.
The Knights of Slytherin are strategists and can be very creative.
A well-functioning and trained group of Knights of Hufflepuff can take out large battalions from the enemy lines.
They also learn to handle and care for horses and their armoury.
Even the elderly Squib caretaker, Argus Filch, took part in defending the castle: he was seen emptying chamber pots over the battlements on the attackers, humiliating them severely, and was later rewarded for his services with a fine amount of Galleons and the great honour to serve in king Albus' castle.
The Knights of Gryffindor tend to wear the heaviest armour, while the Knights of Slytherin opt for the most mobile armour, preferring the ability to move fast and quietly.
wedding, as requested by Worrywart (I really need to research medieval weddings for this, though.
The Knights of Hufflepuff best work in teams.
Later, when her betrothal to Sir Severus Snape, the new Lord Prince, was announced, many witches and wizards remembered how that occasion also marked the first time the aforementioned Sir Severus had paid no attention at all to Lady Lilie Potter, much to her displeasure.
The groups are trained to move in controlled group for travel, for the armies need to be covered by specialised groups of sorcerers who use their magic to shield and hide the travelling armies of wizards.
The same colours are reflected in the banners and flags of the knights, as well as in the fabrics worn by their steeds.
The Knights of Gryffindor have a tendency to attack first and head on.
They spend countless hours from very young age to developing extra strength to their left hands, and though many prefer to use a potion before the biggest battles for extra strength, they need rigorous practice to gain the necessary strength.
The fierce house-elves attacked the siege engines themselves, transfiguring the wood to stone which cracked under heavy pressure.
None inside the castle count Disapparate for help, owls were shot down, the floo access had been blocked, and the castle was under siege.
;) No SS/HG in this one though, sorry.
They are usually also in charge of rations, bringing food and water for the entire army, which is especially necessary for The Knights of Gryffindor, who'd deploy to battle with barely any food or water rations, not to mention changes of clothes, healing potions, extra armoury or weapons.
Medieval Europe isn't really my expertise) -How the future Lady Hermione Granger first met her future husband, and their courtly love and interactions in the court of King Albus at Hogwarts Castle -How Lady Lilie Potter got spurned and humiliated (several times) -Some other medieval jobs in the wizarding world, as well as the lives of witches (an essay by Mr Rudbeckia Parkinson-Weasley for the A. D.W. U., year 2026, rejected because of blatant plagiarism) A short introduction to Medieval warrior-wizards, adapted from lectures of Mistress Minerva McGonagall to young Lady Hermione Granger, omitting the dozens of interruptions and places where the pupil took over the lecture herself by reciting something she'd read from 'Historia Magi Militibus'.)
The colours help the commanders to distinguish different Orders in the battlefield from a distance.
Lady Minerva had left Lady Hermione for a few days in order to visit her clan in Scotland.
Without their group they are, however, quite weak.
The Knights of Ravenclaw are engineers.
The serving-witches, who'd been almost paralysed by fear, were quickly given tasks and taught new ways to use their usual tools of trade, and many a dark wizard found out that while a 'Protego' stopped a curse, it did not stop a stone rolling pin or a heavy iron roast spit flung with high velocity spell.
This can cause some rather spectacular results.
They are also very predictable in battle, often employing the same patterns of casting and sword-fighting over and over again.
In the future, if I have the time: -The legendary siege of Lady Hermione at Grimmauld Castle -The future of the House of Prince, with Lady Hermione Prince and Lord Severus Prince, incl.
In defensive battle they are at their best, creating what is called "the yellow and black line" which cannot be crossed.
They are usually the spear-head of any charge, attacking to break the enemy lines.
Occupying it was also the young Hermione, Lady Granger, who'd been recently orphaned.
They, however, need to commanded rigorously, and still have the tendency to disobey their commanders, which can cause them to be led to a trap.
Lord Malfoy, a vain and conceited wizard, felt his wondrous and well-groomed hair slip off his head and land with a loud splat into a puddle on the ground, and then did Lord Lucius give a loud wail of devastation and distress, falling to his knees in horror of the dreadful damage on his hair.
Lord Malfoy had been the one to devastate Lady Granger's family castle and slaughter her family, and so his unexpected attack must have terrified the young lady, aged only sixteen at the time.
Short and sturdy, crafted from special metal and forged with spells to reinforce them, they're both a weapon and a shield, built to withstand enemy spellfire and work as conduit for magic: a skilled warrior-wizard can charge his sword with a bit of magic and then cast momentarily with both his sword and his wand.
They admire courage and are extremely loyal to their comrades and cause, which sometimes can cause problems in the bigger scale of battle.
They divide into groups that work together to a common goal by crafting and flinging very large spells, which affect large groups and objects instead of individual enemy fighters.
Lady Hermione and the elderly alchemist Flamel produced many fine potions, and one of the bravest house-elves managed to sneak into the enemy camp and slip Draught of the Living Death into one of their ale caskets: many a wizard fell to the drink before they realised what was happening, and with the lack of a potion to counter it, the fallen wizards were now useless.
Their only hope was that someone from the village close by could escape and alert the forces of King Albus, but Lord Malfoy's forces attacked the village viciously, torturing and killing the serfs who'd been unable to escape to the safety of the castle's walls in time.
They do not shy away from any battle, preferring to fight on top their large and angry steeds.
Each Order has their special abilities and capabilities, but also their flaws.
Lady Minerva, her teacher, had brought her to Anglia to learn from the best tutors and master in the realm, and she'd been taking shelter at the unoccupied Castle Grimmauld, though Lady Minerva was prepared to move her at a moment's notice, should the lecherous Lord Black return home.
They can employ Dark magic in battle, something which is mostly shunned by all other Orders, and do not shy from being ruthless and cruel to achieve victory.
In battle warrior-wizards use both their hands: they wield their wands with the dominant hand, leaving the other free for a sword.
They can abandon their steeds in battle and fight on foot, dancing through battlefield if they deem it more appropriate.
Both these High Orders accept knights from all four lower Orders based on their nobility of heart and achievements.
The trainers also teach the young warrior-wizards some basic healing spells and how to employ the basic healing potions.
Training a wizard to Apparate with a horse can take a lot of training, and training a horse to remain calm through the process can take even more: usually calming potions are used, but they tend to leave the animals lethargic for long periods of time.
The very best knights from all four Orders can one day be granted membership in one of the two highest Orders: The Order of the Phoenix and The Order of Merlin, which is the highest class of knights.
The sword of a warrior-wizard is short compared to the long broadswords wielded by many Muggle knights.
The armoury is reinforced with specialised spells and charms for protection against impacts and for mobility.
Their training is very physical.
The siege engines were rolled in, and the battle began in earnest.
Lady Hermione and the siege of Castle Grimmauld The tale of young Lady Hermione defending Castle Grimmauld against the siege of one of the Dark Lord Voldemort's most trusted generals, Lucius, Lord Malfoy, became a legend by its own right.
Sir Sirius, the current Lord Black, was a reckless and careless lecher and a drunk, who'd left the important castle, which had decayed miserably in the last decades, in the care of two very old wizards too ill and sickly to move, and a small group of five of serving-witches who, in addition to house-elves, usually served the guests on finer occasions.
Lady Narcissa, the long-suffering wife of Lord Malfoy, who was later married off to a lesser lord and sent to exile with what was left of her dowry, later funded research to develop a Pensieve, where she could finally witness her erstwhile husband's devastation, and the stories tell she snorted like a pig with gleeful laughter.
They learn battle-spells from the age of eleven, but before that they're training with pre-charged magical swords and wands that fire pre-loaded stunning and sword-charging spells.
The siege and battle for Castle Grimmauld had been won.
Witches inside used their power to reinforce the battlements and destroy the flying rocks and caskets which most likely held vicious poisons which would have rained down on the poor victims.
The castle would probably have fallen quite soon if it wasn't for the stubborn Lady Hermione, who rallied the unorganized forces to defend the castle.
Lady Sybill had a tendency to steep dried and partially crushed leaves of various plants in hot water and drink the concoction, telling the future from the soggy plants at the bottom of the cup.
One of the two elderly wizards occupying Castle Grimmauld was the ancient wizard Flamel, who, despite his advanced age, was a supreme master in Alchemy, and Lady Hermione was allowed to learn directly from him, though he found very few worthy of his time.
In the middle of this all battled Lady Hermione: the magical winds made her fabulously curly and wild mane of hair billow wildly, and she flung powerful jinxes, hexes and curses with incredible ease, powerful enough to devastate grown wizards.
The attackers became paranoid over their food and drink, especially after the same elf had sprinkled another potion over the meat, causing terrible runs for many a wizard.
The Knights of Slytherin are, in fact, said to recite secret spells of their own Order upon their armour, which enable them to move more quietly than anyone else.
Jousting is good practice for the older warrior-wizards: the lances are reinforced with magic, but instead of using a shield with their lance like Muggle knights do, the warrior-wizards use their wands to divert the impact.
W., and though the elves could scarcely hurt a witch or a wizard, they rallied to protect the castle and its inhabitants.
They also are trained in the largest array of healing spells.
These so-called Covering-Wizards also employ some extremely talented witches in their ranks: while witches are generally house-makers, wives and mothers, potioneers, herbologists and healers, hiding a a large moving often loud group of wizards and beasts requires very specialised magic and high power... Lady Granger, will you please stop waving your hand in the air?!
All warrior-wizards begin their training from a very early age.
They are usually cunning and their leaders allow them to improvise on battlefield, leading to better results than ordering them to charge upon the enemy in a wave.
All knights are therefore trained to fight on foot, and the Knights of Hufflepuff, for example, prefer to enter to fight on foot instead of horseback.
Lord Voldemort, the self-styled king of the magical Franks, ordered one of his most trusted servants, Lord Malfoy, to attack Castle Grimmauld, which was mostly unoccupied but also important in Lord Voldemort's strategy and plan of conquer.
Some use Abraxans for aerial jousting.
It took them a long time to learn how to duck, but they suffered some losses before they could understand what was going on, and a few wizards ended their lives skewered with a used spit which were used to roll a whole pork of a lamb over a fire.
The bard later described her as akin to an angel doing battle against demons, powerful and magnificent despite doing what was supposed to be a work for wizards.
The armoury is topped by a tabard and cloak in the sacred colours of the Orders: Gryffindor colours are red and gold, the Slytherins wear green and silver, Ravenclaw colours are blue and bronze, and The Knights of Hufflepuff wear black and yellow.
Queen Sybill also announced she'd prophesied the union between Lord and Lady Prince from her drink, but everyone thought she was quite insane.
She'd also predicted that one day the art of Divination would profit from such a practice, although to be refined to perfection it'd require leaves from a bush grown in a faraway land in east: none believed her, for all proper Seers knew the future could best be read from the innards of white pigeons and black goats.
The main forces of King Albus were opposing Lord Voldemort's forces elsewhere or occupying Castle Hogwarts, and so Castle Grimmauld, the ancestral castle of the Black family, had been left unoccupied.
Sometimes, though, they tend to develop strategies too complicated, which tend to backfire, and can bicker in the heat of battle for the best strategy to employ.
The battle-armour is quite heavy, although nowhere near as heavy as its Muggle counterpart.
As the catapult jumped after flinging its dangerous load against a tower, the device jumped, which not only fractured the wheels, but utterly shattered them apart, flinging sharp and lethal shards of glass over the hapless wizards who'd just been prepared the charm a new load into the catapult.
The individual fighters are usually skilled with the widest range of battle-spells, some of which are difficult to counter.
The Knights of Ravenclaw also have problems of listening to advice from the others, and the most complicated strategies are wasted when Knights of Gryffindor are in the field.
As Lady Hermione had Lord Lucius at wandpoint and at her mercy, a series of loud cracks broke the air: one of the brave house-elves had managed to sneak out and get help, and king Albus' forced had finally arrived, led by the brave and gallant sir Longbottom.
They are also easily provoked into attacking before they're supposed to.
Usually loud and boisterous, they do not always get along with The Knights of Slytherin, seeing their strategies as cowardly.
A tapestry was later woven of this event, depicting her surrounded by fighting house-elves and facing various black-clad wizards with her wands drawn in defence of her current abode.
They also employ archers from a distance.
They handle and build war-machinery, employing their crafting spells and twining it with Muggle technology, creating weapons such as ballistas and catapults that fling burning and acidic curses upon the enemy battlements and fighters, or hexes that can corrode stone into sand within hours.
It was composed to a ballad and preformed at the court of King Albus in the presence of both the king Albus and the queen Sybill, who greatly enjoyed it and rewarded the bard with a fine pouch of golden Galleons.
In the end she faced Lord Lucius, and the two fought viciously until, using great skill and intelligence, Lady Hermione managed to strike Lord Malfoy where it hurt: she Hexed his hair clean off.
The knights are divided into four Orders: The Knights of Gryffindor, The Knights of Slytherin, The Knights of Ravenclaw and The Knights of Hufflepuff.
Two wizards died, three others were wounded, and Kreacher's gleeful cackling was heard far and wide.
Still, the castle would have fallen, if not for Lady Hermione, who next rallied the humble house-elves.
While large groups of warriors with their weaponry and supplies can be moved with relative ease with Portkeys, horses can easily break their legs from the violent jolts, and they tend to panic from both the use of both Portkeys and Apparition.
The siege itself was an impressive affair.
