"Look out," Harry shouted, spotting the small dog that had been haunting his nightmares slink towards them.
Draco looked up at the girl walking past his chair.
"Are you offering as the barman or asking me on a date?"
"Lilac," Hermione replied.
"The 'how to spot a Cannons fan' quiz.
Review Please :) 225 words Written for: September Event: 22.
It's quite obvious with me going away for the full moon, honestly, I think you're the last person to work that one out.
He turned to his brother.
Romilda looked shocked, looking between the pair of them, before muttering something and leaving the table to head back to her friends.
Hermione asked, not sure why they had only said Harry's name.
Also, she knew she was missing something from the conversation the night before - but what could it be?
Hermione said, frowning at Harry.
"Actually, I'm her date," Harry said, trying not to look annoyed at the comment.
This was going to be an interesting summer.
Hermione made to walk past, but Lavender grabbed her arm, turning with Hermione and stopping her from walking away.
The drink didn't last long.
The last thing he wanted was to be at odds with a professor.
Romilda sighed, realising Harry was too busy watching Draco to remember she was even there.
came a voice behind him, and Oliver walked around the table, slipping into the seat next to Hermione.
"So… what other creatures exist?"
"I'm joking," Hermione said.
One good thing came from his sorting.
"I have not been helping Sirius get into the castle, and I certainly don't want Harry dead."
I'm not sure if she's hoping for a new family or waiting for her parents to return."
She had thought things were going so well with Ron; she thought that he was showing an interest in her.
The insect was wriggling madly.
Who would Draco have turned to about his dark mark, or would he have had to suffer in silence?
Ginny must have done the asking, because Dean was clearly terrible at this.
"He's adopted - he's the son of our best friends who both died when he was smaller."
Harry slid his hand across the table, taking Draco's hand in his own.
"It is good to see you well, Harry," she replied, hoping their lunch wouldn't be awkward.
I mean you deserve so much more than Ron," Hermione mumbled, blushing and looking away from Lavender.
All I could get was a job that paid very little in a dodgy pub.
He seemed to warm to the way she didn't care about his name or status as the Boy-Who-Lived, instead, treating him like he was the same as the others.
Prompts: Leg, Trap, Nurse, Scandal, Reading, Desk.
"I like them all to be different - to reflect my friends personalities."
It goes against everything we believe and if she can't stop being… being different, than we have no other choice."
"You're going to be the one to tell Sirius about this."
The man shrugged his shoulders.
"Ah, so do you..." Hermione smiled, and searched in her bag.
In the darkness they began to make their way towards the tree.
Remus knew what was happening.
He sat down at her table, staring at her curiously.
Gryffindor like the rest of his family.
"Uncle Sirius, what happened?"
Neville felt the blush begin to stain his cheeks.
He wanted to shake his head and give another name.
She looked at Luna as though Luna were insane.
She had resigned herself to being an outcast - someone with the brains but not the personality to be in Ravenclaw.
He must feel very alone, unsure how to handle his status and I'm always here to give advice.
Are you agreeing… Hermione, will you marry me?"
Harry shook his head, not following Oliver's gaze.
Notes were placed in certain books and she was happy to check those books out to Neville on a regular basis.
Review Please :) 400 words Distracted Gabrielle/Neville Neville couldn't look away.
Imagine the girl sitting in the orphanage cafeteria… place, all alone, abandoned by her heartless parents.
She had danced with Harry a few times, amused that he had been hiding from Slughorn, who seemed to want to show him around.
She quickly returned to her seat, Dean staring after her, a smile on his face.
"My house still isn't repaired, and it wasn't that far from the Weasley's, so I can go help my father with it all."
He's an Animagus by the name of Peter Pettigrew."
There are only inches between them now and Harry has a pleading look on his face as he fights against the potion.
When everyone else found out, it was clear that others were very disappointed.
"Do you want someone else instead of her?
"I think Luna has been right so many times, you may just have to do that, Hermione."
"He was mentioning what rings were worthy of him.
Hermione focused on Harry.
The other occupants of the table continued to eat, pretending not to be listening in on the conversation.
"She causes strange things to happen," Mrs Granger continued.
Sirius would murder him and Remus would bury his body if they knew what he really thought of Harry.
"But in the meantime, and if they don't return, we can be your family.
He beamed at Harry and Hermione as he walked to the front of the class.
(Word Count: Minimum: 300) Ultimate Chocolate Frog Challenge - (Gold): Morholt - Challenge: Write about brothers.
"Well, I better check if the others have found any of my things.
"Sure, leave," Marcus said, gesturing towards the door.
"Well everyone thinks it is... so maybe we should..." Hermione smiled at him.
You'll have your own room, we'll teach you magic.
The only thing people valued when they looked at her, gone.
She quickly learnt that doing that was the worst way, as his friend Hermione Granger glared at anyone who approached them during their homework sessions or studying time.
North: Christmas Market - Non Explodable Luminous Balloons - Prompt - Word: Burst / Character: Bill Weasley Writing Club: Disney - Songs: 3 - Stick To The Status Quo - Write about someone confessing something.
Draco stared at the plate, realising he was going to be there for a while.
"Yes," she replied with a sigh.
She wondered who it was, maybe Parvati had seen her in the Common Room and come up after her?
But when we broke up, I moved on.
The night had gone quite well.
"It makes no difference to me that you have that scar.
Sirius rolled his eyes and sighed loudly.
He watched carefully as Hermione flicked through her Divination book, wondering just why she was there.
"You should be sorry," Harry retorts.
He knew he wasn't going to leave Bill sinking into depression.
He suspected that she would have said yes had Viktor Krum not asked first.
The stairs were particularly hard to navigate, but they managed to get down them without falling - barely.
She hadn't been the only one.
"You know, this tunnel seems to lead to Hogsmeade," Harry murmured.
"I don't feel that way about her," Neville quickly supplied.
I would also very much like to discuss the poetry you've been writing about him."
But now she was eighteen and her sister couldn't tell her not to do anything.
"Oh, well I don't want too many Nargles," Harry told her.
After she had finished she made another offer, but Draco refused, hoping she would allow him to go home.
It's like a friendship bracelet."
I'll…" "Go and talk to him."
It was shocking how Hogwarts was being run these days.
