"Just stay away from me."
"I'm just trying to find out what's happening.
Bella's voice cracked as a touch of madness slipped in.
"Friends of mine that died."
"Gladly," spat Granger, spinning on her heel.
Her chest practically spilled out of the borrowed bra and her abdomen had that definition that only came from hours on the Quidditch pitch or in Hermione's case, months on the run.
But, it's a bit, er, complicated I suppose.
She needed Andy's logic and balance.
Bella twisted in her seat to glare at her.
Already it seemed as if neither witch here was on her side and it seemed a waste to push them too far over something as trivial as a name.
The vial turned from dark red to green to gold, before turning pitch black.
"Perhaps not in 1968, but you may have in 1998," McGonagall explained, watching Bella as if she expected her to implode at the drop of a hat.
She jammed her wand under the other girl's chin, not unlike how Bellatrix had once done to her.
"It wouldn't affect the past, but it would affect them at this delicate moment."
Granger was pointedly refusing to touch the knife while McGonagall's lips formed that thin line that never ended well.
How could she abandon her sisters?
McGonagall said as if speaking to a small child in the midst of a tantrum.
Where are my manners," she sneered, "I am Bellatrix Black, of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black.
Bellatrix looked away quickly, her cheeks tinged with pink.
"I will not put them through that if I can avoid it."
Hermione's heart clenched at the mention of the elf who had died saving Hermione from Bellatrix.
Two: Her body didn't hate the feeling of Granger's body pressed against hers even if the rest of her did.
She hadn't exactly taken McGonagall as a grave robber, but a lot could happen in thirty years.
I haven't seen my future self.
She blinked rapidly, her sleepy mind trying to catch up with reality.
Granger nodded stiffly, then paused, narrowing her eyes at Bella.
The door clicked behind Granger and Bellatrix's walls collapsed.
"Don't test me, Le-Black."
If you just send me back to the 10th of May in 1968, there will be no difference.
So that is where you will stay."
It looks like a warzone."
She gave the bird to my father, who was livid.
Bella wrinkled her nose as they passed by a dark smear of red on a wall.
Bellatrix smiled softly as she thought of her sister.
Granger shoved away from her, neatly catching Bella's bad side with an elbow.
McGonagall had clearly been close to be publishing research with Bellatrix.
You should've stayed dead, you psycho."
"I think that would be best.
Hermione wanted to pinch herself as she watched Bellatrix, her body untouched by war and prison yet.
Hermione asked as she spread the mixture over her own fingers.
Granger spun around, forcing Bella against a nearby wall.
She glanced up to Bellatrix's dark eyes, which shuttered instantaneously.
She of course kept that information to herself.
Hermione soon found herself with a neat pile floating behind her.
Bella blinked up at Granger, aware of a handful of things.
You have to send me back."
"Winky is thinking you should help her."
Hermione dropped her head into her hands, still trying to process the events of yesterday.
With an appropriately Hermione sized stack of books (as Ron would say), she made her way back to the common room, stopping briefly to chat with Nearly-Headless Nick.
It would seem that somebody thinks you deserve a second chance."
You haven't told me anything about the future, I haven't affected anything.
Merlin, Andy loved that little bird, called it Nymph.
Her pondering was interrupted by McGonagall saying, "Victory" which caused the portrait to swing open.
"I don't think we've had the pleasure of meeting, given that your first greeting was to hex me for no good reason.
Miss Granger, I have arranged a portkey for us to leave at 2 o'clock."
She needed her sister to tell her everything would be okay.
"You...you were having a nightmare.
The first article had been published in March 1968, but the second one had been published in 1969, a year after Bellatrix had left Hogwarts.
"Do you think I want to be here?"
Dumbledore's smile faltered, the ever present glitter disappearing.
She wasn't sure why those would be included in her research of Bellatrix Lestrange nee Black, but she figured Bellatrix must have been the topic of some research into the rise and fall of Voldemort.
One of the curtains surrounding her bed had been cut in half, the ends singed.
After consulting with my colleagues, I believe it would be best to perform a blood test.
It was a tiny thing, but it had fallen and broken its wing.
"You could just use a time-turner to send me back!
She splashed some water on her face, surprised by the deep dark circles carved beneath her eyes.
Clippings of those flipped into a folder before resting atop the stack of books.
But the cut on her hand was of little concern as she watched McGonagall tapped the vial three times and murmured, "Sanguinis veritatem."
Hermione tried not to think too much about how many of Voldemort's supporters disappeared, but it was hard not to when one was smirking up at her from the Prophet.
"The last thing I remember is a Quidditch match for Merlin's sake!
"There is certainly a lot to take in.
Bellatrix's mouth fell open.
You have just made everything infinitely more complicated.
More out of necessity than anything else, but she does love it.
Term let out early this year, which is why it's so empty."
"None of your business if you'd like to go back to your time."
I can't in good conscience allow you to alter the past or the future, Miss Black."
What happened to my family.
It was a handy spell she had invented in her fifth year after one too many difficulties with Madam Pince over the location of specific texts.
McGonagall motioned to the knife on the table.
As she said it, the corner of Bellatrix's mouth ticked up as if she was just waiting for Hermione to yell at her again.
Bella visibly gulped, her dark eyes fixed on Granger's amber ones.
"If I might make a suggestion, Minerva, I would advise fetching Mrs. Malfoy and Mrs.
It is merely this form and this moment in time that Death has chosen for you to attempt again.
But Madam Pince had quickly dispatched it with the help of a couple of Ravenclaws.
She had only been in Gryffindor tower once for an ill-advised hook-up in her sixth year.
I think I'll take your advice."
This was her blood, but her blood in the future.
"I told you not to call me that..." Hermione trailed off in an almost question as she stared at Bellatrix, who was in just a bra and her pyjama bottoms.
Hermione let out a snort of laughter.
She shot to her feet, wishing desperately she at least had her wand on her.
But then again, one time had been at a Quidditch match, the other her sister had been torturing Hermione.
Bellatrix, despite the pain in her body, shot to her feet.
The panic began to roll through her body.
She didn't want to be a child, but she so desperately wanted her sister there, the only one who knew how to deal with her moods and comfort her and patch up her wounds.
"Miss Hermione is sleeping on the couch."
Allow me to show you to the Gryffindor common room."
She was hoping one day to market it as a research tool, but other things had taken priority.
At least let me speak with Andy," she pleaded.
And three: she was so utterly beyond overwhelmed and terrified.
