"The stork brought him," Hermione explained.
Hermione grinned back, scooping the cakes onto a little plate.
"Mummy, is Mrs Longbottom still all big and fat?"
Hermione sighed in defeat.
Celesca sneezed as the pepper went up her nose.
"Sophie said I can put Merlin on top of the tree this year.
Hermione simply shook her head and continued to rock baby James, who was cooing on her shoulder.
"Hit Wizards...for a meatball?"
It might have just cracked and fallen off and come out in your wee wee or something."
What do you think it was?"
Hermione put a little pile of sultanas and a little pile of chocolate chips in front of Sophie, then one in front of Celesca, then turned to put the bakestone on to heat up.
"I'm the one making the tree all nice and pretty for Nanny Catrin.
"I was thinking of going all the way to Hit Wizards."
"And that means being tickled for a whole minute as punishment!
"Yes, that's probably it," Celesca nodded.
You didn't give me a liquorice wand," Celesca replied, stubbornly.
"Your father doesn't believe in racial discrimination."
"And just what am I supposed to do, while all three of my favourite girls are doing all this fabulous baking?"
But then, she decided, her Mummy and Mrs Longbottom were both very powerful witches and could probably add extra days in or something if they wanted to.
"It hurts a bit," said Hermione, honestly.
"All little girls and boys start out like that."
"Just so she could have three wriggly children with me!"
"You are not," Sophie protested vehemently.
Her name was Enola and she had a daughter, too, who was also nine-years-old, the same as Hermione's eldest.
"I want Nanny Cat to say how pretty my tree is, but Mimi just wants to play with it!"
"A tadpole goes into an egg - which doesn't have a shell, which is not like any egg I've ever heard of - and it turns into a baby.
"They certainly can," Hermione agreed.
"Because baby James cries all the time," Sophie whined.
Celesca Potter was excited, too.
"But I don't want to," Hermione replied, with equal drama.
Which turned the whole mood of the house to one of uproar, as Sophie began to cry in a very different way.
Even if she did say so herself.
You know how messy your Daddy is."
And her older sister, wiggling her perfectly besocked toes next to her, in their not-so-secret hiding place, was firm in her belief that such lessons had to be learned alone, as good training for later life.
"I'll give you a wand if I get one, Mummy," said Celesca.
Celesca remembered, excitedly.
The living room was a picture of festiveness.
"No," Sophie and Celesca chimed.
Celesca looked horrified at the story, as though she'd read it in The Monster Book of Monsters.
You don't want to look messy for your Grandma, do you?"
"Did you ever have Daddy, Mummy?"
"Which is a shame," Harry added, ruefully.
"How did baby James get inside you in the first place?"
I like that bit the best."
She frowned angrily, looking like a very cross ghost.
It would have been easier than using a stork."
"Alison told me that her Mummy got her baby in her because her Daddy loves her very much and he put it there," said Sophie.
"Now, now girls, don't row," said Hermione lightly.
And other animals do it differently again.
Hide and Seek - A Harmony One-Shot.
"That's just weird," said Sophie, deliciously disgusted and fascinated all at once.
"It's quite a smelly one, too."
"But how do you know she likes monsters?"
Celesca giggled at that, but Sophie simply frowned.
"As you've made three babies now."
She keeps hitting my baubles off!"
"Oh no, Mummy, I'll be doing the baking," said Celesca, proudly.
Because, after all, everyone liked monsters, really.
She didn't know if she'd ever accept the existence of such a thing.
And, as the three Potter ladies sat and ate their lovely little Welsh Cakes, as they waited for the Longbottoms to arrive, none of them were going to disagree with that.
She liked monsters, she thought they were the best thing, and she couldn't possibly see how Mrs Longbottom wouldn't like them, too.
"Thank you, Daddy," said Sophie, snuggling into his shoulder and sending a dagger-laden look at Hermione under Harry's arm.
Once they'd drunk their tea, and ate all the ginger biscuits from Celesca's oven, they were far too full for anything else, so Celesca climbed up into Grandma's lap to read the story.
"And it isn't a nice thing to ask, is it Miss Potter?"
And your sister will be next!"
"Everyone's had Daddy by now!"
"You're on my side, aren't you, Mummy?"
"Don't worry, we can make you some more," said Hermione.
Sophie flicked her dark-haired head from her tree decorating.
Little Celesca giggled as she watched.
Muffled giggles crept from beneath the thick quilt, quickly followed by a cross little shush from Sophie, was was older, wiser and a much better hider.
She tried not to be too tickled by her Daddy's silent spell when it settled lightly on her.
"I suppose it is sort of like that," Hermione replied, scrunching her nose at her girls.
It made sure she didn't burn herself by accident.
"Well, Mummy, I really don't know," Harry began dramatically.
"But then you get the baby and you're so full of love for them you forget all about it."
Nanny can watch to make sure it doesn't burn, then we will eat it all in bed while I read her a story."
"As you've had three now."
"You must like making babies with Daddy, though," said Celesca.
"And there's a little girl downstairs who will be very stompy if we don't do down and see the tree she's been working so hard on."
You know how fat he's getting."
"And very pretty they are, too," said Grandma.
Even baby James burped happily.
"Well, he just seems too big…to fit," said Celesca, looking at her own belly for comparison.
I had the gravy ready and everything."
"Mummy just doesn't like to lose, sweetheart," said Harry, grinning over at Hermione, who frowned back and made a face at him.
"But this one is," said Grandma, rocking James gently.
"Chocolate chips, as I like them better like that," Sophie countered.
"I don't want tea," said Sophie, haughtily.
Little Celesca was only six, and she'd not quite mastered the art of dressing herself properly yet.
"You said I always smelled of roses."
"I was Petrified, remember?"
Hermione crossed to her and helped her up.
Celesca poked her tongue at her sister and led Grandma Granger and Harry upstairs to Grandma's room.
Hermione raised her eyebrows at her daughter, then at her cat, who suddenly clung on harder with her sharp claws.
"You're quite right," said Hermione, nodding.
"And do all people make babies in that way?"
Celesca, who was usually very afraid of ghosts, just laughed at laughed at this one, but she stopped laughing when Sophie threw handfuls of flour and caster sugar over her.
Celesca complained, her expression furiously, adorably, cross.
"Sultanas," said Celesca decisively.
