What happened that gave you that goofy smile on your face?"
She remembered the way he placed her hand on his arm as they took a walk around the gardens.
But somehow, I know that's not the only reason.
Hermione glared at her friend and answered, "Because I'd rather nip it in the bud before I get my hopes up again!
He made an abrupt stop as he felt a certain pull that came from the bookshop on his right.
It was the kind of place that Hermione could never have eaten at in her entire lifetime, so she was somewhat also looking forward to tasting their dishes tonight.
The first thing Harry noticed about the office was that it felt very cozy.
"I'm bloody scared of getting my hopes up.
"Because I enjoyed my time with you last night," Harry said.
He gave her a smile and a wave goodbye before heading back to the lifts.
"Then why not have dinner with me?"
Hermione released a breath she didn't know she was holding when the door opened.
She wanted to tell him everything, it's like his eyes were compelling her but her fears still far outweighed that desire.
Harry nodded in response.
I'm quite happy to see you again, Hermione," he said.
Without waiting for his agreement, she walked around the reception desk and opened a door next to the stairs.
She had planned on taking a mastery in Charms and Spell Development after she graduated from Beauxbatons but had to postpone it when her life turned upside down before the end of her fifth year.
Live plants were also hung and scattered around the room, giving it a refreshing and relaxing feel.
She gave a sympathetic smile and asked,"Still a no?"
Maybe it was that connection which he mentioned before, though she didn't know yet if that was true.
So, this pursuit of Harry Potter utterly baffled her.
He glanced briefly above her to confirm that this was the office of her business.
Margarethe nodded and closed the door behind her.
"Actually, I came here to see you," he replied easily.
He paused as he opened the door, "You look beautiful today.
You are a strong, amazing, and loving woman.
I'm surprised you're in quite early today, considering there was an event last night," Alice said, a gentle smile on her face.
A knock on the door made her jump a little and interrupted her thoughts.
He checked the card in his hand again as he read the signs on the storefronts.
She stared at him for what felt like forever, deciding whether to be honest with him or not.
Of course, there were still those who tried to propagate the sanctity of purebloods but they were few and not a lot of people bought into the propaganda anymore.
I don't want to be just a notch on someone's belt.
Her face was makeup-free, and although she was gorgeous when she was made up as she was at the party, he decided he much preferred the more natural look on her.
We're just standing here by the door.
It seemed she was talking more to herself than to Harry.
He decided that honesty was the best way to approach this woman.
And don't forget, he's bloody famous worldwide.
Having made up his mind regarding the mysterious brunette, he looked at the clock on the nightstand beside the bed.
the younger woman inquired excitedly.
"Oh I know you and Stephen can run this place perfectly without me," she replied with a laugh.
"Good morning, Mr. Potter!
"That's a load of bullshite, Hermione," Alice rolled her eyes again.
She looked at his eyes and only saw sincerity there.
I'd like to check out, please," he replied as he gave the man the keycard to his room.
You don't know if he'll run away after you tell him the truth, like those jerks you've dated before.
Some were animated and moving, some even sang or talked to the patrons strolling along the busy street.
"You know that I know the reason why she's hesitant but it's not my story to tell.
Harry Potter could have had any woman he wanted.
I was too busy to meet anyone."
She turned back to face him, trying to keep herself calm.
She had to refrain from laughing at the red-faced man when he walked away in embarrassment but she gave the chef a subtle thumbs up.
Margarethe sat up and glared at her, "Stop right there!
He simply ignored them in favor of looking at Hermione from afar.
The Puddlemere Team management didn't want their players to apparate while intoxicated because that may cause some accidents.
The younger woman inquired eagerly.
He strolled down the lively lane, passing by shop after shop, some he had visited before and some he made a mental note to check out some other time.
Harry tipped the muggle baseball cap he was wearing and gave the man behind the front desk a small wave.
You won't even give the poor man a chance!
"So what, you're going to wait until you're too old to start dating again?"
Beyond that was a long counter table that looked like the receptionist's area, and it seemed it was used as a barrier to close off the back part of the room.
Two shelves lined the wall behind the bar with one layer filled with mugs and glasses.
To the left of the front desk, where Harry came from, was where the lifts and the entrance to the hotel's restaurant and bar were located.
"Before she left, I asked her if she would have dinner with me.
She was smart and competent, despite her being quite a gossip, which he was planning to exploit a bit in the next few minutes.
Harry sighed and raked his fingers through his perpetually disheveled hair.
"No, you're in the right room," he replied, and gave her a lopsided smile.
He made sure all of his things were already packed in his overnight bag then left the hotel room.
The blonde woman nodded in understanding.
"I—of course, I did," she replied softly.
Hermione still could not look at the younger woman.
As he looked at the brunette woman, he was again floored by how beautiful she was, and he wondered briefly at the strength of his attraction to her.
I was the one who contacted them and coordinated with them regarding the party.
He wondered how he could get in touch with her as he realized he didn't even remember to ask for her contact number.
"So did Harry Potter ask to see you again?"
"You're most welcome, sir.
Although I took the liberty of ordering our drinks.
Harry looked at Margarethe and when she gave him a smile and a nod, he immediately walked towards Hermione who was waiting by the opened door.
She could feel a headache coming.
When she gave her name to the woman at the entryway of the restaurant, the maître d′ came rushing to meet her and lead her to one of the private rooms at the back of the restaurant.
"So I've noticed," Alice remarked with a wry grin.
And I doubt the bloke even cares about the status quo.
"Are you ready to order?"
Alice laughed at her boss. "
She didn't know how long she stood there after Harry had left the room.
And for some unfathomable reason, he wanted to date her.
Of course, despite being loaded with work up to her neck between the bookshop and The Magic Touch, she couldn't disregard potential new clients.
"I said the timing was off and I don't have time to date," Hermione shrugged.
"Have you made your choices, monsieur et madame?"
I honestly don't buy the 'I'm too busy' excuse she's been throwing at me.
Just make sure to invite me to whatever party you're planning on having," she said with her eyebrow raised, but there was a smile on her face.
Alice asked incredulously.
This was not one of those instances.
And I'll be gone for a few days so I want everything done before then."
I'm sure the party ended quite late."
He took a step forward, intending to check out the bookshop when a voice called out from his left.
You have your own business, for Circe's sake!
I'm going to leave you for now, but I hope you give this," he raised his hand and gestured between the two of them, "a bit of thought because you know I'm right."
It's not like she lacked admirers and suitors, they simply didn't interest her enough or they didn't date long enough for them to stick around.
In the few minutes she spent with him, she felt like he already knew her for so long, and she, him.
I've never met a man quite like him," she admitted and the blush on her face remained.
