So when they were given the choice to stay or go, she left, not even looking back once.
She refuses to do that to herself.
She'd questioned him, but in the end, she'd trusted his judgement.
'It's a thing,' Mundungus said confidently.
Ginny was able to look positively angelic when she wanted to.
To him, maybe it was, but to her, the advice was useless.
She was more likely to show affection through sarcasm than compliments.
A/N: Prompt: George Weasley Whenever anybody thought of heroes, they pictured a Gryffindor: brave, foolhardy, comfortable with attention and accolades.
And it was clear that if Vincent had to choose between them, he'd side with Draco every time.
The friends who weren't Aurors were still doing something important.
'Well, we are half-French,' Louis said.
Deep down, he knows that's not important.
Remus took his quill and drew a small symbol on the back of the piece of parchment.
His only option was to stay at Hogwarts and face the dangers as they came.
After all, James was proving to be quite the Keeper, and Albus' cousin Rose was at the top of her year in almost all of her subjects.
Honestly, they would have done better adopting a stranger's child.
'Aunt Hermione has been trying to change things for years and hasn't managed it.
Tom would have hated that.
Perhaps, as much as Draco liked having people fawn over him, it would do Greg good to stand up for himself sometimes.
There were so many other things she could have been doing with her time.
Sitting in his living room, listening to the silence downstairs, he made a decision.
'Wow,' Peter said, amusement flickering in his eyes.
And while he trusted his associate to bring him the potion, how could he be certain?
He kept tabs on Sirius from afar, the fact that he seemed to be having a good life easing some of Alphard's conscience.
After all, standing up for what was right was just as important in peacetime as in war.
Weasley was actually why Cormac had decided to try out.
Is she scared that her boyfriend will leave her for the stunning Miss Delacour, or is she too conceited for that?'
If he didn't know, however, there was a chance, albeit a small one, that he would return to the cause eventually, or at least support it from afar.
A/N: Build A Zoo prompt: 'It's a thing.'
He believed in the cause, but if he didn't, would he have joined anyway?
But it had been misguided.
There was nothing practical he could offer that they couldn't get from anyone else over there, and it was foolish to quit his job when he had no way of knowing when or even if fighting would break out.
With a few quick spells, they helped to turn the tide against the remaining Death Eaters.
She could have told the others that she was too uncomfortable to continue and simply gone about the rest of the year as if she had never heard of the DA.
If he was going to kill the Headmaster, he had to make sure he was ready.
It isn't until a conversation with Lily Luna many years on that he reconsiders.
The man he'd captured gasped as ropes twisted tightly around him, pushing his limbs together and holding him in place.
'I'll see what I can do.'
Although his parents had shielded him for it for as long as they could, they had sat him down to explain it when he was ten, almost a year before he left for Hogwarts for the first time.
She'd thought she'd passed the point where she was assigned the boring tasks just because she was the only woman on the team.
Shortly afterwards, voting began.
But that didn't mean she thought Draco had fully redeemed himself, either.
Yes, it's dangerous; yes, it's the right and brave and heroic thing to do.
Her fight was over, and she wanted it to stay that way.
Even if she made it through, she didn't think she could survive knowing that he had been able to raise his wand against her.
Every now and again, he had to leave to buy food, but even then, he just Apparated a few towns over and then went to a Muggle grocery store.
No scrape was too difficult, no hex too dangerous.
He can't hold in the frustrated sigh that has become an almost instinctive response to seeing, hearing, or reading anything to do with that woman.
Besides, if anything could convince the other children that Scorpius was on the straight and narrow, it was being friends with a Potter.
For years, she had stayed away from the Dursleys' house.
That old house was full to the brink of old, valuable objects, any one of which could feed Mundungus for a year.
But he couldn't deny that if the Dementors hadn't interfered, Potter would never have fallen off his broom.
If he had let Arcturus know about his concerns, or asked Orion and Walburga to ease off, or told Sirius that he was welcome to move in with him, would the outcome have been different?
No, Bill hadn't closed quit his job, but then he'd opened his house up to shelter Harry and spoken out publicly against the Death Eaters.
'Apparently,' Teddy said, 'since we all know werewolves are such a burden on society, they should pay for the resources the government spends on keeping track of them.'
Bellatrix would not be swayed.
In a way, he couldn't blame the others.
'Do you remember what I told you?'
But he'd had nothing to do with it.
She didn't know what form the boggart would take, exactly, but she knew what it would represent.
Since you're finished' — with a sweep of his wand, he vanished the remnants of the potion — 'you may leave for the day.'
Just as he used his blessings to help them, they were using theirs to do him a favour in return.
How could he be friends with people who still viewed Harry the same way he used to and didn't understand why he didn't want to insult him anymore?
Not once did she think it would lead to her death, or to her leaving such a precious family heirloom in a hollow tree in Albania.
Theo's parents told him Muggle-borns pollute bloodlines, yet Granger's at the top of their year and Crabbe and Goyle are at the bottom.
She didn't have control of the change yet, so she spent most of the time helplessly flapping about on the floor of the seventh-year girls' dormitory.
There was a chance that her actions wouldn't amount to anything.
And she saw what became of her potion.
But she loves the knowledge that it's something for them and them alone.
They would have been, if it weren't for Dumbledore's sacrifice.
It barely even registered as she rushed past his body.
Putting thousands of children, professors, and animals in danger by sneaking out of the Shrieking Shack every full moon with his friends despite knowing what will happen if he bites someone?
There were so many things that he couldn't discuss even with his closest friends for fear of a security breach.
They had always been good duellists, but they were out of practice, and other people were braver, or had more experience, or were closer to the conflict, or didn't have an unborn child to think about, or… There were so many reasons to stay out of it, and Molly had seized on every single one.
It seems that, between that year and the battle itself, many of his old schoolmates now see him as some sort of leader.
Cradling Scorpius against her chest, Narcissa stared down into her grandson's clear blue eyes.
Promises of a life of safety and convenience fell from his lips like music to her ears.
Details about past addresses were fairly innocuous, after all.
He had stood out from an early age, even when he didn't mean to.
When he was a child, he'd longed to be known.
The last thing he wanted was to see all the students who had opted to stay and fight, risking their lives for a war that wasn't theirs to begin with.
She had no compunctions about taking what she wanted and stopping what she didn't.
The moment they added their targets' hairs to the potion, their plot would turn from a foolhardy academic experiment into a serious breach of individual autonomy.
People told him he was lucky as if it were a good thing, but he didn't want to be lucky if it meant life without his twin.
Albus and Aberforth both thought it was unknowable, but that was because it hadn't been them.
Mere days later, just after Frank returned from dropping Neville off at Augusta's house for the evening, they arrived.
Why hire someone without a wand when they can hire someone with one?
But the book wasn't funny; the jokes were.
Is it not true that the caster has to want to cause pain for it to work?
But even small rebellions could reap great benefits, and for the two of them, it meant the world.
If they lost, he would be dead or in prison; while it wouldn't be for the crime, it would be enough to satisfy her.
'I don't know,' he admitted.
His father had had to take unpaid time off work, leaving them to survive on their savings, so the luxuries and conveniences they were used to had been out of the question.
No, the twins hadn't closed the shop, but then Fred — But then Fred had given up something far greater.
Avery was silent, and there was even more division in the ranks behind him.
Gryffindor would have won.
The first thing she noticed was that her strictness remained, but her fairness returned tenfold.
So when Dumbledore offers him the position of caretaker at Hogwarts, he's hesitant.
While Albus was compared to his father and found wanting, Scorpius was ignored because they assumed he was too similar to his.
But he didn't want to risk causing more of a stir by sprinting through the town square.
