"What are you all doing here?"
"Even though the families know one another, this is, officially, the initial, everyone-from-both-sides, make-your-acquaintance event," Daphne went on.
Each of the Bergs got a single accommodation in the Potter Manor Dungeon.
Narcissa sat down and took Cordelia's hand.
She convinced him he was young again, he could perform as a man.
You'll have to be patient.
"Ahhh…I knew she was hitting it a little too hard," Cyrus said.
There aren't any in our part of London."
To reach that point would take months of work, building an alliance of two, and two families, against the cruelty of the world and the whims of Fate.
"Actually, since you ask," Harry began, moving on to a very general outline of a problem that a magical acquaintance had brought to his attention, his thoughts on extracting the acquaintance from the immediate threat to the individual, and, by extension, the family, and a proposal he thought merited consideration by Gringotts.
He didn't know why, but for some reason he liked to play the squeak, as if the chair were a musical instrument.
The gap between them, that had been narrowing, now closed completely, as the two embraced, cheeks together.
There's all kinds of business I need to discuss with you but something is pressing right this minute and the other will have to wait."
No, let's pay with galleons.
"Morag is doing well," Pansy began.
Daphne looked Harry in the eye.
Just let me observe, for your consideration: Love unexpressed is love withheld.
Romilda looked ready to speak, but Harry held up his hand, cutting her off.
That was probably the smartest thing I've ever done.
Furthermore, with Pansy and Romilda stashed in Blackpool, Harry and Daphne would be able to unpack all of Cyrus' financial entanglements without the distraction of Bergs looking over their shoulders.
"Your stuff, from the house, don't worry about the other," said Harry.
I can see from here the powder room has had a makeover."
Even if she's been gone for a few years her childhood providers have records.
Harry saw his loan officer had been occupying the other guest chair.
Cyrus and Cordelia sat upright so quickly they could have been subjected to a substantial electrical shock.
"A paperweight to the side of one of your brother wizard's head.
"I didn't think you'd be ready until tomorrow."
Harry had a little income from earnings on investments, primarily shares in the profits of two potions that were perennial best-sellers with no effective competition in the market.
He didn't enjoy the fish and he didn't enjoy keeping the emotion tamped down.
Those interactions were the primary reason she chose a career in healing.
Harry watched as Pansy took another bite of her sandwich and started to chew.
Pansy enjoyed doing the things Harry asked her to do, like tracking down missing classmates who were practically on the edge of the tundra.
"Not that I can think of," said Harry, adding, "Unless I think of a product I can sell."
"I assume you're going by apparition."
She pulled Pansy into a hug, a long, almost-crushing hug.
The old but still bright and alert witch had shrunk into herself in the intervening weeks since Pansy last visited.
I know that sounds ridiculous."
Harry was a bit rueful to admit he had forgotten to take such a simple, Golden Rule action before leaving.
"Harry," she began, but Harry interrupted her.
She threatened me with all kinds of things.
"I was sixteen when my father sold me to Lorenzo.
Dieter Berg stood still, just the other side of the threshold.
Do you think that you and Daphne can get to the bottom of it all?"
Would you like an owl, bearing a note once in awhile?"
"That's when it occurred to me, in a flash, that a wizard who'd go to that much trouble to help out, not only me, but my whole family, a wizard smart enough to conceive it and with the substance to get the goblins on his side, that wizard might be what my core, the Greengrass inside me, had been waiting for.
"Okay," Harry said, noting the redundancy in comment but feeling at a loss for having anything more constructive to contribute.
They went to the elevator bank and pushed the button in the brass surround.
"Daisy, what would you think you'd do if we started on a complete makeover inside these two?
When he got enough notes he'd draw little boxes around them.
"A little water to go with it," answered Harry.
"Where have you taken me, you kidnapper?
"How did you shop, when you first got back to London?"
"I liked being in the office.
"Let me send some notes," she said.
"Hermione and I were discussing Regulus," Harry began.
"There are a few things at Livia's.
It was down in the dungeon under a ton of trash, but still in great shape.
"A year or two younger than Derek.
She wondered if she'd get a coherent answer.
"I don't know, Harry," Daphne said, freeing Harry from his reverie.
Harry couldn't think of anything else right then.
There is a little church about two miles away.
"Daphne, I really so appreciate that," said Morag.
Then he looked at Cordelia.
To this day…well, I don't suffer a lot of hangovers.
"I look forward to many years of partnership."
"If I don't go with you, you're liable to try breaking in and then you'll be obliged to answer those questions I mentioned."
Harry stopped and stood upright.
"Not from me," said Cordelia.
The window job sounded like an excellent challenge.
Lady Daphne is very learned and loves you very much, so she wouldn't steer you wrong, would she?
"I wonder if they'd let me buy one to take?"
It was unrealistic to expect witches to miss something like the boat, the lake, the infieri.
Sorry, that's prying, isn't it?"
"She has much more knowledge on these matters than either you or me."
Still, Livia managed a smile across one side of her face.
"Dagger in the cup, then the cup to the garden," said Harry.
"Kreacher will return with your sandwiches, Master," said Kreacher.
Blaise led the group out into the other room, then Morag showed everyone the way to the back door.
Since the moment they entered the flat and all through dinner her Greengrass magic had been feeling stronger and stronger stirrings of affection and attachment for Potter, Black, Peverell and Potter Manor.
"Hang on," Harry muttered as he dropped Daphne's arm and threw his around her waist.
There was very little prejudice against people who couldn't use magic, so squibs tended to stay with their families until they had acquired the skills for self-sufficiency in the mundane world.
Harry looked down and saw a ring.
We don't have to push it.
"Daphne wanted to talk about work," Morag said.
You can't take it with you."
"Young Sirius and Regulus are delightful dinner companions.
"Mmm…Excellent coffee this morning, Kreacher," she called out, trying to project across the hall and down the few steps to the kitchen.
"You might not tolerate the milk and sugar right now."
Laurent Selwyn appeared to have gotten over his disappointment with his family's failed negotiations with Cyrus Greengrass.
If you don't, that's too bad because I will be forced to subdue you so you can watch me first interrogate the young lady in front of you."
"Strictly for research purposes.
He might have to react quickly, even if the charms worked as intended.
He also needed to think of some way to thank his mother properly for the tip on the wedding band.
"You could have left a little bit longer to walk.
Their fee is based on the valuation and ends up costing me around eighty percent of the profit in an average year.
He was pretty sure he knew the counter-spell.
"Thank-you, Kreacher," Daphne said, accepting the tea.
"Teeth like a toothpaste advertisement, gelled-up brown hair, blue blazer and a tieless white shirt.
"Good," Harry said, then again, "Good.
