He'd laughed with her by the fireplace, sipping brandy, and told her about how he knew that she was a special witch, and he knew that she would do great things if she only just followed his path, followed his instructions.
Rodolphus is definitely hot and cold right now, but he's definitely working through some stuff right now.
Still, she clapped politely every time a new flushed face was assigned to Gryffindor.
"I'm not -" Hermione started to say, wondering just how she was going to talk her way out of this situation.
She still remembered the taste of firewhiskey on his lips and the way that he'd touched her, pressing her to want him much more than she ever had.
"And does the newest member of Gryffindor house have a name?"
A packet of sugar quills would have been lovely to have.
Rodolphus caught her lips in a kiss that was familiar, but still just as exciting as the first one that they had shared together.
The idyllic little scene that Bellatrix had narrated was nothing at all like the rather chaste kiss that they had shared.
Bellatrix laughed, before pushing her long, wavy black hair over her shoulder.
She was more excited to be cooking with Rodolphus to begin with.
Hermione felt her shoulders hang heavy.
She should have figured it out earlier that breaking off the betrothal was Bellatrix's plan all along.
she asked, wondering if he was still hoping that Rodolphus would join the Death Eaters, and if he would be successful in his quest.
It wasn't that she didn't like spending time with Cedrella, just that it wasn't her ideal way to spend the summer.
Instead, she leaned her back against the desk, looking Hermione up and down.
"I've got plenty of uncharitable things to say about Weasley, if you need," Rodolphus quipped, smirking at her.
"So you are just going to completely write me off because of my family?"
I just think that he might have lost his way a little bit…" she offered, hoping that was the truth.
If her friends had noticed the unusual interaction she'd had with the two seventh year boys, they were pointedly not saying anything about it, and for once, Hermione was grateful.
Arthur laughed at her comment.
There were doors on either side of the powder room, the first leading into a guest room that Rodolphus confessed he hadn't had any uses for so far, but his friends had been talking about coming down for a visit.
Hermione could not get a handle on what Bellatrix was trying to do here.
There was no one inside the Three Broomsticks when she entered, save for the pretty barmaid.
"I love you too much to let something like that come between us."
And I hear they have veela there - is that true?"
It seemed to scream and advertise the wealth that Rodolphus's family had.
I was cleared to go back to practice last week, but I'm still not at a hundred percent yet.
The curriculum was just not as challenging here in the late 60s as what she was used to in her correct time and she didn't have her swotty reputation to fall back on to ask her professors for additional work for extra credit.
Shaking her head, Hermione tried to let herself get into the game.
"And just how many boys have you had whispering in your ear?"
Breaking their kiss, she looked down at him with purpose, ignoring Rodolphus's disappointed pout.
he demanded, clearly irritated that he was being reduced to something that he almost couldn't control.
"Been spending a lot of time daydreaming over the color of my hair, have you Hermione?"
"Even though the both of you are insistent that I shouldn't worry about it, and Bellatrix has been particularly insistent that I go for you...I don't really want to get a reputation as someone who is disrupting a betrothal."
Hermione was constantly full of anxiety, worried about changing something irreparably.
But don't worry, Hermione.
Rodolphus held his hands up in mock surrender.
"He's been waiting for you since last night," she teased.
"Sugar quills," she finally told him.
So thank you so much kristeristerin!
She thought about how long Hogwarts had been there, standing sentinel over the landscape, putting her momentary blip of life into perspective.
"You guys, please," she whined, wanting to nip the whole Arthur thing in the bud.
Even though the rest of their witnesses were back - she very much doubted he would try to kiss her in front of all these students - she still wasn't ready to talk to him either.
"Come on, what's not to like about him?
"We should be studying, not kissing," she scolded.
Just, the timing was inconvenient.
"Of course," the handsome one answered, leading his brother towards the door.
he said, pulling away from her and looking at her with shock clear in his eyes.
"He seems pretty decent, actually."
"I just don't want you to get sucked into their...their propaganda," Hermione explained, hoping that she was making the right decision, telling him this.
"A library without any books?"
How was she supposed to be able to yell at him and be furious with him when there would be so many people watching?
"You really expect me to believe that?"
"What do you want, Cissa?"
"Apparently it was because the Malfoy's want Narcissa for Lucius, but they needed some assurances that the Black family was good stock because of what happened with Andy last year."
I am excited that you are enjoying this different Bellatrix.
"Oh, stop worrying so much about appearances Granger, and go and snog your beau.
"I am sure that she is such a sweet girl.
Her traitorous mind brought her attention back to Rodolphus.
She'd never been up for chat about guys before, and she was unprepared to participate in it now.
Once again, she was reminded of the future barrelling towards her.
"But it would only be my suggestion that you try to operate as if you did not have this advanced knowledge.
Elna rolled her eyes at the pair of them.
A/N: Thank you all so much for your reviews, favorites and follows!
"Fine - if that's the way you want it to be mudblood," Bellatrix sneered, standing up to her full height.
I can't put it off forever, no matter how much I don't want have that conversation.
It seemed to take up nearly the whole floor of the building, with a luxe looking living room.
"He tried to possess another of our friends in the Chamber of Secrets, but Harry went after him and destroyed the Diary with a basilisk fang."
"Your a nice, smart, pretty new student here.
"Whatever Weasley," he said, obviously annoyed that they'd been interrupted, before turning on his heel and marching off in the direction of the Slytherin table.
She could hear him make a rumble of pleasure at the turn of events, and deepened the kiss until she could think of nothing but the way it felt to be pressed up against Rodolphus, and how long it had last been since she was under him.
Her tears were now threatening to spill over.
"I confess I might like to see you in one of their uniforms.
Please let me know what you thought of chapter fourteen and be on the lookout for chapter fifteen soon!
"That's a conclusion I've come to myself," Hermione said, eyebrows furrowed together, remembering all the times that Dumbledore had told her to act like a normal teenagers and not concern herself with the timeline.
In turn, Rodolphus told her about his time at the Ministry, filled with all the research that he insisted was boring, even though it was clear that he was beginning to find it more enjoyable, not that he knew a bit more about how everything worked.
A/N: Thank you all so much for your reviews, favorites and follows!
"Hm, I can see why," Hermione said smartly, thinking that it was a good idea to keep him, especially if he was in this much pain still.
Rodolphus must have enjoyed the position as well, because he made no move to flip them, content to let her set the pace.
"I suppose technically," she said before adding further clarification.
"I've been trying to be understanding, but it's been months now, Hermione."
"I didn't need your help.
"Well, I hope that they make each other happy," Hermione said grimly, knowing all too well how the marriage would work out.
Hermione giggled, leaning back into him.
Hermione supposed that that made sense to her.
Rodolphus did not take her chiding sitting down.
Their lips met tenderly, not full of unbridled passion in the heat of the moment, but rather sweet and honest, each one of them pouring the true depths of their feelings, of their affection, of their love for one another into the kiss.
"What are you doing here?"
She was vivacious and had a spectacular laugh and Hermione just knew that Molly and Arthur would make each other very happy.
Arthur asked, his cheeks growing pink at the word romantic, but not denying that that was what he'd been thinking.
"And I didn't ask him to hurt you.
Turning slowly with a smile, expecting to see Elna sweeping in with a grin and a demand for details, she was surprised to see that it was none other than Bellatrix Black darkening her door.
"I have faith in you, Hermione," she said with one last smirk.
She thought that Rodolphus was just about the worst person she could tell the truth to, if she was honest with herself, but she wasn't sure how to tell him that.
Fawn was traveling to Switzerland with her aunt for a portion of the summer, and promised to bring them both back some chocolate.
There was no point getting attached to anyone in this time.
It was not even five minutes later that someone was slipping into the chair across from her.
Have you heard of the Come and Go Room?"
"Don't get completely dressed," Rodolphus begged.
