Hermione would've slapped more sense into him ages ago if she was Fleur, but she supposed the scandal would be too much for a champion to bring on their school.
Fleur gave her a soft smile but tears had already started to fall.
You saw me struggle and you went out of your way to help me."
"Fleur…" Fleur brought her head back up and Hermione pulled her back down for a deep kiss.
The bruises already started to fade, as did many of the superficial cuts, but the Mudblood was still clear on her arm, marring her otherwise perfect body.
Hermione cleared her throat and slowly, reluctantly, pulled her hands out of Fleur's warm and comforting grasp.
"We can speak more about zis tomorrow, yes 'Ermione?"
Then, the third task happened.
As the wizards reached the end, they disappeared.
Which was all very good, since Hermione was currently shooting daggers at Fleur with those sharp brown eyes Fleur loves to dive into.
A dance break saw both of the girls on top of the bed, shaking their hips and hands in what was surely ridiculously ways.
Not that she expected Hermione to come for her, but she at least thought she would support Harry.
As soon as she agreed, she knew it was a mistake.
Hermione could not help but think to herself.
It was damn near impossible, but she tried.
That's what she had with Hermione.
After trying to use it for a week, she quickly abandoned it to just use the visitor's entrance.
How it was impossible for Fleur to know whether someone truly cared about her, whether she was truly worthy of any of the praise she was given.
Trying to watch you cast with zat twisted piece of wood.
5th of August, 2000 It was finally time for Fleur and Hermione's first date, and Hermione was buzzing from excitement.
And she was completely unavoidable.
She bent down and gave Harry a kiss on the cheek.
Madame Maxine visited Fleur one day.
The next month almost flew by, with various rendezvous happening all over the grounds and castle.
People began to crowd back into the castle, sorting the wounded back into the Great Hall and the exhausted into the various abandoned House dormitories.
Fleur was grateful they were both clothed, but the damage had already been done.
She waited for Hermione to continue and listened to the girls soft words.
Fleur's eyes glimmered with mischief before she reached into her pocket, revealing she had been holding her wand with the other hand.
You don't like muggle music?"
She did not know how long Hermione would indulge her, but she planned to make the best of it.
It was a routine for them.
Well, she knew it had happened with her getting too drunk one night, and needing a place to stay.
Harry was questioning where Hermione went off to more and more, she knew she should be helping him prepare for the third task, but the allure of Fleur was too much to resist, and the more she tried, the weaker she was… Beauxbatons' Carriage, May, 1994 Kissing, touching, heavy petting.
All at once, the dark field turned into a brightly lit area, and a roaring crowd could be heard instantly, nearly deafening them.
At least, that's what they told themselves.
She also empathized with her.
Their meetings were always private, but neither would openly admit they didn't want to be seen or disturbed.
Fleur just watched her, unwilling to break the silence between them.
There had been several times during the night where Fleur had to stop herself from lighting his robes on fire, just to see if he would notice.
As Hermione removed the cloak, she felt many of her fears melt away as the fabric hit the floor.
Feel free to spend the next hour or so getting comfortable and familiarizing yourself with the Department layout, and then I will start sending work your way."
Was Hermione really worth all that to Fleur?
Fleur must've seen Hermione's downcast look because she quickly grabbed Hermione's hands and stood up to face her properly.
One of Hermione's hands moved up to brush the tears away.
"Zat is more zan fair for what you have done for us all.
Whether zat be with Bill or without.
Realizing that she was just standing there and staring, she started to make her way over to Fleur's desk.
'Focus Fleur' she told herself.
Our newest member of the Beast Division.
It seemed like there was this filter over you when you were with Bill.
Bulgaria was not doing to great, but Krum was flying his best.
Broken from each other's trance, Fleur and Hermione immediately separated as the crowd began to panic.
"Perhaps that might be best, to help me focus."
And this was her first day.
In the past, that feeling was what drew Hermione to her, but now Hermione was feeling in just a bit over her head.
Her words were comforting but Fleur was finding it harder and harder to focus as she found herself getting lost deeper and deeper into Hermione's eyes, subconsciously leaning down closer to her.
After a moment, Hermione seemed to realize Fleur was in fact leading her somewhere.
Shell Cottage, March 16th, 1998 A stream of light breaking across her face is what woke Hermione.
After the all too invasive weighing of the wands with that terrible Rita Skeeter, Fleur had decided to try to back away from the pageantry of the Tournament and instead focus on her studies.
Shell Cottage, 17th of April, 1998 Lupin's happy news about the birth of his son was exactly what the cottage needed to lift its spirits.
Clothes were completely lost, their naked skin came to life with goosebumps and shivers as they explored each other.
The girl looked up and Fleur saw her full features for the first time.
They sang to each other at the top of their lungs, the words easy enough for Fleur to pick up.
There she would sleep, fully clothed, next to another fully clothed Fleur.
"'Ermione this cloak is...exceptional.
Fleur had dragged Hermione back into the wedding, with the first real smile on her face that day.
Looking up, she searched for any sign of familiarity around her to help ground her.
Fleur could tell Bill thought she was out of his league and would do anything he thought would appease her.
Now she would be broaching unfamiliar territory and be expected to perform at a certain level.
She quickly unwrapped the wand, worried something may be wrong with it.
Ignoring every single red flag and warning bell that was going off in her hand, including the spark in her fingertips when she took Fleur's hand.
The jokes were just that, but the love was sincere.
Looking up, Fleur saw Ron crashing through the front door, with an unconscious Hermione in his arms.
She buried her fingers in the silver white hair, urging her closer as she felt Fleur's lips cascade down her neck.
"Oh, I wish zat were true, 'Ermione, but this tournament has the exact goal of defining me by its expectations.
As soon as the music started, they were young girls again, back in that carriage at Hogwarts.
Nobody gave her any special treatment, probably due to fear of retaliation from Gethsemane Prickle.
Bill's booming voice woke both Fleur and Hermione out of a deep sleep.
A small part of her thought it was for the best if they didn't.
Fleur left to find her new husband, and Hermione ran off to seek her friends.
"'Ermione, ze most amazing zing 'as 'appened.
And when they slept together, they stayed fully clothed and never crossed the line.
"I shall take 'er to one of ze rooms and help her."
Sure enough, Fleur emerged, her silver dress glittering in the moonlight and her blue eyes glinting through the darkness to find Hermione's.
As the task comes closer, I feel more and more pressure."
The Black Lake, 24th of February, 1994 Fleur had never felt so under prepared for something in her life.
However the joy on both of their faces made them the best dancers in the world to each other.
With that, she slammed the door and activated the locking ward.
She told her about her parents, how they tried to support her but they could not possibly ever understand even a fraction of her world.
Hermione had almost zero interest in Quidditch.
Clearing her throat, Hermione spoke, sealing her fate.
Her task started off fine, but her mind kept wandering back to Hermione and where she had been.
Fleur cried as a few students ran forward, trying to come to her aid.
Maybe that gave her some kind of connection to the magic she cast.
Choosing her studies over following her friends into their careers meant she essentially isolated herself.
But it was always a spectacle to see someone with a talent like Viktor to be in his element.
I did not realize how badly we needed to talk until we started."
"Ah but of course, I 'ave 'eard of zose before but 'ave never seen one.
Then Hermione showed up, and everything got that much easier for her.
And that was just the beginning.
