"Well, I've been living out of a suitcase for a year.
"Well let's not wait for it then!
Hermione laughed at photographs of me and Ginny dressing up for Halloween, and it was an honest laugh, the sort that made her eyes sparkle.
I pull out a cigarette, because alcohol and stress are a wicked combination.
But you should know I am not above it."
I can take a hint, so I go.
And if I have to choose between being good like you lot for the rest of it and living my life to the fullest…?"
I don't recall a single kiss more exquisite, none so filled with longing and quiet desperation.
"And what do you know of Parvati's lechery?"
Another snowball strikes, this time hitting my abdomen.
"Favorite Christmas memory," she asks after Ginny leaves for the office to turn in her article.
I break from the kiss but she pulls me back in for another, then another.
Yes, I see what he's up to, still poking at me to see if I'll bristle.
We touch like old friends... with a sprinkle of rivalry and a healthy dose of sexual tension.
A particularly icy gust of wind jolts me back to awareness, and with a reluctant groan I forced myself to pull out of the kiss and still her roaming hands.
She leans back in her seat, trying not to look uncomfortable, but we both know I don't mean to offer her a cigarette.
She is sprawled on the sofa under the window, reading a book when I walk in.
Why are you all friends suddenly?"
He has a different perspective on the whole thing."
I'm pretty sure it's reserved for me alone.
Her hands run through my hair, cold fingers tracing my hairline.
"That's not something I do...
My aim is just really that bad," she laughs.
I grab a fistful of her jean clad backside, and I squeeze it in a very uncivilised way, and for a solid unrestrained minute, we devolve into pleasure seeking.
That, and hearing that I am single will not improve the sour look she gives me any time I smile at my new, sexy, drinking partner.
My chest feels a little warmer than I think is normal, like all my blood is leaking out of my itty bitty heart and filling up my chest cavity.
Her eyes widened for a second, because it was true and she didn't expect me to recognize it or admit it aloud.
"Well I have a lot of money and I don't especially like the holidays.
I know I need to end this when she presses forward intentionally against my straining arousal.
Her smile faltered and then returned as if it had never happened.
She yelps and turns around with a shocked look that morphs into a radiant smile, and my heart leaps a bit as I laugh.
I wonder if she feels the same electric tingling sensation that I feel.
It's not my place to have asked."
I move my lips to her ear and run my teeth over her earlobe.
She puts an arm around my waist and even with several layers of clothing between us, I feel her touch like a scorching fire.
When I pour myself a glass of firewhiskey, Granger slides her empty glass to my side of the table and my hand brushes against hers as I take the cup and fill it.
I step in and close the door behind me.
"I feel guilty for surviving.
I take a drink, caught up in the memory for a moment.
And then, knowing a topic change is a very good idea, "You've turned out to be a good drinking partner."
I wouldn't dare try it," I reply.
I know women who are far more lecherous than any man I know."
"Ginny Potter, did you just call me hot?"
I flip through the pages, holding her place with my thumb.
Sensing my hesitation, she adds, "I've often wondered what such a sweet girl would have seen in you."
"I wouldn't think they're hard to come by."
"Longbottom," I pro-offer a hand, and he shifts uncomfortably.
Her next question catches me off guard.
I made the Potter's like me.
She's never actually said anything of the sort.
I drink, and then I drink again as she waits silently and watches me.
"Then I'll leave her to it and grace you with my presence," I reply.
I think it is rather ironic since I had been trying to appease her and Potter by being friendly in the first place...but I suppose when they said to try and get along, they probably meant something different than fantasizing about touching her.
After a few minutes in the kitchen, she returns with three mugs of hot cider, which she hands to each of us silently before she curls up in Potter's armchair.
She might be drunk, but she's not sloppy.
It feels nice to be on the receiving end of it.
"I'd been seeing her for two weeks or so," I prefaced, pulling at my collar which felt a bit tight all of a sudden.
I am glad he is leaving, but well and truly irritated by the way he holds Hermione in a hug goodbye.
The snow is fresh, fluffy under my boots, and my mind swims with old memories.
I think she must notice, but she acts like she's completely oblivious and I'm thankful for it.
We have one very big, life altering thing in common but I'm not going to speak of it.
Because that would be very fucked up of you!"
I'd say the similarity ends there."
Hermione beams up at me, and I think perhaps I just made her day.
Goddamn it she really wants this.
Over our second round of firewhiskey and after a few topic changes, Hermione says with a quizzical smile, "You let Neville think we were together."
I like the way her lips move when she pronounces Fezziwig, fettered and foreshadow.
I never owl first anymore.
"Oh Ron tried a few times but he stopped early on when I told him I didn't like it."
She laughs freely and touches casually, which is both a blessing and a curse because I spend the entire evening semi-hard and trying not to be obvious about my newfound affection for the witch.
I decide not to tell Ginny about the breakup after all, because it matters much less by the end of the evening than it did when I arrived.
We invite Neville to the Hogs Head for drinks, but he has errands to attend to and detention to oversee later, and I think he knows Hermione will continue hounding him for details on our children, so we bid him farewell.
She wrinkles her nose, and I roll my eyes.
And then, as she turned back to the first page, "From where you are is fine."
Potter is on the couch taking a nap.
I don't typically like feet at all, but hers are interesting to me, perhaps because I've never seen them and they remind me of all the other body parts I'd like to see and haven't.
She shared a room with her so she must know.
Also, there's mention of their kids in a few chapters but they're not going to make an appearance in this fic.
Hermione and I exchange a look, neither of us giving away a reaction beyond complete and utter shock.
And I find it amusing when she doesn't move away.
I ask without saying it aloud.
I pull back for air but she doesn't stop so I use a bit of brute strength and flip us around so she's the one against the wall.
So I pull the firewhiskey from the cupboard, grab a glass and wait.
I can see his angry scowl and balled up fists and it brings me a sort of twisted satisfaction.
I turn to face her fully, irritated until I look her straight in the eye and see something different than I expect.
You seem to occupy a very unique place in their lives."
The Potter's were used to me getting drunk at their kitchen table by now, but they seemed well and truly shocked that Hermione had followed suit.
Everyone was furious - her parents, my parents."
"So do I," Granger agrees.
He looks me squarely in the eye.
You mean they haven't-" "No."
When I see that she's going to wait me out for a response, I decide that being honest cannot hurt me in this instance.
By the end of the fourth glass I'm fucking dying to kiss her, and by the fifth, my effort to hide my attraction falls by the wayside.
And then, I think of my son.
But, I think this is as good as it gets for me."
I consider leaving, but I really do need to see Ginny.
I think, when she meets my eyes, that she does know and it's only a matter of time before she calls me out.
It hits me like a bludger to the chest… holy fuck I want her.
I swirled my firewhiskey, "She spent an hour complaining about her roommate, her job, her pet that kept barking in the middle of the night... and all this was fine, tolerable until I realised it was leading up to a request.
I didn't have to worry about much.
