How was I supposed to know which part of the cabinet this was filed away under?
"You're one stubborn witch, Granger."
I added with a smirk, delighting in the smile that lit up her face.
She obviously knew Malfoy wasn't here, so she'd come to see me.
I arched and eyebrow at her and asked, "Are you sure it's not just you putting all the pressure on yourself?"
He didn't seem to mind, leaning forward to close the small distance between our lips to kiss me.
She laughed and shook her head, "No, Brill just...took to me, I suppose."
I asked, smirking at the sparkle in her eyes.
She wrapped him up in a hug as well - and damn him for spinning her around - but I couldn't be that mad because she genuinely looked so bloody happy.
she asked softly, taking a step forward.
"Typically I would agree, but you have to admit he was...amicable at dinner."
Charlie owled me back this morning."
I smiled, pressing a kiss to the corner of her mouth before saying, "Only if you do something for me."
I could feel my cheeks heating under his gaze, and I cursed myself for how easily he could affect me.
I had no idea what had happened between my son and the mudblood - other than he'd obviously embarrassed himself - but whatever it was clearly had him up in arms.
My father had never been one to shy away from a confrontation, so the fact that he'd decided to pen this instead of just talking to me had me uneasy.
I shook my head at myself.
Honestly, though, Narcissa had pulled a lot of strings to get him this position at the Ministry, and there was no way she - or I - was going to allow him to ruin such a great opportunity.
The latter half of his question was directed at the blonde, and for a moment he said nothing.
I knew that I could lie, but I found that I didn't want to.
I smirked, "As the lady wishes."
My entire body felt like jelly, my heart was pounding against my ribcage, and my breathing was harsh as I tried to get my bearings back - though it didn't seem like Malfoy was much better off.
Lucius nodded, settling into the seat at the head of the table and calling for Whimsy to bring breakfast.
"I need you to know that all of this went too far.
"I'm not going to let them -" "I know, Malfoy."
And the proposal for a new tier of elven rights certainly wasn't going to edit itself.
she said, her voice soft but her tone fierce as she held my gaze and squeezed my arm, "This scar doesn't define you unless you let it."
He snorted, "Let's not get out of hand.
I chanced a glance at Malfoy, but he was staring at Blaise, a slight frown on his face.
I opened my mouth to agree, but she kept talking.
You know that as well as I do.
"We've spoken every day."
I muttered, disappearing down the aisle for 'S' creatures to find the Scylla files.
I'd scored as well as I'd hoped and had immediately applied for a position at the Ministry in the Care and Control of Magical Creatures Department.
The goblins were nothing if not stuck in their ways, and without a valid substitution there was no way this was going to work.
he said, pulling a hand through his hair again, "I might lose my nerve if you do."
Salazar only knew how badly I wanted to see where it ended.
she declared, hands on her hips, "I'm making the executive decision that we're working somewhere else."
I asked, pressing a soft kiss just below her ear, "Or maybe you'd prefer your back on the grass, my head between your thighs, worshipping that beautiful cunt."
Ginevra's words had me thinking, though.
Let me know what you guys think!
Ginny loved knowing things that other people didn't, and she'd enjoy holding it over their heads the entire time - my head included.
We just have to refrain from killing each other during the process."
I loved seeing her like this - and the fact that it was just my words doing this to her...bloody fucking hell, it was the biggest turn on ever.
I snorted, "I assure you that I can think of ten things I'd rather do than watch the telly with you, Weasley and Potter."
It was...better than I thought it was going to be."
I said, shaking his hand before sliding my arm back around Granger's waist and leading her to her seat across from my mother.
The last time he'd said he needed to talk to me was when he forced the Mark on me in Sixth.
This was not what I'd thought he was trying to do when he invited her out.
We're stuck with each other until next September."
Who had they roped into this?
No dilly dallying, there's work to be done.
"Your mother and I..." he trailed off, staring behind me as he seemed to war with himself.
Her hair was down and as wild as ever, and the muggle jeans she had on hugged her curves in a way that left little to the imagination.
I was well aware that the beautiful witch in front of me could completely tear me apart, and that no matter how many times I could make her blush or catch her off guard, she held all the cards.
Can't have you freezing out here."
I leaned back against the brick wall outside the door, letting the cool air calm my nerves.
It also seemed that whatever Lucius had told Malfoy made him leave the Manor - or at the very least avoid his mother.
"So what are you saying?"
If you wanted to give a woman an earth shattering orgasm, you had to take your time, and I certainly had no problem spending as much time as necessary worshipping her body this way.
I didn't know if Lucius had included Narcissa in the letter for some specific reason, or if he simply meant it as neither of them had any say over his relationship and that was as far as the mention went.
"And one can't just deprive a gentleman of something he's been promised."
"Ginny had her first official practice game so the boys went to watch her."
she squealed, releasing me to throw her arms around Malfoy's shoulders as well.
I'd never realized how sexy a kiss could be, but with Malfoy...Morgana, he had my heartbeat pounding in my ears and my core clenching in anticipation of all the other things he could do with his mouth.
His hands slid under my shirt, lifting the material slightly as he asked, "Is this okay?"
She nodded, looking herself over in the mirror once more before grabbing her bag off her dresser and slipping into her coat.
she gushed, clapping her hands together once.
"What a pleasure to see you!
"She's telling me that Malfoy's in love with me."
He'd asked if he could talk to me privately and Ginny made herself scarce as Malfoy took up her spot on the couch beside me.
she said, biting her lip in an attempt to stifle her moans.
She seemed to be genuine, but my mother was a good liar.
Granger nodded, a hint of surprise in her voice as she said, "It's part of the reason I need this first case to go well."
Ron seemed to struggle for words, and I counted that as a tiny victory in my favor.
"I completely removed myself from their memories and sent them away to Australia.
Narcissa narrowed her eyes at the two of us, her gaze flicking to Malfoy's arm around me before pointedly looking at me, "If Miss Granger would like to decline I'm sure she could do so herself, Draco."
I said, unsure of how much I should really say.
I said, the words out of my mouth before I could think about them.
I knew I'd taught him to dress well."
He growled - growled - at the motion and pushed me further back into my chair, the hand that'd been resting on the armrest moving to my hip, fingers digging into my skin in a way that had me clenching my thighs.
I knew that Narcissa wasn't really concerned with his happiness with Miss Granger, and honestly I hadn't cared either - not until I'd seen it so clearly written on his face.
Granger shrugged, "It depends.
His hair was more relaxed than it'd been back at school, too.
"To what do we owe the pleasure?"
"Madam Rosmerta looks like she wants to avada all of us."
"Well you start on that side and I'll start on this side."
Malfoy opened his mouth, but before he could say anything Ginny was shouting - but surprisingly not at me.
This entire situation was so odd, yet so perfect.
"Probably have for a while."
"I'm sure I could make it happen."
After Malfoy had answered a few questions regarding his parents' willingness to donate their Scylla, they had given us the okay.
"Uh...Brill was...I was the only one he'd let near him."
I couldn't find the breath to say anything, instead pulling him down into a kiss while my free hand fumbled with his belt buckle.
she gushed, almost vibrating in her excitement.
My father fell ill and didn't trust any of the house elves to care for them, so he gave them away."
"If you think the Ministry would accept the Scylla, we'd be more than happy to transfer him to Gringotts."
That had been...utterly amazing.
He brought me coffee everyday since he started the ritual on Monday and threatened to buy me lunch if I didn't leave to get it myself.
he said, taking my hand in his to shake.
