Fortunately, he seemed to be correct.
He then paused, before scanning the first-years with a grandfatherly smile.
We have some work to do before the students arrive in a few hours!"
Everything seemed to be going normal until the very moment the leather hat grazed the top of her head, "RAVENCLAW!"
He questioned with sarcasm dripping off each word.
"Young witches and wizards of Hogwarts," He began passionately, "It is an extraordinary honor to have this opportunity to teach about one of the most fascinating parts of our society to our newcomers and any who wish to learn about what it means to be a witch or wizard!"
The small professor requested gently.
Over the summer, in order to better work Aunt Petunia's garden, Harry had bought a Victorian Flower Language book he had thought might help… If he was wrong about this, he might regret it.
_OO|O|OO_ Harry's dreams of flying cars and magic were cut short when a loud ringing filled his ears and woke him up, causing him to gasp in surprise.
An elderly lady announced to their compartment, "Anything off the trolly dears?"
Bravery, courage, cunning, ambition, wit, intelligence, loyalty, love!
That is when Harry decided to speak up, "I think that it'd be nice to be in Ravenclaw, Hermione.
The Dursleys had made him make it for them on occasion.
The also met the other Ravenclaw Prefect, Penelope Clearwater.
Johnathan greeted with a warm smile, "It would seem that you require a professor for this new class of yours."
Harry mumbled to Hedwig as he approached the remaining group.
_OOOOO_ *September 1st, King's Cross Station: Near platforms 9 and 10.
Though he immediately regained his composure.
_OOOOO_ Eventually he found said wall between platforms 9 and 10.
They went back to eating their dinners soon after.
He simply took a deep breath, nodded his defeat to Lord Knottley and calmly left the chamber.
He's come a very long way since being that shy Hufflepuff all those years ago.
Filius exclaimed, "You owe me some galleons, Minerva!"
He still had an hour before the train left!
Leave a favorite and a follow to be notified when the next chapter is uploaded!
Evelynne looked as if she was going to faint.
However, now that I'm back home from college for a few days will give me the time that I want to work on the next few chapters!
"Alright…" Neville finally agreed.
They seemed to accept this and decided to be off to bed.
A loud clearing of Professor McGonnagal's throat seemed to pull the Malfoy scion out of his stupor by being so verbally smacked.
Quickly rousing from his disturbed slumber.
"Thus, endeth this meeting of the Wizengamot.
As was oppositely true, he'd witnessed things so beautiful that even in the darkest of times, they could still bring a joyful smile to his face.
"My first and only friends..." He tried to mutter quietly.
Harry gave her a small thumb's up as she made her way forward, when in much similar fashion to her twin, "SLYTHERIN!"
I hope that you all enjoyed it and that the twist at the end is as enjoyable for you as it was to write!
The only people to give her any sort of a challenge were the Twins and Hermione, of whom almost beat her.
"Greengrass, Daphne" Harry, and the others that were still unsorted, cheered on their friend as she slowly made her way to the stool.
But that was enough thinking for the moment, 'Or his dinner might get cold.'
Curious as to what Hagrid meant, Harry walked up to the wall and inspected it for a minute or two.
"Wait a minute," A rather exasperated Evelynne Knottley said, "Honeyduke, as in THE Honeydukes?"
Polite applause greeted the new professor, with both of his daughters and their friends, young Harry included?
Harry thought to himself, 'He must have been a friend of my parents, or my mother at least… Guess we'll find out soon enough.'
Much to his credit, Lucius did not respond to the Scottish Monster Hunter's taunts.
he demanded with some ire.
Though Harry only caught it out of the corner of his eye, one person heard what he had said and lunged over and gave him a big hug, causing him to freeze at the unexpected physical contact.
Harry saw the trolley and his eyes nearly rocketed out of his head!
Very interesting... You have quite the green thumb young one...
It's nice to meet you, Hermione."
Everyone in the room focuses on the man at the center of it all; The defeater of Grindelwald, the Leader of the "Light", Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards, Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, Grand Sorcerer, and Headmaster of Hogwarts, Albus Percival Wulfric, Brian, Dumbledore.
Harry thought as sleep finally took him.
A boy with brown hair said.
Harry blushed significantly, "Right, sorry, forgot.
He stopped when his eyes gazed upon Harry.
As he finished, a contingent of concerned whispers and confused glances filled the Great Hall.
'Maybe I could buy my own house and move away.'
'No wonder Filius is in such a celebration!
For excellent House unity and recognizing a problem, then finding and enacting a solution!
Albus observed his former student throughout his speech.
"The only freaks I see are you lot."
After him, Harry heard Malfoy whisper with an air of reverence and disappointment to nobody in particular something about "A Sacred Twenty-Eight member shouldn't be a duffer..." "Malfoy, Draco" Which brought the poncey git out to the front, bumping shoulders with a few of the students in his way, Harry noted.
Dumbledore began, "Today's meeting has one order of business, and once it is explained by those who have forwarded it, it will be brought to the floor to either amend and pass it or dismiss it altogether."
We can talk to each other at will, not to mention that we'll be sharing a number of classes with Slytherin."
_OO|O|OO_ *AN* Hey all, Shrocky here.
The door stated, its bronze-eagle knocker turning to the side and clanking four times, which caused the door to open.
After getting dressed, Harry was eagerly greeted by everyone around him, which caused him to smile and chuckle.
As if Hermione wasn't already flushed enough, she began to look as if the entirety of her blood was in her face.
Taking the chance to stretch her wings and clean her feathers; however, as he set off to go explore his surroundings, he heard an insult match going on and went to investigate.
He also found out that his parents had left him quite a bit of money!
His outburst caused everyone in the compartment to gasp.
It was already quite rare for the Sorting hat to speak out loud during a sorting, as the ancient enchantments on it delved within the wearer and looked at them using two things: Passive Legilimency and scanning their magical core.
Which brought Albus out of his musings before they truly began.
Much to the dismay of the rest of the Great Hall.
Throwing up his previous night's food onto the floor, Hagrid guffawed.
There's just as much Italian as English!
After all, they really are a Light family.
*ENTER FLASHBACK* "I don' know about this one Albus," Alastor "Mad-Eye" Moody admitted before taking a sip of firewhiskey, "On the outside, he seems to be much too soft.
"And where do you find a bezoar, Mr.
I am your Head of House and charms professor.
Then again, Uncle Vernon still couldn't figure out a way to properly blame him for Dudley falling through the glass at the zoo.
He blubbered out in his embarrassment, which caused the two girls to giggle at him.
It gave me an idea as to what to do with my life.
"It's honestly quite strange, our Anne loved both sweet and sour."
Bonnie mused, "Whereas I like sour, and Eevee likes sweet.
I don't know... one hundred years ago?"
"My name is Harry, Harry Potter."
For those of you returning yet another year, you all know the drill by now.
"Making more friends every second I see...?"
This proved to be the truth with them.
"My God, you're serious, aren't you?"
She asked with visible excitement.
Minor trigger warning, for abuse/punishment starving.
It warmed his old heart that despite leaving his faction politically, John could still keep the best interests of the wizarding world at heart.
What an intriguing one indeed!
Albus chided with a small amused smile before standing from his seat and clearing his throat.
He'll have not only mentored Lily... but her son too!'
Next to them was Daphne Greengrass.
He stated clearly, but somewhat playful.
Well done, Harry, well done!"
Sticking together, they all exited the train together and were greeted by Hagrid.
