"Hmmm…like father, like son," Ginny laughed as Hermione said, "Ewwww."
Hermione would be lying if she said that she hadn't thought about Greg before now.
Hermione began, placing her hands over her eyes.
These really weren't bad punishments considering Harper would be scrubbing toilets for the remainder of the week.
"Gryffindors have their secrets and issues too," Hermione concluded.
Slughorn said, turning to Greg.
There was a silence between them as Greg walked over to his desk to set the book down.
Looking at her muggle alarm clock, it was only 7:30. Who would have written it?
Harper licked his lips, his gaze narrowing.
"He's slept with a lot of girls.
Hermione laid down on the bed closing her eyes, and picturing Greg above her.
Looking at Hermione with a puzzled expression, Astoria said, "Come on then.
Hermione tried to summon Slughorn to come, check their work, and excuse them.
The Weasley family patriarch disappointed in his youngest son, but asked Ginny to try and be supportive.
Greg looked up when he heard Granger's name mentioned to the left of him.
Hermione's hair was pulled back and Greg noticed the tiny horizontal scar across her neck.
I never knew," Hermione said, putting the photo back.
Hermione asked, looking a bit puzzled.
"Women," Draco sighed, shaking his head at his friend.
Greg thought about how he had almost kissed Hermione.
"I haven't been writing to them very much.
Greg quickly grabbed his copy of the newspaper.
"Malfoy is not bullying Hermione!
Ginny had told Hermione the morning after it happened.
When she did, Hermione helped him understand the transfiguration homework.
She wanted to hold Greg's hand once more but kept her hands at her side.
"If Millie was still here, would you….?"
"He really said that he has a crush on her?"
"Thanks, Gin," Hermione smiled, giving her friend a hug before they parted.
Greg noticed the way Hermione looked down blushing.
One final tray was filled with deserts, including Sugar Quills (Hermione's favorite).
She rubbed her thighs together, but unfortunately the friction went straight to her clit making her nipples harden.
The brunette would stick her fingers in her ear and begin childishly screaming, "La-la-la-la-la."
She focused her attention on tonight as she grabbed a bowl and spoon.
"So, Greg and Vince…they were using them as prostitutes and the payment was secrets?"
The redhead figured Hermione was looking for the tall, muscular Slytherin.
"And how did my sweet sister look?"
Greg asked, holding Hermione's wrists gently, looking for bruises.
Greg was such a chubby little boy.
However, when Hermione looked up, she saw Greg's dark eyes, broad shoulders, his strong arms, and her thoughts were derailed.
Ginny always cheered and looked for weak spots.
Not afraid of the snake pit, are we?"
Ginny asked, finally as Harry picked Ginny up to carry her into the shower.
Hermione's mind wandered to the fifth floor girl's bathroom, wondering if Greg's name was written on the wall.
"Plus, he doesn't like attachments," Blaise added.
Greg stood up slowly and sat in the armchair opposite Hermione.
A few images flashed through her mind, Greg on top of her, her chestnut hair splayed out against the green comforter.
"Sure," Hermione said, sitting down on the couch and picking up her essay.
With the game over, his mind focused completely on wooing his Gryffindor Princess.
It was the same look Hermione wore when she was translating Ancient Runes.
"Maybe she'll start bringing you back, Greg.
On Monday night, Hermione had gone to the Library forgetting about Greg's detention.
"It's the weekend, Hermione," Greg teased.
Hermione started to put her hair up in a ponytail before dropping her arms.
Greg thought he'd try to let Pansy down easy.
Everybody did the best they could.
"It feels weird that you and Hermione have returned to Hogwarts and Ron and I are out here being adults."
Would she be willing to tutor him?
Greg hoped that Hermione still felt safe with him.
Theo winked at his friend.
Theo seemed to deflate a little.
… (Wednesday October 30th) Greg sat waiting at his and Hermione's usual table in the library.
He stood, giving Draco a goodbye kiss.
Blaise said, rolling his eyes, kissing Draco's cheek before standing.
The atmosphere was very easy.
Hermione asked, speaking about how she should sit on the broom.
He turned his head to see Pansy, her eyebrows raising as she mouthed, "I told you so!"
"You're an idiot," Ginny snapped.
Blaise had noticed Draco's changing attitude towards Hermione.
Dean wasn't satisfying Ginny, Harry hadn't taken interest yet, and the rest is history.
He has become quite handsome, Pansy thought.
Mainly Pansy, Daphne, I think your friend Lavender Brown, and possibly Astoria and Parvarti."
Hermione asked, picking up the photo of the thin, dark haired woman.
Greg shook his head dropping the newspaper.
"You've got great instincts," Hermione praised, patting her friend's hand.
Chapter 3 Hello Lovely readers!
Greg waved up to her and Hermione waved back.
As if I know how to explain it.
Draco and Blaise were smiling and giggling while making the potion.
Yesterday, Greg answered a question right in Transfiguration, earning Slytherin house five points.
Theo didn't see Greg as a serious threat.
Was he so much of a Neanderthal that he had laid claim to her?
She couldn't believe she lost it in front of Greg, but he was being really nice about it.
However, there was no use for her book since Luna Lovegood had decided to tag along.
On the walk back to Gryffindor Tower, Hermione decided she would write Ron later tonight.
Damn Theo, always trying to make his move.
"It's between love and hate," Draco said walking in and hearing the tail end of the conversation.
But still Lavender's behavior should not be tolerated.
Pansy turned and gave Greg a funny look.
Ginny laughed while pulling her jeans on; knowing that Hermione was a virgin.
Hermione saw one of a young Greg, maybe four or five years old, playing with whom she could only assume was a young Crabbe.
Don't know how," Daphne smiled at Greg's frown.
Now that the war was over and Harry and Ron weren't here, she felt a bit empty.
Pansy made cracks about how Vince was of a lesser, canine-like intelligence.
"Ever heard of knocking?"
Hermione knew Lucius was a sick man.
They weren't destitute, but they weren't the Malfoys.
"I want to see what Theo looks like."
To have the pressure of managing the Goyle household on his shoulders.
Pansy asked, knowingly with a smirk.
