I thought our friendship meant more to you than the Ministry's bloody laws, Lupin.
Sirius knew he had to seek answers, but he couldn't do that while he was stuck in Riddle Manor.
"Destiny has already seen the future.
I'm not saying what she did was right or wrong.
"Is this your variation on the classic counting sheep trick to go to sleep?
"You can be willing, or you can be reluctant, that is the only difference.
She knew you were going to be angry, but she'd rather take your anger than watch you not succeed."
Whether he meant consecutively or concurrently, Hadrian did not know.
He's the Dark Lord, he doesn't care about you.
They were all there and each was accompanied with a fingerprint stamped in not ink, but what Hadrian assumed was their own blood.
Even the judges seemed in awe that the youngest champion could pull off such strong magic, whilst staying in one position the entire time.
And then all of a sudden, the pain stopped.
"You know," He whispered, as though he were telling her a deep secret.
She asked kindly, blinking her giant eyes at him.
Malfoy really is a terror, isn't he?"
His cool breath ghosted against her face as he smiled darkly, "Bella, I will chalk your outburst up to shock and momentary insanity.
According to the other professors, he was at the top of his class and now he was even a Triwizard Champion.
When Ginevra had finally appeared on the steps of Zabini Manor, Blaise had almost tripped in surprise.
Hadrian cringed and hurried to open his door, "Was telling me that really necessary?"
Cissy was always the perfect one," Bellatrix smirked.
"I don't care if he's the Dark Lord.
Can't have you embarrassing us like that."
He set his glass back onto the side table and let Lily lead him out of the study.
He snapped his gaze back up to Hermione, who had been staring at him with concern.
He cocked his head to the side, "By the way, did you have to buy an extra ticket on the train for your hair this year, since it's gotten so big?"
Stop acting like a child."
It was directly to the left of the head of the table.
Blaise wasn't sure whether she was blushing because of Hadrian's stupid grin, or because she had never been called by her proper pureblood title.
Theo shrugged, "I never explicitly asked him, but I don't think he was, Hermione.
Remus shook his head to clear away his thoughts and turned to face the class.
He cocked his head to the side, "Alright, but does everyone know that when you're afraid of something–truly afraid–you freeze?"
We both know how that would turn out."
He frowned, "They should have been back by now."
"It's called dancing, you twit, not some foot-stomping hippogriff mating ritual," He rambled, his frown becoming more severe as he continued with his barrage of insults.
She had done something to displease him, and this was his form of punishment.
"Now, tell me about this book you're dying to go back to your room to read.
And if you aren't willing to fight back just as fiercely, then you'll fall."
We didn't really have many days to prepare and I never gave them direct orders on what they could or couldn't do.
"Yes, well that narrows it down to about all of the books he's loaned me."
As far as the general population–and even the rest of our side–knows, the Dark Lord is alive and well.
"You're a Seer," He pointed out slowly, "Didn't you already know we would go together?"
Squinting his eyes, he walked towards the spot Hadrian had been.
Remus Lupin ignored the screaming of his class and he leaped in front of Alexander, closing his eyes until he could hear the boggart changing its shape.
Is this what my husband pays you lot for?"
"That could work," She murmured.
He shook his head, "He's bloody insane.
It's been months of practice.
They had been closer than brothers when they were growing up.
"Hadrian, you're late," He heard a voice call.
Draco exclaimed, "Sure, I could've gone with one of the girls from Beuaxbatons, but their giggling gives me a headache.
"Now you only have a few hours left before the first task, and I would hate to have to cheer for Krum instead of you," She pouted, "At least I know he'll be prepared."
Remus sputtered, "I'm trying to help you, you blasted idiot!
His eyes watered as he took in the grotesque image with sick fascination.
A/N: Guys, it's been a rough few months.
"Prove it," Draco retorted.
In a blink of an eye, Draco lunged forward and grabbed her arm before she fell backwards into the pile of snow, tugging her back until she crashed into his chest and bounced back slightly at the abrupt contact.
We don't–" "Sure you don't," Blaise snorted.
There was some murmuring and the Auror responded gruffly, "We'll go check over there, Ma'am.
"Can't you at least be creative with your insults?
He gritted his teeth together and snapped, "Are we expected to slaughter these innocent muggles?"
"Bellatrix threw her out.
"So is that one," He smirked.
He pressed a kiss to the top of her head and before she could say anything to him, he had marched up to her mother and tapped her on the shoulder.
A/N: So you all are probably extremely mad at me right now, and that's totally justified.
"You can push me away all you want, Hadrian.
He got up from his seat and went to a random section of the store, pulling a dress off the rack after a few moments of scrutiny.
Whether or not he takes my class doesn't affect his student status."
She's willingly suffering because she knows this outcome of the future outweighs any other in benefits.
He shared a lecherous grin with Neville and ducked before Hermione slapped his head.
Suddenly there were gasps and Hermione whimpered, "He's dead, isn't he?
"All snakes bite," Goldstein insisted.
Hermione corrected him absentmindedly.
Hermione hissed, cutting him off mid-rant.
"Maybe it's not a student then," Neville said slowly.
Eventually, Blaise snapped out of his shock and hurriedly began to pack up his things as fast as he could.
He glanced down at her face; her big brown doe eyes were practically alight with rage and her curls crackled with magic as they escaped her intricate hairstyle.
"Well, I don't have a problem with the ones that have an actual brain," He said slowly, "But again, that's my policy for all people.
Set it all up so all she has to do is make up her mind about killing him and everything will be taken care of.
You don't know how dangerous it is sometimes.
Before she could blink, he leaned in and pressed his lips against hers in a chaste kiss.
Hermione pursed her lips for a second and then slowly spoke up, "Thar's actually a brilliant idea, Nott."
Right now, the vote seems to be split by age.
He blinked in confusion as it quickly materialized into the shape of a rather large dog, and he realized it was a patronus.
She cleared her throat, "You missed dinner tonight."
Remember, you turn right on three.
"He's getting rid of the old guard," She pointed out, "He could easily get rid of us both."
"You have no right to interfere in my life, Daphne," He paused and added viciously, "You're just my friend.
"Hadrian–please," Daphne began, "He's gone," Hadrian shouted, running a hand through his dark hair.
His father turned his head and looked at him with eyes filled with such anger that Hadrian almost took a step back.
"Do me a favor and don't let that McLaggen anywhere near Daphne?"
There was not a single sign of unease on his face.
Ginevra was even sure Molly Weasley valued her children's lives over her own.
The next school to arrive had been Durmstrang Institute.
"But she won't do that," Hadrian repeated.
I'd even take veritaserum if you want me to prove my innocence."
Blaise glared at her, pinching the bridge of his nose in annoyance.
He reluctantly listened to Sirius, cracking open one eye slowly, then the other.
With this in mind, he hurriedly swam away from the blonde girl, focusing on the task at him.
He ignored the look of indignation in his friend's eyes and gave him a meaningful stare, "There's something you should know."
He explained all that had happened to him, and the abuse he had suffered from at the hands of the guards.
