'Funny stuff on the news,' Mr Dursley mumbled.
"This… this is something that I… have to confront Luna.
His head colliding with the wall, lights danced before his eyes.
He didn't say another word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed.
Going to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim?'
We don't have to worry about food as my friends here…" Harry gestured to the house elves "… can provide that…" "Also, anything else we need while we are here will be provided by the room."
Severus hissed at the calloused finger prodding at the cut and the touch instantly softened.
"I know you haven't' said Professor McGonagall, sounding half-exasperated, half-admiring.
Harry he would die for, he had known it from the moment the boy set foot in the school 4 years ago.
"You're wrong, Professor?"
"It was sitting on his garden wall.
He knew that if Harry rejected him, he wouldn't never speak a word of it to anyone, that's just who Harry was.
'Well, I thought… maybe… it was something to do with… you know… her lot.'"
He decided he didn't dare.
"How did you know that, Mister Potter?"
The only two that had any clue of what to do were Luna and Severus.
Sirius didn't reply, but he pouted like a scolded child.
The nearest streetlamp went out with a little pop.
"That's a lie Professor, you know perfectly well how I survived and one day I'm going to make you tell me."
This boy was another good reason for keeping the Potters away, they didn't want Dudley mixing with a child like that."
She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping he was going to tell her something, but he didn't, so she went on.
You know what everyone's saying?
Harry registered the pressure of his professor's thin lips upon his own fuller ones.
Harry took another sip of coffee, observing the others as the bitter liquid revived him.
"… They were the last people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious; because they just didn't hold with such nonsense.
"It doesn't need stiches, but it might leave a scar."
"At half past eight, Mr Dursley picked up his briefcase, pecked Mrs Dursley on the cheek and tried to kiss Dudley goodbye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his cereal at the walls.
Remus snapped, his eyes flashing amber.
Harry would had once feared long stretches of silence, feared it no more in Severus' arms.
He promptly handed them to Harry who patted his small friend on the head.
Hermione cocked her head in confusion, while Ron just looked at his friend.
They make holes in things."
Sirius stated, rather loudly.
This lot were whispering excitedly, too, and he couldn't see a single collecting tin.
"Sorry, Professor I was with the Headmaster.
As he sat in the usual morning traffic jam, he couldn't help noticing that there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people about.
The Dursleys had a small boy named Dudley and in their opinion there was no finer boy anywhere."
faltered Professor McGonagall.
It seemed to be a silver cigarette lighter."
Do you think about anything else?"
They were whispering excitedly together Mr. Dursley was enraged to see that a couple of them weren't young at all, why, that man had to be older than he was, and wearing an emerald green cloak!
I love how you defend your friends not matter the cost to you.
Harry gasped at the touch meeting Severus' gaze, a light blush staining his cheeks.
If I recall you're supposed to be in Transfiguration right now."
This time when their lips meet, Harry's eyes slid closed enjoying the light pressure.
Dumbledore gave a great sniff as he took a golden watch from his pocket and examined it.
After all, they normally pretended she didn't have a sister.
I've watched you take aside student who need more support than others.
"I didn't write it, only read it."
Harry cleared his throat, Remus quieted.
The girl nodded and skipped back to her seat.
Severus cupped Harry's cheek, his thumb running over the boy's kiss swollen lips.
"Mr Dursley blinked and stared at the cat.
Each word was punctuated with a kiss.
I even love the way you look when you cry, those emerald eyes flooding with tears.
I am also setting 5 people max per sofa.
They're a kind of muggle sweet I'm rather fond of."
"Inform Professor McGonagall for me."
He was destined to be alone, after all he was a Death Eater and a spy.
Sofa 1: Molly, Arthur, Ginny, Bill, Charlie Sofa 2: Fred, George, Neville, Luna, Remus Sofa 3: Ron, Hermione, McGonagall, Nymphadora and Moody Sofa 4: Snape, Andromeda, Ted, Sirius, Narcissa.
The room was solemn and silent as Harry desperately wanted this chapter to be over.
At the mention of this Harry paused, leaning down his whispered in Dobby's ear who nodded and popped away.
He considered it for a moment before lifting his gaze to the panting Harry.
Severus stay silent holding the boy close as he poured his heart out.
Before he could think Harry's hand clenched fistfuls of those black robes pulling the older man back.
'It all gets so confusing if we keep saying "You-Know-Who".
Sirius chortled at the annoyed Professor, who only huffed in response.
"That's like the third time the colour emerald's been mentioned."
"…everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and their greatest fear was that somebody would discover it.
They were bound to notice something.
"And the old man hugged Mr Dursley around the middle and walked off.
Most of them had never seen an owl even at night-time.
Before the mood could fall anymore, Harry pressed on.
At Albus command, the man huffed and settled on the end of the sofa furthest away from boy.
I know you care so deeply, and I want to see where this goes."
The news reader allows himself a grin.
"I second that, Professor."
Harry knew what day they were referring to, the day he became an orphan.
Severus on the other hand knew exactly how Harry was feeling, he had felt it himself.
"It must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because he put in back in his pocket and said, 'Hagrid's late.
He used the stealth he'd developing in decades as a spy, he moved around the back of the sofa, moving steadily towards the boy.
"What else could it have been hmm…?
Severus' heart hurt as he spoke the words.
Since the incident with Lupin in the boy's 3rd year, Severus had come to admire his bravery and determination.
Severus could have controlled himself, but he found that he didn't really want to in this moment.
'The Potters, that's right, that's what I heard-' '—yes, their son, Harry—' Mr Dursley stopped dead."
Harry didn't look up, he just shrugged, and he shuffled in his seat returning his attention to the book.
He was sure it was the same one, it had the same markings around its eyes."
Luna wanted to comfort Harry but had no idea what you could say to someone that had been hurt the way he had.
"If you don't want to continue I'll take over."
"Potter wasn't such an unusual name."
It was on his way back past them, clutching a large doughnut in a bag, that he caught a few words of what they were saying.
"There are tools used for building Mr. Weasley.
Harry said without looking up from the page.
'You flatter me,' said Dumbledore calmly.
"As he drove towards town he thought of nothing except a large order of drills he was hoping to get that day.
"Come to think of it, he wasn't even sure his nephew was called Harry.
A shaggy, black dog lay at Remus' feet.
He was busy rummaging in his cloak, looking for something.
"A man appeared on the corner that the cat had been watching, appeared so suddenly and silently you'd have thought he'd just popped out of the ground."
