I was a bit taken back by her using my first name.
Was... was she toying with me?
And for the last time you are not my favorite color!"
Grangers face slipped into her perfect student mask "Not at all, Ma'am.
I was better suited to manipulation not right out talking to someone.
The brunette questioned not looking up.
The last sentence slipped out.
A slew of punches, knees and even bites happened.
I hate to think your romantic evening was ruined by someone other than me."
How do muggles live without magic?!
Draco must have been listening to them as well because we both turned to the stairs where Krum was wearing, what I assumed to be, the Durmstrang formal uniform with the Gryffindor on his arm.
Must you be this difficult?"
I turned my head not able to look at her blank stare anymore.
I held the items as she gathered them, my mind racing.
"Anything would have been better than this!
One of us, or maybe both, headbutted the other sending us reeling in pain.
Neither one of us dared to use magic though, why I'm not sure.
She stormed into our bedroom slamming the door behind her.
"I did something fucked up."
I held my cheek she had slapped.
I had been enjoying the common ground we had found but now...
We crossed the floor dodging the lingering couples, wished each other luck and bolted in different directions.
Granger seemed to as well as her hand slipped from my mouth.
For our first task of involuntary congruency we must answer a handful of basic questions.
We clanked the cups and threw it back like a shot and were about to move toward our respective people when we looked again.
Her eyes caught something behind me as the excitement in her voice wavered slightly.
even muffled I'd recognize that voice.
Sighing I tried to sound like I wasn't in pain from her grip "Breathe.
Granger rolled her eyes, heading toward the doorway on the left.
Since that night I've been on dragon shells.
"Shut it..." I love this story, really kittens I do, it's just hard to keep going.
Granger was a few strides ahead of me leading the way to the champion tent.
If we pass we get to go back to our dorms..." There was a sudden heaviness in the room.
We are supposed to ask the questions and eventually be able to talk in general without wanting to murder each other."
No noisy underclassmen, no twins to play pranks, nice and quiet" she stared off no doubt thinking of all the work she could get done.
Waiting for the one voice I wanted to hear.
I most defiantly didn't mean to use you like that.
"Right so," I looked at the prompt.
"You know their is a muggle saying 'happy wife happy life' maybe you should adopt that."
I dropped my things on the table.
She was right, she usually was.
He is the only one they think is fit to help carry on our bloodline."
"You're the one who suggested it."
"You just insulted me and you want us to get along?"
Millicent in her Slytherin green and Astoria in black ombre.
I stop, forcing Draco to as well "Come on let's grab some food."
"I don't know if you've notice but I'm not one for feelings."
"Use your bloody wand Potter!"
Before she could push the subject Draco came strutting over.
I don't know how much more I can take."
"Great just another event I must attend with Draco."
"Is life really worth living if you don't actually get to live?
I Do Not Own Harry Potter Lots a Lot a Love, Kandikitty "It's your fault we didn't pass."
Finally his Firebolt comes barreling out of no where.
She smiled a mischievous glint in her eyes.
"We've got a meeting with Dumbledore next week.
"I thought it was more about the not murdering bit."
Granger was even more on edge since Potter had been chosen.
I half smiled trying to lighten the mood.
Her hold didn't lessen but she gave a slight nod, exhaling slowly.
They don't call him the boy who lived for nothing, yeah?"
There was a twinkle dancing in her eyes.
Not to mention everything that happened over the summer, he needs a normal year for once!"
As Granger went to get ready for bed I sat on the couch mulling over for the billionth time if she was worth giving up everything I'd ever known.
I laid my hand atop one of hers hoping some form of comfort would help her not break my arm.
I huffed pulling my Slytherin scarf up to cover my mouth.
"You are going to get us expelled!"
My eyes found Granger being twirled on the dance floor that same smile in place.
I hissed slamming my book.
Once to our room, I took a nice bath, changed then sat on the couch.
Now that it was out, floating around us with no way to take it back, I knew it was true.
"Well excuse me for having empathy for him."
"Grab the parchment..." I grumbled watching her with my peripherals.
Before last night I almost didn't want to pass.
I cut her off "The day I listen to you is the day I die!"
The common ground, friendship, whatever we had that made us fight but not at the same time?
"Oh no what have you found out?"
"Yours wasn't any better!
Neither of us addressed it however.
That somehow blood decides the best witches and wizards but... Hermione is muggleborn and look how well she does then look at Weasely he is pure as can be and he can't hold a candle to her.
She asked rounding the corner of the tent.
I'm not sure when I started caring but I do and I hate it.
I don't think it'll be good for any of us.
It seemed she was finishing up the page since she turned and marked it before meeting my gaze.
The silence that followed was too long for my liking.
The four of us made our way to the Great Hall where many of the students were already gathered.
I hadn't meant to say it, hell I'd never thought kissing her was an option until it happened.
He craned his neck trying to see passed me.
Did all Griffindors look like lions when they are angry?
Of course that's the part she focuses on!
Once we did however, we didn't stop.
"I want to wish him luck!"
"Is that a threat or a promise?"
Granger growled, her knuckles turning white.
For us to know why we are here!"
The brunette questioned slightly.
I couldn't really argue with that, they might set her on fire or push her down the stairs.
You didn't fucking see me and I didn't see that."
I pulled the parchment off the side table where we have silently agreed to keep it.
She stood holding her hand out to me.
