Amelia put that thought aside and focused back on the problem at hand.
They walked in silence for a while, fingers linked together without much thought.
She had fallen in love with the dress the moment she saw it in the shop, after almost settling for a simple black dress.
I just want to know what's wrong with her."
She frowned at the ceiling, when he said those words.
"You have my sense of humor, I see."
X- Harry Potter –X "Where have you been all day?"
"I wonder... Is it hard to lift that giant ego out of bed in the morning, Freddiekins?"
She curled up under the blanket, her head on Katie's lap and her feet on Oliver's.
I want to take things slow, Fred.
She also believed that she should not make a decision about it right now.
"Red and gold" Just when she was about to tell him that he forgot one, he continued.
She might be quite short, but her weight was fine.
They would listen to what their dad had said and hide in the woods.
Chapter 15 The weeks flew by, filled with studying, spending time with friends, trying to figure out how to get a clue from the golden egg, writing to Sirius and secret snog sessions in between classes and after curfew.
She made her decision right then and there.
They walked in exactly one minute later, to a chorus of 'Happy birthday!'
X- Harry Potter –X They'd won!
Katie giggled again, from across the table.
Oliver will never talk to me again!
Ever since then it had been her colour.
They had been growing closer over the summer and the weeks since that confession during the train ride.
Amelia looked at Mr. Weasley, frowning.
She decided to spare Ron.
It was strange to use that word, but it felt good at the same time.
Your side will never win!
Amelia smiled at him, before glancing at her watch and gasping.
I hate that I don't know where we're heading.
It took the twins a bit more talking to her, before she had calmed down.
We need to do something about this!"
You know George likes her!
I don't think he will wait much longer to tell her.
Large cuts, seemingly made by a knife, were scattered all over the painting and there was no sign of the fat lady.
She took a step back, about to turn around, but was stopped by a familiar voice.
How could you let your bloody twin ask the girl you like?"
Her mouth fell open, her eyes filled with disbelief.
"Why are you looking at me like that Oliver?"
She was still studying herself in the mirror when the twins entered, with a bunch of noise.
After another five minutes of walking, they reached the locker rooms.
She shook her head at him, before smiling at Oliver and Katie.
They had been talking about her ability to almost cast a patronus, which he was surprised about this early in their lessons, and the subject they were going to approach in the lessons next week.
When they were out in the open again, Harry and Sirius had been talking for the whole way back and her dad was now making his way towards her.
"Fred Weasley, you are a prat!
"Does this mean we-" Amelia knew what he was asking.
Sure, with Oliver away and too busy to write, he and George were Amelia's best friends, but it was nice to be just that little bit extra close to her.
I can't help but worry about him.
"Because I've been thinking.
Because she had been so distracted, she didn't hear the person coming out of the tunnel behind her.
Amelia couldn't help but smile, surrounded by the love of her family.
She had borrowed the book from her then and had taken quite a liking to it.
She didn't tell anyone about what happened, not finding the energy to care about it.
Putting you in danger like this!
"Penny for your thoughts?"
Amelia shook her head, indicating that she was okay, before putting her attention towards George, who was unwrapping the knitted winter gear she had gotten him.
Amelia nodded, knowing she'd probably just keep to herself to think about everything she overheard her best friends say.
"Well, you kind of have to.
He seemed to calm down, wrapping his arms around her waist.
A small squeeze from Fred told her that it was him who had given her the jewelry, so she sent him a soft smile, turning his way so he could put it around her neck.
"Tut tut, always the impatience, young miss Bell."
"Who's up for a little game of 'never have I ever'?"
The sound of Charlie and Bill, who had both arrived the day before, setting up the tables outside, while Ginny tried to give them instructions from a little distance.
Before their friends could start asking questions, she noticed professor Lupin motioning for her to come to him.
She felt so much lighter now she knew he had not betrayed his best friend.
She grabbed her presents, giving Oliver's arm a light squeeze and made her way to the teachers' table.
"A flash of green light and then a silence that sent chills down her spine.
"I'm holding you to that promise."
She did not move a muscle as he came standing next to her, their hands only inches from each other.
Amelia felt ready to hyperventilate.
Where in the world are they?"
As soon as they looked at each other, accusations were thrown around and they started wrestling.
To her horror their friends were all standing there, still dressed in their Yule ball attire.
Do you know what I mean?"
"Yeah, I begged my aunt for it all summer, but I didn't get it yet."
Soon enough, they were walking up the hill, joined by the golden trio, Ginny, Mr. Weasley, Mr. Diggory and Cedric, who they vaguely knew from school.
X- Harry Potter –X They were in Lupin's office, him seated across from her, a cup of tea in front of both of them.
Presents had been exchanged and unpacked, leaving Amelia with new quidditch books and a broom polishing kit along with a lot of other presents.
I can't think of anyone in this whole bloody world who's a better person than you."
Mrs. Weasley's normally bone crushing hug was a little less tight this time.
Her father had jokingly mentioned that he'd be spending the winter in a heated dog house.
"I hate it when we fight."
"Yeah well, I'm quite 'unusual' as you put it."
Which was just what she was planning on doing as she stood from her spot next to Fred, when she was pulled back down.
"So all we have to do is wait and see."
But you owe us a girls' night tomorrow."
Chapter 9 After a tedious car ride, sandwiched between Percy and George, Amelia was happy to be back in Ottery st. Catchpole.
And Ginny and Hermione had convinced her to put on a new outfit.
She noticed Oliver moving just a little too close as they sat down.
With a sigh Amelia relaxed, leaning her arms on the table.
McGonnagal said to catch up on some sleep or concentrate on homework."
He was left in complete silence, shock apparent on his face.
She combed her fingers through her curly, pitch black locks, a trademark of the Black family, she realized now.
When she opened her eyes again, he smiled down at her.
Judging by the way you look, it can't be more than a week!"
Her voice was barely above a whisper, but he seemed to hear her anyway, judging by the silent nod.
And it can't be your twin, because that would be creepy."
Flint was just being a humongous pain in the ass."
I can't remember ever seeing you this quiet."
He had really grown over the past few years, not quite reaching Charlie's height, but definitely surpassing Percy.
To her right she saw the Gryffindor tower, where the lights of the common room and dorms burned invitingly.
Ginny shrugged, "Intuition."
