She smiled at him gently, withdrawing her wand from her apron and drawing the curtain around his bed, shielding the three of them from view.
'I will be discussing this matter with your head of house', Snape continued silkily, 'But know this Potter, I will not tolerate any more disobedience or disrespect from you this year.
'Thirteen', Harry said, and then caught sight of the look on Snape's face, 'Sir.'
Snape summoned a stool and sat down opposite him, an unreadable expression on his face.
Harry and Ron burst out laughing again, and hastily tried to smother their snorts before they attracted Trelawney's unwanted attention.
Waiting for the small orb on Poppy's desk to light up, telling them that Potter had woken from his potions induced stupor.
Severus, remembering that Potter had spent the previous summer with the family (and the infuriating debacle with the flying car that had ensued), was struck with sudden suspicion.
She merely agreed, and they walked together to her office in silence, both consumed by their own thoughts.
But Minerva had been quite clear that Poppy had said nothing to her when they discussed Potter the previous night.
Harry allowed himself a few more luxurious seconds under the water, before reaching blindly to turn the shower off, and fumbling around the side table for his glasses.
Wood had been furious after.
Severus broke the silence.
Not when he was at risk of having a seizure brought on by the potential side-effects of the Expunging Elixir and the Convulsions Concoction being administered simultaneously.
Not that he was going to.
His leg was on fire after his Quidditch practice, and he worried that he wouldn't even make it to Gryffindor tower, let alone around the castle for the rest of the day.
He breathed deeply, willing himself to forget the look of fury in Snape's eyes that morning, as he'd forced Harry and Malfoy apart.
For a brief few moments, Harry considered obeying Snape and going to the Hospital Wing the next morning.
'Exams of this nature require a witness', she began delicately.
Worse still, they had failed her son.
He'd even attended every meal in his efforts to evade any more unwanted attention from the dour professor.
'Poppy had to take an unexpected leave of absence earlier this morning', he explained.
And yet, sometimes, Harry craved the peace and solitude which his cupboard used to provide.
Hermione informed him, peering over his shoulder at the nearly illegible scrawl on his parchment.
After a long day of dealing with miscreants, he craved the undisturbed peace of his chambers, and had order a plate of food there rather than braving the chaos of the Great Hall The plate sat untouched at the edge of his desk.
Only to once again be disrupted by the sound of McLaggen groaning loudly in his sleep, his blanket falling to the ground as he tossed and turned around the bed.
Severus raised his eyes to the ceiling, silently begging every deity in existence for strength.
This, more than anything, calmed Harry down slightly, for Uncle Vernon never stayed still or calm when enraged.
Severus deposited Potter on one of the beds with strict instructions not to move an inch unless he wanted to spent every weekend until Christmas in the company of Filch, before knocking with a single sharp tap on the Matron's office door.
His breath began to quicken.
Believe me, I would not ask this of you were there any other choice.'
'All those times I've treated him for Quidditch injuries and I never noticed anything amiss.'
Harry felt a sense of hope for the first time that morning as he clung to the rationale.
'You can't even brew a Shrinking Solution, a second-year potion, correctly.
'Don't move', Snape ordered, keeping his fingers pressed against Harry's neck.
Harry grinned, pushing the dog's face away from his and patting his head instead.
Ron chortled at his description, but Hermione looked up with a concerned expression on her face.
The professor's mouth was twisted in disdain and his sallow cheeks pinched as he glared down in disgust at his pupil.
And I bet he'll keep me till right before curfew again.'
Rest assured Potter, you will be punished for your actions.
He turned away sharply, storming off towards the castle without waiting for Harry to follow.
He'd gone far longer on a lot less.
But Madam Pomfrey's expression was stern and her tone final and Harry knew he would gain nothing from arguing further.
The first step was to make sure you knew exactly what information the other person held.
'I had him in here last year for two weeks when he consumed plimpy eyes.
I never want to see the word 'Wiggenweld' again.
'Have you been feeling under the weather today?
He landed another blow, catching his grey eye, before Malfoy managed to fight back.
The light in the potions classrooms were dim, enough so that Harry was comfortable rolling up his sleeves while he worked, the shadows of the classroom masking the yellowing bruises on his arms.
Hermione frowned at him, but turned back to the textbook without further comment.
'This is a Nutrients Potion', Snape explained, handing Harry a vial filled with a colourless liquid which smelt vaguely of fennel but had a surprisingly bitter aftertaste.
He forced himself to calm down, breathing deeply.
he drawled, gesturing towards the corridor.
Bandages spun up Harry's leg, strapping it tightly to a splint.
Harry, mate, perhaps your inner eye needs glasses too.'
It was agonising forcing himself to walk normally in their company.
He was favouring his left leg.
'How did you injure your leg?'
'You're banning me from Quidditch!
Harry thought back over the past few weeks, and realised she was right.
Harry had no chance to defend himself, for Snape opened the door with a flick of his wand and dismissed Harry, reminding him only to return the next day at seven o'clock sharp.
Looking over, he caught sight of a crowd of Slytherins laughing viciously as Malfoy dramatically swooned.
The tightness in his chest eased just a little, and Harry relaxed his speed a fraction, so that the wind was no longer whipping against his face.
He suggested before his friends could start bickering.
'You really ought to eat more'.
I trust you remember its uses'.
There had to be at least twenty cauldrons, all covered in some sticky grey substance that didn't look like it had any intention of coming off the cauldrons easily.
When she was satisfied with the result, she tapped it once and it vanished from view, only the weight on his leg reminding him of its presence.
He needed to come up with a plausible explanation for everything, preferably before he was dragged to the Hospital Wing.
'I look after myself fine!'
'Spends a couple of days being fussed over by Madam Pomfrey and comes back as big a git as ever'.
'Mr Potter, is there any reason you're running round the corridors like a lunatic?
', Hermione asked as Harry dropped down into the seat beside her, soaking wet and covered from head to toe in mud.
He opened his mouth to defend himself and then closed it again.
He felt a slight tingling coursing through his body.
I know when you are lying to me, and I will not tolerate it.'
Severus nodded in approval, though he wondered briefly whether he ought to advise her to keep the two boys apart.
Harry and Ron had even paused their game of chess – which Ron had been three moves from winning anyway – to watch him swear furiously at George, who had merely grinned unrepentantly at Wood's beetroot face.
He scanned the next few lines again, his frown deepening with every word.
He couldn't know about Harry's broken leg, or the faded lines across his back from Aunt Marge's cane.
Before he could move, however, Snape shifted slightly, his body now directly in front of Harry and blocking any path towards the exit.
'Oh yes, I forgot that your many years of medical training and advanced knowledge of Healing magic,' Snape sneered.
Snape would buy that, hook, line and sinker.
Madam Pomfrey paused slightly in her lecture, and Harry hastily refocused, aware that his attention had slipped.
Harry nodded again, correcting his mistake, and scrawled out a conclusion which was little more than a stream of consciousness.
It must be so difficult being so hopeless, but I guess that's what happens when you have a mudblood for a mother.'
This was precisely why the twins always managed the most chaos of all the miscreants about.
He'd gone more than a week without any food at all at the Dursleys, and that hadn't done him any harm.
He waved off Hermione's concern, and moved slowly towards the Gryffindor table, acutely aware of the pain in his leg after traipsing down several flights of stairs and half a dozen corridors to reach breakfast.
Harry flinched, the furious tone snapping him back to reality and upright once more.
'Is there something you need before I return to my quarters?'
'M'sorry', he mumbled, his eyes still fixed on the starched white bedsheets.
He needed to play Quidditch.
While he fumbled for his glasses and pushed them quickly onto his face, Pomfrey busied herself in modifying the splint around his leg, until it resembled a muggle cast.
'Come on Ron, breakfast will be over soon!'
Harry sighed, erasing the sentence he'd just written with a flick of his wand.
How dare Snape threatened him, when it was only for Snape that he'd been dragged here in the first place.
He grumbled to himself as he made his way into Poppy's office, leaving the door wide open so he could keep the dunce in his sight at all times.
The rest of the damage to his body can be cleared up with a standard Healing Potion.'
'Almost beats our record.
'No sir', Potter repeated.
