But we really need to talk about the elephant in the room, or more precisely, the dark wizard in the castle."
I need your help to learn Occlumency so that I can keep this secret."
Two of the students who have expressed interest in the club have agreed to perform a small demonstration."
There's got to be something weird going on under that turban."
It's not like you never left Grimmauld."
"Good, now, can I ask for a little favour?
"I guess Matilda isn't normal either?"
This isn't a classroom, it's a bloody hallway!"
Brilliant ideas always seem so simple afterwards.
A variation of "my father will hear about this", but for once not directed at me.
It'll feel good to be famous for something I actually did.
That is, unless this mysterious author is busy spending all their time teaching eleven year old dunderheads how to properly stir a cauldron."
"Hermione Granger" "Harry Potter" "The Harry Potter?"
"He agreed to hire full time assistants for Potions, Defence, History, Charms, Transfiguration and Herbology, part time for the electives.
"Can I write him a letter?"
"We studied ahead a bit."
"Neville, do you know why you were using your father's wand?
People gradually stopped looking at me like some celebrity and got used to me being another student, even if I and Hermione had no trouble beating everyone in almost every class.
Chapter 3: Werewolf, Magic, Justice A few days after my relatives caught me annoying the neighbors, Petunia had a very sudden change of mind and demanded that I spend the day over at Ms. Figg's.
Kreacher thinks the way to destroy is from the inside, but Kreacher couldn't open it!"
And how you dealt with Pettigrew... quite Slytherin!
"And makes it difficult for you to find friends?"
"Apparently, he faked his death.
This time I used hair dye to prevent anyone from recognizing me looking like mini-James, and in combination with using "Harold" as my name I was able to appear in public without getting mobbed by fans.
I think you did do it right, otherwise there wouldn't have been any light at all."
One of the other boys took a look at the book I had been reading.
I guess that's good advice, remember when we turned all the Slytherin's hair green?"
-HP-HP-HP- On the way back through the tunnel, I distinctly remembered something else.
I also may have caused S. P.E.
"Hmm, there's a moon behind the wolf.
Unless you want to ask something on O. W.L level, Professor Weatherford's office is on the first floor, west wing.
A Gryffindor would've put you on without a plan and a Slytherin would've tried to trick you."
That language of flowers theory could be it.
"I'm informing you that it would be better for you to give it back and apologize."
"My parents were Gryffindors, so my grandmother wants me there, but I don't know if I'm good enough.
"And if that had happened, with your parents and you gone, who'd have inherited the family business?"
"DON'T CALL HIM A FREAK AND GIVE THAT BACK!"
Maybe I can use the opportunity.
"Potter, Harry" Oh great, everyone stared at me.
It's not exactly the nearest one."
To be honest, I have to idea how to handle the situation.
I mean, theoretically, that'd be a much better way to get at the juice."
"How...how did you find out?"
The password opened the passage behind the one-eyed witch statue and soon we were in the tunnel to Hogsmeade.
"My Gran is going to kill me, that's my father's wand and I was supposed to be careful and not break it."
Chapter 5: Back to school So, I'm mentally 18 years old, I've been out of primary school for nearly 8 years, and now I'm back, in the body of an 8 year old.
That's where I met Hermione, by the way, I saw her blast some bullies with accidental magic and told her that she's a witch.
-HP-HP-HP- "Hey Hermione, what are you reading there?"
It's the locking me up part she always used to do."
She didn't notice that the envelope inside wasn't addressed to Remus.
"Yeah, but at the muggle school nobody knew who I was, except for you.
I took a look at the map.
And I had a nice idea for the duel before deciding to not do the remembrall chase, because you aren't in the same class as Malfoy and Neville.
All in all, the trip was a success.
It's got to do something with how my parents defied Voldemort at least three times, and with my birthday.
It was probably some kind of trap set by my parents."
George seemed a bit suspicious, but Fred was eager to explore and pulled him along into the second chamber.
So my theory about the arithmantic properties of incantations might be correct.
You think you're some kind of noble hero, but you're not, and I'll prove it.
I promise that as soon as I find a way I'll destroy it, but until then you need to keep it safe and you can't tell anyone!"
The school's running great.
What an excellent demonstration!
"It's about this girl, Matilda, who likes to read a lot and she's good at school, but nobody believes her and the headmistress hates her, so she learns to move things with her mind and gets the headmistress to resign by making it look like there's a ghost in the school."
That's why I'm rather frustrated by the teaching quality here."
There's always something going on with whoever has that position.
They did notice, however, that I seemed to have forgotten how to do my chores correctly.
I'm pretty sure nobody recognized me with my dyed hair and the baseball cap covering my scar, and Remus later went back alone to get my books.
"Well, it's true that I need to be safe.
We'll just tell you everything you need to know about the Magical world and the basics of what I could teach you now."
Well, after that there weren't any relevant incidents for a while.
"I can go to the library with Remus tomorrow and look up which schools are available around here."
A very clever animal, but unfortunately completely useless in 99% of all situations.
He still hasn't fully recovered from Azkaban, and I doubt he'll ever be mature."
What a tragedy that situation was."
Catch him like you caught Pettigrew after my previous letter.
Astronomy class doesn't teach the right planets.
As far as I can tell it's using a very simple form of legilimency on the user to determine what it's supposed to turn into, because when I ask it for something that nobody else has probably asked it before, then it only works if I push the entire mental image, and not just the request sentence, it front of my occlumency.
Do you want a Lemon Sherbet?
Hey, that's even the same first question.
"Scabiosa is a genus of plants, I guess you could have one in a terrarium.
I noticed a while ago that you're trying to keep an eye on me, probably because of my...
When you see a first year of one house getting bullied by three older students of another house, you should do something to help.
-HP-HP-HP- After dinner finished, Dumbledore waved his wand, levitated the tables into the center of the Great Hall and transfigured them into a stage.
-HP-HP-HP- Well, you can imagine the result.
"Yeh'll get yer firs' sigh o' Hogwarts in a sec", Hagrid called over his shoulder exactly like in Philosopher's Stone, "jus' round this bend here."
I could Magic my way out, but using my wand would let the Ministry know I'm here, and my wandless Magic...
I and Malfoy walked towards the stage, him visibly angry but trying not to show that this wasn't what he'd planned.
"Some form of coded message?
Let's see… ...now that's a lot of junk.
He insisted that I should just observe and not do anything."
"No, because you can move things with your mind, of course."
What do you want my help for?"
"If only my poor old mistress knew what her blood traitor son was doing, bringing halfbloods and werewolves into the house of her fathers..." Right, Kreacher.
I could prevent him from finding out.
When brewing Draught of Living Death, wouldn't it be a good idea to crush the Sopophorous bean instead of cutting it?
We agreed that I should learn basic defensive Magic in case I get attacked.
I went to a random muggle school far from home under the Black name.
"Of course, you'd know all about that.
"Thanks, but that's not why we're here, Professor.
There's my main roadblock, you see: I've got a feeling my wand doesn't like me.
