He was just staring longingly at his parents.
"Well...I never had much of a say when I was alive either," Percy replied, and then he disappeared.
He looked at George like he didn't know what he'd done that was so profoundly wrong to receive this reception.
His mum stopped by a stall to look at half-off jewellery.
"I'm sure that you don't want to hurt George's new ghost friend's feelings now, would you?
How he'd just bolted into his house and never left it again afterwards.
Maybe she should put her hand back on the table before they aroused suspicions.
Angelina did, in fact, bother to look over at his parents who looked like they were having the time of their life, eating rubbery stew.
If George had been born a woman, he was sure that he'd now be in the arms of Witch Weekly's Hottest Bachelor thank you very much.
Diagon Alley was filled with more snooty snobs than the Yule Ball had been.
Did they knowingly leave him here to rot all by himself?
"Why did you never send an…" he paused, his eyes widening.
"George, how is he like?"
Angelina grabbed his hand.
He might as well have said that he wanted them to leave him alone to rot.
"This is not about FRED!"
He remembered seventeen-year-old Percy, smug and self-satisfied as he left school with top marks.
"You miserable sodding goat, THIS is what you wanted to tell us?"
"My carpets are not moldy," Percy mumbled.
What about your family, Perce?
It's why I'm not a Chaser.
He didn't suggest apparating to the house until ten minutes after they started walking.
He didn't say anything about knocking his girlfriend up—well, George supposed that he was too busy wondering how his family somehow ended up in his house.
"That's not possible," he muttered.
George wished he'd tell him that he was wrong.
He just couldn't believe he didn't know.
Percy's baggy shirt slipped down his pointy, freckled shoulder.
"Does he look the same as the last time we saw him?"
"Well, err… after I found out that Harry was right, I was so humiliated that I asked the Minister if I could work from home and he agreed.
That they were going to whisper to each other for the next ten years and keep his death like the family secret for the rest of his life?
He could buy some butterbeer if he wanted to.
Probably crushed by a box he was moving around.
He hadn't thought about what kind of life Percy had.
Did the hospital send an emergency Floo call that we don't know about?
"We should just burn the house down.
He must've noticed Charlie was holding out takeaway bags because Percy's face twisted in some kind of emotion.
Anyway, I'm sure that if we clean this place up, we're going to be helping him anyway.
They'd missed it so long that it didn't even count anymore.
"You can't just tell George's new mental ghost friend that you're going to bury him.
How dare he not even know the most minute details of Percy's death?
George did feel like a shell sometimes, like he was waiting for it to be filled with his usual George-ness but it just didn't.
So, I suppose after that incident, I just… did not bother leaving the house.
Don't get this the wrong way, but when did your hair turn white?"
He looked like he was the one that had just seen a ghost.
He could remember Percy not being there when his father was in the home.
The house looked even worse than George had remembered it.
"Your ear, you…" George felt sick.
Looking at it now, George wanted to laugh.
After—before you—uh…" "You dragged us here just to talk to a ghost about what kind of food he likes?"
Well, it wasn't like George was sprinting at a ghastly pace, so they caught up with him fairly quickly.
"Do you have a good excuse for that?
"They look so… so old."
George tore off the rest of the Spello-tape and cracked open the box.
To her, he was her little baby that couldn't even breathe on his own for the first two years of his life.
Charlie yelled back at him, to which George just scoffed.
"Yes, yes," Molly smoothed over her hair.
They held a ten-year grudge because of what happened on two days of that bloody year.
Molly's eyes were glossy.
He prided in doing all that he could to keep them safe and sheltered.
The one time I ask you to walk into a house and you're acting like I told you to go on another hunt for horcruxes!
"It's just one more problem after another," he looked at George.
He'd taken to writing the date on the back of every photo on that album, along with the exact day and time that the photograph was taken but provided no other information.
"The bloke that wrote Even More Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them?
He knows that we don't hate him, right?
But there was something else at the back of George's mind.
The more he looked at it, the worse he felt.
Percy might as well be wearing an invisibility cloak.
He tried to rub the tears out of his eyes, as he glanced back and realised that his mum's pace slowed down because of her knees and his dad was puffing like he was in the middle of a Quidditch tournament.
She fed and pumped him up full of calories and arrogance.
I don't even know where it is anymore!
I mean I'd be depressed too, if I knew that I'd died that young… I'm sure he probably looks like an old goat in this mirror.
Percy's eyes then drifted to Charlie, and he looked mortified.
The woman just got divorced.
"Well, dear, what do you need us in the house for?
But when the biscuits hit the table, George felt his stomach turn.
There were probably wizards dying of hypothermia that asked their nurses to pull down the windows because they were afraid that their toes were about to melt off.
He paused in the middle of the street and burst into tears, nodding his head.
Love, I'm going to find your body and bury you!"
Do you feel like you might've accidentally dropped your other ear there?"
I know everyone agrees with me.
This practice continued on even when Ron befriended Harry.
It hurt to think that he was alone.
George reiterated, as if he wanted to laugh at him but then he realised the lines in his parents' skin, and the streaks of white in his mum's hair.
Up close he looked like he was the one that was haunted by something.
"He lived eight years knowing nobody bothered to bury him," George's voice was unsteady.
Arthur cocked his head to the side.
Did he really think that the rest of his family would let them live in a place like this?
And Percy said he'd left the house once after he'd died.
Fred and George hadn't let him forget how absolutely lame that was that Percy couldn't stay on a broom for more than three seconds.
George just couldn't take it anymore.
"Um…why I bought you here.
The photo he picked was horrible but he doubted that the others were any better.
I tell everyone everything!"
George examined his wife's face and body just to make sure she didn't grow any fins.
Because it didn't sound like it should be.
Did he write to you after a decade of vanishing into thin air to tell you about how he desperately needed your help to remove the stick up his arse?
He bet he had panic attacks every time someone threw one of his dirty, wet sopping boxes away.
That's what you two were fighting about, wasn't it?"
His mum looked like she had a tick with how badly she wanted to clean this house!
Bastard) and then just stared at the ground.
