Persephone answered, "He's going to be Professor Sprout's assistant next year."
The test over here in America is at fifteen!
Maybe dueling would be a safe way to lash out the anguish that still rumbled beneath her.
Lillylarlar: Christmas indeed I'm glad you enjoyed the chapters!
"Well… no…" Neville pulled at his collar, "The difference is I'm always going into to save someone and well….. the person in the greenhouse… changes sometimes."
As the last in the line of student's she came late to seeing the confrontation between her cousin and the Potter boy.
She was on her way to the quidditch pitch when she heard her name yelled in the courtyard.
She was rather glad there was an age limit after Dumbledore explained the death tolls that had arisen from the games.
Although her grandfather had been working on apparation with her during her stay in New York it didn't mean she was overly fond of the transportation method.
She ended his previous nerves and making him realize he did not have an answer to her question.
Hermione leaned up on her cushion to count the hands which slyly Persephone and George put up theirs despite having no idea what was going on, "That's a majority - Motion passed!"
This did give her an idea though… "Hey Seph."
Fenrir repeated his parting words from the night before as the Fat Lady closed behind her.
She looked down at George.
I can't wait to be home for Christmas.
Persephone had given him a kiss on the cheek when the train arrived at Kings Cross, but that was about it.
The unfairness of all of this had finally weighed down upon her.
Out of the silver pool came a shaggy dog that made her smile.
"Should have realized Peter that if Voldemort didn't kill you we would, together!"
Harry and Ron burst through the archway scrambling to hide something behind their back, but they were hardly successful.
"Thought you were avoiding me."
She watched Hermione look downcast at her desk and heard Ron half-heartedly agree with the Professor.
George gripped a hand on the manky old boot listening to his father countdown- "Three….
Antigone's face was clenched and her fist was wrapped around a piece of parchment.
"I repeat, as long as you have studied the theory hard enough—" "And what good's theory going to be in the real word?"
George slammed the steaming porridge into his mouth taking away a devilishly curious look from Fred.
The referee motioned their turn about and steps.
After George was out of view he sprinted back to 93 Diagon Alley, "FREDIE!"
Least Hermione and Ginny are there most times.
Persephone was on the verge of throwing up.
"Harry, I don't think you should touch it."
her tone turned dark and bitter, "I'm sure you know as well as I," The Professor took her look of confusion as a cue to continue, "Your father being a murderous raving lunatic of course."
And Umbridge just had to take it further, "Who do you imagine wants to attack children like yourselves?"
In fact he hardly slept at all.
"You know reading as much as you your brain might explode."
She asked after dropping in asphodel and fairy wings to the base of dragon's blood.
Her godfather wasn't much of lecturer, but as she thought about him not being at breakfast Professor Snape swept through the doors commanding each window shutter to close with a flick of his wrist.
He had to yell over the music.
Persephone spent most of the remaining semester within the weather eye of a Professor one escorted her to classes, another to the Great Hall, and so on.
Hermione sat near her working on a chasm of never ending homework.
Ron put his hand in one of the spider terrariums, and Hermione tore up her notes on today's lesson without hesitation.
"Yes, Weasleys seem to be annoying lately."
his voice was polite yet firm.
Screams echoed as the flame danced a perimeter forcing anyone in her direct vicinity to flee.
George said, "Once Fred gets over the initial amazement he'll demanded to know how much."
They walked through the wall one after the other.
"Let's get out of here… this...isn't right we need to try another door."
He let the letter fall back to the ground taking out his wand, "She said not to leave another mark upon you."
"Don't pay attention but I think everyone is looking over at us."
There were five rows of seats and in the very front row there was already a girl in blue robes nervously fidgeting in her seat.
"Until my body can get used to my-my normal doses I go through these crashes," her peripheral vision started to go, "Would you just hold me til it passes?"
He paused to catch up with himself.
The room could hardly be called mirror lined anymore.
The wizard, Jenkins, shot out a stream of blue, and to dodge the other wizard had to concede more space, "Looks like it's nearly the end of the line for Maxwell here!
Weatherby took all of the signed documents to the owlery, and he took out the papers that had been secured about the boy from Beauxbatons.
She was shaping the back as George tapped her shoulder.
They were all wearing very large and bright buttons etched with the words "Weasley is our King" "Oh merlin…."
He stopped walking knowing his brother- like a dog with a bone- would not let it go in the slightest.
Her heart pattered against her ribs as his hand dug into his coat pocket.
Anyway I'm rather excited to see you.
Without realizing it Harry had taken an invisible stab back at her.
She tried to make light of his disparaging tone putting her hands on the bars.
They sat in a triangle in the First floor girls bathroom after classes.
The man turned after the click of the door.
Tommy's hand went into the air; waving it insistently in front of Umbridge's face.
Persephone observed the stumbling Professor as he hobbled in and out of the room.
Harry answered abrasively.
I'm going to have ask you to leave."
She lowered her arm, "I'm glad you pulled me aside.
She was adorably focused on a book scratching notes in where she thought appropriate muttering out loud on how they had this wrong or that was skewed.
He kept his voice low hoping it would hide the anger underneath it.
Fred scratched the back of his head, "Yeahhhhh, that's it."
Their house ghost Nearly Headless Nick turned Hermione away from her food.
"You can't do this, what if you made one of them really ill?"
Her scream of the spell reverberated through the room followed by a white light.
The house will remain under investigation until your father is apprehended."
George nodded, understanding how he felt guilty even though… there was nothing he could have done, "My father-in-law, told me… you were the one to figure it out."
Two tall silhouettes came into view over the hilltop.
Ginny screamed above all the ruckus.
She'd tried to convince him to move back to England but he was in love with America and all the memories New York held in his heart.
I love molding the twins and Lee as the story furthers and I'll continue to do so (maybe not so much with Lee) Tidbit: Thank you for all the love, I really appreciate it and your continued reviews!
The rain beat louder against the upper levels of the home.
Fred, Angelina and Mala started to make their way through.
Ron was the source of the blood.
It made her think that tossing the book into the fire was the best idea in the world.
There was something that George noticed in that moment; Persephone had a completely clenched jaw.
Thank you for the review I'm glad you are enjoying it!
George sprinted up the stairs.
Their heads in the pensieve.
"I should change we're nearly there."
Madame Cere finished her scribbling before giving the girl a raised eyebrow.
The long walk up to the Manor was soothing as the air was a tad chilly but not abrasive.
"Yeah, well I'll count the register so you don't over count my change."
He alerted the assistant to his presence, "I have an assignment for you."
I enclosed some charmed licorice … it'll make you laugh…Granddad started to teach me how to apparate.
NHPhoenix24: Chapter 23 did feel a lot different than the last and it was meant to so I'm glad that came through, I would say we are still in the realm of Harry Potter, I'm just adding my own into the mix.
Persephone's face reddened, "I'm so sorry!
His clothes fell from his shoulders and Peter's face and limbs shrunk until he was once more a rat.
Voldemort is to build up his army again.
Lupin started, "Not only do you resemble her outwardly."
