He knew every inch of these halls now.
After that she quickly open door and walked in.
The door opened revealed Minerva carrying some paper.
"Mr Potter and Mr Black, you will face 1 month suspension started next term.
But portrait in this castle can't lie to the Headmaster.
He glanced towards the boy and just nodded.
While Peter nodded solemnly.
He intended the headmaster to see marauder's bullying even though he has to sacrifice himself.
Then, hesitantly, she hugged him back.
He said looking at her, feeling tears spring to his eyes but he would not allow them to fall.
Maybe you really wanted to get out from there.
Albus looked up to him and stared at the boy.
"Potter and his gang already punished by Professor Flitwick, detention till rest of the year.
He opened his eyes and sat up.
And I just let you go because I'm a coward", confessed him.
James was the leader, while Sirius his second and Remus and Peter followed them behind.
Dumbledore smiled warmly.
From his memory, he remembered Lily got Acceptable in history of Magic.
He found himself faces with the one and only Albus Dumbledore who looked at him in concerned.
Taking her hand into his.
When it comes to Potter and Snape, I had punished the wrong person.
Sincerely, Severus Snape.
I didn't realize that Sirius would try to stun him too" "Many times I heard your sorry, Mr Potter.
"Hello Snivellus," James sneered.
"Professor", he acknowledged the headmaster.
'Last time in the lake incident, he remembered that he saw Lily smiled at his humiliation.
He frowned as he forgot that he didn't know the password.
He tried to reached to something, but instead his right hand was grabbed by Dumbledore.
"You're most welcome, Severus.
But she smiled inwardly when she heard that.
He felt worried about this boy.
He dodged the spell, but that made him unbalanced and fell.
The boy just exhausted from accidental magic.
Ms Evans can pulled him to the light sight.
Just as he reached the wall, Dumbledore arrived and watched the scene.
Severus is a private boy.
Slowly he get off the bed and headed to the washroom.
After you return to the school, both of you will serve detention for another 1 month and will not allowed to play quidditch until I say so" Now James began to cry out in earnest.
"Please have a seat Minerva.
He still can't believe Lily sat in front of her, alive.
Severus sense another presence near him.
He coughed up blood and managed to glance towards the Headmaster who was in shocked, then all went dark.
Before this, I had believed them because I never believed gryffindor boys would lied to me.
Dumbledore beamed at him.
"Shhh," Dumbledore tried to soothe him as he lifted the stretcher and went to the infirmary, "It's all right, Severus."
"Thank you for still being my friend" Lily smiled.
Everytime the marauder fight with Snape, they accused him even though they were the one who were started.
A genuine smile tugged at his lips as he able to see her again.
I cannot recall any year where I'm very ashamed of gryffindor".
I guess.. it was my fault too.
"I heard that you apparate from the lake, is it true?"
"It was me and padfoot who cursed him, not you Moony".
Albus stood up and sat on the bed and put his hand rested on the boy's shoulder, he felt that Severus tensed.
"We were just waiting to talk to him," Sirius said, trying to sound and look innocent.
I'm a Headmaster, not a student.
Unable to stop them while you already saw that I'm not holding my wand right now", he sneered.
Albus stood up and knee in front of Minerva.
He thinking what Poppy had said to him last week about Severus's father.
Did she already fancy him before that?'
"Bring the message to Lucius Malfoy" he told the owl, who screamed in confirmation and then rose into the air.
He was the head of Slytherin after all.
Before returning to his office, Dumbledore conjured a patronus to inform Minerva about what had happened and asked her to meet at his office.
They were always attacked first, and Snape just defended himself.
I had thought all of you had learn the lesson, but I'm wrong", continued Dumbledore, feeling dismayed.
"Severus my boy, if you have anything to say to me, my door always open for you.
Dumbledore asked cheerfully, his eyes were twinkling as always and his mouth chewing lemon drop.
No wonder my body fell numb' thought Severus.
asked Dumbledore, as he held out his hand.
Lily was still for a moment, out of sheer confusion.
Potter approached, winded.
He was unable to stop his friends.
"Everything's going to be okay."
He sighed and walked towards them.
She's alive, how beautiful.
I can't even stop you from doing any mischief, neither did I can stop you from bullying.
I thought you will spend your summer at Malfoy Manor" 'Why would he thought that?'
But today I had asked many honest witnesses about how Potter and his friends tormented Mr. Snape everyday and every second.
He smiled as he saw lily sitting at a table corner of the library.
They kept exchanging hex and Snape easily dodge which make them more aggressive.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Minerva was thinking as she walking slowly in the corridor.
His wand waited in his sleeve, ready for use.
The marauder's eyes widened.
Albus looked at him through his spectacle.
Ms Evans friend with Mr. Snape.
"Headmaster", the portrait nodded and it opened the door to him.
Not all things we can joke Albus, hang upside down an unarmed student on a tree, sabotage potion in class that can cause explosion, that were not harmless, Albus.
Mulciber and Avery had insulted me and Mary the other day.
How could he forgot how his son used wore it before'.
Tonight I caught them", said Albus with a sigh.
Severus's breathing was rather abrupt and jagged.
Severus could hear the voice of the headmaster through his sleepy, foggy mind.
Lupin stared to the floor ashamed of his attitude as a prefect.
Except last year… she called him Snape when she thought him as a traitor.
there must be dark magic," snarled Potter.
Remus had admitted that this evening.
"Have you punish those boys?
Poppy nodded and went to search to the file.
What kind of prefect are you, Lupin?
But she still kept staring at the book looked like she was thinking something else.
"Oh, Sev," Lily exhaled, her voice laced with both concern and relief.
