Since they had escaped it, she hadn't felt her at all, not even once.
They started walking down the streets, their baby girl wide awake looking at them from her mother's arms.
Only her little, innocent Belle could get her smile in the worst moment of her life.
He heard Hermione's voice singing softly to the baby as she rubbed the little girl's back.
"How do I... How do I ask her?"
Seven times, to be precise.
Belle upped her head, surprised, and shrugged her shoulders.
he asked, turning his head to see the cover of the book she was holding.
"You were amazing, sweetheart.
"H...Hos... Hospi...tal...
Training starts next month!"
She hadn't slept much the night before due to her teething (which kept Hermione and Ron up most of the night) and she only took a 10-minute nap at nursery school, so Hermione was determined to try and make her daughter sleep till dinnertime before she lost her mind.
He sighed and got closer to them, wrapping his arm around her shoulders.
"You see, Belle, the baby... the baby that mommy had was very, very small and... it couldn't stay in mommy's tummy because it wasn't strong enough, and..." he started, caressing her red curls before she interrupted him.
Then, she ran out of the kitchen.
If you want to go outside, you have to go with one of us, understood?"
Hermione gave her a small smile and caressed her daughter's cheek.
The beast placed the candellabrum on the ground and walked to Hermione and Belle.
Hermione and Harry laughed.
Her crying got more intense, causing several vases and windows to break as well as the interviewer's glasses.
It was also Christmas time.
He's just very worried about you and wants to help you in any way he can.
Ron looked at her, then at Hermione whose cheeks were turning a violent shade of red.
I... I-I wanted you to know him as my...
Everybody looked at them, between eager and confused.
You made something better.
Little Belle seemed marvelled by the whole thing, smiling at it, nodding along and even humming some of the tunes as she recognised them as the lullabies her mother sang to her at night.
The broom rose a few centimetres from the floor.
Soon after Christmas, Belle received an owl with a letter and a little box.
Hermione rolled her eyes.
I mean..." she stammered.
he asked watching his eldest sister walk around the room.
"I don't think it'll happen, but if she cries..." Hermione started.
she explained her daughter.
After seeing his best friends disagreeing on the subject, Harry had opted for taking an early shift outside the tent.
Belle sighed and nodded, then brushed her tears with her hand.
Seconds later, there was a blue glow that emerged from the little girl's cheeks and she just started to sob.
Where did she learn that again?"
She's just... she was very scared."
"We have a special pack for first-year students with all the books they'll need.
There were shoutings of joy from the Gryffindor table.
I still haven't won a single game since we've known each other."
Her father, on the other hand, was nervous and went to it slowly.
The little girl took the rose from him and smiled him thanks.
"And why are you making that potion?"
Please, stay out of trouble (Yes, you and Freddie, James, especially!).
"She doesn't cry with anyone else but me.
The black haired girl was holding the baby girl with an upset look on her face.
Hermione was about to kiss the little girl's hand when she noticed the scratch in it.
You know Belle is no push over whatsoever.
She nodded and hesitated for a minute, then she laid on the couch while George looked at his niece for the very first time.
"Thank you so much for doing this."
She didn't really feel like smiling in that moment, but she didn't want to worry or upset Belle.
She walked in the kitchen of the little cottage in Ottery St. Catchpole where Ron was cooking dinner.
Teddy wouldn't let me read my book, but that's beside the point.
She was finishing the first one when she felt somebody was tugging on her robes.
"We talked about it yesterday.
* Birthday tradition * 1998 It started the year of the battle.
"What bigger news could you have?"
Belle stood up and started to put her things away.
Hermione looked back, confused.
"Hermione..." He started before she interrupted him.
Hermione stood up and they both entered the hospital wing where Madame Pomfrey was tending a Ravenclaw boy.
She was happy she was going to share her life and her things with a sibbling.
"Ron, where did Hermione put the toy broom Ginny and I got Belle for Christmas?"
She examined the baby, then looked around, then she glared at Ron and Harry furiously.
"Don't make me go to aunt Ginny's.
Hermione's gonna kill me!
You're sweet, caring, compasionate and incredibly smart.
"She and Adam want to announce it at Christmas when all the kids are home."
Ron laid his hand on top of it, smiling.
"She survived the Cruciatus Curse and was born in the middle of a bloody war.
She smacked his shoulder.
"You know, me, your mommy and your daddy read this book when we were at Hogwarts."
"What you reading, pumpkin?"
She was about to answer when they heard a crash and many books falling, followed by a few shrieks.
Hermione sighed, picked up the baby and sat her on her lap.
Hermione reprimanded her.
Hermione immediately tried to summon the pain potion but she didn't get it.
Ron smiled and kissed her cheek.
Adam shrugged his shoulders.
Belle just laughed and looked at the fruit levitating around her.
I thought she was getting an emerald dress robe."
What are you doing here?"
As per usual, 13-year-old Rose looked up to see if she got anything from her parents.
She turned around in his arms, wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him closer, continuing with the kiss.
Belle tried to move forward but he moved closer to her.
"She and Adam haven't gone out together since the baby was born and that was 8 months ago.
Ginny grabbed the cloth from the playpen and put it on the baby's forehead, trying to down her fever, but it didn't work.
Just then, Belle and Adam arrived.
Hugo asked as Belle gave Lizzie to Rose and the kids' bag to him.
"Still, it wasn't right, Hermione.
Her 4-month-old daughter was bouncing from one person to the other, mostly around the women in the house.
Hermione had many talents, Ginny knew.
"Is something wrong with him?"
Ron said as he watched Hermione slowly laying baby Belle on her cot next to the bed.
Belle looked up at her mother and smiled.
"Daddy, why are you and mommy so sad?"
he asked, slightly annoyed.
Hermione said looking at her granddaughter in her arms and kissing her cheek.
