"She paused their love affair for a moment to tell me she was proud of me before disappearing," she added, shrugging.
"I can't be with you," she said stubbornly, staring him down from her diminutive height.
"Why did you always spend all your time with Crabbe and Goyle, then?"
he asked, and she frowned, stammering.
Death of a Con Man, Part X Concluded.
Even Hermione can't find him."
Her still unworn pants, possibly; not that Harry was in a hurry to remedy the situation.
"There," Draco said, jutting his chin out to reference the approaching car; it was an XLR that looked more than a little out of place pulling behind a warehouse.
[He pauses for a moment.]
If it says yes, then fine.
"You know, as though it were a question."
When Draco talks, people listen.
Whether there was a good reason she was gone, or if it just wasn't him; if it was someone else, someone who did things right, someone who knew what she wanted - Fuck, he thought, loving her completely and hating every spare inch of himself.
Daphne: "Aw, but Flitwick's so smol and cute!"
Cormac: [shrugging] "Most of the good ones."
"Green scrubs," he supplied, gesturing for explanation, and she looked down to check before kicking herself.
"Thanks for this," he added sarcastically, setting the glass down with a thud.
Somehow he thinks the investment will be met with better results.
"Sure," she agreed brightly, drumming her fingers against a battered composition book.
"Ah," Hermione said, fighting the impulse to rub her temple wearily.
A gasp floats to a moan as she lets her head fall back; he brushes his lips against the ivory arch of her throat and then looks up, watching her.
James, catching her expression, visibly faltered.
Severus: [looking back down at his newspaper] "You're welcome."
"Dad, that's—" Arthur paused, frowning.
"So," Harry said hesitantly, "like, in terms of what to do in this particular instance … " "Honestly?
"It's a potion," Malfoy informed her, looking distinctly bothered at having to explain.
she insisted, smacking his chest.
"You tricked me," she realized furiously, glaring at him.
"And anyway, it seems my children inherited my selfishness, so there's no winning in this parenting game."
It was soft and sort of cold, giving him a strange sensation in his teeth.
Narcissa asked, and the snake gave her a look, as if to say what on earth does it look like?
Draco: [shrugs] "I can't answer them.
Fuck y-" Neville: [interrupting] "We talked about this, McLaggen."
Dean: "Somewhere she'd be restrained, figuratively."
This wasn't the first time he'd seen Theo get inundated with requests for autographs - or get stopped to listen to someone's immense emotional connection to his work - and it certainly wouldn't be the last, so it was easy enough to drift away from the conversation.
Draco blinked, dragging himself back to the present.
There, Harry thought, smugly conclusive.
"Then," he reminded her, "I suppose I just won't tell you what I have."
"Bye," he said, and she turned and walked away, wondering if he was still watching.
On the other side of the door, Minerva paces, arbitrarily shouting expletives over her shoulder at Hermione, who sits next to a delighted Gilderoy.]
"My mother held another dinner, not too long after, and of course, Theo was supposed to come - " "No," she gasped.
"If that's not what you want - feelings, I mean - " "If all I want is sex?"
He himself is sleeping in next to nothing, slipping under his covers in his underwear and nothing else.
Because he'd just be so grateful he'd just set up camp down there with some kind of breathing charm and just, fucking - go to town, you know?"
"Though, let's be clear, I can't make any promises about his sanity—" "Well, deal," Draco said resignedly, looking back at Theo.
"Maybe you don't have a clue what I am—" "Maybe I don't," he agreed, stepping towards her.
Daphne pulls off her shirt, then unzips her pants, and Theo sighs like, Really?
"Stop—" "If you don't want me anymore, Theo—" "It's not you I don't want," he said, feeling something inside him collapse at the admission.
"Is it just me," Harry ventured carefully, "or are there quite a lot of women staring?"
Rita said, gesturing for the witch to join them.
He only half-heartedly fought it, in the end.
Minerva: "Listen up you shits, this is a hell of a job.
"It's because Draco wouldn't stop staring at you," she whispered, then offered her a wink and strode away, ready to make amends with her new favorite author.
Draco: "What rhymes with 'secret Christmas sex'?"
Daphne: "—but that leaves fucking the centaur, and I'm just not sure how feasible that is."
She and Harry had broken up before the start of the season (timing wasn't good; he wanted to settle down, and she wanted to continue her professional career) and she felt as though she hadn't been touched in months.
She'd always been itching for something, nothing either of them could identify or explain, and he had never found himself properly able to give it to her.
Once the crown passes to you, as it soon might," he added sadly, pulling witheringly at his beard, "I'm afraid a queen without a husband isn't going to reassure our allies, however capable you may be."
Interviewer: "I literally just met him."
What was she going to do if he cast her out, or worse?
I can see you," he explained, his gaze traveling from her eyes to her nose to the curve of her cheek, coming to rest on her lips.
If you don't work here, then what exactly do you do?"
Another fun aspect of being such a public figure."
Training, competition, it's all just constant motion, eternally grinding gears.
"To give me time to do whatever it took to get you on board with overthrowing my father and using you as a means for public support.
"Quidditch," he replied curtly.
"I have half a mind to stab myself in the leg just so no one can demand I leave my bed."
"Such a pity no one will believe you."
[Cuts back to Ron, Daphne, Pansy interview.]
"I told you I wasn't looking for a relationship, and you agreed - " "Yeah, three months ago!"
You can stay for a bit, but that's it."
Death of a Con Man, Part VIII Cont'd.
Theo, on the other hand, is excellent at Texas Hold'em.
She gave him a meaningful look, toying with her necklace.
"Well, we should all aspire to be valued for our talents, don't you think?"
have you missed Lee Jordan?
"You could at least try for subtlety, Mione."
She took their eldest sister by the crook of her arm, angling a deliberate glance over her shoulder at Narcissa.
Her confidence faltered, however, finding an unexpected slickness there and saturating her fingers in the heat of Daphne's arousal, turning her attention to the way Daphne's breath had quickened.
Lee: "Well, cheat death when you can, but never cheat in cycling, as I always say!
But surely this much had been believable enough.
"Yes, I have to—have to break you out, and then go get Malfoy, and then—" She stopped as something landed on her head with a loud thunk, nearly dizzying her.
"We both decided we wanted to be friends," he clarified.
"I'm sorry, lass," James said, grimacing a little as he closed the door behind him, the raucous sounds echoing up from the Great Hall as she settled herself uncomfortably on the edge of the bed.
"And to get here, I did…" Another grimace.
she asked, forcing herself to make conversation.
"We should probably review that."
Theo: "Eh, more or less."
"You're just—okay, look, hang on, I can't really explain it—" Harry broke off to remove his warm-ups, under which he was wearing a compression shirt and a pair of unbelievably tight shorts.
Draco grabs his arm, trying to leave, but Theo nudges him away, flashing him a polarized glare from beneath thousand-dollar lenses before turning back to the lifeguard.
he asked, and she hastily demurred, holding out the potion for him again.
"Oh please," Gilderoy said humbly, gesturing for them to sit.
MacGyvered or not, she'd done a solid enough job; it would scar, obviously, but not badly.
"Yes," she exhaled dizzily, and he swept her up in a fluid, rapid motion, yanking her into him with a growl and backing her against the broadness of the tree behind her.
Let me just grab my brunch cape."
Whatever she'd done, Draco certainly thought it was very funny, but Theo clearly didn't think it was funny at all.
Lee: "Did you know he was a werewolf?"
She was kind and intelligent, and pure of heart, and made content by simple pleasures; but she was determined, too, and such a thing is often overlooked.
And I mean, who knows, maybe we'll get each oth-" Ginny: "Hey, want to just ditch this and have sex?"
"Maybe you're right that my side doesn't want me," Draco said.
