"She was supposed to be here."
She tilted her head at her and Scorpius' entwined hands.
Quincy asked his mother, looking fascinated.
Not her circus, not her monkeys.
Her dad said thoughtfully.
Book in hand, Quincy sat on the sofa and regarded her with a look she couldn't quite recognise.
Scorpius figured that her Elf-wine induced babblings were code for: "Don't let your family force you to marry the first rich coot that throws Galleons around after the war or else you'll end up like me: miserable with too many children."
"I'll figure out the dagger, mum."
"We'll know better when she wakes, but they said the reversal was done successfully.
He had half the mind to tell her that she hadn't been part of the family in years and that it was too late for her to start being his mother, but thought better.
Rose wanted to be normal.
Scorpius nodded and looked down, then at his friend, expression serious.
She'd eaten half of Rose's pastry and had a bit of chocolate on her mouth.
Before Rose could figure out what he meant, the lanky Unspeakable stepped aside and drew his wand.
She squeaked, but did a pretty good job at keeping Rose off the floor.
Speaking of candy, Rose broke into the top drawer with a whispered Alohamora and a flick of her wand.
The lights were dim and the DJ was playing a song he didn't exactly care for, but the people on the dance floor seemed to enjoy.
Except for employees…and me, of course.
His hair wasn't going to survive the two witches who were gyrating against him.
Lily played with her earring, trying to temper her confidence with a shy act.
He figured it was part of being a Weasley; none of them were familiar with the concept of personal space.
The atmosphere was tense; at least on Ron's part, which was understandable given the situation and their location.
And now she was someone Rose sought out while at work…and sometimes when she wasn't.
More than anything, Rose needed out of that hell so the knock on the door came at a perfect time.
He carefully changed the subject.
That meant her cousin had been overruled.
Her eyes locked on Scorpius.
Scorpius had found his detailed notes during Christmas break Fourth Year.
"So is this the part where you get stabby or are we just going to continue to stare at each other?"
Rose is, and has always been, something entirely different.
"How about your parents?"
Rose desperately gasped for the breath she couldn't find, body trembling and tears pouring from her eyes.
"Have you seen anything like this?"
Rose looked at her cousin, who had taken a sudden interest in a flower.
From the window, Scorpius saw him rifle through his bag, meticulously selecting what was needed.
Scorpius blanched at the thought.
"It makes no sense to change anything now that we're all here, so why are you?"
"I heard you snubbed Lily Potter," she said matter-of-factly, tucking her blonde hair behind her ears.
Rose shifted in her seat, unsure of how to respond.
I've been briefed just like the rest of the staff."
I could have gotten out of this, but I told my mum not to block this.
He pretended to check his watch.
Gracelessly, he spat the rest on the ground next to him and wiped his face.
Quincy looked up from the book he'd plucked from her bookshelf and held it up.
They lived on the interest of their wealth.
"I would reverse the Charm right now, but the problem is that you're likely to forget all the fake memories rapidly."
The temperature was chilly—albeit tolerable—and there was a hum of energy and magic in the air.
He took it as an indication that he could continue.
He was looking at the photos.
She's got food on her face."
Her wavy blonde hair was tied back, giving her a more serious look…and highlighted her scars.
Ten minutes later, it rumbled again.
"You weren't supposed to tell me any of this, were you?"
"I know you all are sick of us telling you that, but you all know these halls better than any of us.
Ever since she'd opened her eyes in St. Mungo's with her mind in pieces, Rose had spent most of her days beating down any emotion that crept to the surface.
She tried to prepare herself, relax her muscles, focus on something, breathe, but who was she kidding?
Al opened his mouth to answer, but shut his mouth, thoughtfully pursing his lips.
"I thought you loved me."
Draco just stared at them blankly, but by the time Rose explained the joke and got the hang of walking with crutches, he was smothering his amusement into his fist.
"I don't think the microwave cares, Rose."
All the room needed was a light fixture hanging from the ceiling and it would look like every interrogation room she'd ever seen in the movies.
"I didn't agree to that last part!"
"Is that Scorpius Malfoy?"
She summoned her beaded bag and draped it over her shoulder.
Professor Vector would be impressed…or terrified, I can't decide."
And he welcomed the burn.
You should be back to normal in a few more hours.
Bloody hell, she really was going to die.
Mum put her hands on her hips.
She despised when Hugo intruded on her thoughts like the unwelcomed guest he was.
The action sent her stumbling forward with no hands to stop her.
That's your second one in the half an hour I've been in here.
Which earned her an eyeroll.
More than likely, they were expensive as hell and had writing in invisible ink that read, "Mass Produced Crap that Only Dolts Like You Will Buy and Try To Pass Off as Ornamental."
Last year, she'd gotten Rose's lifetime ban from Madam Maulkin's lifted.
I pushed you into the fire when I got you this job, and it's quickly become my biggest regret."
"I do not answer to you, Potter.
"Yes," came Hermione's muffled response.
It took years for the last survivor to regain her magic, which was fascinating.
Rose's step faltered, causing one of the lackies to bump her from behind.
"It's actually a Portkey.
Hodgens was a Physical Therapist that worked with bedridden patients in the Long-term care ward.
"Will saying no change anything?"
"I'd rather deal with that than having you hurt, too.
"Scorpius could have come with you."
Speaking of wands, one of them pressed theirs into her back and ordered her to move.
It was a little more honest than Rose had intended to be.
He waited until they were well out of earshot before he said, "If I propose a theory—" "You know you can tell me anything, Scorpius."
Barracus clasped his hands together, his cheekbones became more pronounced when he tried to smile.
"Anyway, Bangs has all sorts of theories about what's going on.
He was as tall as Barracus, but lanky; his robes looked loose on him.
All he could think about was the flickering, damaged Patronus.
Needless to say, Rose's time at Hogwarts was positively boring in comparison to her parents' but her imagination had always been there to keep life lively.
She kicked in her sleep and her feet were always cold.
He shook his head, loosened his tie, and removed his jacket, fanning himself.
"You, too—oh wait, damn."
The problem was that silence had always been the best weapon against the media, but his mother didn't listen.
And meditation required that she close her eyes and that was simply not an option.
She had on black tights and boots.
He wore a sharp navy suit and looked as if he'd just left a business meeting.
