He watched as Sirius moved his wand in a tricky movement, first flicking it slightly forwards and then raising the wand high into the air.
He asked a few questions about his parents, things that hadn't occurred to him before now, and mentioned how he was thinking of trying out for Quidditch in second year.
Then it seemed to click, all of a sudden, and he banked around to the right – going wider than he expected, but definitely flying with most of his momentum coming from broomsticks instead of from his wings.
That sounded simple enough to Harry, since he had a much better broom than before and he wasn't going to be chased by a rogue Bludger this time.
Lockhart retaliated, and the Australian man flinched back so fast he slipped and fell over – it looked like he did it quickly enough to not be hit by the spell, but Harry wasn't quite sure.
"I wonder if you can undo a memory charm?"
He leaned closer to the mirror.
Deciding not to try magic again, Harry went diving down for extra speed and spat a blast of flame at one of the acromantula.
Colin was also really interested in asking about what class was like, and Harry tried his best to summarize them as succinctly as possible and include some tips about what he'd learned – things like the basics of note-taking, or how it was best to do your homework sooner rather than later.
"So, I'm not really clear on this," said Cormac, who Harry remembered was the current Gryffindor Seeker.
His cut was a bit more wobbly than Hermione had managed, but it was also much faster – little curls of hardened chocolate left behind by his knife as he sliced downwards.
He wasn't meant to be going after the Snitch just yet, but Oliver had him flying interference for the Chasers – first making sure that the Ravenclaw Chaser, Roger Davies, couldn't get past to reach Katie without flying directly through Harry, and then using his wing to block a Bludger shot.
Sirius turned into Padfoot.
And now you've annoyed my Aunt and Uncle."
"Still… I'm kind of looking forward to next time Tyler or Anna try to sneak into the Gryffindor dorms."
What you will find within are..." He pulled the cloth off.
As it transpired, Hermione hadn't just got him a book.
Still, at least Fred and George hadn't done it in front of the whole of Gryffindor – or the whole school – so it wasn't as bad as it could have been.
Harry looked again, and it still said platform nine-and-three-quarters.
He couldn't really see the flash of red on Percy's crest from below, but it was easy enough to work out that a heron around Hogwarts had to mean Percy.
Neville looked at him, then shook his head.
Tiobald flicked through a few quick signs.
Maybe Professor Snape's brusque attitude would become a problem, as time went on, but Harry could overlook that sort of thing.
Because the Othila rune is about making connections stronger, not making them weaker."
Harry had been thinking about that, so he began counting on his talons.
"There's this poem about what each kind of person tends to do, and for them it's, um… Issola strikes from courtly bow.
Most of his remaining pounds sterling went on a train ticket from Little Whingeing to Vauxhall, with just enough left over to get lunch and the underground.
"I see you have managed to avoid being caught up in Christmas Day celebrations for the whole morning."
"I don't think so, I think it's just that you can't work in the library after curfew but you're allowed to work in the common room."
Both of the serried ranks of shogi pieces stood to attention, then marched aside to leave the way clear.
He swept his hand around, taking in all the children present from Ginny to Percy.
"Does it matter for how the stars work to tell the future that they're a really long way away?"
"I'm not that uncreative," Sirius replied, sounding hurt.
Snood was a good word, though.
Then he looked up at Nora, who was watching with bright-eyed curiosity, and said 'Rubeus Hagrid' again.
That's really impressive… I'd better let Wood know we might have some up and coming talent for next year."
She fluffed her wings and settled down for a snooze, and Harry looked at the envelope – finding that it had his name on, in blue ink, but no address.
(Instead of, as he was now, sentenced to five years in Azkaban.)
Remus' directions led him to one of the old classrooms on the third floor, and when Harry arrived ten minutes before curfew he found his lycanthruncle clearing away space in the middle of the room.
"We didn't have school, not really," Ron replied.
It missed his mouth completely, bounced off his wing, and landed on Scabbers – who jolted awake with a startled squeak, noticed the sweet, and looked around for a moment before starting to nibble it.
"I don't think there are any sports games on bicycles, though, are there?"
She gave one to Harry as well, who scanned it and found that their first lesson was Charms.
Harry did his best, but he really couldn't tell why one path was better than another, or why they went around a hill rather than climbing to the top of it.
"Never really had anything worth doing that we couldn't just turn back to human for," Sirius shrugged.
Maybe it was some of that junk mail that Uncle Vernon kept talking about, which was always a bit of an odd name for it to Harry because he was fairly sure it was Americans who called letters mail and British people said post.
"That sounds like it would either make things much worse, or it would just mean the wolf side spent the whole night sneezing."
"It involves words later on," Hermione hedged.
"-but if magic is meant to be secret then I can see why they said that," Harry went on, thinking hard, and absently scraping some letters over with his wing as he did so.
gasped the witch who Harry didn't know anything about.
Even if they all found it both interesting and odd that he hadn't realized being a dragon was unusual until his eleventh birthday.
Harry vaguely remembered that Hagrid had introduced himself as the 'keeper of keys' at some point – possibly while Harry was still waking up?
"Was that still hissing?"
"No, not much of one for stories like that," Hagrid told him.
"You went back to Dragonish mid-word."
"It's not very big but it feels nice and lair-y.
Uncle Fabian's old wand not giving you too much trouble?"
Hogwarts castle corridors were cold that November, the Scottish Winter definitely setting in as the Frosty Moon waxed overhead.
"Okay, so you're good at finding the Snitch," Oliver said.
the Ravenclaw witch replied, and Harry jumped into the air – wings hammering as the spell hit the wall behind where he'd been – then dropped back to the ground, flying quickly in a circle to try and get around behind her.
"And we're going to have a lot of copies of whatever this is by the time I'm done..." After four more castings, giving him copies in Germanic Fraktur, French, Egyptian Heiroglyphs and a language Harry couldn't even identify, he decided to give it up for now and practice again later when there was somewhere to put the probably-inevitable large numbers of books.
"It all made sense when I got them," Percy replied.
"Unfortunately the legal process, long belated as it is for Mr. Black, will take at least a few days to resolve.
"But that would mean writing on a book, and that just seems wrong."
History of Magic never really changed, except for what the subject of that lesson was.
Empress didn't ask for a talk, that night, though Harry did notice that she went back to her place near Nora's room for an hour or so around midnight.
Then for the potions room, just fill them all with… with… what was that special really powerful sleeping potion?"
"It was while I was on holiday," Harry explained.
They cleared Harry's fire line in a second, and there was a whoosh-thud as two of the centaur stallions and one mare loosed arrows from their giant bows.
Haven't you seen that door to the kitchens where you have to tickle the right bit of fruit in a painting?"
"It's a heron, isn't it?"
"Sorry, Professor," she said.
he said, then rounded on the Headmaster.
"Might need to look into that, maybe I should try perfume… anyway, I'm a Metamorphmagus.
"Do you know what this means, Harry?"
Harry wondered for a moment if there was more help coming, then his paw dove into his pocket and he took his wand out.
Ginny repeated, sounding distinctly stunned.
"In truth, however, we have done some very good work today," Dumbledore went on.
"It won't hurt it, will it?"
"And about sports, too," Harry volunteered.
"It looks like it's all misspelled," Dean replied.
He lifted his book up to the luggage rack, crouched a bit, then leapt up there with a hiss of effort.
Harry did check the Marauder's Map late at night a few times, but only saw 'Empress' appear on the map one other time.
"Well, this is just a game for the heck of it… King's Rook's Pawn to H5.
"So in football you… have a set length for the match… and then you have penalties?"
Dumbledore repeated, still smiling faintly.
"I think I'm probably early, Sir," Harry replied.
"Don't you have a friend who's over six hundred years old?"
"I don't want to imagine you with hiccups, it'd look like you were a firework."
When the film started, it was definitely different from watching something in a living room.
After the flying lesson, however, Harry found himself at a bit of a loose end.
"And how would you make sure you didn't explode?"
"Thinking about what for months?"
"It's the biggest one, so it's safe, right?"
It was sort of obvious once you'd said it, but maybe it would be less obvious if you didn't do a lot of cooking?
"And nobody who ever created a Horcrux of their own then tried to find out how they could then destroy it and thus be killed – or, if ever they did discover the truth of the matter, they were most unhelpfully reluctant to write it down."
He liked going to magic school, and while it was nice to do other things as well it did seem like there were a lot of distractions.
"Any idea what we do with pets?"
Smiling at her confidence, Harry tied the letter to her leg before standing aside to let her swoop silently out of the window.
"I hope it's someone who looks at least as good," one of the Sixth-Year girls said.
