He was still wet from being inside her and he pulsed against her palm.
The moment she finished, her words turned to moans as he moved forward to run his tongue between her folds.
This isn't working," she said and shoved past him for the door.
Hermione's eyes went wide.
He was trying to process everything and Potter was being extremely quiet.
She pulled away and adjusted her clothes.
He reached out to caress her cheek and she nuzzled his palm.
"If you do, we might be able to just adjust it and put some modern touches on it."
He had cooked enough to feed the entire Weasley clan and told her that he wanted her start the morning off with something hearty if she was planning on being wasted all night.
"This isn't easy for me either," she said after a moment of silence.
The sleeves were rolled up and Hermione was able to fully appreciate the lean muscles of his arm.
The only dates she had ever been on were with Ron.
I heard all about the drink with the four of you and I'm so sorry that I wasn't there!
"For the longest time neither of us could sleep in our rooms.
"Well if it's anything to do with Muggles, then I'm sure I was invited.
Her lashes fluttered and she swayed in his arms.
They sprang apart to see Malfoy standing there, staring at them with disbelief and amusement.
"Not in potions," he boasted, the corners of his lips tugging into a smirk.
"I don't… please…" "Crucio!"
Her skirt had ridden up her thighs until it was basically non-existent.
The blindfold made every touch more intense.
She bit her lip as she heard him rustling around the room in preparation for whatever he planned next.
Had she been her younger self, she would have spent as much energy as she had researching why that was.
The potion warmed her from the inside as it spread throughout her body.
She sighed as he filled her, her walls clutching desperately at him.
That I only ever wanted him to be happy, even if that wasn't with me.
She whined in contempt as she turned to look over her shoulder when Draco withdrew from her completely.
"What happened to Weaselette?"
She just used her magic to change a few things each time so it wasn't as noticeable.
That being said, I'm currently writing chapter 20 right now so I'll have plenty of stuff to post.
"Just answer me this," he said, stepping even closer.
Neither did anything for her anymore individually, but together they took the edge off.
"Too obvious," Ginny piped up for her.
"Sorry about that, Mister Potter.
Draco know what lay beyond the wards and felt a thrill of excitement at the prospect of sharing his favorite place with Hermione.
Potter just continued to silently seethe at him while Hermione just remained still as a statue.
She sighed and waited for him to finish.
I thought people liked going to their friends' places?"
"Just seeing how open you are to a threesome of a different variety," he said, his fingers seeking her clit again.
One slid over the curve of her backside while the other cupped an ample breast, flicking the nipple between his fingers.
She leaned forward and clung to him, her nails digging into whatever piece of him she landed on.
Instead, he was determined to know every inch of her body; no matter how long it took.
"Your guy…" he started.
"That was the extra credit."
He had one hand on the wall with the nozzle, his head ducked forward.
The real thing was infinitely better than her imagination.
He had expected her to straddle him and she shoved him back down when he moved to reach for her.
She heard that his destination was not Grimmauld which she thought was wise.
"You're so wet, Granger," he purred against her skin.
-Ginny P. She sat at her table and used her wand to summon her ink, quill, and a blank parchment.
Soon Malfoy was there, taking her in his arms, the palm of his hand finding the small of her back.
He listened to Longbottom and Weasley's idle chatter as they took their time getting ready.
It was someone's office they barged into.
"Perks of being a business owner.
I don't want this to be just about sex."
"No, I just haven't really gone out for groceries in awhile."
The water hit the spot on his neck and dispersed from there.
"Am I allowed home tonight?"
"I would appreciate the same sort of respect."
Not wanting to lose herself so quickly, she pulled away from him and crooked her finger at Harry.
Just as he suspected, it wasn't long before she was asleep in his arms.
It's a way to keep you from getting over stimulated."
It was as if time stood still and then turned back to fourth year as he turned around.
His eyes darkened as he saw her and she saw the way his body tensed.
Hermione choked on her tea and James cried from his room upstairs.
The surprise gasp escaped his own lips as she took control.
She rolled her eyes and leaned back against the bed behind her.
She recalled the first time she had put a potion to her lips with the intention of feeling something different.
If you're not here when I return-" "Leaky.
"It was my hesitation that gave her her answer.
She listened to him go on about how things were at the Ministry lately all the while making breakfast out of various leftovers.
She had raided the cabinet in the bathroom after Harry took off and downed whatever she could get her hands on.
He led her forward and passed the wards, grabbing her had to pull her through as they clung to her to make sure she was a witch.
She stared up at him; a thousand thoughts swirling through her mind.
In the stasis was a hot cup of tea already flavored the way she liked it.
"Well, maybe not you since it's new and all.
It was easy to find Luna a dress.
"While going through the documents and making sure I had a good handle on everything, I found some letters.
he asked, smirking devilishly at her.
"He's all yours," she purred, smirking as Malfoy narrowed his eyes at her.
"Ginny must love you," he jested.
"Nearly one in the morning."
He took a moment to let the whirlwind that was Granger sink in before Apparating home.
Her throat had gone dry and the tears she had been fighting all day were claiming their victory.
It was Harry's envious stare that did it.
I'll let you know after I receive your owl."
He let his hand caress Hermione's cheek for a moment before looking back at Potter.
"There, now it won't be as awkward," she said.
She nearly growled as she pulled herself flush against him, kissing him fiercely.
Among those people, it was always an interesting mix.
A pop of Apparition sounded and they stepped away from one another.
She softened a bit at his apology and offered a nod of acceptance.
"You don't always have to the strong one for everyone else.
"It's dangerous to mix potions, Granger."
First, he had spotted Potter by himself.
With the man blocking his view, he could barely make out some sort of exchange and then before he knew it, they disappeared together around the corner.
She hadn't realized he had dipped his head to her ear.
"New case," he said, sinking back against the chair.
A sudden panic hit her like a freight train as she thought about where she had stored it.
He narrowed his eyes for a moment and then his lips quirked into a smirk.
