You're alive and you have two parents that are alive and love you.
She bit her lip to stop her laughter as it hit him on the head though he thanked her nonetheless.
"Always be careful with what they tell you, Teddy."
"But he is my dad," Elara said quickly, and the other girl nodded.
"It's polite to answer when someone asks you a question, Nymphie."
"Rodolphus, stop," she groaned, grasping his hand after a moment.
Dora asked, unable to take her eyes off of the last book, an image of a snake was emblazoned on the front, it's fangs buried deep into a feeble and limp looking Phoenix.
Andromeda frowned after him, annoyed with the boy, though she understood his frustrations.
Shaking her head slightly as she followed her mother back to the wardrobe, she allowed herself to become distracted and excited for the future events of the day.
None of us could handle her.
"No," Dora shook her head, rocking her son and rubbing his tiny back as she tried to calm him, "I can calm him myself."
"You listen as much as I do to your father!"
"I don't care," Teddy answered, though he gave a sigh of relief as she moved to help him.
Rodolphus asked, "What's wrong?
he said, the word sounding strange to him.
Elara nodded slightly, smiling at the girl as she grinned and searched through her trunk, trying not to think about her parents.
She clutched at her stomach with both hands, feeling the spell race through her with such strong intent that she was sure she would be sick.
"Since when did you make your bed in the dungeons, young Malfoy?"
Rodolphus spat, causing the woman to flinch slightly as she took a step back, though he grabbed her arm and near enough threw her against the wall without relinquishing his grip upon her, "He has next to no immune system, amongst other things."
"Yes, yes," the Dark Lord mused, waving him away.
Delphi gritted her teeth in anger, her chest heaving as she clenched her fists and tore her arm away from her mother, though she didn't say anything further as she watched her father.
Andromeda was just getting ready for bed when the door of her room opened and she grabbed her wand, whirling to face the intruder.
"—frustrating," Rodolphus huffed.
Nymphadora wasn't surprised to see that the wand shop was under new management, as Ollivander himself was in no condition to run the place.
"He summoned me because I requested to become a Death Eater."
Rodolphus watched intently, Rabastan soon losing interest and instead wandering his gaze around the room in his boredom, Nymphadora forced herself to breathe slowly as the strange sensation of Greer's magic inspecting her womb.
"You'll find out," the man smirked, steering her down another hall.
"I have no interest in ginger blood traitors, Bellatrix."
Though as it was she knew what she had to do.
She turned onto her side, going to curse her Aunt again when her wand went flying out of her hand.
Being a victim like your mother?"
Voldemort didn't skip a beat as he pointed his wand to Andromeda, twisting his wand as the woman screamed in agony, the audible crack of bones sounding above her pain.
"You do not tell me what I can and can't do with my son," Rodolphus hissed, "do you understand, Nymphie?
Both witches knew it was far better for Dora to be none the wiser considering Andromeda's further training.
"Oh dear," Bellatrix pouted.
Perhaps it was simply as the years went on she was unable to be happy as often as he could remember, or perhaps it was simply now more obvious to him that any happiness was always slightly tinged with her sadness.
"Nymphie," he said softly, "remember that the safety of your brat depends on the safety of this child.
Elara mused, "He wasn't too happy that I got hold of it but he finds it hard to say no to me .
Elara sighed, her smile fading slightly as she looked down at the floor.
"I want my family to be proud of me, to be happy again.
For all of her stealth training and years of practise, Nymphadora Lupin found it undeniably difficult to manoeuvre around Malfoy Manor unseen with her stomach so large.
Dora sighed, rolling her eyes as she saw his wand tucked into the upper compartment of his case, "You need this."
Teddy nodded, "She said I had to learn, I can't be weak and get defeated.
Rodolphus bit back a sound of frustration and nearly pushed her away as they hurried after the lead Death Eater.
"Elara," Andromeda spoke firmly, getting to her feet and pulling her granddaughter to her feet and around Nymphadora, "do as your mother says, go now.
he said instead, immediately sure that it was no better than his previous thoughts.
"You're mean," the little girl said, her lower lip quivering.
Nothing his mother, grandmother, and cousin had told him could have prepared him for the terrors of a Death Eater-run school.
"Said we couldn't let a newborn sleep on the dungeon floor."
"You are like your mother," Andromeda sighed, though she walked over to the girl and without hesitating lifted her to lay her back on the bed, barely flinching as the girl screamed at the movement of her ankle, "she would always pretend she wasn't hurting as a girl.
You shall pay for your sins.
She yelled out in pain, striking her head against the wall as she clawed her chest in agony.
Delphi raised an eyebrow at this, silent for a few moments before she said, "If you make him angry, he may take it out on your mother."
"Yes," Andromeda sighed, deciding to go with her daughter's decision despite the possible consequences.
Dora didn't say a word, though she felt angry, and worried as she thought of whom she might put in danger.
"Narcissa," Andromeda spoke firmly, it was obvious she knew her sister was hiding something from her from her usual tone of accusation "where are you going?"
Rodolphus murmured, sighing in frustration as Bellatrix laid back onto the bed on top of his books.
The woman taunted as she walked closer to the younger witch.
"Do not ever dare insinuate such a thing!
"You stupid—Nymphadora, wake up!"
"I'm so worried," she whispered.
Though she decided to ignore it all, especially when she heard a quick yelp of pain and was sure Delphi had thrown a stinging hex—or worse.
"Hello, dear," she said to Delphi.
It seems, perhaps, that the children were equally at fault here."
She sighed as Andromeda looked to her, though she merely stared at Elara in the man's arms "I've been awake a little while now .
Nymphadora shrieked in pain as he moved her, her hair pure white as her chest heaved, the girl trying to remember to breathe properly.
I was just getting used to her again as a Death Eater."
"Oh no," Dora whispered, and felt Rodolphus lean his head against her shoulder.
"She was hurt..." "She's hurting, but she'll be fine," Rodolphus answered, hiding his annoyance at her concern.
"I'm being Summoned, but I'll be back, Nymphie."
Nymphadora couldn't help but smirk at the thought of Rodolphus in pain again as she slowly drifted off into a peaceful sleep.
Elara replied, running to the door, easily jumping up and pulling the handle down.
Andromeda was silent, looking down at her plate.
"I love you," he murmured, and left her all alone.
Knocking on the door, Rodolphus was soon admitted by Rabastan.
She merely stirred on the floor for a moment, clutching her stomach as she screwed up her features in pain, her hair now a white to match her own.
"I'm getting you out of here," he said quietly.
Elara asked, looking to her Mother this time as she leant into her side.
It's not your fault and nothing you do or say will change anything so just forget about it."
Andromeda said she had, and they all went into the shop together to gather the potions ingredients that the two students would need for the school year.
It's seven in the morning, Bellatrix."
"You have a healer coming over."
She did not want to think about what Nymphadora would say when she inevitably heard of this.
I think MadEye would be proud."
Both children were sound asleep in the middle of the bed, Narcissa looking up to her sister from the other side.
"Thirdly," Bellatrix purred "you may be weak Nymphadora, but I have pushed you much further before.
She won't listen to my threats."
"This is my room as well," Bellatrix said, "don't you have a whores bed to crawl into?"
she pronounced in her demented sing song tone "We're going to have lots of fun, if you behave—or if you don't behave.
"What are you doing here still?
Rodolphus asked, both confused and intrigued by his wife at this moment.
Delphi looked up to her mother with a smile, grabbing hold of her hand.
"And Roddy, glad you could be here," the red-haired woman said thoughtfully.
He watched her shriek and cry, the witch's hair just as white as Elara's had been moments before.
He yelled in pain, this time stumbling back into the wall as he pursed his lips tightly to muffle the sound of his yell of pain.
It's not like that, though.
Nymphadora looked between her children, then turned to Rodolphus.
To his surprise she snaked a hand up onto his shoulder, glaring furiously at each of the other men in turn before she finally released her curse.
"I hate him," Teddy grumbled.
"Well, it will be dark soon, princess."
