The four of them waited until the aisles were clear enough, and then approached the faculty table.
You're not causing these nightmares are you?
It's ok Gin', we were about done.
"It's okay Harry, I'm here for you no matter what happens.
"I don't want firecrackers setting off all over the brand new floor alright?"
The room reminded Harry of his amazement the first time he had stepped into the Great Hall at Hogwarts.
"You don't have to say anything Ron.
It was all Harry could do to wrap his arms around her and hold her there.
Harry chuckled as he sat up and stretched.
Kingsley nodded, a hopeful look in his eyes.
People had to die for it to happen.
His orders from Healer Smethwyck were thoroughly enforced by Mrs. Weasley and Ginny, and after a few days of being reminded what he could and couldn't do he was going a little bit crazy.
"Hello to you too William.
I've barely used any of them in ages but I'm not having any troubles.
"Mrs. Gertrude Barnswallow of Tinworth congratulating me on my role in defeating You-Know-Who, and inviting me to dinner some night so she can hear what happened first-hand."
Ginny nodded and was about to say something when a voice startled them.
Harry chuckled and shook his head.
"Blimey Harry, it was just the most amazing thing I'd ever seen.
"They were down with the first of the carriages, looking especially anxious."
At the end of it all, the room was silent as Ron and Hermione stared across the table at their two friends, Hermione's mouth slightly open.
He smiled as he remembered his first day off to Hogwarts and all the excitement he had felt even though it had been somewhat spoiled by the Dursley's.
Harry stuck his tongue out.
Yes, it's already been an amazing day.
"Ronald Weasley, sometimes you…" she trailed off with a look of mirth on her face, shaking her head.
They both looked at each other and nodded in agreement.
"I think it recognizes you Harry," Ginny said quietly.
The realization that she was the one who kept him glued together both emotionally and now physically made his heart swell.
He kissed her forehead gently before continuing.
Ron had made a comment then about looking for a needle in a haystack but Hermione shook her head.
"I mean, I'm sure the Death Eaters got into it after we had to leave it."
"I'm sorry Sugar Quill, I'll try not to let it happen again."
Be prepared for lots of questions though," she said with a little chuckle.
With a time limit of twenty minutes set, Hermione blew a whistle and released all the practice balls, minus the Snitch.
She had wanted to sleep in but her mind was just too full of thoughts.
The past year's events have also taken its toll on the members and because of that, the group has fallen short of the legally required number needed."
Whatever it is Harry, it'll be okay.
It was short and sweet, and they were both smiling at the end of it.
Isla nodded and squinted her eyes shut.
He must have been thinking on it hard because he heard Ginny in his mind quickly.
"I was thinking the same thing," he said.
Just don't say you told me so.
George, Angelina and Harry had used the Floo Network to get back to the Burrow within minutes of Ginny getting the word out through Kreacher.
Harry wasn't the sort to share his feelings readily, and while that was something she was working on with him, in this moment he deserved to be alone in his thoughts.
As you know, your parents left you your vault, in the event of their demise.
"I… it feels a bit wrong, Andie, talking about your family's seat when it should be yours."
She thought for a few moments.
A very dim lantern was now on the hallway ceiling just above the doorway where there wasn't one before, and he smiled gratefully.
Yes, it probably wasn't the best idea to keep you in the dark about it, but they probably didn't want to cause you any more worry."
Harry just grinned and leaned down to kiss the top of her head and mess up Teddy's hair, which caused the little one to giggle a bit.
He must have seen some sort of worry on Harry's face because he started for the cart with a smile.
she pleaded, wanting to reach down and touch him but remembering what had happened the last time.
"I don't even want to hear about it…" "Oi!
Looking over at Ginny, he saw a look of shock on her face that had to have matched his own.
He knew that she would be taking a break soon, and he had an idea.
Pulling her hair into a ponytail, she checked herself in the mirror before taking his hand and pushing aside the already opened door to go downstairs.
"I know I said it at least a dozen times already, but I am really sorry for what I said.
"You never have to thank me for this love, I'm always here for you.
High up on top of a tall cabinet in the back of the classroom, a tabby cat with peculiar eye markings was laying behind a large box and smiling wide.
Remember, the more friendships we make and the more we understand each other, the better things will turn out in the end.
Harry looked at the brush for a moment before shrugging and scooting backwards a bit so he had some room.
He was laying on the grass and Ginny had pulled his head onto her lap, idly playing with his hair while they chatted.
Guess I'm going to have to find myself a new love now, since you're smitten."
True, they had spent a lot of time with Hermione's family but they also had had plenty of private moments.
Harry smiled warmly at Isla as she came in at the last minute looking a bit lost but happy to see him and Ron.
Teddy gurgled again and grinned widely, changing his hair from jet black to a Weasley red.
Harry, the de facto group leader, agreed with Mr. Quickthistle.
I'm glad that Angelina is here helping him today, it looks like it's absolute madness in there."
Ginny had just rolled on top of Harry and was attempting to run her hands under his shirt when she stopped suddenly and scowled.
In a flash, Arthur was there as well, kneeling on the other side of Harry from his daughter.
"Pretty sure I am, last thing I remember was lying with you in bed.
Ron likewise gave a quick kiss to Hermione before all of the girls descended around Angelina.
Harry kept his interest on the large number seven denoting the date that was changing colors on the clock in the room.
One particular bracelet with a charm hanging off of it caught his eye.
He felt incredibly lucky to have her and he knew that someday he would be asking her to become Mrs. Potter.
"Sickle for your thoughts, Harry?"
He pulled her into him so her back was against his chest and wrapped his arms around her, rocking them back and forth gently.
You should have been there when I started Hogwarts, come seen me play Quidditch and helped me with the task Dumbledore left me."
"Um, Harry what's going on?"
He could confide anything in her and trust her completely, something that he found hard to do with his family or even his best mate.
Don't worry love, I think everyone else was paying attention up front.
Thinking over his options, he started in on the sandwich he had taken off the platter in front of them.
Harry was sitting to her left on the long bench, a happy but tired look on his face.
I think that's checkmate."
She looked up at Percy and gave him her own scowl.
I wonder what else we can get Kingsley to do for us," he said, only half joking.
Molly found herself holding Teddy as Andromeda left him in her arms, crossing the room quickly to engulf Harry in a crushing hug.
He couldn't remember ever hearing so much from his friend at once.
Nothing really, I'm just trying to figure out how I'm not as rusty as I thought I would be with these spells.
The Healers over in the Netherlands found it when we finally convinced him to see why he was feeling crummy but it was too late to do anything, even with magic."
"Still, it's a big honor.
Seeing it as an opportunity to get away for a bit to pick out his gift for Ginny's birthday, he had volunteered to get the items, knowing that Ginny would be helping her mother nearly all day.
Watching his eyes, she leaned in and rested her head on his shoulder.
The goblin regarded him for a moment.
You haven't been back there since Christmas right?"
Downstairs, Ginny and Harry had nearly finished with their breakfast and were discussing what they wanted to do with the day.
"Thank you Ron," she said with a big smile on her face.
Arthur gasped and pressed two fingers to Harry's neck, checking for a pulse.
She nodded slowly before adjusting herself to lean against the back of the couch, laying her head on his shoulder.
"You gave your lives for me and I know that you're watching me from wherever you are, but I..
"If this was still here this whole time," He didn't finish his sentence as he left the room quickly and thundered down the stairs.
