Who the fuck knew Baby Weasel was hiding some brains behind that garish red head of hers?
"I didn't mean to hit you so hard!"
Her hands went up his dark grey cardigan and met on his collar.
"Well, you did fight and break up a lot…" "Yes, I suppose we did."
He looked at her in surprise when she turned to him with an expectant look on her face.
"Ah, apologies," he said, not sounding apologetic at all.
He watched as she rolled her eyes and stretched a bit to kiss his cheek.
The Weaslette was checking him out, and unabashedly at that.
It was a pretty straightforward subject: you follow a recipe and get an expected result, and if you don't, you screw up.
"He was ordered to take care of me when I came along and was a nanny of sorts when I was younger.
It was hard to remember sometimes that they weren't actually together.
He raised an eyebrow at Weasley.
Ginny realised her mistake as soon as she made it.
Only that wasn't right because there weren't this many house-elves in the Great Hall.
Her hair was in a ponytail and she had to stop from time to time to blow the flyaway hairs from her face.
A quick check on his watch told him he was fifteen minutes late.
"Not at all work from someone who is failing Potions."
The She-Weasel was making her way out of the Great Hall.
He wasn't in the mood to go find some other girl to warm his bed, and he needed the distraction right now.
He was really glad the session was finally over, because Sweet Salazar, she was a Weasley and he couldn't stop conjuring the image of her without her clothes.
He rolled his eyes at the scene and went to mingle.
He didn't really know what to say to that.
It was actually pretty nice.
He exhaled forcibly through his nose.
He followed several paces behind the redhead and in no time at all they were in Dungeon Five.
It looked like he was right back to stake one, what with his body behaving like that of a thirteen year old's.
"Cardigan," Draco said, just to distract himself from the fact that she was back in her earlier position.
Weasley opened the book he'd recommended she get.. "This book is really well-written."
There was absolute silence as her brother and Harry gaped at her before demanding to know how Malfoy could possibly not be "that bad".
Maybe it really wasn't meant to be.
Draco stretched his time in the shower for as long as he could before he had to get out and start shaving.
Her warm little hands now reached for his jaw gently to angle it upwards so she could see the damage.
"Do you have to call me that?"
She sniffed and something tugged on his chest at the sight of her.
Two glasses later and he saw Lizzie Chambers, a Chaser for the Ravenclaw team, and someone who had graced his sheets once.
"And is there a reason for you to ditch me on our date night?"
He, unfortunately, hadn't hooked up with anybody, but it had been mostly out of respect to Pansy, and he was actually feeling pretty good about it.
Draco nodded his goodbye to Blaise and made his way to the dark-haired girl.
It was dinner Friday night and Pansy had yet to speak to him.
"Who said I wasn't feeling well?"
She bit her quill in that disgusting, unhygienic habit of hers and—Merlin's saggy left balls—he was hard as a fucking rock.
Pansy breaking up with him had taken away the easy sex from his night, but maybe he could woo some other girl when he got there.
It was clear by the way she was walking that she'd had way too much to drink.
Draco smoothed it out and started reading.
"I can't keep doing this to myself," she whispered against his lips, almost as if to herself, and Draco finally had enough.
By the time he got to Dungeon Five, he was already regretting putting on the cardigan.
He was about to go back to his dinner when movement from the Gryffindor table caught his attention.
She nodded slightly and rubbed her arms as if she was cold.
They were instantly bombarded with the loud bass of some Weird Sisters song when they crossed the magical sound barrier.
In short, it was utterly ridiculous.
He asked casually while putting his things away.
"I lost track of time and accidentally got stuck on the stairs on my way down."
He entered the office fully expecting to have an angry redhead waiting for him, but was met with silence.
He dried himself as best as he could with his wand as he made his way down to the dungeons.
The thought gave him brief pause at the familiarity at which it came to him, but he ended up shrugging it off.
It was after he'd already been under the deliciously hot spray for some time that he remembered why.
He didn't bother to contain his smirk when he saw the blush from earlier returning.
The cream, three-quarter sleeved sweater she was wearing contoured her figure perfectly and left the arch of her neck and the defined lines of her collarbones fully exposed.
Draco put his cup back on its saucer.
And Pansy had never looked as heartbroken as she had just a few minutes before.
"Why would Dumbledore punish you with that—that Ferret!"
"Your—" She huffed in disbelief.
Last night had been fun—breakup aside.
I can get it cleaned up."
"This time it will," she replied with more force behind her words.
That was yesterday, though, because "feeling good" was about as far from what he was feeling right now as it could get.
"Have you had any breakfast?"
Instead, he tipped his cup in her direction in a kind of a salute.
I have my lesson in ten minutes."
She thought of all the things she had to get done before her lesson today and hurried her pace.
He saw her reaching for the pillow that he had used to prop her hips on minutes before and just barely managed to dodge as it was aimed straight at his head.
Just no shagging this time around."
What he needed in that moment was a very hot shower.
Draco found it extremely distracting.
He looked up just in time to see her wrinkle her little nose.
He challenged with a raised eyebrow and dry tone of voice.
""Anyway, I don't think we'll make up this time."
I wasn't actually aware that I was heading towards the kitchens."
She looked at him from the corners of her eyes.
That didn't work too well because it was as if his thoughts were a She-Weasel magnet and suddenly she was in every corner he turned.
"But if we're going to the same place, it makes sense to walk together, right?"
He looked at Weasley over the rim of his cup.
He raised his eyebrows at the elf.
And, besides, I'll make it up to you."
"Dobby is your family's house-elf… How come he's here in the kitchens?"
He hadn't even questioned where they were going, just followed her blindly, and that was a slightly disturbing thought to have.
They appeared to be some kind of white Muggle tennis shoes.
"Dobby will make breakfast for Master Malfoy and his Miss Weezy right away, sir!"
He followed her silent command and frowned at her.
With great effort, Draco managed to push himself out of bed and towards the direction of his bathroom.
She had apparently gotten out of bed on the wrong foot, because today just wasn't her day.
It felt like she was being interrogated or somehow accused of betrayal just for saying the git wasn't "that bad".
He needed to get laid, urgently.
"Our anniversary is on the second, Pans."
Draco couldn't appreciate her more.
And for the next hour, the only sounds were from their quills on the parchment and her occasional nibbling.
He released a frustrated breath when he realised that he actually wanted to talk about this.
But not nearly as much as she seemed to think.
"Would the Big Twit be angry?"
"You can't solve everything with your fists, you bloody trollop—" And then he had her tiny fist on his mouth.
