Sounds suspiciously like another case I recall reading from 1967.
We heard and witnessed the violence commited against us and others when we did 'just shut up' and we reject it as barbarism not fit for the free society we're supposed to be living in.
Everyone is different and has the free right to be.
You don't have to like my views or my person, but don't try to limit my rights based on your beliefs alone.
Art teachers who refused to rip down the posters on display in their classrooms were not given contracts to return to the school in this current school year.
How the hell are we supposed to fit your lofty standards when you won't let us?
I had experience where someone decided to stick their foot in my door, thinking I was nice enough not to keep on closing the door.
You have the right to anything.
urlLink SANTORUM : We have laws in states, like the one at the Supreme Court right now, that has sodomy laws and they were there for a purpose.
Then they will answer and say, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or naked or ill or in prison, and not minister to your needs?'
In Cambridge, gay and lesbian couples queued for marriage licences outside the city hall - which opened as the law came into force.
I read  urlLink quite a few great articles that I found via Google .
Mr. Trapani, you did not do the wrong thing at all.
When questioned about her silence, she simply handed individuals a small card that read: "Please understand my reasons for not speaking today.
So I would make the argument that with President, or Senator or Congressman or whoever Santorum, I would put it back to where it is, the democratic process.
SANTORUM: The right to privacy lifestyle.
urlLink SANTORUM : I have no problem with homosexuality.
SANTORUM: Putting more money in their pocketbook is one.
&nbsp; &nbsp; Earth Blessings, urlLink KaliTime Camaralzman &nbsp; &nbsp; Bonjour Everyone, At least something good is going on lately, eh?
Robert Bovenschulte, president of the American Chemical Society, is challenging the rule interpretation by violating it to edit into English several scientific papers from Iran.
Well, not if you're taking my money and giving it to them.
"To deny students sending out the message was the wrong thing to do," he said.
Newly-wed Tanya McCloskey said: "It was really important to us to just be married... Part of it is, we don't know what the Legislature is going to do."
Meals on Wheels needs a lot of good volunteers for instance, and I'm sure they would gladly accept someone willing to help out the community.
It's aimed primarily at those of us who watch  urlLink Star Trek Enterprise  and think  urlLink Phlox and the  urlLink Denobulans are totally cool.
So it's not the person, it's the person's actions.
As for Courtney, DSS officials said don't mind all the tears.
More than 33 schools were asked to participate in the program, which began last September.
Rio Rancho High School gave the Slam Team access to the school's closed-circuit television once a week and the poets thrived.
Ohley, a junior, wore the six colors synonymous with the gay pride flag.
Video footage has aired in Maryland and New York and more than a half dozen people in the Baltimore area called in with information.
With the Ayatollah Khomeini controlling Iran, the U. S. feared a radical Islamic takeover of the region, so it began cozying up to Saddam -- you know, the enemy of my enemy is my friend.
Postscript: According to a Washington Post story, when United Nations weapons inspectors were allowed into Iraq after the 1991 Gulf War, they compiled long lists of chemicals, missile components and computers from American companies that were being used for military purposes.
One thing I like about  urlLink Deadjournal is the fact that I can remotely upload my journals and that it detects what song I'm playing on my  urlLink Winamp .
He's being honest and fair based on the information I know from other sources and isn't 'hyping it up' with jingosim.
He said some students told their parents that they were required to participate in the day of silence, which wasn’t the case at all.
The teachers union has been joined in a legal action against the school by the National Writers Union, headquartered in New York City.
Thousands of same-sex couples were married in San Francisco earlier this year, but the marriages were not recognized by the state of California.
What I do not do is cheer their deaths or belittle them because I know and recognize that they're human beings, just like me, and deserve the same respect I would ask for myself.
YOU'RE A BULLSHIT MONKEY HEHEHEHE BYE DIE NOW!
&nbsp; If it hadn't been for  urlLink a rather inspirational story  I read a few hours ago, and a  urlLink Charley Reese  article, I might just have dived in bed and not gotten out today.
::::::::::goes to wash my head out with bleach and turpentine::::::::: &nbsp; &nbsp; Earth Blessings, urlLink KaliTime Camaralzman After reading a few news articles with much the same kick, I guess it isn't ok to 'just be silent' urlLink Silent protest prompts vocal criticism CYNTHIA M. ELLIS, The Telegraph April 11, 2003 ALTON -- Julie Ohley raised her voice as loud as she could Wednesday without ever saying a word.
Trapani said there was miscommunication about the event.
At first, I did everything I could to defend my beliefs against people who would try to lay claim to my soul or body to their own belief but I gave up trying after I turned 16 when it came to me that in the end, it was only my belief that mattered to me.
Then, just before Christmas 1983, Reagan sent Donald Rumsfeld -- yes, the current secretary of defense -- to Baghdad to discuss resuming official diplomatic relations with Saddam, relations that had been severed during the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
What goes on between consenting adults IS none of your business!
She sported socks that looked more like gloves, with multiple-colored necklaces and bracelets a quarter of the way up her arms.
This couldn't be the furthest thing from the truth.
You'll always be convinced that you're right for you, though you're willing to acknowledge that their path may be the right one for them.
He is teaching me French, well trying anyway, and had me in stitches from 2:00am until 4:30am EST.
Quite frankly, if its true, I'm pissed.
The above comments do not apply to the few good wrestlers in the mega-corporation wrestling organization....ok, maybe they do for some but I at least respect your wrestling skill when I'm not objectif....err I mean noticing the amount of hard work you put into keeping yourselves fit...yeah, thats it!
AP: If you're saying that liberalism is taking power away from the families, how is conservatism giving more power to the families?
Critical thinking, questioning of public policies and freedom of speech are not to be allowed to anyone who does not share the thinking of the school principal.
Not sure how to react but....no there is no right reaction for those dreams.
I'm gonna call him again tonight to continue my lessons or laugh my lungs out, which ever comes first.
They don't want to judge.
In News Other Than Above: I've finally got a  urlLink Deadjournal .
Every society in the history of man has upheld the institution of marriage as a bond between a man and a woman.
No matter how much you reason, scream, shout, discuss, or just plain sigh, the people who are arguing against you will always be convinced that you're wrong because they 'know' they're right.
I'm probably going to put all the lurid tidbits about myself on this particular journal LOL.
It all comes from, I would argue, this right to privacy that doesn't exist in my opinion in the United States Constitution, this right that was created, it was created in Griswold -- Griswold was the contraceptive case -- and abortion.
The teens, mostly shy youngsters, were taught to read their poetry aloud and before audiences.
I would argue yes, it does.
This is my birthday and for myself I finally got this friggin blog to work the way I want it to.
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Posted on Sun, Apr.
I've been reading again, specifically about  urlLink GBLT in  urlLink Muslim  society.
Alton High School Principal Phil Trapani said the school received dozens of telephone calls from parents and others in the community who were upset about the protest.
Gods that man is professional!
Sophomore Jade Knight, 16, a member of PRISM, said everyone has their differences and people need to respect them.
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; YOU FUCKIN' SHIT GO TO HELL DON'T WANNA HEAR FROM YOU ANYMORE!
&nbsp; urlLink Search For Abandoned Girl's Family Goes Nationwide POSTED: 8:09 am EDT May 19, 2004 UPDATED: 6:03 pm EDT May 19, 2004 BALTIMORE -- People in Maryland and in New York have seen the pictures of a little Brooklyn girl who was abandoned in Baltimore nearly 10 days ago.
Which, again, according to the world view sense is a a perfectly fine relationship as long as it's consensual between people.
Words that couldn't be heard clearly on the tape are marked (unintelligible).
"It is my hope and my request that you will take immediate action to put an end to Chaplain Llano's tactics and remind him of his obligation," the e-mail stated.
It said that denying marriage licences to same-sex couples violated anti-discrimination laws.
I've just got one thing to say to this... &nbsp; &nbsp; Taken from:  urlLink  Matthew 25: 31-46 Then he will say to those on his left, ‘Depart from me, you accursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the Devil and his angels.
I have a faith not only in  urlLink that which is sacred  but in  urlLink humanity as a whole .
What part in this story were these kids chasing other people down and forcing them to listen to their story?
Previous Stories: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * May 17, 2004:  urlLink Toddler Abandoned; Officials Search For Parents Copyright 2004 by  urlLink TheWBALChannel.
All were women, most seemingly strong-minded.
The actual baptism took an hour as Llano read from the Bible.
Wester said, "As I've read the article and discussed with other chaplains, the implication of the story is this was a kind of situation of coercion or bribery."
Has it ever occurred to you that we're not you?
Congrats to all the happy couples!
He could not answer how long Llano has served as a chaplain or provide other details about his background.&nbsp; In other news, I just got done watching the  urlLink PBS program  urlLink Peter and Paul and the Christian Revolution .
This was before a lot of his beliefs and values ran completely counter to everything that I am.
To me, my belief is profound and deeply touching, often prodding me to reflect on life in general as well as my own personal growth in a way I've never experienced before.
This entry isn't going to be very long today due to my exaustion from talking on the phone with a very good friend of mine.
Read said students printed up badges that read: "United Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve."
&nbsp; Earth Blessings, urlLink KaliTime Camaralzman Bonjour Everyone, Please check this story out.
It is incredibly disheartening to see the country and planet I love being torn apart by such fear and savagery that the hatred and cold indifference of dehumanization causes.
&nbsp; He sent about twenty other people and myself this nice series of notes in the e-mail.
You won't let  urlLink GBLT and Polys get married by law like a lot of us want to yet you want to hold everyone to your standards.
Some US cities have controversially allowed gay marriages The Supreme Court ruling upheld a decision by the state's highest court.
We're not talking about priests with 3-year-olds, or 5-year-olds.
But I don't agree with the Supreme Court coming in.
Everyone, all I can say is look at yourselves.
If everything truly is fair, why is the definition there except to keep you and yours happy at the expense of others.
If we get banned then so do you.
