Please Lord Smegmo, deliver on us a tide of snow, ice and other nastiness that will make the powers that be send me home from work early.
The cover features the words 'a novel' and two it's a co-written book.
to "#12 What's Pam Anderson doing with that dirt-pig?"
So I will walk without care, beat my snare Look like a man who means business Go to all the poshest places with the familiar faces Terminate all signs of weakness  Chorus: Oh, all for the sake, all for the sake Of a foolish love  I will take my coffee black, never snack Hang with the wolves who are sheepish Flow through the veins of town, always frown Me and my mistress the princess  Chorus  So the day Noah's Ark floats down Park My eyes will be simply glazed over Or better yet I'll wear shades on sunless days And when the sun's out, I'll stay in and slumber  Chorus  cause I don't want to hold you and feel so helpless I don't want to smell you and lose my senses And smile in slow motion with eyes in love I had a weird dream last night.
Maybe I'll take in some culture this year.
If you haven't bought it buy it.
MARK CHRISTOPHER SHOW TONIGHT!!
But it's the closest we'll get in suburbia in this day and age....and that's alright with me.
The city of Chicago always seems to give me a little creative kick in the pants, too.
How was I to know there would be a five dollar cover?
Theirs is a cynacism that has been earned.
are becoming more and more common.
And while I don't always seem 'all there,' the gears are turning.
One of the best listens I've had this year.
It found this out on the way back to my car, which was parked in front of said ATM.
I was even debating about putting it to paper it was so damn weird.
You can appear smarter without actually BEing smarter.
Still, it could be worse...
Today would have been a good day to sleep late, go to the library/book store and maybe take in a movie.
Only had six miles on it.
But I will buy a real copy if and when it comes out.
And they got a decent writer too!
This is when the brain gets bored, takes over, and suddenly all my co-workers have an imaginary back-story, penned by me.
Just saw the title of E's last post.
You're then assigned a section.
I also learned that Black Widow venom is an untraceable poison.
I had plenty of money in my account.
Like one of those "Tourette's" specials, only more swearing and twitching.
Then I realized that the sun would be up in a matter of minutes, went inside and passed out.
When somebody is replaced with a 'digital double' you know.
Prior to that year, the new year was celebrated for eight days, beginning on March 25.
Updates on office life to follow...
Make your vote   urlLink  count   .
Just when you think you've hit bottom....  Current mood: After the fact.... Current music: EyeSpy: Semantix Boy, did my mom get pissed when I asked if she thought there would be a sequel to  "The Passion."
DONE, DONE ON TO THE NEXT ONE!
Think of it... vast fleets of starships powered by tabbies with buttered slices of Wonder Bread strapped to their backs.
Now what do I do with it?
So the MTV Video Music Awards were last night...
Everything happened in one night.
to his corduroy blazer (complete with band buttons) and his Yo La Tengo t-shirt, this guy was born to be on my shit list.
The website is gone but his antics will live forever in the hearts and minds of teenage girls everywhere.
The Dandy Warhols- Boys Better 11.
Little bit of a drag... and it only adds to my hatred of public places.
We stayed open today, even though we had no stock and our store was (is) a big hole in the wall.
No street lights, no nothing.
I politely replied 'yes' and wondered why looking like a grade 'B' pseudo-celebrity was cause for celebration.
Now I know that this may seem like a dusty book on film criticism... but it ain't.
Old Man Strikes Back  Amazon.
Still, I could not help but imagine what I would do if I had shows of the same name...  "The E. A. Henson Experiment" This one should be good because the experiment in question centers around something I read in a comic book.
Today I re-defined the term "lazy Sunday."
... and watch it with your mom.
And I once knew Courtney Love and Fred Durst.
Can't wait to get on out of here, I'm going to see Starsailor tonight.
Because, I have a personal trainer.
Haven't had one of those in the better part of a decade.
so the taste fest is today through monday or tuesday.
It is rumored that Henson's people (?)
I've yet to set a date for the impending doom but, I assure you, it's coming.
Which is about where I came in.
"It's like Cinderella...but with a cell phone."
Sign up for their mailing list.
The next step after this is finding a REAL job.
The basic premise of the above mentioned party is: Buy a keg of cheap beer and a pack of red plastic Solo cups, charge 5 bucks a head and invite everyone and their friends.
I tossed and turned for awhile and eventually I fell asleep...  ...Only to be awakened by my asshole neighbor mowing his lawn three hours later.
There are few things like an office on Saturday morning.
So the highest praise I can offer is this: If the book were a person, I wouldn't mind having a beer with it.
(ahem)  A quote that I did stumble across today...  "Being in love...It's a little like believing in God.
The Locker Room is a hive of scum and villainy, the likes of which I haven't seen since the Mos Eisley cantina in  Star Wars .
I can't speak for myself today Cause the love that I know Is only good for one roll in the hay Love was never in the limelight Love couldn't last through the night Cause the that I've known Is always casting out the first stone  And if I ever live it down I might be surprised I wish you just knew it I wish you just knew it I wish you just knew your Uno   urlLink Clicky Oh, God...when did the driving force in my life become finding a decent parking spot?
"Well, everyone IS talking about it."
Yes, I did get my mini American flag.
Regardless, Bob will go on many zany adventures upending cars, breathing heavy and teaching us all to love again.
Phase one consisted of me going to the art show and watching the band do their thing.
The free exchange of ideas!
Sweating, coughing and producing various pieces of modern art with my nose on the medium of tissue paper.
Now, it's a well known fact that when you're entering Ohio the sign reads: "Ohio... You've sinned in a previous life!"
I have lost a lot of faith recently.
Love relationships between characters seem strange and cold, people are introduced in one scene as being important and are never seen again in the movie.
In the Matrix more vague statements are made and slo-mo fight scenes are had.
So, after I get done with work I get to go get my books and then it's back to the cut...to see the relatives....
Booze and boredom DO mix.
But there was no body ... Or maybe I'm just in denile Even though this is book 5 of 7 it really feels like a mid-point to the series.
I've got nothing against a sunny spring day, that's why John Rayban invented sunglasses.
That's right, I've got may bag packed and I'm heading to the Windy City for the next four days.
Plus I get to see Jess in a dress.
I suppose that's a good thing.
Secretly starting to fantasize about their reflections coming out of the mirror and having their way with...themselves.
At any rate, I have a day off.
I think I feel emasculated.
Have you ever been in love And was it a good one?
We can picket and protest as much as we want, but no one is listening anymore.
Unlike most of the other nonfoolish holidays, the history of April Fool's Day, sometimes called All Fool's Day, is not totally clear.
Putting the English degree to use here): Buff like "......"  Ahhh.
I have it now and it's great.
With the reform of the calendar under Charles IX, the Gregorian Calendar was introduced, and New Year's Day was moved to January 1.
com  for those)  In an interesting (well, to me anyways) twist of fate you can also buy  urlLink Self merchandise  there.
The review is typically long-winded and his complaints are backed up by lame praise in an attempt to cancel them out.
So why bother to put them down in writing now?
It's a little known fact that if all the slow-motion in the Matrix was shown at regular speed the movie is cut down from a robust 138 min.
Given my new found freedom the night hardly seemed long enough, but in hindsight it seemed to go on forever.
