If you don't want to know what happens, don't keep reading, and if you do want to know, then keep reading.
I mean, it's really easy to kill somebody, the hard part is not killing them.
Drop some comments about whatever you want and don't be too disappointed that I already went back on my word.
It would be fun for everybody.
I thought of patenting an item that could change the properties of one's urine.
I just can't wait until the footage of that shows up on the internet.
It's pronounced Duh-gun, not Doo-gun (not to be confused with an invention I'm working on).
While it has probably traveled over hundreds of miles and been in dozens of people's hands, it left this world in that very place it loved the most: the bathroom.
(This one is most likely)     You've all stopped reading because I've fallen in love with making lists on this thing.
She has to know that her boobs are close enough for me to actually hear the hair on her nipples scraping against her bra, yet she acts like everything is cool.
Email me  urlLink here  for story ideas, suggestions, or to agree with me on just how frightening mouse traps are.
This put the edges of the pages rife for gathering splashback from the urine that would be slamming against the porcelain.
I find it interesting that this happens so often -but it's also disturbing.
Also, I weigh a good 200 tons, so that's some fucking dead kitten.
I think that shows that I have so little self-esteem that I don't even include myself in my dreams.
Sal has been with me for about two years.
The camera pulls out from the sheet to reveal, that's right, you guessed it, Jesus, ALIVE!
This means that, this summer, I need to get myself a job since I haven't had one for a few months.
I think I'm going to do this more often so I can feel like I'm writing on a regular basis like I should be.
Third day in a row posting and I'm feeling like a champ.
If you're a reader of mine, "Ray Ray," call me again.
Also, I heard that Hawaiians sacrifice their first born by throwing it off a cliff and onto a surfboard.
How hard is that to understand?
I turn it on because the response is hilarious.
3) There isn't a third reason, that's why I said for two reasons.
Let's just say that I've read reviews of  The Village  and it wasn't reviewed that great.
It's good in theory, but they take it too far.
There was also a shot at the end of the movie where, after the world has been saved from the evil robots (the ones whose chest was glowing red; for those who don't know, in Symbolism 101, red means bad), for no reason whatsoever, the goddamn Blue Angels fly overhead and break off into different directions.
So, apparently the writers --yes, I'm convinced that the stupid show has writers now-- thought that having Frankie --if that is her real name-- coming out of the bathroom and dropping a knife conspicuously in front of Jamie, would be a good, dramatic way to reveal that she was in there cutting herself.
I can't wait until I have money again because then I can buy that monocle I've always wanted.
The guy on the news in that magic box that sits underneath my DVD player said that it was centered near San Diego.
In fact, go ahead and comment it below.
You know--just enough to get the job done, but not enough to kill you.
So, Roy of the "Siegfried and Roy's International Steakhouse" chain of restaurants (and their magic act) has been hospitalized.
I'll even quote the bible:     He who doth covet thyself will have the blood of a feline on his hands.
Japanese ice-cream lovers have swapped traditional flavours such as raspberry ripple for something a little more exotic - horse-flesh.
There's something about them, maybe it's their lack of complete body-ness, or the smug way that they think they can "do whatever everybody else can do" that makes me want to hurt them more, but there's something there.
The strangest thing about letting somebody borrow a book is that you know that they're going to take that to the bathroom with them.
Man, I'm on fire like that kid David who's dad hated the way he slept so he threw gas and a match on him in his sleep.
Now, I'm just paraphrasing here, so I could be wrong, but they think that people are comprised of 72 beings each and that these beings were all alive at one time, somewhere in the last 4 quadrillion years (that's the actual number they used, I swear).
Investigative journalism at its pinnacle.
I heard that he totally gets together with her and she's a hooker.
If there was an option like "To learn more about what crimes this person has been convicted of, press 4 now."
I'll be over there drinking, partying, and having lots of sex with many vaginas (or, for the females in the armed forces--many vaginas), and when I come back I'll be twenty-one, in the best shape of my life, tan as all hell, and you'll constantly praise me for how great I was.
The History Channel, this weekend, decided to run a marathon of Infamous Murders for hours on end (how else do marathons go?).
Having George W. Bush as president is like leaving a monkey in a room with a box of ninja stars and forty live chickens and expecting to open that door in a week and find everything in the room the way you left it.
As I've mentioned before, my last name is mispronounced probably 95% of the time and it's only six letters.
urlLink Email me  or post your comments about the stink.
But, when 250 people share this idea, it doesn't exactly work out as planned.
Will Smith, in the year 2035, becomes Buffy the Vampire Slayer while killing a robot.
I remember, in years past, how cool I thought the whole ceremony was and how I wished that one day I could be a part of it.
I always check the bottom of the glass.
I can't believe you thought that he meant that movie.
Comment away, tardmongers.
I will put on my kitten-smashing boots and jump into a laundry basket filled with kittens.
When I use the word ridiculous here, I don't mean that in a good way like, "Yo, that new eyepatch is ridiculous, Bluebeard.
That concludes this presentation of Executive Theatre.
There are times when I'm lying there, napping, and I'm struck with the thought, what are you doing here napping when you could be out doing something, but then, at the mere thought of the absurdity of the question, it exits my mind.
Comment below and convince me that either there are retarded ghosts, or other reasons that it would be acceptable to believe that retarded people can't be ghosts.
Pull camera out to show the glass of wine sitting on a white carpet.
But, the big twist at the end is that, while you thought that the robot was just a robot, it turns out that he's the only real thing there and he built Joaquin and Tom Bosley's granddaughter as his own robots because he really liked Gladiator and Happy Days.
As we speak (and remember, when I say 'we' I mean me and me since nobody else reads this) I'm busy writing a letter to the Council That Decides Who Should Win Noble Peace Prizes (you think they'd make that more succinct) about this whole idea.
Go on with your bad self."
So if you were one of my guests tonight, Happy New Year to you too.
Comment away, my little whore-gnomes.
Only one real producer actually showed up so it wasn't as nerve-wracking as I thought it would be.
This is where I thought, Cool, he's totally going to pull a Neo and figure it all out and kick these guys' asses once he's done.
I've never had a drink of alcohol in my life, but if I did, I sure know what I would use to drink my beer.
Then, at the end of the movie, Joaquin and Opie-ette are embracing in the center of the village after they've murdered everybody else and Joaquin has sodomized each and every one of them while singing "Let's Get it Started" by The Black Eyed Peas.
But this face, this was one of pure ass-kicking determination.
These pills really have messed up my stomach, though.
If you haven't heard of this internet thing, you should look into it.
The commercial I'm talking about is for a wheelchair/chair for really lazy people called the "Hoveround."
Man, I just dropped some serious nasal vocabulary on your ass, you better recognize, beeeeotch!
The idea that this organization would have the word "Retarded" in their title blows my mind.
Everybody laughs, a few even cry because they laugh so hard.)
There's a Japan Ice-Cream Association.
These are the only things that would convince me otherwise.
Hollywood's going to be awesome.
I reached out and grabbed the guillotine, a pair of fingernail clippers with I (heart) New York inscribed on the main lever.
The commercial was a lot like the commercials that Sizzler always have had, except this time, when they named the restaurant, they whispered it.
They come and tell me about how Jesus saved the world or something, but, from what I saw, Mel Gibson must hate Jesus.
This would have been the only time that I would have wanted to dole out the $100+ to see that show.
Maybe I'm a subconsciously-gay Harry Potter wannabe.
I think kicking a monkey in the balls would somehow draw a lot more anger from that monkey than sending them down in a heap like what happens to a man or a small child who won't stop pointing at you and laughing at your head that's "as big as me, mommy."
MTV CENSOR GUY:  Jesus Christ, what's wrong with people?
Right in their smelly head.
I've never felt more like a gay man (or a straight man in a desperate situation, right, Ryan?)
The naked massage sweepstakes is over with the winners being nobody (or everybody if you've seen me naked).
I think everybody thought that everybody else will leave and then, when there's only like 4 of them left, there will definitely be spots in there for them to see the movie.
I know, I'd use an intricate system of bungee cords and pullees that would ensure my hand would stay back there.
Even though that's a fucking wicked name, don't get me wrong, that's not what I'm changing it to.
On a different note, a fun little anecdote about the finale of my screenwriting class follows.
Yesterday I posted about how I hurt my shoulder.
They think that they're fooling everybody by giving her so many first names that people won't notice that her real first name isn't actually a name, but a shampoo scent.
The man in the wizard getup pointed in my direction.
I always find it odd waking up with an erection just because I'm wondering how long that's been like that.
I actually walked out into the kitchen just now to check the amount of ounces on that so I could get it right.
I'm pretty sure she was trying to get all of the wrinkles out of the bag because it sounded like somebody behind me was rolling around in a big-ass pile of leaves in my ear.
I'm sure Siegfried is hanging out bedside with "Nip" and "Tuck" their two favorite white tigers.
