Hey there folks!
A friend of mine did one of these and told me bout it,so i checked his out.
I thought is was kinda cool so i figured i would try one also.
I dont know if my thoughts and comments will be all that great or informative, however i hope they will be amusing enough to read.
Now, where to start?
Ah, yes!
My job.
I work in a book store here in Oregon, and its a decent job no matter what my co-workers may say (and believe me i have had some pretty lousy jobs).
My job in the store is to unpack and stock the books we get in that are predetermined as bargain books.
Seeing as how I have been working there at around ......wow 5 years already?.....i have seen many people come and go, along with different managment "afflictions".
Now anyone who works for any comoany knows that given time there will eventually be some kind of shift in who does what when.
It is inevitable.
Dont fight it, just let it go.
And yet, no matter how it changed, my little corner has remained relatively untouched.
I dont know who i have to thank for that one, but it has made my life a teensy bit easier.
Anyways!
Enough about work!
Yesturday i sent off my application for financial aid!
i am soooo excited, i am soo looking forward to going back to school.
I have kinda been planning on it for a couple years already but somehow i always kept putting it off, I'm not sure what it was that kicked me in the ass and made me do it.
Perhaps it was the influence of one of my friends that did it, whatever it was i needed it.
School never sounded fun to me as a kid, i always dreaded going.
Kids always picked on me, and i rarely liked the teachers.
But now, i am excited about it.
The idea that this time its my choice to do it instead of some forced thing makes it so much more appealing to me now.
Well that's it for now.
I think later I'll post some of my own short stories or a chapter or two of one of my longer ones, maybe a post about something funny and stuff like that.
For now ill just think about it and post more later.
In the mean time, toodles!
