I am a very social person.
It really doesnt matter who i socialize with as long as I am socializing.
For all of the years that i have ever been in school, all of my teachers have mentioned how talkative I am.
It doesnt really bother me that much, but my parents really have some what of a prblem with it.
I have traveled from friends to friends.
It not like i cling to people or anything, its just that i like to hang out with all sorts of people.
Just this year i have gone through alot with friends.
I started out with a best friend that i had been with for 4 years.
We always were together.
LIteraly.
All of a sudden, she started being so mean.
Now, i know it wasnt puberty, there was just something that was bugging her about me.
Personaly, i think she was jealious of me.
I do have a pretty goiod life.
She called me some racial slurs.
My dad is black and my mom is white.
Not a big deal for me.
Ever since all of that happened, we have never spoken again.
After all of that happened, I started hanging out with another group.
To me they all seemed really nice for a while.
But after a while I started seeing what kind of people they really were.
I noticed the behavier of bullies or druggies.
I knew that some of them had smoked but i didnt really think about it.
I had never done anything like that in my life and i was not about to start.
After their big turn over, i decided it was time for a better scene.
So I went on a "search" for some new friends.
My old friends still talk to me and everything, but it&nbsp;isnt the same.
I finally found the people i belonged with.
These girls that i met had a good reputation and everything.
They were really funny and so nice.
We totaly hit it off.&nbsp;We have been friends ever since.
They are so awesome.&nbsp; I have also met alot of people in cheerleading.
That is another advantage to the sport.
My life friend wise is so awesome right now.
I think i have it pretty goo.
odays lesson i learned is that cheerleading totaly can take up alot of your schedule.
I have practice 2 times a week and that takes up alot of time as it is.
Then you have to&nbsp;add on all of the extra tumbling (gymnastics practices).
Our coach has us go 2 times a week for&nbsp;2 hours in total.
Every night after a practice, my body is so sore.
Today&nbsp;I had tumbling.
I am already tired.
Cheerleading can also get tangled up with friends and vacation.
I have been&nbsp;wanting to do something with one&nbsp;of my&nbsp;friends almost the whole summer.
Cheerleading got in the way.&nbsp;Our coach only lets us miss 3 practices.
That is trouble when you want to go on vacation.
So if you think you are ready to start cheerleading, maybe you&nbsp;should check your schedule.
One of the secrets to being a succesful cheerleader is being&nbsp;willing to give up things you like to do something you love.
&nbsp;Hey.
My name is Katrina.
I am 11 years old and i am on an all star cheerleading team.
My life is pretty much all about cheerleading.
I cheer for Elite X.
It has been the best so far.
One of my teamates is Morgan.
She has a blog to.
If you would like to find out more about her go to  urlLink ww.
orgswe.
logspo.
om .
Check it out!
If you want ask me some quetions.
i know lots about cheerleading.
