So this is the first entry as a Blog user.
This will just prove how truly nerdy I am.
I feel like I have to give some kind of self-description, but I've always sucked at that.
The one time that I tried matc.
om, my best friend had to write my profile for me.
I like to keep everything on a need to know basis, and I can't stand people who like to use these things as a way to brag about their lives.
Anyway....I live in Sacramento, CA, moving here after graduating from UC Davis...I'm a project manager at a marketing research firm which keeps me busy.
There's really not much to say.
Am I boring?
Maybe as I get better about writing about me it won't seem that way.
Whatever.
We'll see how long I keep the Blog thing u.
ou know when your job starts meaning something to you when you start to dream about it.
For the past week, it seems that all I've been doing is stressing over projects.
My co-worker try to tell ourselves that a lot of things that happen in our job are out of our control.
We conduct focus groups, and our clients satisfaction come from a good show rate.
If people don't show up, or even worse, if they say something in a group that would have terminated them in the screening process, our clients are not always happy campers.
It's fast paced around our office, which I love, but sometimes I think i'm going to get an ulcer.
I had this dream recently where I had a focus group in process when all of a sudden people started leaving the group.
Just getting up and walking out.
One person even yelled at me for no reason.
I was totally panicking because there was nothing I could do.
I woke up in a cold sweat, and for a moment I thought what I had been dreaming about actually happened.
This isn't the first time this has happened to me with my job, but for some reason it freaked me out the most.
Sleep is supposed to be a peaceful time, when you can escape reality, and now it was invaded by my work.
Even tonight.
I've been working on this project for the last two weeks, and tonight was the night it was finally going to happen.
It hasn't been an easy process dealing with these particular client.
I would get about 8 emails a day, plus a phone call, and it seemed I could never satisfy them.
So tonight more than anything, this project had to go well.
From what I can tell so far, it's going better than I had hoped.
I wish that I had known this 2 weeks ago so that I could have avoided all this stress.
This is my first job out of college, and I really do enjoy it.
But this must be what a job you love is like.
The stress, being constantly on-call, the long hours.
Because if I didn't love it this much, I wouldn't have lasted this lon.
his is the first time that I've been able to write about this, even though it happened 2 weeks ago.
I was at the Grad with my boyfriend, nothing too unusal, and we were slow dancing.
Now I can't remember what song it was (I'm really bad with details, he's the one that remembers the day of our first date and stuff like that) but it was probably some sappy country song that makes me cry when I hear it on the radio.
In the middle of the song, he whispered in my ear, "Would it be wrong if I told you I loved you right now?"
I swear, my heart almost stopped beating, and I really didn't know what to say, but of course, I replied that no, it wouldn't be wrong.
He kind of waited a bit, and then said that he loved me.
No one has ever said those words to me that weren't related to me or that didn't just have some sort of platonic relationship with me.
And of course, I reciprocated the statement and told him that I loved him, too.
He was always teasing me about being in love with him, since he knew that I had been feeling it very early on in the relationship, but I tried so hard not to say it first.
For some reason, it seemed like a weakness for the girl to say it first but yet it's ok for the guy to say it.
Yeah, it's a double standard, but being a girl allows me to use double standards as long as it works for me.
After the relationships I've been in in the past, one-night stands, awkward first dates, a quasi boyfriend that was cheating on me half the time we were dating, I didn't realize how good it could feel to have someone love you unconditionally, and I didn't know that I was worthy of it.
Now it feels freeing to be able to openly say "I love you to him."
Even if me and this guy don't work out, it gives me hope that I can find some kind of lasting, good relationship.
We've been together for almost 6 months, and while that's not a long time, for me, it's a start, a very good start.
