I was excited to see a tree-huggers spud.
The kind of love doesn't just die.
What I'm trying to say is I want to be a good person.
I 	also enjoy the natural spring waters like Evan.
I want my dogs... who by the way are fucking cute.
Well,  at I-Hop we give our name and wait in the colder part.
Fold it up and brown it in a pan to make it stick together better.
We had a Veggie deep dish minus the black olives.
That is my vacation.. not totally cool but it could've been worse..  Now I'm driving from blacksburg to Columbia..
Which is kind of cool but why bother after you broke up?
I think by tomorrow I'm going to stuff my face.
Well I'm off to dream and search for other men to add to my list.
Please feel free to mourn this great musical loss with me.
Please wish me well I am in despreite need of the cash.
Yeah everyone in snowed move the fuck on.
This time I had a larger order and boy did I pack that shit away.
Va Va Va Voom...  and all that jazz   So I'm sitting in my lovely new home with my lovely new computer with my lovely new internet.
I hope that on the final episode Cordie comes back.
You can influence others on days when you're patient, but most times you just want to go out, have fun, and do your own thing.
I say fuck the pig, fuck them all and I order a double doozie.
Cooking is so sexy or being passionate about something 10.
I really packed those away.
Today will be long, I can tell but, rewarding I have potatos at home.
What was the best thing you bought?
How gross not only is he eating something my dog crapped out but think of the germs.
Imagine Osama Bin Laden and W. Cuddling together.
When I eat this mousse the whole world goes away.
When I go out to eat I didn't know it was so others could watch.
After what seemed like an eternity, we were seated.
So, the breadsticks are a wash and so is the salad.
Tonight was left overs.....
I have so many things that stink and are wet now.
I hope he would be downstairs so then Becky and I could share the upstairs.
&nbsp;   So I have a new love in my life...&nbsp;  urlLink http://www.
Okay, I feel much better that was really bothering me.
If I see it I think I would have some words.
See they don't seem so evil know!
He tries to tell me they are all sold out.
The waitress brings the check.
Jon's food is cold and not hot or spicy.
Food in my belly means...
My dogs had Eukanuba dog food with Milk on it.
It's already been determined.
I ordered a pork burrito minus the pork, so it just had veggies.
None of this makes sense and I don't really care, basically I'm saying I wish I felt like smiling again.
I'm annoyed way to often, that is the only thing that I know.
I have my sisters in town and Cardinal games to look forward too.
&nbsp;   I haven't talked to my mom in over a month and I don't want to call her b/c&nbsp; I feel bad.&nbsp; My sisters don't talk to her near as much as I normally do.
Which celebrity/public figure did you fancy the most?
I also asked for no goat cheese.
I will be working on my for the next two weeks..
Friday 11/14/03  I went home and had beer and Italian Village pizza.
I want to be loved and cuddled all the live long day.
It is on rangeline in the Gerbes parking lot.
My stomach was a little upset at this point and I thought food was the answer.
I am taking this moment to say I now like Sapphire better than Tellers.
Just say no to the salt on the chips.
They where out of potatoes, how fucked is that?
Then came over this gentleman with silver caps over his teeth.
Basken Robbins Mint chocolate Ship 5.
I have been big in to Hot Hot Heat, and Hot Rod circuit.&nbsp; I think tomorrow is a Bangkok gardens day either that or tellers..
Today in the spirt of the Holidays I'm going to name the top ten food sins.
It wasn't to bad but it's the first time I laughed out loud in over a week so that was good.
I waited my food was brought to me.
Dunkin' donuts and panera our my friend 3.
So, he called in for re-enforcements.
Good thing I wore a shirt, sweater and a Men's Navy pea coat.
It is fucking awesome and everyone needs to go try it.
I would really like a beer too.
&nbsp;   My perfrect man must have good hair... Time Time Time.. a clock ticks and it's 9:35 Monday and where did my time go???
Every time I look up she is staring.
Well, on a more depressing note I know have to move.
Saturday not so drunk still a good time.
The plus side is from all the crazy shit and stress I have lost more weight!
Other than that event the night was good.
What did you do on your birthday, and how old were you?
Question why on earth would anyone under the age of 40 ever look for women/men online, thorough personals?
I am tired and getting more tired.. even sleeping is making me tired.
My dad and carol like him so much, I don't want them to start hating him.
Scrubbed my Potato put it in a plastic grocery bag.
I have feel in love with Loon Sheng.
I had pizza but to start we had pub fries.
From now on,  I will try to make me the way I want not what others do.
P. S. everyone don't think Sweet Potato Casserole is something we enjoy.
Movie Theater Popcorn I will drive to the Hollywood 14 walk in and get this shit to go.
I haven't been out in about three weeks.
I bought it for  urlLink Jon   12.
Really if the people make you gag, what is the food going to do?
Maybe it's the fact I'm going to go to La Tolteca.
They would know who they are but I have a feeling they will never read this.
It was sad to see my dad so upset.
Things I like in a man...  1.
I'm not as lazy as I was..
A Les Paul Studio that is white.
Still, not 100% as far as the stomach goes and I have people thinking that we are reenacting Days of Thunder.
I was sick all of Saturday.
I have to go to work tonight.&nbsp; I'm so tired.&nbsp; I drove to St. Louis on three hours of sleep, to take my sister to the Airport.&nbsp; NO more RACHIE!!!!
All this food talk is making me starve.
Saturday-Work, Drink, Work.
If you have anything you feel needs venting I'll eat and then vent all the bad feelings right out.
