What the fuck was that all about?
Anyway, expect more frequent posts from here on out.
They're using the shadow of something that happened a year and a half ago to justify denying you your freedoms.
George W. Bush, you have destroyed the credibility of my country, killed my countrymen, and perpetrated the worst foreign policy failure this country has seen in almost 30 years.
Our Country Rules   urlLink Lycos News | Cost of War with Iraq Could Approach $100 Billion  "Pentagon planners believe the cost of a possible war with Iraq could balloon to $95 billion or even higher" Just what we fucking needed.
Word for word; verbatim: a literal translation.
If this were a dictatorship, it would be a heck of a lot easier – so long as I'm the dictator.
We should apologize and leave immediately.
Many of them probably have American blood on their hands.
There has been nothing like this system since the fall of the Soviet Union.
Faygo And Other Musical Trends  I had a strange night at work last night.
--Benjamin Franklin    "America will never be destroyed from the outside.
urlLink Full Story "President George Bush's re-election campaign ran into trouble today after he was accused of delivering a 'slap in the face' to the victims of the September 11 attacks by using images of the atrocity in television adverts" "One of the 30-second commercials includes a brief clip of a body, wrapped in the American flag, being lifted from the wreckage of New York's World Trade Centre.
What are they gonna think of us?'
Instead what I found was a veritable neocon library,  most notably a few books by Michael "Gays should get AIDS and die" Savage.
He didn't even offer so much as a handshake to her, yet he was talking to me like I was a slot machine about to pay off big time.
Perhaps the "conservatives" should re-label themselves the "voracious" (marked by boundless greed).
You have discovered new heights of retardation, and I salute you.
Before this shit happened, there was at least some hope that we might be able to work together with the Iraqi people to build a new Iraqi government.
"We looked at the intelligence assessment process, and we've come to the conclusion that it is broken," author Joseph Cirincione said Thursday on CNN's "American Morning."
I took it out to their tour bus, still parked in front of the store, and Wayne gladly signed it for me.
Yet more proof that Bush and the Republicans are complete and total douchebags.
I believe that a thousand of them should be killed tomorrow.
"Rarely have vainglorious cupidity, ideological blinkers and self-righteous avarice been so savagely and justly punished."
neways me and my friend kara wanted to let you know that viggo mortensen isss veryyyyyy sexy now good day to u bastard ok gtg dont write back!!!
To all gay couples marrying today or from here on out: congratulations and good luck.
It is going to the people over at Boeing and McDonnell-Douglas.
It's a great semi-collaborative art page.
I am disgusted beyond words that anyone would think this, let alone say it on a nationally syndicated radio show.
We have a war going on that is going to cost in excess of 100 Billion dollars, and they dump out a tax-break for the rich.
The worse the news gets coming out of Iraq, the less George Bush takes responsibility for it.
The atrocities get more disgusting and more immense with every day, and the Bush administration (or should I say the Ministry of Truth) somehow had nothing to do with any of it.
Thanks a whole lot man, that is definately the coolest thing an employer has ever done for me.
urlLink email  me or somethin.
What possible reason could he have for wanting to hide the bodies returning from Iraq?
Support our troops, bring them home, and recall that special-ed case we have in the White House.
In case you are wondering, the album is fantastic stuff.
urlLink Here's  something that ought to make your stomach turn, fresh from the AP.
We're Motörhead, And We're Gonna Kick Your Ass  Those were the first words I heard legendary bassist Lemmy speak at the  urlLink Motörhead  show on Tues.  What a show.
Any other attitude in an American citizen is both base and servile.
P. S.- All you assholes who don't vote share the blame for this.
Reality Check Please  Once again, this idea that we have all these other countries backing us up for a war in Iraq is proven wrong.
Which, if you've read the book, you know that really, really  really  sucks.
"Doing a superb job," according to the optimist-in-chief.
The man who's presidency has overseen the sharpest decline in civil liberties in this country  ever , the man who brought you The Homeland Security Department, Camp X-Ray, The Patriot Act, The Department of Total Information Awareness, and Richard Ashcroft suddenly wants to protect someone's privacy?
You could spend three hours walking the streets before you saw any white people there, if you saw any at all."
Hell in a hand-basket, here we come.
I still believe in you and thank you for your hard work over the decades Ralph, but I want your help in this fight, not another distraction.
– George Washington, Treaty of Tripoli, 1796 Christianity neither is, nor ever was a part of the common law.
Kerry, you had better kick the living shit out of this dickhead in November.
Anybody out there heard of the concept of the constant dollar?
You sir, are an embarrassment to your country.
12 And Saul was afraid of David, because the LORD was with him, and was departed from Saul.
Being in accordance with, conforming to, or upholding the exact or primary meaning of a word or words.
Perhaps it is time to look into a recall vote.
Savage, you get to hang out with Inhofe and Limbaugh in the "I like to prove the terrorists are right about us" lounge.
It's a little late to worry about that now you evil asshole.
Firefighters, who emerged as heroes of the rescue effort, also feature in the adverts."
And we hear that the most humiliating thing you can do is make one Arab male disrobe in front of another.
Rarely has a book made me sit up and pay attention like  Ishmael  did.
I still had hopes that some sort of human decency would prevail.
That's right, we had an in-store appearance by  urlLink Zug Izland , one of the bands on the  urlLink Insane Clown Posse 's label  urlLink Psychopathic Records .
Sure enough, there was Wayne Coyne, singer, songwriter, and guitarist (among many many other things) of the  urlLink Flaming Lips , perusing our wide selection of cds and movies.
Check out  urlLink Mark Fiore's  cartoons.
Maybe it's because he hasn't been to a single soldier's funeral in his entire presidency, even though he's somehow found the time to go to Camp David 78 times (I shit you not).
Just so we're clear;   Literal  adj.
Perhaps this is their attempt to provide some sort of "gritty realism".
Fuck you George W., and fuck you Congress.
10 And it came to pass on the morrow, that the evil spirit from God came upon Saul, and he prophesied in the midst of the house: and David played with his hand, as at other times: and there was a javelin in Saul's hand.
– James E. Carter There is nothing wrong in America that can't be fixed with what is right in America.
I looked at the record of the man we had in office at the time, and my thought was that Clinton was an obvious improvement over Reagan and Bush, but things in this country could be so much better.
I've got a nasty cold, so I'm gonna go die now.
Near the southern city of Basra, three British soldiers were injured when they were caught in an explosion."
urlLink Full Story At this point, it's almost passe to make comparisons between current events and 1984 by George Orwell.
The stakes are enormous for Bush, presidential historian Doug Brinkley said.
His work is very important to me personally, and I was sorely dissapointed by the fact that there was no way (short of quitting my job) that I was going to get to meet him, that night anyway.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again.
He misses with the javelin throws at him, and then becomes afraid of him.
This is what we get when a man who couldn't even figure out how to say "nuclear" the right way is running the show.
com defines the word conserve(the base word of conservative) as: To protect from loss or harm; preserve.
Or, how about The K Chronicles from Keith Knight.
Below is an excerpt detailing the results of decomposing wage levels in America.
They had a few people with them, to help out with crowd control and whatnot.
Vote early and vote often.
Some of my earliest memories are of watching Mr. Rogers' Neighborhood.
Now, all of a sudden, I see the unelected shrub on the news with our British lap-dog talking about liberating the Iraqi people...  Tell me, U. N. Security Council resolution 1441, did that say anything about liberating them from the oppressive Hussein regime?
– Thomas Jefferson, February 10, 1814 War should never be entered upon until every agency of peace has failed.
With his public standing "heading into a downward spiral, it is imperative that the president appeal directly to the American public.
In the course of this conference he said "Some Democrats view the lesson of the last election is to go out and to run as far to the left as possible.
Five US soldiers also died in Habbaniya, 15 miles west of Falluja, when their vehicle hit a roadside bomb.
"The Flaming Lips are in the store."
Special P. S.to George W. Bush- Ok, Baghdad has fallen.
Save yourself the effort of running a loosing re-election campaign; even the most namby-pamby of Democrats will be able to bury your sorry ass after this, and good riddance to bad rubbish.
– William Clinton The more I study it [the Constitution], the more I have come to admire it, realizing that no other document devised by the hand of man ever brought so much progress and happiness to humanity.
We Interrupt This Rant To Bring You..
Especially since she has just graduated from college (i go back in the fall) and will be paying a good chunk (read: most) of the bills.
In your last presidential bid, I supported your campaign and voted for you because of several different reasons.
They left to go get some dinner, and I thanked them and said goodbye.
urlLink Lycos News | U. S. Says New Resolution Will Test U. N. Relevance  "The only issue the president is concerned with is the complete and total disarmament of Iraq and regime change in Iraq,"-Der Fleischer, White House Propaganda Secretary.
Good thing were killing people over non-existant weapons, or wait, could the administration possibly have an ulterior motive?
