She was shocked I didn't sleep and asked why.
I'm blogging from Johor right now.
I'll ommit the gross details, but I'll tell you this: it wasn't pretty.
They're still there, but Shakhira said she's leaving and that she's coming over to pick me up.
She told me she did feel like crying but decided to imagine this other guy's face instead.
And I just remembered I'm gonna go bowl with my cousin at 10am.
: Last night Talked to an ex?
Ofcourse, there was the customary sleaze factor.
Even after dinner it didn't go away completely.
Ninie's having her birthday thang at  urlLink BarFlam  tonight, so we went over so she could finalise her reservations and stuff.
A sinfull, fatty breakfast.
Now I'm bringing myself down.
Breakfast was a slice of wholemeal toast (nothing on it) and then an orange for my mid-morning snack.
Maybe it turns into a "discotheque" or something at times.
DO YOU EAT THE STEMS OF BROCCOLI?
I've gotten super duper lazy, haven't I?
I went to check the schedule this morning but the damn faculty was all locked up.
i don't watch sports I'm sick =(    My stomach hurts like a bitch.
I got bored today, and decided to switch into geek-mode and design something.
Hung out at her place until 5.30pm, dropped Anas off at the station (I had to get fuel, anyway) so he could catch a cab home, and I was back by 6pm.
WHAT BOOK ARE YOU READING NOW?
Nobody needs, or wants, to know about my anger.
They danced on the bartop for a while, like always.
Let's do the chronicle thing.
They're out visiting some relatives, so I came in for a quick post and email check.
There are times when I'm just sitting there minding my own business, feeling fine.
Don't know what I'm gonna do tomorrow, though.
I wasn't planning on eating anything 'cuz I was still feeling a little icky.
Ofcourse there was the  late night special , this time the female bartenders got on the bar and poured tequilla into wide opened mouths.
I saw them not allowing people in, so that was worrying.
Well, it was another sleepless night for me last night.
We ended up at The Beach Club.
Don't exactly know how it happened...
fries, vegetables, chicken  15.
Nothing spectacular, but some tracks were cool.
This thing is too tiny to lose a friend over.
Just had the best night ever!
This looks very  beginner-like , I think.
All that stuff, and more, is causing major breakouts of the acne kind.
The roll with the pictures of the people we met at the Beach Club a few weeks ago, and also of Hari Raya and some snaps from last night's open-house.
Me, Shakhira and Gerald went to watch, unfortunately we got too hungry to wait until the end.
We met up for a late lunch, said sorry and spent the day hangin out.
I actually went up to him and told him the old "my friend thinks you're cute.
Good thing I've just  refreshed  my apples supply.
The crowd was mostly foreigners.. tourists.
I think the end product's not too bad, if I may say so myself.
Accent or not: I   ON GIRLS FOR GUYS TO FILL OUT (for guys only)  27.Regular underwear or thong:  29.Bra or sports bra:  30.Cute n'mysterious or wild n'sexy:  31.Dressy or casual:  32.Dark or blonde:  33.Long or short hair:  35.Long or short nails:  36.Hat or no hat:  37.Good or bad girl:  38.Fat or thin:  39.Hair up or down:  40.Jewelery or none:  41.Tall or short:  42.Curly or straight hair:  44.Tan or fair:  45.Freckles or none:  46.Pretty indoor chick or party chick:  48.Accent or canadian:  49.Shy or outgoing:   Misc.
We called her cell a few times before she finally picked up.
I scaled it down cuz it was too big.
So I spent a little bit more time making new ones.
I seem to be losing my friends, family and direction.
I do tend to go on and on, don't I?
I'm kinda bummed 'cuz I can't be out partying again tonight.
Actually, I'm even scaring myself.
*Haha* After BarFlam, we went to uptown to meet up with Fahmy and the guys.
I found the guy, and asked him where our table was.
With too much to update when it was restored, brings us to....
I guess it could've been my early dinner, but the Raita was fuctup and it left me unsatisfied.
We'll save them for some other time, hmm?
Today (14th): Got up at 1pm, had one hell of a fucked up lunch (can't even remember what), munched on tiny cookies, went to 1Utama with Fahmy, watched him eat wishing I could too, Shakhira joined us, followed her around shopping and last minute v-day gift hunting, Fahmy dropped me off, munched on tiny cookies, had dinner alone, munched on tiny cookies, got emotional, danced to a few cool tracks alone, all the while feeling super fucked and now feelin majorly fat and depressed.
At the door, the girls were given this coupon to fill out and to be exchanged for champange at the bar.
It was just 3 girls at first, then Fahmy and Shakir came.
Somehow my password to my  urlLink blog  was changed.
I spent the night re-organizing stuff in my room while boogie-ing to music and exchanging SMS messages with Shakhira.
Current petty shit :  Unanswered sms message  .out.
She wasn't extremely happy about it, but it was still an okay.
Actually I did register under  urlLink Envy.
Then again, at that time I was already feeling sick.
A friend of Shakhira, Hisham, also came to hang out.
Been half a year, hasn't it?
The place was packed like mad, and the whole stretch of Telawi was filled with people.
Cyril & As went into the waiting room first, we joined them when we found out it was much cooler.
You look after your teammates, get along with everyone, have a wonderful man who loves you and have pretty much achieved perfection.
We got ready, picked up Rakhma and was on our way.
It was a mellow kinda fun, I think.
* Some drama had taken place recently.
consideration, faith and positivity  14.
No, my tummy ain't exactly a carbon copy of J-Lo's, I'm still not sure why I got it *Haha* But it looks good and I found out I'm down  3  sizes!
Went around waking everyone up for bfast.
I have yet to sleep since yesterday.
Needless to say, I was shocked.
Tanner got emo & almost killed himself, thanks to Merv *hahaha*    Final Day   Went to breakfast by myself.
Looks like it's back to blogspot.. bummer.
Good thing a couple of friends called, so I didn't go insane with boredom *Hehe*  And that brings to yesterday,  Wednesday .
Even an earthquake wouldn't have woken them.
I went back to bed and cried and whined myself to sleep.
Ajim and Gerald were from the office, they stayed for a bit and then had to get back to work.
Some things happened on different days?
Anyways, I'm feeling sucky because of  LOADS  of stuff.
Item 1 Forgot about this.
Especially the vegetables and tofu.
Throughout the night, I: 1.
Ended up at Muhibbah with her parents, they've already ordered like   7   dishes.
It stinks of stale smoke.
Dumped stuff in Siew Mun & Lam's room.
I don't know why I'm letting this bother me in the first place.
magazines, a pair of old sneakers, dust  30.
crap, piles of rubbish, BO  7.
To put everything down right now, would require superhero strength and magical powers.
I have a super cool pair of jeans!
