As I pushed my way to the bar, I noticed a rather handsome gentleman headed in the same direction as me, I smiled and he smiled back and we met at the bar.
Now I barley see him or speak to him....he is too busy.....I don't get it, is it just me?
To all those reading this, have an amazing weekend, Jenny don't forget to pack the OFF!
Well I can, however she has a new job.
Probably not, cause your parents who thought it was a good idea to buy you alcohol, probably have a damn good lawyer who can fix your constant fuck-ups cause come on, it couldn't be worse then the fraud scam your father is pulling at work...... let's see if this even works.
She is such a loser, that I wonder if now that she is watching this at home, she herself realizes what a loser and a big bitch that she really is.
I have taken about 15  calls since I got in this morning at 8:30am.
Terrence who told me that it was never to late to go to school, actually he told me a story about a friend of his who was thinking of going to med school and wasn't sure because he when he was done in 4 years he was going to be a 32 year old doctor, and then someone told him that regardless of whether or not he went to school in 4 years he was going to be 32 years old.
In the far right lane you can always be sure to find a car going 30kms/hour in a 60 zone and everyone behind that car is just fine cruising at that LOW speed.
Everynight it's the samething.
No one answered, but I did however, see my grandmother, who past away a month and a half ago, in a dream.
I usually take about 35 by this time.
2 things   Last night I was at home with my boyfriend sitting on the couch reading Us Magazine while he watched ESPN for the most recent updates in football news.
I finally found out why everyone says "I Love New York", and I don't blame them.
When will my neighbor's dog learn that it is not nice to bark for an hour straight at 2 am when I have my window open because my bedroom is like a raging fire from below and everyone refuses to put the A/C on?
I thought picking out a wedding dress would mean I was growing up a little bit.
Sorry to those who suffer from ADD........ urlLink  Jenny Smith    Did you ever cross paths with someone in your life that was simply the most caring, giving, and kindest person you know?
In other news this weekend was pretty ugly and pretty boring.....I am looking forward to this weekend however because here it is a long weekend....that's right I am off on MONDAY!!!
I don't know what will become of this site, but I can only say it will be better in the end, whenever that is....
I seriously wake-up bored and depressed on Sundays.
Do you feel the RIAA is right in its pursuit to stop people from dowloading free music?
Now I thought for sure me jean jacket would make it a bit more casual, but I guess not.
God yes that has been my dream for years......I guess cause I think they have a better life and I would just love to be part of a tv show...they look like they have so much fun.....   5.
And like a typical girl who chooses beauty before sweetness, she melted for all of them and fell into the trap and made the "average" (which weren't that average looking, they were cute in their own way) feel really bad about themselves, and for that she should be kicked off the  "island".
Who knows really, all I know is that I now have Friday's off and I have time to figure this one out.
I would rather you not tell me anything, intsead of putting me in this weird situation where I am confused on weither or not I will go.
And now the belated  urlLink  Friday Five:     1.
I'm not ashamed to say that I was there trying to decide if Felicity should have went to Berlin with Noel or if she should have drove back home to San Fran with Ben, I was also there the following September when she was face to face with Noel and he was pissed at her for choosing Ben.
But alas here I am and I have no idea what the hell I was going to post about.
Anyway back to more important things.
3. Who was the last person you complimented and what did you say?
Wow September 3rd, is it just me or does eveyone think this summer past really fast.
I remember posting about it and I also remember a few people out there who gave me some great words of advice.
Always use SPF 15 or higher everywhere else until you no longer burn.
I'm not complaining though, I love the way my life is right now, and I think once I am done school and working in a job I love it will be just as great.
But I disagree, I don't have different priorites, I don't think I have ever really had any to begin with.....and I don't want different adventures, I want fun ones, not boring ones that consist of me looking for furniture, that's not fun nor an adventure.
Well, I have people to share them with, like friends, family and my boyfriend and of course the random visitors to this page.
So I rolled in at around 3:45am and watched tv, and realized I was getting old.
Anyway you can see really how boring my night was since I am rambling about other peopels lives.
I swear it was July just last week.
Maybe it doesn't feel like it cause there is no snow?
Woe is me....sigh.... "My God woman!"
We would help clean up the dishes and then all 15 of us would head to a nearby arcade.
So if you are wondering why I said I threw up a little.....well it has been from all the dinking at clubs with all the my friends having this problem and trying to drink it away.....they can hold there liquor, I on the other hand can't..........especially when I am dancing all not long......kinda like Lionel Ritchie..........  so if you know why they never call, I would say comment but since I can't figure it out how to get it to work, so you can let me know at pulling_missions@hotmail.
I can't let that happen and I can't get the internet at home.
Are you making sure that the media is the only form of authority in their lives?
So for now I leave you with this and I hope something exciting happens this weekend and I can post all about it!
While I sat on the bar stool last night it occurred to me that here it was 11:45pm and somewhere on the west coast it was only 8:45pm, people were still getting ready to head out for the night while I was already 4 drinks into my night.
Fifth, I am having a hard time getting up in the morning these days.
Tell me if I am retarded or not, but is it normal for a girl to be afraid of commitment?
What are/were your favorite school subjects?
He smiled and I drifted off into the crowd and made my way to help my friend out.
Blinded By The Light    Some silicone sister with a manager mister told me I got what it takes She said "I'll turn you on sonny to something strong, play the song with the funky break" And go-cart Mozart was checkin' out the weather chart to see if it was safe outside And little Early-Pearly came by in his curly-wurly and asked me if I needed a ride Asked me if I needed a ride  But she was... Blinded by the light, revved up like a deuce, another runner in the night Blinded by the light    urlLink  Phantom Planet   is on  urlLink  Craig Kilborn  , so I really gotta go, well that and I am so drunk right now......  ...what was I thinking...... An Open Letter     Dear NBC,  Would you please, and I mean PLEASE reveal that Marlena is the Salem Stalker.
A way to relive the past.
Should I use a book to write in or should I go straight to my laptop??
If we were in school I would vote you for Prom Queen!!!!!
Later that night while we were driving down he called to tell me that he had forgotten that I had invited him out and made other plans, this pissed me off.
Each first day of a new season I would jump out of bed, excitingly looking for snow, yellow grass covered with slush and sprinklers at high speed in both the back and front yards.
Maybe if I was Christian I would understand.
The officer turned, so did I.
It's something better, well I think, I went to her with an idea for a script that she can do and instead she has forced me to write it myself and she will have it made for free and then maybe put into a few film festivals and then maybe some of the right people will see it.
I think it started when I was looking in my agenda and writing down appointments and I decided to look up my birthday next year and I saw that it was on a Sunday and I cringed cause Sundays are the worst day of the week.
I really wish I was could have blonde hair.
If I had my way I would either fly to New York City or Las Vegas to ring in the new year in either city, but I can't, my job sucks, I can't get time off work to do anything but bum around at home, alone and depressed.
Both payroll and both seem better than what I am doing here.
Even Sex and the City used to do it and I am sure a number of shows that I can't think of right now do it.
Good times ahead, good times ahead.
So now I would like to take the time to thank them.
I think I would venture out to  urlLink LA , and all the other places mentioned above in my post.
It's been snowing on and off for the past 3 weeks.
Age....   people who say age is just a number must only be 8 yrs old............it's not just number, it's the start of you 1/4 life crisis........in 2 days I am 25........kill me....... Off Limits.....   everything that i ever wanted is off limits....... how's that mayo run comming along........ NEVER.....
The last place was Vancouver, BC.
It would be greatly appreciated.
The windows don't open and they are dar to thick to try and break through.
"As I sat out front in the early Sunday morning sun, I could feel the light breeze off the water and smell the buring wood in the air.....ahhh it's 28 degrees, it's May 25th and I smell the month of October....."    My boyfriend told me that  urlLink   The Real World    is starting again in June, this time they party in Paris, the city I was named after....coincidence?
Seeing as when I am 30 I will own a home and have a HUGE mortgage, I have decided that starting the day I turn 26 I will open up an new account putting away $50-$100 a pay (depending on what bills I have that month) for the next 4 years.
(Although it bugs me that he does make good cash, I have to admit it is true.)
When was the last time you lied?
I am just sick of people thinking that you shouldn't go to toronto cause you will die from SARS.
So did anyone watch last nights episode of Will and Grace??
It turns out she was "tired of all the bullshit" that comes with dating.
Ah I say a few weeks, I need to get a new computer at home and an internet connection at home to and then I need to start this all up.
Has anyone else's blooger post page changed to this weird looking one I am using now?
Other nights we would play hide-and-go-seek till midnight, or take long walks to nearby neighborhoods at 11 o'clock at night.
Your addicted, unemployed fan,  Paris Nothing in Particular   Now that I am home, I don't really have much to post about.
I did, today, however come to the conclusion that it is time I start acting like and adult (I will be 26 in exactly 145 days) and put myself on a budget and stop spending money like I make millions or something.
So I will just bitch about getting.
I can barley breath, let alone go to the washroom.
I felt helpless and I felt as though I needed to other peoples help.....and I was scared as hell.
I have to say that I friday is my favorite day of the week.
I see the hint of jealousy in everyone, even in myself at times when others get good news, we want that to be us.
But what did I know I was only 18 yrs old and my school's guidance counselor wasn't much help.
But I noticed last night, well almost every night that I watch TV, that in dramas there is always music playing the background for a scene and I have recently noticed how the music makes the scene so much better.
He was pretty good looking, nice eyes, sweet personality, and thick chocolate brown hair.
", and I never forgot those words.
The OC is on tomorrow night and I am kinda excited about that, I have to carve my pumpkin to put on the porch for Halloween and then I have to make a final decision about Halloween.
Does he care, when your problems really aren't that big, or does he focus only on the poeple who are really in trouble?
With doing this I know realize that I am not cut out for Hollywood and that I now know why I never got into acting.
I plan on starting to get things ready for Christmas and for the holidays.
You are going to marry Ashton Kutcher.
