It all sounds like fun, well except for the cleaning part... Well, it seems I accidently left my Axim on for too long which drained the battery and erased all my stuff.
I have never updated my site this regularly, is it a good thing?
There are a few more I install, however I will update this post later in the day I was playing the E3 Alpha of GuildWars which looks quite intresting.
I just started reading Choke by Chuck Palahniuk (author of fight club).
Feel free to ask any questions you may have.
Just what I needed to start the new year.
If your an active (lucky) user, just sign in and look on the right hand side to see if you've won the gmail lottery!
Go to Start->Run and type: regsvr32 shimgvw.
I had a great time on friday night eating some dinner at the cali cafe and catching a friday night feature.
With some free time on saturday I finally beat KoTOR (my first game beaten on the xbox).
I wish I had taken my camera and snapped some photos.
Mmm.....can't wait till my next cup.
Why do you grow out of that phase?
I updated my DVD collection, so head on over and take a look He's back!
Ever have something stange happen in Windows XP, for example stuff that was in the right-click menu are missing?
This is the Beastie Boys.
With me getting more into a couple of shows and trying to tape shans stuff the 30hrs are constantly full.
I must say however, that just after the mid point Knights of The Old Republic really picks up the story line, you gain tons of force powers and I am really enjoying trying to get to the end of the story line.
I also have some screen shots which you can view below.
Thats right no coffee for 6 days.
Fine, I upgraded the script (luckily the folks at textism.
We did not approve your application for the reasons listed below.
Update: Well, I finally got a chance to sit down and really listen to the new CD and its quite a new direction for the genre.
I need to work up the motivation to push live the new design.
This CD isn't so much as what you expect from a Drum n Bass CD, its really pushing the current standards and limits by mixing trance, dnb and electro breaks into a jazzy soundscape.
I think I turned 70 years old today, I am not really sure.
God this guy is freaky/creepy/scary.
I am off to check it out!
I am getting impatient here!
With every breath we shall hunt them down.
I hardly think my site is vulgar.
I mean who wants to waste time working?
Unfortuanly I had to end the good times with the pain in my stomach (and a slight headache from missing my coffee today).
Something’s gotta happen soon, right?
Maybe those kids are on to something...then again maybe not.... New site design is going up soon, catch a preview.
com/inboxer/hoaxes/kaufman.
I guess the dark juices stopped flowing.
I just redid TheOcean's website as well as converted my site to completely CSS (yay, no tables!)
I pride myself on having enormous amounts of patience, however lately I am the most impatient person I have ever met.
Key enhancements include: - improved file sharing and directory services for Mac (AFP), UNIX (NFS), PPTP, and wireless networks - improved OpenGL technology and updated ATI and NVIDIA graphics drivers - improved disc burning and recording functionality - iPods connected via USB 2.0 are now recognized by iTunes and iSync - additional FireWire audio and USB device compatibility - updated Address Book, Mail, Safari, Stickies, and QuickTime applications - improved compatibility for third party applications - previous standalone security updates  For detailed information on this Update, please visit this website: http://www.
So I looked more into this and found a bunch of other sites being affected like these: site, site, site, site, site, site, site, site all from a simple google seach.
Pics I bought this weekend -  urlLink 14x14  and  urlLink 24x16 .
Both with a similar theme of graffiti.
Sat was also a really cool (but hot!)
Do not kill, do not rape, to not steal.
The Graphics engine they are using is really nice and there is an almost painterly feeling to the game.
Its creating waves of impatient people.
First it was spamming my comments with their website urls, so I disable comments after a week or so, and banned their IPs from commenting.
I just recently started playing again in the desolute barren wake of no games out to play.
However be aware there is new licensing that has teh entire community in outrage.
com/id/4933551/  His Blog:http://andykaufmanreturns.
Upgrade the Tivo's harddrive.
com About Mac OS X 10.3.4 Update The 10.3.4 Update delivers enhanced functionality and improved reliability for Mac OS X v10.3 "Panther" and is recommended for all users.
Today I will be reinstalling all my apps, here are some more that I find useful.
There are varying degrees of evil.
See all the states I have visited!
WisBar Advanced converts your almost useless menu into something functional, its the first thing I install.
Then I banned them from reffering AND from ever visiting my site.
I think its time to fire up the winabago and drive to Ft. Laurderdale.
Happy Mothers Day One of the more difficult things I fought with trying to get this css layout, was the different margins that IE6 and Mozzilla display for the same margin width.
My new projects that I am trying to complete are as follows: Spring cleaning in my apartment.
On a side note, I feel for all you unlucky folks with cars.
Who thought picking a color scheme for my site would be this difficult.
Fine, I have accepted the fact we get junk mail, I don't even see the subject in my inbox anymore, I delete them so fast.
Its not that I don't know my colors, its just that I can't seem to find a 4 color group that is really what I want.
We shall flow a river forth to thee, and teeming with souls shall it ever be.
We do not want your tired and sick.
lately, mostly push-ups and sit-ups and I have noticed something.
Being so bored also let me understand the power of blogging (another tool of the single and bored).
Next up is SysWatch which puts your memory, cpu usage, etc.
I am talking about the never ending tide of people hawking the penis pills, diplomas and overseas casinos.
com were aware of this already), working the php to prevent mass fake refferers, dumping my database, yadda yadda yadda.
The intarweb was abuzz today as numerous reports that Andy Kaufman has played the biggest hoax of them all, faking his own death.
Its like a 3d diablo style type game from what I can tell so far, the free preview is only available for a few days so check it out.
But whats really gotten my goat lately is these fucknuts attacking my site.
I've had my jaw broken 7.
I mean like a total every room, closet, box, etc.
Atleast I will look cooler at starbucks now.
Hopefully everyone else is in the black and is not getting a night time raid from the IRS and Uncle Sam.
*grin*  feel free to email me at themack AT gmail.
You have a sweet plan or one that stinks?
Maybe when your a kid your expectations are low and you assume every movie must suck as much as the last one you just watched.
I gotta go finish my reps. Peace.
Each day we will spill their blood ‘til it rains down from the skies.
Rating: 8/10 Eric is a strange guy, say "Hello" if you see him sometime.
If not please email me the code for the next level.
What ever happened to Mr. Burton, I mean he used to be known for dark gothic flims, now he just makes crap.
It is your evil that will be saught by us.
I feel like I am in one of those stupid "I switched" apple commercials.
Hot damn, Dieselboy's new album Dungeonmster's Guide is about to drop, preview it here.
It is your corrupt we claim.
asp Seems like blogger is giving away gmail invites again.
It was a beautiful day to be walking around one of the better parts of Philadelphia.
Whatelse is a nerd supposed to do?
Yesterday it was 55 degrees, today its a snow storm.
I am watching them in order, and finally reached episode 28 - Krazy Eyez Killah.
In the blazin heat I managed to snag 2 really sweet peices.
-Boondock Saints So, I got an email from sprintpcs about being a loyal customer (4 years now!)
Sat night I headed out to NYC to play some video games, lol.
Thanks to a super nice guy named Tom, who was kind enough to invite me into gmail, I can finally see what all the hype is about.
