"so he would sulk and drink and mope and cross his arms and hope to die..." TELL ME WHAT TO DO!
However, three minutes later she fell down dead.
I think I'm going to go veg infront of the TV while watching the princess bride and pray that the tylenol I just took kicks in soon.
hmmmmm... well make it make sense and turn off the damn vcr from now on.
He's told me So many times How he hates Her, her, and her And yet He always greets them With such a smile It makes me wonder If I'm Not one of them Too   Good times last night.
All in less than two hours.
Of course, you'll probably hear about it by next year... but oh well, like I really give a damn.
Now I'm tired, and will sleep.
I should take what I can get and be thankful for it.
~Kristin    (Later)  Or at least, I  did .
You fit into me    You fit into me  like a hook into an eye    a fish hook  an open eye Steps for making my day even better:  1.
...  Oh well, good night, sweet prince.
What the Fuck is Wrong with Me?
I like to act because I get to put on a mask, and escape reality for a bit.
Sorry, back to the real world (I got lost there for a sec) So today I went to church and then to southwic to learn that the walden's book store was already closed.
Music is needed in this play, and I play it well.
he had such a beautiful voice.
I think I'm going to leave.
Sometimes life just isn't fair.
There are only a few select people I would ever wish this on!
I couldn't get my teeth to stop chattering, and my body to stop shivering, so I was just laying there half alseep for a half an hour.
I find it hard to think straight anymore.
That is how it works... so I'm told... Did you know you can buy land on the moon now?
Zach and Lilly playing together made my day.
Seriously, it's one of the funniest plays I've ever seen in my entire life.
I really wish I had a hug right now.
I want to go back three months and start there again.
Good night baby, I'll see you tomorrow Good night baby, see you in the morning Good night baby, Never forget me Cause, my good night baby, I love you Drink up, baby, look at the stars I'll kiss you again, between the bars Where I'm seeing you there, with your hands in the air Waiting to finally be caught ~Between the Bars  I'll tell you why I Don't want to know where you are I got a joke I've been Dying to tell you  A silent kid is looking Down a barrel To make the noise that I  Kept so quiet  Kept it from you, Pitseleh  I'm not what's missing From your life now I could never be the Puzzle pieces  They say that God makes problems Just to see what you could stand Before you do as the Devil pleases  Give up the thing you love  No one deserves it  The first time I saw you I knew it would never last I'm not half what I  Wish I was  I'm so angry I don't think it'll ever pass And I was bad news for you Just because I never meant to hurt you ~Pitseleh   Poor Elliott Smith... just one of those songs you know the very first chord draws you in and you know no matter what it's gonna be good that's how I feel about you after just the first few seconds it doesn't matter what happens next that's how I feel about you just another beautiful song stuck in my head and you so elliott smith is dead.
Especially the naked brad pitt.
"It's such a beautiful day" Yummeow.
That was actually kind of funny.
Off to columbus To see dad and shop...a lot We'll be back sunday I'd really like to give up right about now.
But then, when I do that, it becomes harder and more painful to take the mask off again.
I didn't really want to go home.
Please make me another kind."
Now I have geometry homework to attend to.
Oh yeah man, I'm a real party animal like that.
I'm acting the same way I would be, dad, if you had been here the whole time.
Read, Ramen, and Rebma (amber spelled backwards) Darling Amber came to visit today around 1 with super fun birthday presents.
Then on saturday we're leaving for vermont.
Mom says it's because this summer has been so boring for me that my mind is making up for it in my dreams, but I wish they wouldn't.
I hope... Oh god, is that a wart where she licked me?!?!?
i've been really horrible today.
TACA got canceled again today, due to lack of people showing up.
It was lovely, it really really was.
For the one thing you want the most to come back to you, only to wake up lost again.
As for anyone else... ta.
And of course my kick ass drama shirt I got from states.
i feel good and it feels good so so so good so good why am i so utterly discontent Je vachement detest ma vie.
~Yuan Chen  Holy mother of pearl I've been working on my stupid tome for at least four hours now and I'm only halfway finished.
I was kinda hoping to meet someone I know here, unfortunately the only people I've seen are Andy Schmidt and Nate Cheedle.
Then we went back to his place, only to realize the tv was already in use so we just waited till the big one was free to watch kenshin.
oh god oh god oh god i don't want to be alone... Everyone said I looked beautiful But the person who mattered Everyone said I did so well But the person who mattered Everyone was so eager to see me But the person who mattered I hate to say I still love him Suddenly being the one who doesn't matter   all that shimmers in this world is sure to fade away again.
But I asked if he wanted to help, and he said yes!
I'll stay up till ten, thinking about the view of my neighborhood from my perch in my tree.
I could see it, but there was nothing I could do to stop it.
It's such a peaceful, lovely rain.
I'll sing it one last time for you Then we really have to go You've been the only thing that's right In all I've done  And I can barely look at you But every single time I do I know we'll make it anywhere Away from here  Light up, light up As if you have a choice Even if you cannot hear my voice I'll be right beside you dear  Louder louder And we'll run for our lives I can hardly speak I understand Why you can't raise your voice to say  To think I might not see those eyes Makes it so hard not to cry And as we say our long goodbye I nearly do   Run, by Snow Patrol  Just one more song I want to send you, but won't.
I've lost my mind And I'm so scared I turn up the music To drown out the thoughts that aren't there  I let my head Sink to my knees I know I need help So help me please  The stars begin to fall As do my hopes and dreams Nothings right at all Nothings as it seems Total slaughter Total slaughter I won't leave a single man alive la-de-da-de-die Generals sigh la-de-da-de dud An ocean of blood Lets begin The killing time   I've always had my suspicions that you were no mere mortal, but I never imagined that you were truly... a cat.
Now i am going to sleep, as too much sugar and jack makes for a very very tired kristin.
I also got alex some shoe laces since he was keeping his shoe tied with duck tape.
Well, I watched it, alex fell asleep on my tummy.
It's so wierd, my cell phone tells me it's 8:27, and I'm like nuh-uh honey, it's only half past six!
For now, I'm still waiting for today to end.
So you're forced to wait.
I didn't end up going to the library again like I had planned, but I think (hope) I'll be ok.
I couldn't understand why it seemed like I had so many options to choose from yesterday, when I had made up my mind over a week ago!
I don't see how I could forgive you this time... FOR WHAT YOU'VE DONE TO US!!!!
I know I'm losing it, but I don't know why.
He has wild black hair, and big dark eyes.
Spike "You think I'm Vicious?
I don't have to worry about wheither or not I could say no, because he's lost the will to ask.
Mom says I listen to my music too loudly.
I was so cold I couldn't even get out of bed to get another blanket or something.
It's probably better for him we're not friends anyway, so at least it's not a lose-lost situation we have on our hands.
What are you trying to do to me...  ...friend...
There's nothing I could say To make you try to feel okay And nothing you could do To stop me feeling the way I do And if the chance should happen That I never see you again Just remember that I'll always love you  I'd be a better person  On the other side I'm sure You'd find a way to help yourself And find another door To shrug off a minor incident And make us both feel proud I just wish I could be there to see you through  You always were the one To make us stand out in the crowd Though every once upon a while Your head was in a cloud There's nothing you could never do To ever let me down And remember that I'll always love you    it's called A Minor Incident, and it's by badly drawn boy.
No one can ever run away forever.
so... tired... *falls down* Guess what folks!
I think it might actually be due next week, but at least I finally got my second note card check in today.
*sigh* There is no word in any language that I yet know that seems right enough to describe this.
I can't believe, after all these years, you still have the power to make me cry.
Why the hell did she just do that?
I am one of Balthazar's musicians.
I think that's what hurts the worst.
It's like they've taken everything that was mine away from me.
I guess I was just hoping.
mmmmmmm..... sleep Today was another bad day.
Thanks for the help... friend...
So, taking my umbrella, I walked the five or six blocks it takes to get to his house.
I should stop thinking too much about a situation and just let myself be happy in the moment.
got rob to let my skip rehersal.
people who just don't know talk too much, a mixed blessing.
But I didn't do that either.
I still hate band, but I don't know if I can really quit or not.
Yes, that moca-latte I had this morning was missing chocolate, but it most certainly wasn't missing it's caffine.
Then I broke his cameras and I thought he was going to get really mad at me... but he didn't...
anyway, i'm going to go see the third lord of the rings tonight, and i'm going to have a wonderful time, and then i'm going to come home and it will all start over again.
And then we went to grounds and Joe stalked us there so he sat through dinner with us.
not that you read this... Oh well.
