I'm off to feed my cat and bird, sleep and dream.
I thought he hated me.... i dunno .. i think its wrong cause he stood me up a few times.. but .. i dunno... im asking for trouble.. i know it.. but im desperate.. and he is sweet... just alittle odd at times.... well .. i know... things turn around quick dont they....  Ill get back to u...
In the world.... Its like Einstein ...
I have him in two of my classes french and social.. and ever since  the first day of school for the second semester I've noticed him and I've been watching in awe..
I don't make a good talky person.
I told Jon ... that I felt that i would be better off .. well the situation would be better off if we stopped talking for awhile.. why?
I'm going to play it cool..
have a great night and a great year!
I think my leap of faith has done me good Terrible week.... just terrible.. the biggest exstent of terrible is my week.. this week...... the one im in right  NOW !!!
It inspired me for a poem and I really like it...  THen there is Jon and Jared... Jon well I've always liked him, but I cant sit around wishing for something that cant be there.
I didnt tell him anything but i just kind of let him know there was something going on and he seemed to understand totally and know what solitude is sometimes the best way to go.... that was quite satisfing.... finally someone who understands.....
I've been quick lonely as usual lately and out of no where... Keon calls me... surprise surprise... he said he waited in the foyer ... instead of outside like he originally said... and he got in trouble from his teacher .... while waiting for me... i mean .. once again all he has is a excuse .. but hes offering to make it up to me.. this time avoiding his school all together cause its bad luck and heading off to chanook with me .. on friday... we didnt get to talk much about it cause he had to go shopping for his moms christmas gift .. but he said he would call tonite.... so if he does then.... i will give him a chance if he doesnt call i will deam him just like everyone else... the truth is .. i really like him tho... and i know its wrong for me to give in so much... im just needy .. ill take what i can.. and if something goes wrong i wont dwell on it ... i mean ... im more prepared... but want to do something with someone and hes the only person who has really kept calling and such .... that i can do something with ... so i am needy but so what I HAVE NEEDS lol...
I've been in school for 3 days so far .. at first .. it sucked crap.. now i feel a bit better.. once i get used to everything I'll be happy.. i do miss.. mr. easton though he was a great teacher .. oh and by the way .. i got the highest mark on my English essay i wrote for the first half YAY!!!
Admittedly I did feel the sudden surge of panic when you came to me with your interest  in getting to know me, I myself am an introvert by nature and so I find it difficult to get  to know anybody, especially by the, "hi my name is....." kind of introduction.
I think its time i give up on this stuff for awhile.....im not looking for it.... but i am at the same time...   on another note.... jon's entrys in his journals have been upsetish... he seems to want to talk to me really bad ... i dont see the point im no good at talking lately anyway..
I have a million guys who "love me" that I am sick of and probably 4 guys that want to date me this weekend and do something none of which are Alex and i offically hate guys lol not really but most of them.... anyway mom yelled at me last night and I'm being stalked by a guy who wants me to join his church.
MOOD: MAD!, happy...., kinda mixed other wise  Song- Breathe - by someone... lol Its amazing how something so small can warm your heart and change the way you see everything   Ok, I have to share something with u guys, i was talking to Jon, of course he read my journal entry and he is well... appologizing as much as he can, i dunno... we kinda talked things out... i think im just bitter cause well... everything lately sucks...   but in a cry for someone to talk to ...
more surprizing unexspected... things that will only ever happen to me in a life time.... or  a friend .. someone I can actually talk to ... and someoen who will be interested in me... enough.... or will it just be a constant stream of nothingness... only time will tell but something will and has to change... im dying here    MOOD: Freaked out.... Lonely ..
Thats the last I've heard from him and really, I'm ok with it, I had a feeling it was going no where and I heard he likes some other chick so I'm fine.
He told me he missed me... yesterday .. and wanted to talk more... all i could think was no...
I met this guy named Ryan a few weeks ago, different Ryan then the one that left for Europe a few months ago, who by the way got back and realized he didn't like me anymore.
LOL he said Alex is a catch, I don't know how he got that cause I havnt really caught him, he is more or less an aquantic that i happen to have a huge crush on lol who wont do anythign with me and never has anythign to talk about but hes so ...
Hoping maybe to run into Alex or talk to Kevin or Thomas ... You know I'm starting to notice that.. Kevin.... last periode.. is always walking up to my locker after school and talking to me...,, Its kinda interesting   also i want thinking of starting to write a book .. i wont go into details yet... but ya i thought though i would write that down.. im gunna study for my test tomorrow Last night, I got my reply from Alex... this is what it said   Sorry it took me this long to reply, in all honesty I rarely check the webct mail.
says: so ya ok so i take credit for being a jack ass .~*KriSSie*~.
I have Mrs. Everett as i said before.. she seems ok.. shes one of those people that .. as long as ur good she loves u .. and come ontime and all that stuff.... shes very organised.. which makes me happy and I'm sure I'll kick ass in science this year... shes good at making me smile.. its my lighter period of the day!
They don't even smile ...
I mean.. Mr. unexspression.. can.. smile lol ..
'Dearest Gilly, Sometimes I feel there is a hole inside me.
I've been tired not being able to foccas and GOD I need something.. knew... someoen to care about or someoen who will care about me..
*thinks of alex* i think it will :) 2 days before school is out for spring break ... last peroid i stop to talk to alex at his locker... things seem to be going as normal until he accuses me of looking at his locker com thne get as a studder and try to say i wouldnt do that kind thing .. he walks away right around me to talk to someone else .. no goodbye or anything... ouch... ouch and ouch again...
I'd rather not get into it too much.
... yeah right, theres not life, just time, to do what... nothing  Ok once again I've done crap ... i mean i went out shopping, by myself, i've bought 2 cd's, a book, clothes, and thats it , great eh...... all by myself, and i think i've come to the conclusion im happier doing stuff alone... but god how i wished i had someone to hold me, a movies no fun with an empty seat... and my friends arent fun enough anymore...
well not mad but sad... i want him to come!
I also have been doing a great job with my guitar playing.
I cried that night in his arms and went home choking back the whole day.
I guess I should update you on... life...
and he looked at me and smiled... and it was great.. lol he probably thinks im stalking him.. and I kinda am but .. in a good way .. i mean him no harm........
I miss talking to him tho... he so busy .... anyway goodnight ... tomorrow better be a good day!
I've never seen them but I presume he's pretty good at it.
As for my music.. GOOD all GOOD ... umm I got Jared ( my ex)'s birthday gift ... and its music notes for piano guitar and vocal so im soo happy...
I'm not pushing it this time though, I'm going to take my time on this and see what happens.
lol .. maybe this is my break.. this is a guy i can pick.. and fight for .. im sick of guys coming to me .. im going to go after alex.. it may take me a bit tho.. and he may not like me ... but come what may .. im sure as hell going to try !
-Alexander    what an amazing guy...
I need to get richer first though.
If steve's taught me anything, it would be take my time.
I don't want to get deep into the stalker thing.
I've been reading my old journal entrys and i feel like such a fool.
I got a watch today ... its really pretty I'm quite fond of it... actually  anyway on to another point...
The guy I liked he well, told me not to call him anymore.
Of not going to sleep each night wanting.
Anyway, it was fun, we talked about nothing and a lot all at the same time.
he has to!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He's kicking Jeremys ass so bad... but yet i feel alittle.. well I'm happy but not...
Because of what Obnes said.
I also got to school early and I got to spend basically all morning alone reading.. Until Fred joined me for a little conversation..
He looks good but I'm totally pissed about how he treated me.
But as we all know, with the good comes the bad and that's surely what happened.
I doubt he even thinks about me too much.
so he said "forget it"... a day after he broke up with  Mrs. X  and now...
says: .... fine.. ill talk to u later .~*KriSSie*~.
and there was one point where we were walking by a huge steep rock clif thing and there were all of these mountain goats huddled over us never taking their eyes off of us ( my brother Cindy and I) it was amazing.
thats about it.. really.... im not going to get much into what my mom has been yelling at me about cause.. i really dont want to talk about it... but Jon i do miss talking to u .. im sorry i havnt been online alot and i hope your doing ok.....   thats all i really ahve to say ....  i also got... new cds .. stone temple pilots.... and 3 goo goo dolls cds and alisha keys so thats cool.. anyway talk to u alter   Song: Iris - Goo Goo Dolls Mood: I'm alright ok so monday is long gone and its wednesday night... it's still cold outside .. but that hasnt really stood in the way of me getting outside and going over to his house.
Everytime I turn around I see him.
I don't want to believe it but there is no man, Gilly, only that moon.'
I slowly trudge along, but when i get to the lights, i notice, Danielle had gotten off the 20... that right she got right off of it   "WHY?"
besides that ...  oh wait!
I feel bad...for leaving him like that but... things arent the same between us.... and i cant see it getting any better.. anyway he's baggin for me to talk to him next week and like work something out .. so i will but im not promising anything..... i dont know why he needs my friendship so bad.. what have i ever done for him.. he just thinks I've helpe dhim through everything but... it was all him... i didnt do much i just reminded him of other possibilies... i dunno maybe im going crazy .. and if i am hes better off not talking to me anyway   Off of the sad stuff... Dallas and I are doing great and he is still calling me... and it's kinda funny .. cause i met his brother and one of his ex's .. on thursday when we got together and ... well his brother likes to bugg dallas alot like.. most syblings.. i just think its funny that ... no matter how old u get it never stops...and his ex.. well no comment... i mean i dont know much about her.. but i think im better then her..
I think hes totally serious this time... hes coming over to my house tomorrow .. and we're meeting in a grave yard.. by my house... kinda interesting place to meet.. but if he shows up its all good....
... anyway i think im done writing for the day.. i know my ...  entries havnt been very entertaining or nothing.. but once school starts back up ill have a hell of a lot more things to say i promise!
I dont have much to say about it anyway.
I've been blind folded and tied up from everything around me and I prety much did it to myself.
I'll have to learn from it .. like everything else.. who knows what will happen.
I'm better then that.... *sigh* im scared...  so in regards to how my day was.. it kinda balences out ..... i dont know what to do... but i made knew friend.. who somehow reminds me of jon .... but different.... anyway have a good night....everyone I was talking to Alex today after a hard day of things i would like to leave unmentioned for awhile.... but in this conversation there was something said that warmed my heart so quickly   Kristen - "Sorry I'm not talking too much" Alex - " It's ok, I'm not either; but it doesn't bother me" then he looked at me and smiled  wow... what a way to end a aweful day Standing On The Edge Lyrics  I'm not asking for much But I need a little time to find What it is I want And is it you this time?
I also got a 90 on my poem i presented and im awesome.
SO what are we becoming, what is to be?
I mean .. it was an adventure... well for me anyway...
SO tomorrow i will seek out alone time and relax!
I still love him to death.. anyway i should get goin... im gunna go watch a movie or somethin   Song: DJ Sammy- Heaven  Mood: In Love On a very very very high demand from someone i know by the name of Jon ..
I also have realized I have been spoiled.
I got a capo for my guitar and i have yet another guy at the age of 23 who is interested in me.
Mood: I'm alright  Song: Nelly Furtado - Try a lot has happened in the past while and I'm sorry for the lack of updatness...I have a million things that I've been up to.. lots of studying.. adn stressing.. and of course i've gone out with dallas... a few nights ago.. he got me a dozen roses and we had pizza and hung out .. it was great... mom knows about him now.. or atleast that I'm seeing him... the problem is.. she thinks he goes to my school and I'm afraid to correct her.. and if she finds out he's 22 im dead.. and i could lose him for good... my brother is going insaid when it comes to Dallas... he's very protective.. and its weird... anyway i wrote up a 2 page remake of green eggs and ham for a drama project and I have a feeling I'll do alright with it...
MOOD: Scared, Happy, Slightly Hyper, Kinda Cold, thats it..  Song: Jacks Obsession - Nightmare before Christmas..   PS!
He was everything wanted but I meant nothing to him in that way and to make this long battle a short story, I dropped the hat and we're best friends now.
Not much else is knew everything is back to normal... Aside from all the guys still after me.
And now what can I say I'm so far away waiting for the day when  I'll be standing in your eyes In your eyes  So hear me now i'll scream out loud can't figure out how you entered into my world And I fall down Ooooh.
so i get up to the building .... and i didnt know if i wanted to go in or not... i mean .. this guy has never seen me before.. and i mean i've seen a picture of him.. but i forget these things....i didnt memorise his face or anything.. mind u .. i think he looks cuter now then in his pictures .. but ya i went inside.. it was all good...
A sign of trouble not far behind.
Besides.. it's weird cause.. Danielle has dated both keon and jeremy at one point... i kinda just interested in them cause they were there... and thats stupid.. very stupid of me.. how can I be happy with people like that...  No this time with Dallas..
I'm kinda shy around his mom... i really dont know.. how to act or.. talk or anything.. and i dunno.. i guess im just shy ...   anyway .. i got home.. and all i can do .. is think about Dallas... just everything that happened today it all fresh in my memory .. i can still feel him and smell him.. and i remember puting my hands in his pockets.. and his eyes... wow :| .. is eyes are amazing!..
I'd drop Mr. X as quick as i could... if I could have Jon lol... sorry anyway   GOODNITE!
School was almost out, The sky's were blue, my heads in the clouds (as usual) and it seems like nothing could go wrong.
But Mr. Jon over here seemed to think he needed to help us with our problems and then suddenly he was involed.
That's what is happening... Everything I have believed .. That makes me the most special person has been destroyed and I haven't said a single word about how I feel to anyone.
I promise you this is the crazyest thing I have ever done espeically over email, but I would feel more stupid coming up to you in class and just saying I want to get to know you.
I mean most of the time I had to follow him around ... so he could work.. but I thought it was fun.. and most of the people that worked there didn't seem to mind at all .. and a few talked to me... i actually felt at home there... and Dallas is just amazing..
I mean I had to .. most of the time.. so he could work.. and his boss .. is kinda... interesting.. you cant tell what he is thinking.. so I tend to want to be good around him .. lol plus I dont want to get Dallas in trouble... and I'm going there again.. whether they want me to or not... so I might as well keep a good rep....   when he holds me... its great... he means it and i got to door flirt lol ... no really.. he had his hand on the door... he was leaning against it and talking to a few people .. and i dunno i was looking at his hand.. and i was thinking to myself.. i wanna touch his hand... but he was talking to people.. and i didnt want to .. but i did.. so i like brushed my finger against his ... and he looked at me and smiled so i basically got total permission .. to hold his hand.. while he was taking to the people.. and the best part was .. he held back..as odd as it sounds.. taht really made me happy... because keon didnt do that.. i would touch his hand.. and that would be it.. he wasnt interested at all .. and im like grrr... i dunno its odd.. i just get so.... intriged by small things.... and when he reads this he's either going to be happy and thinking im odd .. or just happy lol... but i dunno .. it was great .. there is so much to say that I loved about it.. but it basically all comes down to ...
I'm going swimming with him tomorrow.... and saturday .. im SUPPOSed To be going skiing with him my brother and cindy but .... dallas might not be able to come.. and im mad!!!!!
i wish he would notice me the same way.
I've gotten to get to know dallas's brother and his gf .. alittle better now.. they have some over a few times to dallas's house.. and his brother... is quite the rapster... lol he's a very interesting person.. and his gf connie who used to go out with dallas is.... well i dunno.. she seems like the type who is kinda controling.. likes to joke around alot and she also goes along with whatever is going on around her.. she doesnt seem to have a mind over her own.. but i dont really know much about her.... im probably wrong .... sept maybe the controling part... i hate the way she looks at dallas tho.. she like belittles him... and i dont think thats fair...   i got guitar stings and oboe reeds in the past while.. been playing alot of music and stuff.... i have these weeks off.... so i might as well be productive.. once school starts im going to be busier then hell tho... im afraid of next simester... social, french, science and band/gym..... ahhhhhh!
I'll be playing it forever... and so far that is it for my life....   so I will let u guys know anything else interesting that turns up in my life....
