I am starting to worry, and I have to work tomorrow.
I told my current employer I had to go to the dentist.
I am being so pushed/pulled a by my job.
October    urlLink   Which month are you?
I have actually told my son that we dont beleive in virgin birth in my house.
I was just thinking about other stuff, I guess.
My husband works for another store in my company.
mmmm  O crap, anyhow, I am in a funk.
I was only  full of attitude because I felt guilty about disappointing you.
On the other hand, apparently people have complained about my meanness.
I feel the same about my best friend.
com   quizzes and personality tests.
I do not wish that anything was different.
Oh, by the way, that woman who called the family in Indiana to say that she was their missing daughter is EVIL.
Lets face it, times up)  Ok, all I can think of now.
No, I am not defending Polanski's actions, but how different is what each of them did, thats all I'm saying.
And that is a fine thing, and I love her and miss her more than anything.
Like the strange and awful glee that has been around lately at the killing of Husseins sons.
brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla I sure hope this works, I have such bad luck with this stuff.
mmmmm,  then again, I dont play well with others, and loathe most of the creepy, self important, psuedo- intellectual spuds who populate cyber space.
brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla    Top Ten Reasons why Beer is better than Jesus  10.
The next outcome is really sad, because I have watched the damn show so much I knew exactly what to answer .
Lately, I have to remind my self alot, only because I am trying to overcome my own mind.
I still feel like a little kid.
I should have gone to college straight out of high school and actually used my brain.
I went on vacation, she called in all week.
On one hand, I have been told I am too nice.
I am six feet tall, with hair about 1 inch all over, becaus some stupid twat at Fantastic Sams cant figure out the picture I showed her.
I am in a mad quiz mood,somebody stop me!!
I have never been able to join any chat room or group without someone pissing me off, or just being plain rude.
I thought how sad it was that instead of running outside and playing like little children, they were miserable and running on the indoor tracks.
How will you get out of this nightmare?
I  got a huge sob story about alchol abuse, his family, eating disorders bla bla bla.
But even when I tried to explain, he just got more pissed off.
I went to Walmart, which is ok, but it is like a white trash time warp when you go in there.
(And my husband, hee hee) Thank goodness we will be moving next April.
She also showed photographs of monkeys and invited fairgoers to note the differences between her uncle and the monkeys.
And the "pretty" one did not have her sister in her wedding, presumably because she was unattractive.
i was rejected, because of my asthma.
Like (dont be offended out there) the stero typical dyke.
mmm ooh, my son is playing with my Gary Oldman doll.
I shrink in the face of authority, instead of being confident.
Okay, not the best representation of the species, but my god, try not to act so damn happy about it.
Its like Quincy trying to "rap" with the punks on a VSE).
Why werent you thinking of them then?
- Lord Francis Jeffrey   I only mangle when provoked.
And just for the record, I did not have an idyllic childhood, and just wished my Mom had been home more.
But, now I realize that allot of the things I dreamt of are not to be.
I am extremely upset and annoyed by the company for this.
If pressed I think of it as a Pagan ritual.
Oh well, everyone cant be as fabulous as me and my friends.
Cassidy has conclusively shown that her uncle is no monkey.
Damn it all urlLink  src="http://test3.thespark.
I acheived a perfect 8 on the Invisibles.
The world will not end if I am not perfect, or always there.
If he wasnt  who he is, it would be a freaking Jerry Springer episode.
Nothing, just like Cher I just liked this quote&nbsp; urlLink     urlLink The Force is strong with this one....&nbsp; urlLink     urlLink Finally!
I thought about how I am a 35 yr old woman, I have grey hair and stretch marks,but I am beautiful.
THEY WERE NOT MEANT TO HAVE CHILDREN> Its not for everyone, and I respect so much all the people I know who realize and acknowledge that.
To keep driving after you mow down actual human beings is stupidity.
But, its only really a little annoying when you think about it.
I am still decompressing, of course.
Of course not, they cant ask anyway.
brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla     Now lets act like that was a big stupid surprise.
I am a straight girl in love.
But to let someone cut your face open, and suck fat out of you and make yourself completely unrecognizable?
Whoo Hoooo   I am free from the evil she beast running rampant at the Coffee bean and tea leaf.
Well, blow things up, out of proportion.
Created with  urlLink Rum and Monkey 's  urlLink Name Generator Generator .
urlLink Take The Star Trek Alien Name Generator today!
com , a let him know, as I have, that there are much worse things on the net than that little message, and we all should tell him how we feel about his little bit of self righteous crap.
And hundreds of children asking Satan for Legos have found themselves buried alive inside colorful, pricey tombs made of the famous inter-locking bricks.
The answer to that is all.
Extreme Movie Maven   Two thumbs up.
I want to collect unemployment .
Serious theatre seems to be dying anyway.
Its like 1975 kmart all over again.
They are mostly so stupid my head hurts, and never gently correct their urban legend-forwarded-to-everyone posts with actual facts, they hate that.
hahahaah I think I blinked, 'cause I missed it.
I am a little scared about money, but I am so Zen about it.
I get to soapbox my thoughts, and feel content knowing that at least somewhere they are out there.
I am in serious danger of being an old codger, I think.
Ok, nothing with the word "turd" in it shall pass my lips.
I really should think up some new passwords.
But,I dont think she will, I think she is trying to make it so awful I quit, because if you fire a pregnant girl, you are open for lawsuits.
Everyone you love has either died or you locked them in the basement to prevent further deaths.
Please , the handbook says you can have neatly trimmed facial hair, and I had a GIRL working for me with a beard.
Oh well, I cut and pasted just like it said.
Prize winners include:   Elementary School Level -- 1st Place: "My Uncle Is A Man Named Steve (Not A Monkey)."
I cant beleive they are actually making a "Producers" movie.
Customers bother me, I say "it's only coffee".
urlLink A Rum and Monkey crime.
urlLink Jesus-With You Always  This is no joke.
Perhaps I will just make soap.
I love my Husband, not in a "ooh, he has great potential" way, but for all his wonderful human frailities.
And you like the occasional Martini!
Beer does not tell you how to have sex.
I used to say that it wasnt the placenta, it was your brain.
Well, they have reconnected over breast implants and tummy tucks.
hahahahah href="http://www.
