I look better now and I'm going to bed soon to get lots of rest so there better not be any hives raining on my parade!
Made me feel like I was abusing him even though the doc said no food.
Also you can join "tribes" or community groups of people with similar interests where you can exchange recipes or talk about music or whatever else floats your boat.
Plus I've spent the last two years not really caring and not going out.
This has got to be my most favorite snack of all time.
Is there a 12 step group for Pearl Tea Addicts?
Now let's see if anyone joins.
I'm looking forward to it.
I happen to really like The Streets and no one else had really heard them before.
Honestly I'm feeling fat, unattractive and very alone.
Also be sure to put in the http:// before your URL in the Hompage field or the link won't work when you leave your comment.
I was wearing my big boots which have 4 1/2 inch heels on them!
and threw into the audience (she had her white tank top underneath).
I moved here when I was 15 and this is the longest place I've ever lived.
At least they're both great around big crowds.
Toby is wonderful and I'm really lucky to have such a perfect, wonderful, well behaved dog.
You can only play it with a friend via MSN Messenger 6.
Just seems like no one's buying cause no one has a job.
I have to head off to my dog training class soon.
Raul's wedding is coming up quick!
This was particularly helpful when it was 100+ degress in paris last year during the August heatwave when we were there.
Well  Friendster  got really popular and then it got to be a real pain to use.
Plus they seemed to know exactly what to take and what to leave.
The last thing I picked up for this years trip was  Paris Revisited: The Guide for the Return Traveler .
Sure it's nice to have whatever you want and the best of the best but that doesn't mean you have to waste your money.
I spent the entire weekend playing  Age of Mythology  until the wee hours of the morning with Chris, Fred and Scott.
Stage #3—Rich  This is when you suddenly become the richest person in the world.
Anyway... it's an epidemic!
Of course, the clever Craigslist community just could not let this one go unnoticed:   re: My boyfriend is really mean to me  ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Date: 2004-01-29, 9:59AM PST Please tell me you aren't serious.
I'll be adding more items next week but this is just to get started.
And Sam if you ever read this, I'm sorry I was such an ass (understatement of the century) to you when we broke up and I hope one day you can accept my profound apologies on the matter.
Oh the  Anon Salon  party Saturday night was SO MUCH FUN.
We ate lots of great ethnic foods (since Virginia seems to have a shortage of good ethnic food)and did some sightseeing.
I wasn't into joining a meat market site like match.
This is going to be such a great trip.
Making soap and fizzy bath balls is fun and easy though.
Anyways, after I replanted the thing I went to pick up Chris at the airport and head down to Santa Cruz.
I will hopefully be able to catch that one.
Maybe it's the June wedding thing then you get pregnant 3 months later or something like that.
Freaked out at every little thing he did, not sure if I could deal.
They are big framed prints.
I saw and talked to Akemi a girl I knew from the Rockabilly scene who's still going out with Barry after 5 years!
May be permanent must be treated often with eye ointment.
It makes me appreciate it that much the more.
Then we'll be going to a party afterwards.
You got me there Kevin, you own the joint but you can't take a price out of the computer??
It's definitely going to be a BIG one.
So I was brought up with the concept of heaven and hell and what you need to do to go to the better of the two.
It was interesting, a bit hard to hear and lots of people there but good information and hand outs.
My indoor thermometer is reading 79 degrees right now.
They pretty much explained just about everything you might have wondered about the story line.
Plus the name too of course.
Sorry for the lack of posts.
Okay so I was scoping out someone else's blog and saw the coolest thing.
She would have been a great cameo!
And before I forget the last bit of my story, folks at work and friends all offered their help with Toby if I ever need it.
Or force myself to at least.
Duh me but there's a friggin' huge park including an off leash area for dogs a block from here.
It actually seems rather creepy to me.
I did get pretty emotional about the whole thing.
Your willingness to look beyond the surface for other qualities shows that you are grounded in reality when looking for a relationship.
He also throws a great monthly party there as well.
I did manage at one point to talk to him for a bit which was fun.
I was saying to my friend Katherine that it reminds me of being some place like Palm Springs.
Ben and I haven't hung out 6 or 7 years probably.
Should have waited a day.
Like last weekend was pretty quiet.
I will no longer have to paste them and add     tags around my little headers again.
Plus it has great car reviews on it and is reputable.
In fact I think if I lived in the city I'd be out almost every night since it would be easier for me to get out and about with friends.
There were also some sfnetter folks there like Shadow Phredd aka Marissa who I didn't talk to but I saw her there.
I did go out and get lots of gut stuffing (another ow) comfort food aka Ethiopian food at Zeni on Saratoga Ave.
urlLink    Alexis & I   urlLink    Cristy & Poppy   urlLink    The Hot Rollers  urlLink    Work It!
First stop London for four days then Paris for six.
To make matters more complicated we're having Tapas which means that people will be sharing small plates and who knows who's eating how much.
I mean only the good ones of course, the rest is BS.
I can't believe it's almost New Years.
I'm on it for 9 days only though thank god.
I'd like that Lulu Guiness weiner dog purse please.
So would I recommend Deadwood?
The best site to view the pattern photos with links is on the  Knitting Garden  website.
So yes, while it started out slow it sure picked itself up later on!
I got this quilt in the mail today that my grandmother made me for my birthday this year.
Friday I took off for a long weekend in Seattle.
I just have to figure out the best way to do it.
The bride walked down the aisle to "What a Wonderful World" by Louis Armstong.
dll?ViewItem&item=2599803342   I can't believe that woman posted that on the Survivor Board on  Tribe  with a straight face.
Man can that woman hold her alcohol!
He was surprised to see me since it had been years and years since I'd last seen him.
They asked me if I was a horror afficionado and I said definitely!
Kingdom Hospital has an evil dead boy and a good dead girl with bad makeup jobs.
urlLink    Carnival Crowd Free plug for my friend Theo's band who will be doing a short tour of the Pacific Northwest.
That means he has lost about $45 billion, more money than anyone in history."
The "Steve, Don't Eat It!"
The bride also wore an orange dress which she made.
I've also learned that Toby goes crazy for Injera.
Which is a bummer since Dumbledore is such an important character in the series.
This really sucks because there were some funny profiles, such as the one I listed in the last entry, that will eventually lose their photos.
I guess it's too long and complicated to go into here but all I can say is that I'm really sorry that he feels like that and I hope that one day he'll want to try and work out the friend thing.
I miss traveling sometimes.
