Choice Quote:  "It's one thing to watch Sunshine, another thing to BE Sunshine"  Music:  Mentalfloss spinning House  Mood:  The fire within is burning  Food:  BBQ Cheese Burger I only got up to six sneezes yesterday, talk about premature sneezulation!
IT'S NOT GOING TO KILL YOU AND IT *MIGHT* JUST SAVE THE ENVIRONMENT.
-The bugs absolutely ate me alive.
We await confirmation of the minor places but it seems that Ullrich was third, Basso fourth and Landis fifth.
Can't remember if the kitchen had a dishwasher or not, but definately a double-sink.
Maybe I'm getting water into system by osmosis?
I've semi-decided that I'm going to buy new golf clubs this year as the Top Flite Magna clubs are getting a little short and just not as comfortable as I expect things to be.
Not sure where/how the fabric will come together, but I'll own a dome.
Jamie: "Because in this case I know I'm right and have more information than you do"  Mood:  Sunny & Bright  Food:  Hot Chocolate, Pizza for lunch!
I really have to figure out what is wrong with my right wrist, left knee, right ankle because they are starting to affect how I play sports.
Much bigger mental head fuck ya know?
Can't decide what I want to eat.
But then I started digging around  urlLink his blog  a little and found a link to  urlLink her blog .
-Challenge yourself and your spirit by existing in a weekend of perpetual rain!
On the way back from the Detroit BM Decomp last fall, we stopped in at an Arby's that had a line longer than my well, it was pretty long.
So if you could kindly  BE QUIET!
I prefer cute, intelligent and with a little wild side - (preferably saved for the bedroom :) While it's in my mind, Jen had a pretty interesting post on her blog today ( urlLink http://eiram.
-Woke up in a deflated air mattress - got accused of having a vibrator in my tent.
Sunshine showed me I still have a long way to go on that aspect, but potential and desire definately there.
And yet, strangely, it was a happy-go-lucky experience to converse and share the moments where that was the case.
With things being as busy as they are my brain hasn't had a lot of time to think about things which I usually enjoy blogging about so even if I were posting it wouldn't be very blogworthy reading I guess.
I figure next week I'll make time at night to start 'Learn flash in X days' websites and such as by the middle of July I may have the opportunity to work that skillset within the workplace.
Somehow ended up missing 4 struts, but dome was stable enough to climb, hang things, etc.
Dear people of earth, If you could kindly stop all the noise that has been happening this morning I would greatly appreciate it.
This one went well beyond the first in bringing nearly every storytale / fable I could imagine into the mix.
We arrived all well and good, and went to their meet & great diner that evening.
So yeah, in this movie with the character maybe played by Kirk, he's a hockey coach of a junior hockey team and the child star wants to play even though he's hurt and the coach won't let him play if he can't hold a stick at the middle and turn his wrist all the way in each direction.
As people who used to live with me know, about once every 3 months I'm destined to try a new room layout.
This weekend I'm heading out into the boonies of Quebec again for a 1-pitch softball tournament.
I do believe a self-made shirt that says "Hyperintelligent Pan-Dimensional Being" on the front and "Would you care for a game of Brockian Ultra-Cricket?"
I guess you didn't know I wasn't gay dumbass!"
I expect this will grow in the coming days and hopefully just be a hip pointer that heals full well unlike the rest.
-Sketchyness & Drama - People who can't handle things shouldn't do them.
But instead I have a better, real-life story:  It's 5AM, little Jamie is happily sleeping in his bed - actually having a great dream about a huge house party and him involved in a smut-puddle-threesome on a bed in the living room (except the weird part is one girl had a mouth that kissed like a boat propeller under suction or something) - when his door opens and a rather sizeable man bellows "You don't belong here!"
So when Andrew asked me if I knew Emily who aparently talks to him about the some of the same haunches that I frequent I goffed at him.
I should go get my glove back from it!"
I also sneezed 7 times yesterday to set the record higher...
While it's not the same as watching it on tv - which they are also showing all live coverage each day - it is almost better because you have to imagine the riders charging up the mountain.
Noticing more of my friends are on livejournal rather than blogger.
This slow-building thing is very enjoyable but equally frustrating.
com/ ) about what I'd summarize as 'standard male tendencies, age/relationship tendencies and other associated discourse'.
Malcovitch, Malcovitch, Malcovitch!
-Travel @ night / @ day with more variety of people...It's not all about individualism.
I can also call it the best regional Burn of the year because it appears the only one!
Have decided I must buy that Loblaw's BBQ because it's got a HUGE grillspace and looks awesome.
Me: Get out of my house (and yell louder for other roommate to assist in situation) Him: Don't push me I'm drunk Me: I know you are, and you're in my house, now GET OUT!
Hehehe, just call me office voyeur!
It does very bad things to my sewer system :( I just finished re-reading The HitchHiker's Guide to the Galaxy...A pre-requisite since it's been a year (and the first time it was as an audio CD whilst travelling down the 401 so didn't get the full appreciation of it).
It is truly amazing how far animation has come since Mickey was whistling showboat tunes back in the 1930's.
That particular Jen happens to be a new, decently good friend of mine with  urlLink her own blog .
There's bad busy and good busy.
-Buy a pair of wild cat eye contact lenses to go with the.... -Buying &amp; building of a 25' (14' high) geodesic dome that will look like a cat head when decorated -Work at ice camp -MORE COSTUMES - with 45 days left there's still lots of time but it feels like so little.
Starting Aug 1st I'll be living above Rideau just off King Edward in a great one-bedroom apartment.
&nbsp;  I had never gone there previously, but my impressions from the outside were always that it was a relatively happening place.
Choice Quote:  You're money and you don't even know it!
The mechanical engineer states that God must also be a mechanical engineer because "if you look at all the pulleys and levers that drive the body, how the tendons and muscles and bones all work together, well, it's just amazing."
While I left there feeling generally satisfied, in part because of the one lesbian girl of our group with whom I gathered a good repore and inquissitiveness as to whether L might be better described as B, the actual internals of the bar were quite surprising.
Choice Quote:  "There were some people who didn't even try to get onto the field on Sunday morning and other's who just shouldn't have tried to do it!"
Choice Quote:  ShitHawk  Music: Paul O - Havana '99  Mood:  Sore & Satisfied  Food: None I'm *SO* hungry right now it's not even funny.
Encapsulated with I learned from past relationships pretty well.
The most novel thing was finding 'Who's line is it anyways' type uses for an oversized martini glass.
Of the Moments...   Music:  That stupid Seal "I believe I can fly" song is stuck in me...
Warming up I can throw a disc quite ok, but in the game I can't see to hit (#$*&.
conversations I have, the more appealing the 'pick-up-life, relocate-to-sunny-climate, start-something-new' approach sounds appealing.
-Me: "Sure, call me when your downtown" *click*    Of the Moments...   Music:  Bjork & Mindy  Mood: Tired, Muggy  Food: Grilled Cheese followed by beer & bar foods "Do you know Joe from Canada?"
He has just taken the lead away from Kloden in the closing 25 meter of the 204.5km 17th stage.
The stories go he's not going to be coming back to CBC, so not like he doesn't have anything better to do :)   Of the Moments...
Peggy was a great route, it's so much more about problem solving outdoor.
While there is drama and controversy surrounding Lance, the first question people ask is still "Can he win?"
One of the staff was sitting on the ground holding the same homeless person in her lap trying to console her.
He (quite talented I must give him credit) manages to keep his head cranked back looking at swimsuit woman while he completes his turn, doesn't catch the eye of his passenger (presumably wife or GF) and proceeds down the opposite direction of Dalhousie from me.
Mood:  Happy Go Lucky with a dash of whimsy  Food:  Pizza for lunch....again.
If you don't fall - are you really pushing yourself?
Ultimate Victory  We won about 14 - 2.
Some of my Ultimate teammates were talking about their inability to dive for a disc, or feeling pressured to throw the disc before they need to / have a good target or don't feel like they are doing much when they defend a player.
Music:  Swollen Members - Long Way Down  Mood:  Mixed excitement and caution  Food:  Souvlaki from the new Greek place across the street.
He looks at me with an 'oops' sort of face.
Choice Quote:  "Thank you for picking me up."
So I went up to this guy and asked him if he knew which line was for tickets.
What happened to taking it easy?
Even chocolate milk isn't mild anymore!
Camping in Calibogie with *K* and some Burner-friends.
So I'm going to go to sleep shortly so I won't.
Ottawa peeps take note - Unrelated to this series of events, I'm moving out on/around Aug 1st from my current place to above Rideau St just off King Edward into Sandy Hill.
To an extent I'm glad Canada has the policy towards helping the homeless that it does, as it probably ensures homelessness is not nearly as much a problem as major cities in the USA are subject to.
It doesn't quite work that way folks.
Pretend to take a drink of water and do a spit take and breathe out a huge ball of fire cause it's actually lamp oil.
With Tiger, Tim, Mike and I plus occasional assistance from Karin, Luis, Paris we got the dome assembled in under 10 hours work - with stops for food, drink, drink, drink.
Him: Don't push me, you're the one who's not supposed to be here.
It comes and goes depending on the tides of the moon and my energy (or lack thereof) to comment on things.
When I left A's place around 2AM walking home there was an emergency services (or something equally named) van across from the arena where there's a small park.
And for the second half of the weekend you ask?
It's been quite a while since *K* and I have had any real time together.
There is a very severe throbbing going on in my head currently - possibly due to an overconsumption of alcohol within the last 24 hours - but results are inconclusive.
*Ring* *Ring* -Him: "Hello?"
Turns out he just wanted to retrieve his vodka coolers that he had stole from the other place he broke into just around the corner from us which he was previously content to sit and drink on our back patio furniture.
And then to top it off there's that little thing called Burning Man coming like a steam-engine freight train with no brakes on a track lubed with KY.  Jamie wants a break, but can't break the cycle.
But by the same token, I've earned my way here by working for everything that I have.
I'm driving down Dalhousie on my way to the bonfire party when I see a 30 - 45 year old woman standing on the street corner.
And I think to myself, "Oh damn, why would somebody want to wear..." the thought trails off as a car with a man and a woman turns in front of me past the woman.
