Do I believe their will be a terror attack at RCON or DCON?
The reasoning is simple: the TX is market that seeks honest analysis and prediction of world events.
I believe there will be major policy shifts announced at the next State of the Union Address, for now President Bush must ensure he makes it that far.
Readers of my blog very likely read the other four TerrorXchange blogs as well.
Here's the best part of the article:   The modesty trend is also tied to the political climate, says Stellin.
This means we won't have billionaires for at least a year, this means new users are not shut-out of the marketplace, this means stocks will be valued more for their description and less for their current price, this means no more IPO mind games.
Please email me or leave a comment.
Lots of new names, and only one new Steve (Stephen).
24 Hour Moratoriums    What if users were only allowed to purchase 99,999 shares of a stock in a 24-hour period, with no restrictions on selling?
+10 million terror dollars, +10 Leader Board tiers, my account will still be here tomorrow, I gotta say it was a good day.
I wonder how safe we really are.
My degree in poli sci has helped, as has my subscription to TotalFark (Fark.
At this point I would almost like to see them build a wall...at least then you know there are two sides, and that makes things less confusing.
In the meantime I'm taking advantage of larger investments and a more diversified portfolio.
There are many things that can be done to improve our Intelligence and secure our communities.
I was concerned with exponential inclines, you were concerned with having a large penis.
I have the next few days off Satori, give us some IPOs!
A small fish can miss an IPO and still make money, but he has to ride the wake of the big fish with the better gains.
"There's this sense of uncertainty — about the economy, the threat of terrorism, the war in Iraq, the (Abu Ghraib) prison scandal.
I've liquified nearly half of my portfolio, apparently everyone else is doing the same.
I'm holding on to 100,000 shares of IPMA, and will likely lose half a million.
This is a good thing, and I'm glad the Iraqi Prime Minister has survived this long.
IRGD had plummeted from $28.02 to $6.95.
I'm sure their sleepovers are raging with debates of American prisoner abuse and the plight of third-world farmerss.
They attacked the torch with cups of water, and almost made it, but were soon subdued by security.
It’s barely in my price range at this point, and the SOB that just took my 1.8 million terror dollars is going to sell at any moment.
How long will the new Iraqi government last (IRGD, $15.28)?
I broke ten million yesterday for about five minutes, then the market took yet another hit.
IRGD was now $7.50, but I was broke again.
TerrorXchange has their own gmail account, now you can be cool like them.
I didn’t care what it was, I sold it, and with that money I bought IRGD.
I have to go back to work today, that's right folks, the Bull is gone until tonight.
Sell off IZIR just before the next IPO hounding?
Glathannus, I say this as sincerely as possible as I appreciate your blog, your insight, your presence, but you were warned.
Few things make my day like catching an IPO at $1.49.
Cancelling the warning system now will appear as a failure on the part of Tom Ridge and likely hurt President Bush's reelection.
I had half-expected a "Sunnis, Shiites, Kurds, Al Qai'da acknowledge Iraqi Government, France surrenders", but that took care of everything in the real world.
Unfortunately, someone made more money on these strike stocks than I.
Three lessons learned: 1.
I wonder if a politician's actions are geared towards reelection or concern for public safety.
IRGD will rebound, keep it.
:) Modesty is "in", skanky is "out".
There's great background information over at  urlLink WiredCrusader .
I ask again, WHAT WAS YOUR POINT?
:) As detailed over at  urlLink The FCC's Worst Nightmare ,  urlLink the Christopher C. account  was purged.
Were Glathannus' actions in violation of the user agreement?
Everyone wants a piece of these new Strike Stocks, the question is how soon their novelty will wear off.
update: I just noticed Glathannus' unprecedented jump.
If President Bush had shot down the planes, what would Kerry be saying now?
Nevertheless, his actions were a blatant run at the Leader Board and were not in tune with the spirit of the TX.
Let’s see what happens next.
Damned if you do, damned if you don't.
Politics (by that I mean Democrats and Republicans) will disagree no matter what the cause.
Let's spread the word, this community needs more users!
Yes, but you can make money elsewhere for now.
As it stands, the stocks is only $6.53 ($5.08 when I picked it up this morning).
I am not singling out any users.
My portfolio dipped 30%, fortunately I had enough for a feeding frenzy in the morning.
At strike values of $150, it may be worth the risk of letting them run to $0.
In five minutes I made two million dollars, and I had missed the IPOs by about ten minutes (purchasing stocks four and five times higher than their opening price).
The DNC (DCON) and RNC (RCON) will soon be upon us, it will be interesting to see what happens.
The bombings of the Christian churches was unexpected.
My initial thought was  "Better the christians than the US Soldiers".
urlLink Check out these comments.
Today is a great day to invest.
(SUGGESTION: a Quick Sell field for each stock in the Portfolio and a Submit All button).
In other news, the Leader Board (High Scores board as someone humorously put it)  very  briefly dipped to ~9.2 million yesterday, but returned to ~10.5 million.
In the  urlLink comments  you made it seem like that the system is faulty for allowing purchases in excess of 99,999 shares.
I will grant that IZIR is a silly stock, that Glathannus' actions hurt no users and hardly put a dent into the integrity of the TX.
Back to the Strike Stock screen.
In the last two weeks, I've gone from two to seven million (almost broke eight before the little dip).
Hit the blackjack table instead, at least you have a fighting chance.
I've always wanted to invest in a real market, but felt for all my ignorance and inexperience, I was better off gambling away my money in Vegas.
Most importantly for TX traders, will Homeland Security Discontinue the Color Coded Threat Warning System (COLR)?
Is it because it seems so silly when blokes like Tom Cruise get to carry it?
Are we making the world a better place?
Under the current system we experience urlLink  exponential growth  for veteran users.
This means that soon (perhaps within the hour) the threshold for Leader Board will rise to thirteen or fourteen million.
I see it all day at my summer job, I can confirm that anorexia is no longer a problem.
You didn't even have the juevos to admit your transgressions  urlLink when others called you on it .
I was under the assumption that your 240 million was mostly liquid, but apparently not.
Oh, and the  urlLink influx of hispanics is threatening to divide Amerca .
The short of it is that modest clothing is coming back in style.
It took me two weeks to earn my first million.
Should we come to a general agreement and ask for Admin intervention?
I hope that was not in reference to my previous post.
In case you have been living under a rock, check out  urlLink Hoodlumman's TX "Insider" View .
You also noted that eventually you would have lost money to an honest trader.
;) Resolved: Iraq is here to stay.
I was doing so well, probably because very few people were paying attention to the market.
Meanwhile the market is falling and some shares are the lowest they've been.
:) urlLink Vice President Cheney testified today  that he gave orders to shoot down the hijacked planes of 9/11.
This post is mostly unrelated to TerrorXchange, sorry.
I remember a few key terms from Micro and Macro Economics in college, but that's it.
There were no News Flash items at Fark or TotalFark.
When COLR was  urlLink announced , it wasn't given must attention.
Holy political fiasco Batman!
Putting your money on catastrophic meteors, dirty bombs, and terror attacks on (southern) Florida is like pulling the big red handle of the slot machine.
I would have picked some up, but I had $3 in the bank.
I should be making more money on the rebound.
