AAAHHH  I remembered the words to Morgan's and my song!
It took us two and a half hours to get her moved from her room to the den so she could sleep on the floor and have me sleep on the couch.
:) Please please please!!!
Senior year is a week away-   wow.
So as you can see, there isn't much time to sit still.
It's fun to write again .
Had the chicken platter which has restored my faith in the Chili's franchise.
Randi also did a slightly illegal job of parking...  we'll never tell ...   We then headed to Wendy's, where for some reason, we could not stop laughing long enough to order three frosties.
It was fun... Paul complained that they don't make a "Nutrition for Men" oatmeal, cause he likes the "Nutrition for Women" Vanilla and Cinnamon one.
I'm kicking your&nbsp;ass at Halo someday soon.
I'm amazed I have the energy to think at this point, seeing as they woke me up at 7:15 again, but sometimes full days just keep me energized and happy.
That totally counts with food.
I think I ate like a fourth of it.
The stories we have to tell are pretty good too. "
The shocking part of this is, that I was wearing the exact same thing I wore to Macaroni Grill.
I have to decide  somehow .
In honor of AP scores coming out, I would like to present the best AP story I have heard yet.
6:30-7:00 Dinner  7:00-8:00 Hang out with the girls and Paul  8:00-10:00 Bedtime for the girls... it takes a while.
However, I do love my friends.
She and Xander and I had a grand time dancing to her mix in the car.
Morgan got to sing for Kallen Esperian today.
The great part was that Derek didn't come over til after he left.
What the fuck are you guys doing down there?"
And made me feel beautiful.
I shiver at a new sensation    Want to pull you close to me    Doesn't matter where we've been or are    All I want is just to be    In this moment, in this place    Of new friends and circumstance    Let the walls come down between us    For a different type of dance    I promise I will never break    Your heart, and I don't fear    That you will ever, ever&nbsp;try    To tear me down, my dear    Sternum right&nbsp;down to the small    We'll travel down, a pair    I will be a euphoric version    Just as long as you are there    I wonder if it's possible    To miss you until it hurts    But for now you can&nbsp;remain here    And I will withstand the worst    Who knows where we have been before    Or where our future lies    For now I will just simply tell you    This has been a magic night.
I didn't think I would miss them, but I already do.
Visits from my Dad's side of the family including Janice, Steve, and Lynn.
Today is the first anniversary of the microburst that occurred last year.
My mother has no idea how to function without me around it seems.
I saw Brad as we were getting into the car, and proceeded to swoon as Amanda drove.
Of course, my mother and I had a lovely time and I secretly plotted to come back and check Brad out.
TCBY and other sweet things.
Well, I was at Macaroni Grill the other day with my mother where our waiter was a complete dream.
9:30-11:30 Entertain Sarah while Grace sleeps and grab a quick shower.
He says that if gay marriage is allowed, it will cause people to want to marry two people, or marry their dog, and that allowing gay marriage will cause a self destructive pattern in the tax system as well as the meaning of marriage.
I stormed Herb Parsons Lake with my bike in honor of this lovely French holiday.
I think God's sick of me saying "If you do this, I'll become a nun!"
Rawr.&nbsp;And OMG Grace is the cutest thing I have ever seen and loves my cell phone rings.
We also played the "monkeys jumping on the bed" game on Sarah's bed which was delivered yesterday.
Sing to me a lullaby    My little precious one    And tell me all the stories that you know     &nbsp;   Bring your head up to the sky    And show them all your smile    As the stars reflect so softly on your cheeks     &nbsp;   Lie upon my stomach, love    Your breath flies on my skin    As you listen to single syllable     &nbsp;   Fall into the pillows    As the colors swallow you whole    And peek out at once just&nbsp;to show them down     &nbsp;   Swing out, swing on    Rock now to sleep    As I anticipate your wake     &nbsp;   Hold your arms out when you need    I'll catch you, hold you, dear    And I will look into those eyes and stars     &nbsp;   You are the reason I exist    If only for a short time    I live to see the starlight in your eyes    It's a work in progress.
The weirdness that is my mind, haha.
And I ask you, is it right that three year olds and 70 year old grandfathers of 8 are going faster than me?
However, I have Cody and Casey to think of, and must go outside to keep them from ripping each other apart out of boredom.
and drew something slightly resembling a middle finger... &nbsp;bloodygurthang: and got a 1  bloodygurthang: oh well  hezzah875: LMAO  hezzah875:  GENIUS   &nbsp;  I really wish I had done that on one of my exams.
I'm sure they all had a fabulous time.
Somehow or another, we were going down a toll road which looked like Humphreys, and these two girls were in the back of the car.
I really hope I don't break anything... My parents both called to check on me today haha.
To make cookies with no nuts.
Man they turned out well too.
So here is my message from the stars- my new start, my new blog for all those who wish to read it.
Nick and I still haven't decided on names yet for the dogs.
I missed an appointment with nice psychologist lady today...  grr ...
Apparently Doris yelled at the MTAM kids today.
Bad for me, yes, but it was very good.
Instead there was a snooty female waitress who looked at us like we were nuts.
Day with my two best friends la la la...    Fun fun stuff.
It is Texas (no offense).
Crazy girl ..I'm going to jump on her as soon as she gets home.
Poor Xander didn't get to steal it though.
I just saw the most scarring thing ever on TV.
I am so very excited and have missed them terribly: Katie Camille, Morgan, Eric, Rachel,  EVERYONE!
And I really want to be Cinderella.
Serenity in the Calamity indeed.
For example,  13 Going on 30  is very cute, and  Napoleon Dynamite , though it lacks plot, is totally hilarious.
Watching the old videos Randi and I made over the last couple of years.
&nbsp;  I leave for Florida on Wednesday morning!
We ran out of things to talk about when I was... well...  born .
Tobey Maguire... *  melts  * Someone please come out with me.
I did fall once but Sarah fell too so I wouldn't feel alone.
But I do believe it will be fun.
I'm going ice skating tomorrow!
I have, however, gotten Sarah addicted to makingfiends, This Land, and homestarrunner.
Sallis, I owe you like eight batches of cookies now.
However, I do think the Clintons kick Kerry's butt when it comes to public speaking.
Must go and see him myself... except I look like shit.
In this moment    Everything's changed in my life   In this magic    My world is now in your eyes       Standing here with you    Feel so different now    Can't remember what just happened cause    You are what I've searched for    My life's now complete    I hope you know    Just what you mean to me      Oh please let this moment last til forever   Let's just stay       In this moment    Everything's changed in my life    In this magic   My world is now in your eyes      Is this really real    Or is it just a dream   I don't care   I know I'm here right now   The past just flies away   The truth is all so clear   From this moment    You're all I hold dear       Oh please let this moment last til forever   Let's just stay       In this moment    Everything's changed in my life   In this magic   My world is now in your eyes       Repeat, End...     Lovely long day today, however, I am too tired to explain myself.
I'm still going to Texas on Sunday, and really wish that I could bring the puppies with me, seeing as Nick doesn't really seem to care about them that much.
Miles got a map and cookies and a night out to the movie.
It is also Madame Quinn's birthday.
However, I can fully understand seeing as we have all procrastinated.
Mom put an ad in the paper about selling the goats and some lady is coming to possibly steal a few away this afternoon.
:( God, I'm going to miss these guys.
We're currently watching three of the most hyperactive kids I've ever met, who have destroyed  every room  except mine in this house.
Or let's see  Spiderman 2 .
Paul got me pretty well yesterday, seeing as I went ice skating with Sarah.
For... certain people... A Vision Without Shoes   It's been a time for the two of us  A time of separation But somehow, someday, there will be  A new time for celebration  I think these thoughts out of my window  As I ponder in shades of blue  And somehow you appear to me  A vision without shoes  You run away romantic-like  Cause you wish to see me now  You walk way longer than expected My house is three miles out  I hold these dreams so quietly  As so many people do And somehow you appear to me  A vision without shoes  I pull my door back hoping, thinking And all I can do is stare For my blue thoughts and dreams I guess Have somehow brought you here   I stand with fixed espression Til I get the urge to move  I move without a second thought  To hug my vision without shoes  Somehow I know this is temporary  Our day will come, it's true But now we remain here in this moment And you're a vision without shoes.
Jesus... My new schedule for this week:    8:00 a. m. Sarah (4)&nbsp;comes and wakes me, hands me my glasses, and pulls me downstairs.
My voice has disappeared to some foreign place and will probably never return again.
A new favorite movie to watch!
Perhaps I'll steal it first.
Then, it was a few hours of boys.
Oh and I almost got into a car wreck... but that's another story.
Miles has approved my posting this, btw.
Once I got into the studio though, I must say Billy Ross is a god.
Randi and I ran into Macaroni Grill looking for Brad, but sadly he was not there.
If you haven't already, read the last post so you can see the amazing work of David Thewlis.
I feel like my life has turned into a Mastercard commercial, where they tell the price of things and then say something such as " Spending time with an old friend... priceless ."
I think I shall go take a nap or just sit and laugh about how many times people thought Grace was my daughter at the mall today.
I stayed up until 3:15 last night doing all sorts of good deeds...
When we turned back to look at the two girls, one of them said "Oh you mean Brad, the guy who I totally made out with last night?"
