Relatedly, CMU  recently announced plans to create a Robot Hall of Fame .
You ate some beans and rice.
Today I went down to pick up some food and made my way to the back coolers to grab a drink.
Seriously, there are  urlLink no other schools .
No, now that I've got the blog rolling again (still having problems with the archives - that's mostly due to laziness) I feel like every post has to be golden.
Work's been busy lately, but I'm getting by.
I got a  Washington Bullets lunch box  just for coming to the game.
But I'd like to know who is out there telling people they are me, living off of my popularity, thinking they'll never get caught.
I took my doughnuts and quickly ate another hot glazed.
That's new releases, classics, comedies, dramas, videos overdubbed in spanish - everything!
And only the second freshman in NCAA history to lead his team to a national title.
If it wasn't for the possibility of sex afterwards, I might actually prefer the Etheridge show.
So  watch the game  and root for the 'Cuse as they face Kansas University tonight.
I think I realized this long ago, but my outdated webpage might have been evidence for the rest of the world (yes, that's right, the entire world) to realize this as well.
Unless specified, bets do not go "both ways."
Well, except for that rain this morning.
I found it this morning before work, and had a few spoonfuls for breakfast.
I ran straight home to stare at my mirror.
I've been somewhat unbloggie lately.
Come on, we're leavin' this place."
So if we ever do happen to run in to each other there is no need to hold yourself back.
I sat in front of the TV watching it, giddy like a little school girl.
Yesterday I noticed that someone had come from  Sugarloaf/USA's  home page.
But the real reason I'm posting this is in the hopes that Tina Fey might see.
For example, "You owe me 5 Subway if Tiger Woods wins the Masters."
I've never been a big  ABBA  fan, though I will admit their tunes are catchy.
Operation Iraqi Freedom has begun.
But apparently, as a fan  urlLink I just have to get used to it .
If I worked at the first ever Dunkin' Donuts I'd be telling everyone.
This is why we need back air conditioners!
Bettor: "Oh, I see how it is.
I'm saying that a friggin' restaurant was so good that my life was altered forever after eating their food and you didn't get up off your ass and run to that restaurant?
Or did somebody hack in to the Sugarloaf webpage and fill it with  Dancing Mega Man  and links to voteprime.
And she looked damn sexy doing those moves.
Yes, at my new job I do plan on bringing all my lunches in this lunch box.
The visitor came to voteprime from the Sugarloaf Message Board  Members List .
I'll superimpose her to be standing outside a burning building or the Sundance Film Festival or some shit like that.
As  Tony Kornheiser  might say, she still gets it done.
Unranked to start the season and ending it as the top team in the country.
Just "The Orange" The Syracuse  Orange .
I've got this picture of my wife holding our dog.
It was currently Tuesday, December 17th!
But surely he knows how to enjoy it in the mean time.
And this leads right in to my current favorite link.
Put them in a movie together, of course!
I have to visit the first ever locations of all my favorite chain restaurants.
That's 7844576% off the cover price!)
Probably about once a day I scan through my access logs to see how people are coming to voteprime ( Bel Biv Devoe  is still a very popular search).
Want to  see them spin ?!!?!
The normal slew of colorful maps and boring meteorologists came across my screen.
I completed my end of the deal - I paid for  30 issues of "Sports Illustrated" (at less than $1 an issue.
Those were the most grueling 4 years of my life.
Being 15th in that crew ain't too bad.
The acts that hit the 9:30 Club stage vary widely - ranging from rock to alternative to punk to rap - but I'd say most of the bands are aimed at the younger generation; the under 30 crowd, if you will.
I was sitting on my couch wincing.
Sure, I know none of the new posts to date have really been any good, but I put a lot of thought into them at the very least.
My tacos tasted a little crispier, the pork a little juicier.
I'm tearing up a bit right now just thinking about it, although that might have more to do with the Raid we just sprayed in our office than the sentimental value.
You informed me of the weather in such a manner that let me know you cared.
I've discovered that I am lazy.
And I'm sure Aron Ralston looks back and thinks the same thing.
That phrase is plastered all over the school - on every symbol, on every plaque, and on every Optimus Prime picture you can find on campus.
Well, my friends, be prepared for a revolution.
-ThreePieceWhiteASmallColdDrinkSomeRedBeansABiscuitAndSmallFries I'm not going bald.
But I got the information I wanted so I was satisfied.
So have you seen these shoes?
I'm not sure if I really opened my eyes fully enough to see that the paper was gone, let alone venture to the closet to see if there were more rolls.
After ABBA presented the idea, who was dumb enough to fund it and turn it in to a big production?
I've had little success with my  urlLink online declaration of love for Juli Boeheim  but you can't stop a boy from dreaming.
This calmed me down a bit and allowed me to think straight once again.
Yes, the day has arrived for all of us to speak out, to voice our love, to be proud and to know that we are not alone!
"Sexy Little Otter," a. k.a.
Remember - MTV played nothing but videos, bangs and big hair were cool (oh, hey there New Jersey.
In fact, I'm doing that right now.
Instead of buying out the entire store of doughnuts, as was my original plan when I first saw the red light, I bought a half-dozen and a medium coffee.
Usually, if there is to be a 2 way bet, it will be for two distinct outcomes of one event.
Please, help my wandering and lost soul find its way home - help me find these shoes DRINK TO END STROKE Do you wish you could go back to the good old days of college when you partied all night?
What you haven't tried the Cheesy Gordita Crunch?
I am doing this through a program called  Train to End Stroke , run by the  American Stroke  Association  (a division of the  American Heart Association ).
I knew our supply of toilet paper was getting a bit low.
And that's just it - he doesn't have to and he won't!
"What will I buy, at a reasonable price, to keep my feet cozy."
Who's got two thumbs and is growing a beard?
Hey, that's cool, rock on with that.
Have You Seen These Shoes?
I hope not because that's it.
Watching the Washington Bullets With my sister I recently bought 7  Washington Wizards  (who will from now on be referred to by me as the  Washington Bullets  because "wizards" is just a lame name) tickets for 100 level seats.
I felt pain, I coped with it, and I moved on."
With that said, I'm going to go take The National Poo on The National Toilet while entertaining myself with The National Reading Material) I have to say I wasn't ecstatic.
Stay back ladies, he's married.
Jason X ,  Next Friday ,  Friday After Next ,  A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master ,  A Nightmare on Elm Street 5: The Dream Child ,  A Nightmare on Elm Street 6: Freddy's Dead - The Final Nightmare ,  Nightmare on Elm Street 7: Wes Craven's New Nightmare ).
My list of five has contained people ranging from  urlLink Alex McLeod  (I had a  urlLink "Trading Spaces"  kick) to  urlLink Jodie Foster  (I...I can't explain it) to  urlLink Jennifer Aniston .
Yeah, he loves to party, yeah he likes having sex, but he's also a confused kid who is struggling with his new found fame and fortune just like the rest of us.
So if for some reason you are bored by the happenings on stage, you can just peruse the crowd and be entertained by the old ladies or the college girls who are on their feet, dancing and singing along to the music.
And then finally we have the realization, an epiphany, if you will.
Whatever the name, it is a list of five celebrities you can sleep with without getting in trouble with your significant other.
In fact, the quote from Aron that probably summarizes his journey the best is CMU's motto: I FELT PAIN, I COPED WITH IT, AND I MOVED ON.
No, the Bullets didn't just pick Jesus up off of waivers.
"Awh shucks" I thought, and perused the opening day festivities.
Yet, when I close my eyes I can still see their faces and hear their laughs.
