Moving forward, The darkness is driven back And the world realizes that It has a choice.
Then we see Israel at the base of Mount Sinai.
They are crowded, encircling the fountain all around.
And in this love I always make the first overture.
I am anointing them to build my kingdom one generation at a time.
They are to reflect my glory, bear my fragrance, reach out, and touch the world, redeeming generation after generation, until my coming, the great and terrible day of the Lord.
Impact is proportional to saturation.
A circular stone wall to collect the water, both for use and for anointing surrounds it.
As the light of the Father’s glory hits it, It reacts like both a magnifying glass And a prism Simultaneously.
It is not a robe of covering in that it is not meant to cover sin or uncleanness.
It is a robe of confirmation, bestowed upon the church in actual fact by the Holy Spirit after the three rings have been received.
Moses goes up on the mountain to fellowship with God.
The receiving of the third ring is contingent upon having accepted the first two rings.
The “People of the Fountain” are called to bring its fragrance to a lost and dying world.
My love for you is inexhaustible, unrelenting, violent, and utterly preemptive but at the same time, completely approachable and invitingly toward you.
There are those who have been pushed close in around the fountain by the crowds.
The crowd is taken completely off guard by her action.
Then I see three figures that the light strikes That change the quality and intensity of the light.
For I am both the wind and the rain to you says the Lord.
Transparence    I see this picture of the Father’s glory Coming as a ray of light from His throne.
And I don’t counsel with you about who I should redeem or about what I should forgive or whether I should restore this one or that one because I am utterly sovereign.
You can’t be intimate with me because you’ve got one in each hand.
The children of Israel have always been children of the promise, not children of the flesh.
The blades don’t seek to catch or control the wind.
I have chosen to dwell in a people.
It is understandable that you, as a created being, would love and worship me as the very essence of holiness and perfection.
The ring of God’s authority signifies the release of God’s presence in and through the church both individually and corporately.
I would have you be as a transparent conduit that all might look at you and see the water of my presence in your life.
The wind is the breath of My Spirit.
It is the bride of the Lamb.
Other children jump in with her, yelling for the rest to join them.
The second ring is a ring of submission.
What does our heart truly beat for; the things of the world or the reproaches of Christ, which will conform us to His image?
He is flying around like crazy Catching the colors of the prism, Refocusing them, And increasing their intensity even more.
He gives him but one rule.
The fountain is surrounded by multitudes of people who have come to partake of the water.
It is through the violence of My love that I that I conform you to the image of that Son, your redeemer.
Each generation is anointed to perform a specific work, which is related to and built upon what I have accomplished in previous generations.
This is the baptism into the sufferings of Christ He spoke about to James and John when they asked to sit on His right and left hand when He was revealed in His glory.
I see a picture of a fountain.
It is the Water of Life that comes from beneath the throne of God.
Those who have been a long way off, that you have observed from a distance, and you see their life out of order.
For as it is written, "every knee shall bow and every tongue shall confess..."  And he will behold her and will acknowledge her superlative beauty, but he will hate her as she forces him to bow before the Lamb.
The next figure I see Is a dove.
In His right hand He holds the cross; in His left hand He holds the empty tomb.
I see this picture of the Lord as He extends his hands toward the church to embrace her.
God rightly says to Samuel that it wasn’t Samuel that was rejected but God.
They are there to be moved by it for a specific purpose.
They are building an extending my kingdom as past generations built the great cathedrals of Europe.
For I am a God of generations says the Lord.
It will bring glory to me.
Some have dared to reach into the fountain with their fingertips because they want more than just the mist.
I am redeeming generations.
They’ve heard the sounds outside but have been so comfortable with what they’re familiar with and how they want God to move.
My love for you is an unrelenting, unquenchable fire says the Lord.
Israel’s Rejection of God    The rejection of God by His people is many-fold.
They wait for Moses to come down from the mountain and then say to him: “We are terrified at the sound of His voice.
For there is a glory of the Father And a glory of the Son And a glory of the Spirit  Yet the glory is one.
It is a building with double doors.
I poured out my love for you in the life of my Son, the spotless Lamb of God, that we might be one.
It was through the violence of My love That I redeemed mankind, Sending My only Son to die that you might live.
Then you will be able to move in my power, under my anointing.
I see one point of light in the darkness, And it is the church.
Two things have made them pause: a sense of their own stability - they like the way things have been going they like things that they are used to.
Then you will stand in awe in my presence and marvel at the great things God has done for you.
I would have you to know, my people, that I know your struggles and temptations.
And lastly I see a pair of sandals.
It is illustrated in the giving of the Holy Spirit to the church.
The Lord imparts these three rings to the church.
That can take these many years that look like they were utterly without value and bring good from that.
This has stalled them in the doorway- for a long time.
She has to keep her eyes On the dove.
With the Lord, it’s the authority that produces the power.
We are asked to take our pulse.
This is a corporate decision.
The third ring is a ring of authority, a signet ring.
There’s a person standing at the doorway just inside -  they’ve paused right there.
Her clothes are completely soaked, saturated with the fragrance and anointing of God.
He offers both the power of His resurrection and the fellowship of His suffering.
The receiving of the first two rings is not accomplished all at once; it is a process arrived at over time.
Everyone is doing what is right in his own eyes.
He will hate you as he hates Me, as you force him to bow before Me.
On the left, the Holy Spirit is offering the reproaches of the Son.
He will hate you As he hates Me, As you force him to bow before Me.
I always come to you first.
I see a picture of the church as a dwelling.
The second is God’s predictability- they like to know what God is doing and that he does the same thing all the time.
Enjoying That Perfect Cup of Coffee at Home
They say to him: “We want a king like all the other nations of the earth.” In saying this they reject the very presence of the Lord in their lives as a people.
The Lord gives him authority over everything in the garden.
It was through the violence of My love That I cleansed My courts And cast out all who rose up against Me.
There is a wind blowing outward from the fountain bringing the mist and the fragrance of God to the people who come seeking.
Each generation experiencing more of My glory as I express myself through them.
It is through the violence of My love That I that I conform you to the image of that Son, Your redeemer.
Scripture tells us that the children of the flesh have always persecuted the children of the promise.
Come down and tell us what he’s said and we’ll do it.” Here they reject His very voice.
But if she keeps her eyes on Him And turns the light with her body To focus on the world, The light increases in intensity once more And lights the world so that it is no longer in darkness.
For I am strong in your weakness, says the Lord.
Adam disregards the command from the Lord’s own mouth, rejecting the authority of His words (His voice.)
There is a fragrance of the Father, a fragrance of the Son, a fragrance of the Spirit, yet the fragrance is one.
