As a nasty side effect of loosing all my files, my music collection has been clipped some 200 and some odd files.
Also, only 16 more days till my GameCube.
Breagh came over today, it was a great time, after some stuff the las tfew days the visit really helped things.
it will cover the more public and external portions of my site, while this, the blogger, will cover the internal.
Now for my official game review deal.
Well, besides this one, but thats heartless spam of course.
Thats right, Ive had to lower myself to the level of calling things "uber poopoo" to describe this blog.
Jesus sunlight makes me tired.
Dam these western sandwiches are good.
Right now I'm more then a little bored and enjoying some very "educational" television.
So yeah, more mods to be made on the layout, but definatly not another night up till 2 in the morning doing so.
Not a bad bit of HTML if I do say so myself.
One peeve however is seems to lack the number of enjoyable minigames that were tucked in with previous Zelda versions.
After two or so hours and a failed attempt of taking a shoutbox and some scripting savvy and making a personal blog engine, I decided it's probably best if I remain with  urlLink  Blogger   for the time being.
Maybe if I can get some traffic and actually post some content that the masses deem entertaining I'll gain the goody goody gosh status of being on the front page with 8 other "Blog of Note".
Mowed a lawn, made some money, off to spend it.
sreid got his NBA Street Volume 2 which inheirently rocks our faces, and we've been trying to school each other in that the past few days.
Oh I managed to catch the end of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles the movie last night, it brought back some very fond childhood memories.
All and all I think I did ok, finishing up in the normal hour and a half; guess I have to wait till grading now too see how much the review really paid off.
Not to mention my girlfriend's prom next week, so theres another slice of the pie gone.
I'll correct myself right now about the previously mentioned "Blogs of Interest" as they are actually titled "Blogs of Note".
After serveral hours of attempting to install the new 7200 rpm 40 gig harddrive, i had ..er.. accidentally erased all my old data on my old hard drive, and still didnt manage to get the new one installed.
think of this site as just one big about page section for my site.
Oh and lets not forget about this little creation  urlLink clicky .
Not gonna blurb about details that noone will read anyway, but I did wake up after 2 hours of sleep to find myself in a very cold and hard bottomed tent.
I'm thinking I should begin saving my old ones to offer as templates.
Oh but shhh, dont let the RIAA find out.
I could go on but there is so much more ot the game then I feel like typing out.
I shant think I'll grow as bored with this one quite as quickly I did the others, the game is simply to large.
Driving in my big blue truck.
I know the movies have little to no similiarities, but thats what they still remain to be, movies.
Spent Monday evening at Breagh's; then Tuesday and Wednesday we hung out at the Marina with the peoples and her her house come the later hours.
I say had because yesterday I got a pleasent little surprise when I got my gamecube a week early.
And maybe I'm wrong, maybe I myself am over-emphasizing, but the fact remains that there is nothing more special about one blog then another.
Judging from the review the past week in class, I think I'll do farely well.
Now as Wind Waker fades into memory a new choice is presented: Enter the Matrix... yes or no.
Oh well, I guess I'll edit the layout.
Not to mention I have to be up to mow grass tomorrow and spend no doubt several hours infront of the GameCube playing sreid's yet to be aquired NBA Street Volume 2.
I didnt see anyone taking a copy of Ace Ventura and study it trying to derive connections to every possible segment of religion, humanity, and social issues.
Yup I finally gathered enough energy to complete a whole new layout.
Its like pushing around a wheel-barrow full of fat kids, and we all know how dam heavy fat kids tend to be.
300 and some I had previously backed up to disk.
I was glad to see the presence of AI bots in multiplayer mode, it really helps boost game value when you want to play a little skrimich but dont want to have to rely on a second human player for an opponent.
The only downside was certain plot twists where you really had to understand the first two movies or have been following along intentivly to really understand it.
And that's my cue to exit.
This has to be one of my all time favorite sites concerning people and things getting flamed.
I myself am a huge fan of the matrix, seen the movies, quote the lines regularly, bend spoons and dodge bullets on occation, but this blog, is uber poopoo.
in the beginning all i wanted was a single personal webpage; but trying to mix content about myself as well as content relating to what im interested in wasnt as easy as i planned, and its so much more simpler to have individual sites for it now.
The party after the prom, that was good.
There are people who care right?
Now I dont know if there is supose to be any certain honor amongst bloggers or what have you, but I feel like I have the right assigned to me by the wonderful freedom of speech to lay a royal smackdown on Matrix Essays in particular.
I was offered a position as a html coder at  urlLink http://www.
Fuck fuck mother mother fuck its warm in here, another nights above the blankets I supose.
Many people were quick to judge the new look of Zelda as childish and ugly, but if Windwaker is able to live up to the quality of previous Zelda games, it will be a smash despite the new cell shadding type graphics.
Since I had to fend for myself yesterday with my parents gone to some dinner thing, I end up eating all the normal food in the house.
Im not even a forth of the way through the mian quest and I can tell already the development team really went all out for detail and game immersion.
I met the creator of the site a while back, he saw my site layouts lately and was interested in me coding templates to be sold, so I guess I'll be doing that soon enough.
/bin/debian into two distinct sections.
The new cell shaded style the producer implemented fits perfectly for the game, in addition to the sound, which is also phenominal.
For the moment I'll be content if I can get some pepsi and about 10 hours sleep.
I'm going to have to agree with slashdot on "No joking, this is probably the funniest acceptance speech I have ever seen."
Considering how much I choked on my science on tuesday, I hope to woo my parents with a uplifted enlish mark to help secure my Game Cube.
Now correct me if I'm wrong, but when I see a list of blogs titled "Blogs Of Interest", one would come to the reasonable conclusion that these blogs would be interesting; they would be different, they would be something that I could enjoy to read each time they're updated.
com to all your little friends.
Actually im exhausted; 8 hours of Wind Waker will do that to a person.
Call me a ass for thinking so, but I really think whoever decided these blogs were special, has some creativity issues.
We made it in there in about an hour and a half, which we thought was a pretty good time.
I just stuck it up there for now until I do a remake of the blog layout and find a better spot to put it.
First things first though, Windwaker has to be beaten.
As an upside to all the blasted cramming I'll have to endur over the next week, I'm now glad to report I'll be receiving a GameCube for my gradding gift.
Just felt like getting it off my chest.
Since then however I've nominated Perl to take its place.
Went down sreid's and played some NBA Street Volume 2 for a while, then came back here and did the same.
So I caught a little sand and surf.
My main rant I already did for today, so unless I end up doing something worth mention, or get bored again, I guess this is it.
I can't feel my arms; alright; I can barely feel my arms, my neighbour's lawn mower is too freaking heavy.
I got another layout coming along.
Left over pizza... exelent.
I'll offer several lines of glory and praise to the one who brings me the head of the fucktard who thought that Windows built in spam option was a good idea.
Its 12:51 (pm) here so I think I should get some sleep.
I'll probably be blogging again when I get home tonight, for those of you who care.
It was a good action movie all and all.
well i have found a solution to the problem of integrating a biography or about section of myself onto my website; move  the personal stuff to blogger.
net/ , however the one you see before you was hand coded, and my bets are if you look at their source code, its a hell of alot cleaner.
We tried renting NBA Street Volume from the video store, but aparently there was a lock on his name, so we eventually ended in town and him getting 007 Agent Under Fire for his grading gift, or was his birthday gift, I dont know.
All together 8 pages of biology.
:( Haven't blogged in hmm, 6 days is it?
I've thought about the ideas the matrix represents, the messages it can convey under the actual screenplay, and the intellectual stimulus it can provide if really thought out, but this site takes it way too far.
Anything bad said about the graphic style of Zelda Wind Waker can go burn itself.
Actually I was back this afternoon but couldn't be bothered to blog.
In the meantime be sure to spam out http://debian.
But I mean, hey its a lazy Sunday night, so what else is there to do for those of us with no life.
What the game lacks in mini games it more then makes up for in side quests to keep the player content and involved with the game, which is always nice to see.
/bin/debian would be the site currently residing on  urlLink http://debian.
Enter the Matrix currently tops the list of planned games to purchase for the soon to be aquired Gamecube.
Neos, Trinitys, Morpheus', Oracles of the net, do me and many other people a favor:  Shut the fuck up.
Didn't blog lately, because frankly, nothin happened.
Where does that leave me now?
Try and learn Perl instead of VB?
Yes its quite mad, I assure you, I'm very insane.
