Dr Hoover is one of the few researcher(mebbe 2-3 more exist) in the world who believe in gods view robot vision.
I get a RA from Hoover on tuesday.
I asked Hoover for an assitantship.
Did the condensation algorithm from 2 in the afternoon to 1 at night.
today in Yahoo Fantasy Basketball someone offer me Reggie Evans for Rasheed Wallace...
This desi friend of his got 7 tickets in a day.
will lose 200$... My credit history is already screwed.
Its has wireless connectivity + all the classic features in a palm.
Does it have something to do with my personality or something.
Have to be more focussed.
I am happy that this literature review is finally over.
I need to actually sit and read them :)  I am planning to graduate by october cause I have been here for quite sometime now.
Too lazy to go back at night.
So till tomorrow.... Just been to Lees defense... maaannnnn got freaked out.
I would be working in Barnes and Nobel for around 15-20 hrs/week in summer and wld be research for Mcneill for the remaining 20 hrs.
I had such trouble understanding it.... fortunately now i know it well ...
On particle filters I cant get the goddamn ideal particle sampling size...
She has a very bad funda of going to pubs at 1 am which is very irritating as pubs close at 2.
presently working on the Dislk on chip lab for embedded computing course.
I downloaded all my fav songs using kazaa and would be burning a CD.
org  I would not purchase meat labeled with:  A) A listing that said "Animals contained within this package: ".
I met sabrina (friend from leadershape) after nearly 2 months.
341 lines of matrix code.
I wish to inform you that i am the manager of audit and accounting department of our bank.
Its so stupid.... One walks around with a tray of goddies atleast hundred times around the hall with a smile planted on ones face.
Am planning to sing for the CISA(Clemson Indian Student's Association) welcome  party.
Everything was taken care of.
patch it and the load the kernel on a M Syatem chip and boot the chip.
I did manage to do both but not how i wld have like it done.
Hes hiring a post doc from India so I gave him tips on how to get someone good and what to look for in a Indian researcher.
I sent him the gui without the interrupt...
Been to the easter mass in brooks center in the morning.
It deals with me being a "middle man" between the council and various organizations in clemson.
I beleve Health is a humanitarian issue and shld be done free of cost.
Piyush likes such gizmos and has money to indulge...
Its a pleasant Friday afternoon at Clemson.
Now 4 cop cars started following our desi... our desi thought they were in an emergency and moved over to the left lane ... like we do in India.
One can make and join communities on this site....
Presently there are a lotta good deals.
I had to get up at 6.45 and mail Dr Mcneill my code before he checks his mail in the morning, then I had to study the condensation algorithm before meeting Dr Grimes at 1 pm.
Dr Mcneills work is more or less done and I have to tweak the gui to look good now... after that I work in configuring the linux kernel on his PC and just administrative work.
The 46 ants have survived for 14 days....    And here is my family background::      My family is buddhist... but I converted to jewism on my 12th bday.
Downloaded some more seinfeld episodes.
Why cant there be a world without walls.... A world of brotherhood.... irrespective of the color of one's skin or of social,economic status.
My mom is a researcher too whos research is similar to mine but she experiments on humans.
ron used to teach robotics at a coll nearby and he was discussing some aspects of it with me.
I think finally particle filtering algo is done.
The request of a foreigner as next of kin in this business is needed in the fact that the customer was a foreigner and a Burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner by claiming this fund.
Our desi realised that he was in deep shit.
Feel a little better today.
I am not in touch with her and I wonder what she is upto.
past one month I have basically tortured myself by taking on too many responsibilities... Embedded computing course is killing me...(day before yest I sat 26 hours coding non stop without food,water or sleep.
I have this thing with chicks at mass.
I took up this post partly because it would help build my profile if I plan to do an MBA.
Nsom has run into some problems as the computational ovehead is a bit too much... more than 400% on the execution time so have to look into it.
Have a busy weekend scheduled.
The mbuild tool wasnt able to include the libs.
I logged onto my msn and searched for her contact... then a couple of stupid clicks later I added her to my chat list.
I expect your urgent response.
anup and arvind on guitar me on vocals.
My father is a monk who lives in sri lanka.
HE DID IT FOR UR MONEY   I hope medicine wld be totally automated someday and we wld be free from these leaches.
I need to give that sufficient time.
I was to go there with Annie but she ditched me.
Myself, nirup and some of my clemson friends are going to the smokies for rafting.
I'm testing Dr Mcneills patience to the hilt..   Have to get back to work  cya someone has a blog but just dosent wanna to tell me about it... that someone reads my blog but dosent want me to read his.... this blogger is a close friend of mine... very very close... now who is this ??????????
I took up just 2 courses this sem.
next 2 hours I'll work on sampling size... if I dont get it... im take ni's M/C vision classes been to boston.... was one of the best trips i have made in the US.
he started 14th... then he has a small accident which forced him to change the cars' nose... so he was last but he fought back to end the race on 8th position.
I plan to go to florida in summer so I go about asking everyone what places are good to visit there...
His detection rate was pretty good - between 87 and 91%.
He found that driver of the car behind didnt show any frustration - like in India, He didnt even make an atempt to beat him up.
PERCENTAGE RATIO:-- I agree that 35% of this money will be for you as foreign partner, in respect to the provision of a foreign bank account, 5 % will be set aside for expenses that may occur during the business and 55% would be for me as the pioneer or one who disclovered the business while 5% will be shared to the helpless peoples around us in the world such as ,motherless babies,charity homes,disable peoples and so on.
Matt and Vishal want to meet their friends, I'll just tag along... One more interesting thing that we all were planning was to take a trip to MIT robotics lab...
Our desi felt all was right and drove off.
He is considered the father of motion planning of robots.
Have to get a timetable working....  Yest we partied.
Stayed in one hell of a posh skyscapers in Boston downtown.
What got us was ankurs sick idea of back to back bottoms up.
I have even asked some ppl the same question more than twice.... hahhaha Everyone around me is busy studying.
Was down with fever yest.
E) A specific picture of the exact individual animals as they are being killed.
About Mcneill - Initially he was analysing me and appeared quite strict, asking me to get the results.
hahhahah     I missed the Good friday passion so I can't afford to miss the Easter mass tomorrow.
Today was like any other monday.. Boring....
till later  sunil Chk her out:  http://www.
I came to school at 11 pm yest night with a one point agenga of working on my thesis... met vipul and krishna who convinced me that watching the gp at 1.30 made more sense... and that I can get up early the next morn and work(this never works)... bought their argument.
I got her hotmail id and I wanted to chk her hotmail profile.
nooooo      ok ok just one clue...     Its this one big dickhead from univ of santa barbara who is doing his phd       NIRANJAN SHETTY      Bingo      here is his link  http://www.
I butler passed for 4 hours and I believe me it ranks no 1 on my list of most boring jobs I have done.
have taken 2 trips along the east coast.... have to visit the west...  have to spend american independance at alicias place...   have to work my ass off this weekend to cover up for 2 weeks of pleasure..
Have to decide....       will write in later Been to the smokies.... camped, hiked... did white water rafting too... was grt fun...I have posted the pics on my site.
The last time we did it Nirup nearly lost his life as he fell off the raft...
Last night when I was trying to sleep...
Hope to see her around this fall.
Was at the Botanical garden.
I am surfing orkut(for the uninitiated - it is a networking site to keep track of friends).
Hey Sid  Wanted to know if you are just sharing your blog or you want us to post our progress on our vision(MotivationCheck being the name of the blog) too?
I have applied for reseaarch funding to National Science foundation.
we ate some indian food at the temple.
