(Comments from potential sympathizers and critics as well!)
Reading an excellent new Rand book called "The New Left: The Anti-Industrial Revolution"  About the "new" left of the 60's and 70's.
Never actually had that before, it makes me feel really really stupid, like when I was high, absolutely drained and slow.
You can disagree with the policies, but you can’t argue that Rumsfeld hasn’t fulfilled his duties as the civilian leader of one of the world’s largest military.
I got a gmail account (www.
(They rightfully protested the impeachment due to a lack of strong justification.
Yes, Nathan, Don has experience.
Like, a feeling of being drained, as if the frontal lobe of your brain could get fatigued.
Ahh, that was sucky, sucky day, you go the entire day, thinking you did REALLY well, unexpectedly so.
However, just because someone is technically good, doesn't mean they're a good actor.
net/News/DOMESTIC/XML/1151_President__White_House__Advisers/7dc7fb7f-ca89-44d5-a85e-b951655e7851.html, you will see that "there were high-level discussions within the Bush administration last fall about information from the International Committee of the Red Cross alleging inmate abuse at the U. S.-run Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq."
Yes, Joe, the buck does stop at Rumsfeld's desk.
Anybody who's seen an episode of Law and Order knows what I'm talking about.
Perhaps the village in Texas will even regain its idiot.
He certainly does not deserve a flattering label given to him by Cheney who proclaimed: "Don Rumsfeld is the best secretary of defense the United States has ever had."
Fourth was long, but i got an assload done, God I lvoe off periods, if it weren't for them I might actually, you know, have to do math homework at home.
I've also been looking at school's...I really need good board scores is what it comes down to...damn not having good enough grades for the cream of the crop, fucking you miss bratun.
I feel justice should be served to those who carried out the inhumane acts against Abu Ghraib prisoners.
I need to have more of a plan to what I have to say with my life.
If I didn't assure you before, I do still support our troops.
(Pardon me for the corny speech, it's late at night.)
A shakeup at the military’s highest level, Rumsfeld’s desk, would only exacerbate the underlying problem causing the abuse in the Iraqi prison system.
He's owned up to his failures and he knows that he has to be even more aware and even more vigilant of exactly what the military is doing.
I don't see him blatantly doing any criminal acts, like, say lying to a grand jury.
We can all thank the Bush administration for that by sending them back home in November.
That's all I want, to break to state, from there, sky's the limit.
hmm, well, I'd better get to sleep, talk to you later blog!
That doesn't make any sense outside of context, let me explain.
Who's more important, me, or other people.
Dammit, I'm sounding stream-of-consciousness, I hate that, stream-of-consciousness is bullshit.
However, that does not justify his various failures and mishandling of the prison abuse and torture.
Only at one time in American history has the US military gone through a similar scandal.
This scandal was caused by apathy on our part.
Yet, as the civilian leader of the military, Rumsfailed bears some responsibility for these kinds of scandals.
I have to say I would not cry a single tear nor protest one bit if Rummy stepped down.
Debate is great, I love it, it allows me to crush the minds of lesser mortals, and what the hell coud be better than that?
The big news i referred to in my last post was asking lisa lewis to prom, sadly she said no.
It means that our credibility has been tainted further and future relations with countries will take a long time to heal.
I guess that's what it feels like to be stupid and try and concentrate on a difficult concept, it just can't be done.
I thought that what poeple thought of as artistic expression was actually just an imaginary imperfection placed in the music or whatever.
We, right here at home, have the ability to change things.
The reporter has a lot of experience ;).
Crappy form of immortality, but it's the only one we's gots.
Love life, on the other hand has been rotting in a pit for, i'm pretty sure, more than a year.
She was pregnant the entire year, though, and when she had her baby in february suddenly we were being taught by a video.
When I concentrate though....quite depressing.
It will of course pertain to politics and current events, but as I said before, few things are certain.
Well, I'm a little nervous, something big's gonna happen tomorrow (can't say until tomorrow though, someone might find out....) And i don't really want to know.
Also, Joe, Rumsfeld ain't exactly Richard Nixon, now is he?
;) )  P. S. As always, fight the power!
It kinda sucks, but oh well, you win some and you lose some and thngs'll turn around eventually, hell, i'm interested in a couple girls right now.... though i'll probably chicken out, sadly enough.
This seems more stable and permanent, you know?
Below the president, secretary of defense Donald Rumsfeld cannot and should not hold blame for the scandal.
I guess I understand the compulsion to write a novel, it's hard to get enough detail on a few pages to get a decent idea across without out and out saying it.
Who would want to be part of an organization that killed babies and burned villages, the thinking went.
Yes, this is a twilight zone episode, and there go my glasses.
I have one real goal for this summer: find a girl who's interesting, intelligent, (hopefully) attractive, and who's attracted to me...that needs to be done...soon.
Rumsfeld, whether you like him or not, has experience.
It hurts to think how much stuff we'll have to knwo by the end of the year, by heart, and how badly we're being taught it.
Domestically, the story has met with widespread disgust.
On this blog we hope to offer some incisive, cutting, and always entertaining political point-counterpoint on all the relevant issues of the day.
What Joe next goes into, and where we disagree, is that the resignation of Donald Rumsfeld is warranted right now.
Hell, i'm even going to Whitamn over the summer for two weeks of debate camp!
Ahh, Cheley...  Again, what are you gonna do.
Man, i crack myself up WEll, how 'bout i update this thing so that all of you who obsessively check my AIM buddy info get something interesting to read.
I also don't recall anyone protesting Clinton's impeachment due to his many years of experience as President- not even from liberals or Democrats.
And of all dates to get back here, September 11th.
If the audience is bored or if the audience jsut plain doesn't like a certain part of a play, then it's bad acting.
A good actor is someone who can make the audience feel something, be it happiness, sadness, pity, whatever.
And, in good conscience, no man in his right mind could condone actions like this.
Sorry for the spelling and grammar, whatever I'm fucking nocturnal.
He has publicly said that he was shocked and appalled at the images.
Is this true, is this false?
Do you realize they didn't apologize until public opinion toward a lack of apology turned sour?
I also understand other countries and frustrated citizens within these foreign countries do not necessarily understand or support these sentiments.
Oh, hope you like the new look for the blog, wanted people to comment.
I don't recall hearing about anyone protesting the resignation of Nixon due to his political experience.
America would have been left defenseless.
Interrogation is not a pretty thing.
Felt like gettign this out, I'd like to remember the emotion that i'm feeling now...and this seems...permanent Dammit, I'm angry.
Drug use was rampant, discipline lax, American military bases were trash-filled dumps, allegations of rape spread like wildfire, and the entire command structure was for all intents and purposes, ignored.
Before a couple weeks ago no one would have even considered abuse as damming as the red cross said was occurring in it's report, which (excerpted from the executive summary) ranged from  * Brutality against protected persons upon capture and initial custody, sometimes causing death or serious injury;  * Absence of notification of arrest of persons deprived of their liberty to their families causing distress among persons deprived of their liberty and their families;  * Physical or psychological coercion during interrogation to secure information;  * Prolonged solitary confinement in cells devoid of daylight;  * Excessive and disproportionate use of force against persons deprived of their liberty resulting in death or injury during their period of internment....
Not even that, I could have given away the TWO invitations i was given for a combined total of an amount of money I don't really want to think about.
What was once an exciting venture is now a mere memory in cyberspace.
Had a nice long conversation with him, which was really nice, I really miss the whole rediculously long converastion thing that you coudl have with people while hiking.
That's right, assloads, literally.
(In a break from the sarcasm, Hersh truly does have established credibility.)
If i could count the number fo times people were surprised that i mentioned i had a ham sandwich or something, I'd be god damned deep blue.
I mean, it can be nice, it can be fun, it can be entertaining, but the whole thing is just so fucking shallow.
Excellently is debatable.
Things being on the up and up is always nice...now if only things were on the up and up on the girl angle.
Fucking judges, I hate them with an all-consuming passion.
I also hope comments from the blog's audience will not be scarce.
It wouldn't be so bad, thouh, if people weren't such dumbasses.
I wonder if blogger edits out the cursing, never checked...  Oh, you should check  this  out... http://http://www.
All comments are welcome by everyone (even if you're an anonymous coward) and all opinions will be respected.
People just seem to be so damn fascinated by that which is different than them.
there's always college to do better than that....  NDT here i come....(HA!)
In the 70’s, following Vietnam, the entire American military practically cracked under social pressures.
Most of these methods are perfectly legal and within the bounds of the Geneva Convention and are used by militaries worldwide.
