You remember them don't you?
Always... always... always... always...
For in death and destruction,  Life is brought forth To rule and reign o’re All the earth.
I'm drawn to a blackened sky as I turn blue.
&nbsp; I'm thinking about changing my template sometime, but I probably won't for a while.
The trip to Wi-Ne-Ma is next Thursday and Friday.
Yeah, this song really gives me a lot of hope right now... cause my mom's pretty much going all at it telling me what a failure I'm going to be and how I'm not going to make anything of myself when I'm older (or just telling me to my face that I am a loser).
Professionals forget their parts and flee the stage.
I'm thwing lotta pothhose phul hay-ef-ee" Me: "You're eating alot'a pothohothes fwubm kthff?
We then had some dessert, and opened random presents.
(lol) Gwen and I talked at some point before 5:00, when Ben came sloshing up to the door.
I’d hugged her three times in less than an hour (and we never hug – we may have done it six times since we’ve known each other), and throughout the retreat, she had been acting affectionate toward other guys (mostly comforting them during worship), and now she was giving Adam a backrub.
Gwen (man, I miss her) > For her mission trip, that everything will continue to go well, that people will continue to function with lack of sleep and that they would all be protected from any diseases that might be going around (and bugs and stuff).
I just think that it surprised me and unnerved me a little when she brought up the question.
We eventually started doing random stuff together outside of school (movies, having lunch together, bringing her to my youth group several times…) and some people started arbitrarily labeling us as dating, though I didn’t think we were and I think (hope… wonder… whatever) that she didn’t either.
I just can't take any more...  this life of solitude...
Last month they handed out 17  thousand  dollars in $10 bills, one to every person in the building.
I need to get working on that  urlLink lyrics / mp3 page  later.
Oh, last night at the fair was fun!
I don’t remember much about Friday afternoon (but that’s okay ‘cause I videotaped a large amount of it), on account of sleep deprivation.
We were considering driving, but my dad’s against that.
(no sleep, much Xbox, etc...).
After I got out, I spent like ten minutes in a frikin’ hot sauna drying off.
Guess which has occurred.
We then went shopping for a tie (and decided I would just use one of my dad's instead.
Listening to:  Verve - Bittersweet Symphony ,  Red Hot Chili Peppers - Breaking the Girl ,  Jimmy Eat World - If You Don't, Don't  Talking to: Olivia  I have many topics to cover in this post, and I got something like 1½ hours of sleep last night... on my floor, so forgive me if portions don't make much sense.
Laurie ended up talking to her for like, twenty times longer than I did.
jpg   This boat rolled under this bridge during a flood, fully submerged, and came back up the other end.
He said that there’s no way he would leave I really honed in on that the entire drive to work.
urlLink Metallica - Enter Sandman   Say your prayers little one don't forget, my son to include everyone  tuck you in, warm within keep you free from sin till the sandman he comes  sleep with one eye open gripping your pillow tight  exit light enter night take my hand off to never never land  something's wrong, shut the light heavy thoughts tonight and they aren't of snow white  dreams of war, dreams of liars dreams of dragon's fire and of things that will bite  sleep with one eye open gripping your pillow tight  exit light enter night take my hand off to never never land  now I lay me down to sleep pray the lord my soul to keep if I die before I wake pray the lord my soul to take  hush little baby, don't say a word and never mind that noise you heard it's just the beasts under your bed, in your closet, in your head  exit light enter night grain of sand  exit light enter night take my hand we're off to never never land    G  o  o  d   N  i  g  h  t   f  e  l  l  o  w   b  l  o  g  g  e  r  s   a  n  d   o  n  l  o  o  k  e  r  s   a  l  i  k  e  .
("Broken clutch pedal", "Number three turbine has frequent flame-outs", "flux capacitor emits loud whine when engaged") We got up this morning and vacated our crappy motel pretty quickly.
To experience true love, we must be willing to open ourselves up and sacrifice part of our heart and part of our soul.
It’s interesting, if you knock the pendulum off balance or spin it around, the cart spans back and forth, constantly adjusting until its back up, balanced again.
The drive took about one-and-a-half hours.
Well I took the SAT 1s today... the math sections were a piece of cake, even though I *erm* forgot my calculator.
I don’t wear contacts  13.
He was unhappy with the setting?
I put Debian on my work laptop this morning... man, I put Debian on everything I can get my hands on.
(Sorry Jon, yours is coming - lol) Darren’s birthday was today, Jon's is this Sat.
We kept taking back roads at Trung’s direction and getting lost :).
conveniently a part of (thankyouthankyou now I’m not going to be stuck with just 9 middle schoolers - nothing against them as a whole... just this particular bunch can be sometimes rather ... annoying).
Always... always... always... always... always... always... always...
However, you attend a Baptist and she attends a Lutheran church.
The old lady with the frizzy hair gets off, leaving babbling woman on her own… I wonder if this was really her stop or if she just needed to get away.
"My heart bleeds even now At your pain that seems so endless" Tears flow faster down my cheeks, At the memories of bliss  "Cry my son, Cry for the love Cry for the loss Cry for the blood."
Brady came and picked me up around 2:30pm...
Once we were clear of Wi-Ne-Ma soil, we headed north several miles to Tillamook, home of the Tillamook Cheese Factory.
I promised Laurie that I'd post something tonight (well, this morning now...) but I also just promised Gwen that I would get to bed very soon, and you know how it is with girls - just can't turn them down (well.... for most things).
Holding the posessions we have in such high honor, rather than understanding that they're not that important, they're things God has blessed us with.
So we got a pretty nice case, with blue LED lit collums and a nicely lit power supply as well.
There is a really cool looking dog with a bone in it's mouth on my keyboard  18.
My mom's going (or more likely already gone) to go in and yell at them about it today.
This summer so far has been pretty slow, yet it's gone by quickly (that really doesn't make sense).
), OIT, PSU, and many others.
The first thing I noticed when I got to Cam’s house was the silhouette of someone with an AEG automatic weapon aimed out his window at my car, and the second thing I noticed was the automatic weapon firing rounds at my car … with very very good aim (or bad aim, depending on what he was aiming for… I’m assuming he was trying to hit  near  my car, but not actually  hit  my car.
You're probably wondering why I'm posting here again, and not on my personal hosted blog.
Oh, btw, I very much doubt that I'll be online much, much less blog between now and then.
I then donned a regular jacket in place of my suit, and we walked a couple more blocks over to the theater to buy tickets for another showing of Nemesis.
I got a ride back to school with Tyler (the only other person from our school to go, other than me and Gwen… well, other than me, since Gwen didn’t go… *wah again*).
It's interesting: we've driven  exactly  1000.1 miles from my front door to the front of this hotel... We've got a picture to prove it.
Anyway, we went sperately, and when I got there, I found them up at the Summit foodcourt getting well, food.
I just can't take any more... this life of solitude...
We kept going outside, and making random videos involving little dancing chipmunks, and alternately going back inside and watching random movies (including the Princess Diaries, and some Ernest movies, before we got scared by what we thought was a cougar.
I'm pretty content with what I have, I think it comes from not really having that much.
Lunch wasn’t much better.
It mostly consisted of our three basketball teams (girl’s, guy’s JV, and guy’s V) facing each other off in an amazing set of playoffs (well… two), using a beach ball-sized ball, with circus music playing in the background.
I get annoyed easily  16.
Well, it’s already 2:24 a. m., and I’d better be getting off to bed.
Several major points off the top of my head:  1.
The town that we lived in.
Steven (not Sus, a youth leader) was talking about how we can still honor God in Christmas celebration by making the whole thing about Him, even though almost every symbol of the holiday and the holiday itself has pagan roots.
Leaving the problems of the day To meet the bliss, that is meeting you.
I've been suspended until further notice (which will hopefully be deliberated tonight) for having 100 demerits.
Since I happen to be A. D.D.
This is all well and good except for a counseling appointment that my mom had made a while back (without telling me) for 4:00 tomorrow.
At some point we were messing around outside and someone stuck Adri in a compost recycling bin (ensuing chaos and funness... like the owners of the bin coming out of their house and us fleeing, and the girls getting into a water fight which led to them getting into the hot tub in the back).
In a short time; soon: She will arrive presently.
finally I got sick of waiting behind parked (literally) cars and cut into the bus lane momentarily.
The payload on the sleigh adds another interesting element.
But yeah, I think eventually the six of us in our group that were up there got tired of the ear-shattering loudness and the heat, even though there was an industrial fan blowing on stage (girls randomly lifting their dressed in front of it… or maybe by it… whatever) and went back to our table.
Once more there are multiple Smiths (and Weavings), and they’ve taken over the body of Neo’s schizzy shipmate, Bane (Ian Bliss).
To his surprise, the donkey came in third!
I want to get into at least seeing her every two weeks...
Speaking of pics, I have a background changer that changes my background picture every so often, and it happened to be on this really cute picture of Gwen and Danie from the banquette.
Brady (my friend that went blind last Sunday) is doing really well, all things considered.
BUT since Santa doesn't appear to handle the Muslim, Hindu, Jewish and Buddhist children, that reduces the workload to 15% of the total — 378 million according to Population Reference Bureau.
Whatever... 04/07/2004 23:22.36 Inferno0777: My mom set something in the microwave for 23 minutes instead of 2 minutes 30 seconds 04/07/2004 23:22.36 Inferno0777: lol 04/07/2004 23:22.43 thefirebreathes7: HAHA 04/07/2004 23:22.50 thefirebreathes7: how long was it runing?
Later, my mom and my aunt picked me and Steven up and took us to home after Taco Bell.
Apple to announce mini iPods (2GB and 4GB models, starting at $100)    How to turn your cubicle into a house... and decorate for Christmas at the same time!
If they don't, they never were."
But, no matter whether she was right or not, it got me thinking about us over the last day or so.
No it wasn't, at first sight, But the moment I looked twice.
I can't live without you...
I'm reather unhappy about some of the scores I've been getting in subjects at school, particularly Spanish and AP Calc.
Once the bus finally got there (like ½ an hour later), we rode it to a transit center in downtown Portland, but before we got off, we met an interesting couple that seemed rather... high.
(lol)  He reappeared a few minutes later with the missing prop - a phone.
I think we got him to think he wanted to get off at a sooner stop than he would have by how many times we asked him which stop was his, but who knows… maybe he did live there?
The night is still young - I have much to do.
I got no secret purpose, I don't seem obvious do I?
And here is my opinion, because I'm done with all this crap.
