i move it around and it pops a few times.
and we were all like fuck you we became a country.
ive never seen julia hathaway but i hear shes super hot.
nothing, everyone is asleep  7) When did you last step outside?
sucked for him bc it was in like 15 minutes.
but it was so funny, he was like out of it, like drunk or i dont know, and was wearing a big necklace.
and he opens jean renos vest and he has like 6 grenades in there and the whole place just explodes.
like when the indians traded their land to the white men in exchange for their lives, but then the cherokees tried buy it back with fireworks and casinos.
then i parted with the mexo's and went to micky d's for a drink.
i was really hoping to get some crazy flatground no wheels skating in.
but the thing that got me so mad was this kid, rodrigo i think it was.
we cleaned up and everyone just died and went to sleep.
that was a big blow to my skating career.
so its time to get serious and get those back.
so i call up the negro and he couldnt make it to noroton so he had to get off at stamford and hes on the bus to my house now.
everyone contributed and we ended up filling the whole thing up all the way to the top.
so long story short we end up going to erikas to hang out.
so then we bust out to prudential, which to my surprise, is now Wachovia Securities!
when i dryed off my arm, it was all red and the bites were like sticking out and all whitish.
so me and james get really into it and like im learning tricks.
so im like all like wow i totally just had that.
so then we go skate the spots at SONO.
everyone was dancing and going crazy.
T- still mad as hell and got the hell outta there for fear of someone calling the cops on him.
we talked for a bit, but then i had to go to phase 2 of my training in which i needed the field, so he was all like ill be riding over here and i was like alright.
we get there and just skate and get kicked out in like 7 minutes.
so were both like holy shit.
the new vid is actually and old plan b video but it was still good.
i was close to getting the f/s 360 and b/s heely on the hill.
i dont wanna hurt anybody's feelings.
Everyone looks up to you as the benchmark for being coooool.
he droped me off and now im here, probably typing up my last entry to my blog.
23) Randomness:  that would suck to live in a trailer park ah yes, the much fabled and talked about blog of aris.
he seemed to get pretty aggravated so we jsut left.
i dotn remember what i was doing.
but anyways, i didnt plagiarize, i think.
i thought today was gonna be good and all but noooooo, it just had to suck bc i suck at life.
then i find out that omars grandma had children when she was 12, so i start calling omars grandma a big slut.
then i borrowed chomp and james was gonna take me home but instead we went to the bay to find erika.
so we go to bobby's and T opens the door and we come in and jay is there and theyre playing t. h.u.
bert  21) Imagine your first child is a boy, what do you call him?
they fought some more and brian was just out.
i would make this quiz shorter  19) Do you like to dance?
on sunday, i wake up and start itching the crap out of it again.
Knows how to make friends.
we met up with alex and his girl and skated uconn for a while and then i ended up going home with a shattered self esteem.
i was pretty paranoid, looking over my back to see if anyone was following me.
so many things change, like they cut down this tree at this church that we used to skate at, so that was pretty insane.
you would see things in like a frame per second.
so now im like itll get better so i leave it alone.
i wish i could post pictures on here.
at about 2 i had two things to do: either go to erikas and chill with jordan and her, or go to stamford and have a blast skating.
we ended up filling up the whole twister bottle, a gatorade bottle, and half of a two liter cherry cola bottle that night.
we then went to skate prudential, in which we got the boot.
Step back - the future's so bright for you it's blinding me!
then i do it and i land it.
and i mean really really sucked.
the name says it all: burt.
i go to the square and bobby is there!
june 14, today is my birthday.
so hes all sad and leaves her alone.
then bussey beats me up because ive never heard a beatles song.
hahaha i was laughing my ass off on post road thinking about it.
after skating the circle we went to prudential, known as wachovia now, but it will always be prudential to me.
and theres still time to skate.
i dont know where will went, he wasnt in his bunk.
so im like alright whatever ill let it slide.
but after my period of non-blogging, i dont even skate anymore.
its prob the first cross dressing hobo i have ever seen.
what happened goes like this.
after a while omar gets all mad and starts getting all hypocritical (bam!!
we then decided to go to carolines house, but she wasnt home, so we went back to my house.
was watching ugly girls getting makeovers by hot chicks on mtv  14) What do you think of this quiz?
like if someone raised their hand, you would just see them standing still, then the next thing you would see is their hand would be raised in the air.
and one of them was trying to get on this kids bike and he was all like "yo, u best get ur sister yo, before she kills herself on my bike yo".
it was like all blocked off and weird and i skate down farther and theres a concert going down.
and i felt really bad i said that.
so many things were going down.
so im skating in his basement and im all hyped up.
this is aris, saying, good night connecticut, and have a pleasant tomorrow... well, today didnt turn out half bad.
so he had to haul ass all the way to noroton train station.
so that lowered my self esteem.
talk about showing up fashionably late.
what a good way to end a horrible day.... wow, i havent blogged in a while.
oh well, im still stoked on how it came out though.
the movie was sick though.
but we got kicked out a lot that day.
2) Stretch your left arm out as far as you can.
i had to go through all the choices before i made my descision.
oh yea, i still need something insipirational to write on my griptape to get me psyched for when im skating.
then we got the rave going and it was awesome.
and the little girl is all mad and shes like i want you to teach me how to clean.
so we walk there and just talk about stuff.
i had to think this one thouroughly.
couldnt find anything to do.
i usually go home at around 8:30 but this time i left at 8:00.  i got home later that day and my shoulder hurt so bad.
and it was like 120 minutes long so it was crazy.
i didnt think i could pull it off.
Any cooler and you'd freeze!
this is when i found out why rodrigo wasnt doing anything at the cirlce benches.
