bc hes really starting to piss me off.
either her or michelle..whoever i was talkin to.
but then i hate the fact i wont be seeing him taht often.
and we make plans but stuff keeps happenin.
like i duno how to react...i know i should be happy for him.
there was a guy there named kyle.
ive worked my ass off just to get this far.
ok so me and stef took a bus to vintage oaks bc we were bored.
and like will was there adn we went to the softball field across the street from baskin robins.
shortAZNpwer06: sorta ForeverYoung1414: ya know...its ok to like it..and want it, ...and talk about it shortAZNpwer06: yea ForeverYoung1414: do you want to talk about it?
shes my best friend in the whole world.
hahah underwear   ridin the bus is hella fun.
shortAZNpwer06: bc im not gona deny and lie and say i dont bc yea i sucked dick Mz wUvAbLeZ: cuz its true shortAZNpwer06: yea i know Mz wUvAbLeZ: dickZZZ shortAZNpwer06: sorrry Mz wUvAbLeZ: wateva Mz wUvAbLeZ: yew dont mean it Mz wUvAbLeZ: datz hella fucked up  Mz wUvAbLeZ: datz ur goin around makin out wit peepz Mz wUvAbLeZ: yew dont reallie knoe Mz wUvAbLeZ: i didnt do dat shortAZNpwer06: thats gr8 for you i guess Mz wUvAbLeZ: yea it ish Mz wUvAbLeZ: cuz im not actin lyke a slut  fuckin what kinda friend says that to you?
or being held up at gun point.
i dont think so bc i barley ever drink.
but like i talk to braynt.
like i was waiting for jessica or kelly to be like courtney can i talk to you?
fuckin sucks ass valentines day sucks.
its like self destruction.
liek thats the last time i ever want to walk down town by myself again!
AlxMtb6: u  know what i mean shortAZNpwer06: ok shortAZNpwer06: hahahaa AlxMtb6: wat u think i mean shortAZNpwer06: i have no idea shortAZNpwer06: but its ok....ill just pretend AlxMtb6: u have to have some idea shortAZNpwer06: kinda AlxMtb6: well what u think i mean AlxMtb6: u most likely arnt wrong shortAZNpwer06: haha like from getting together wiht only asians to ..ya AlxMtb6: me?
but everyone came up there.
but cheer wise football is so much more fun and not as complicated.
com: but h only stays for a couple days evilbabi666@mac.
i was talking to jessi and she says no one really thinks im a slut.
i seriously thought chris wasnt like any of the other freshman boys.
it was like a burst of fresh air.
it scares me when sumone really cares.
like he knows where all my weak spots are.
but i guess we didnt see it the same.
but im like what teh hell im not ready to have sex.
so then like im by myself.
paul HOLLINGSWORTH calls me up and is lik e. hey courtney you this is paul what are u doing right now..blah blah ..u want to drink tonight?
musicmania3443: :-D shortAZNpwer06: i duno shortAZNpwer06: still pretty piss how my "friends" would think of that musicmania3443: lol, well u know wat we are all guys shortAZNpwer06: ya shortAZNpwer06: but sum of our girl firends are mean too musicmania3443: so wat else are we supposed to think, plus at the time we didnt know that it was  sumone elses ticket musicmania3443: so there musicmania3443: and it is kinda odd that a cheerlearder won shortAZNpwer06: but u still thought that musicmania3443: u have to admit that shortAZNpwer06: not really musicmania3443: im srry shortAZNpwer06: fuck you musicmania3443: u forgive me shortAZNpwer06: and everyone else shortAZNpwer06: i might ..eventually musicmania3443: :'( shortAZNpwer06: aww too bad musicmania3443: :'(:-shortAZNpwer06: hahah i feel so mean musicmania3443: i thought u said that other ppl on the cheer squad were mean shortAZNpwer06: yea shortAZNpwer06: they are musicmania3443: so are u including urself?
shortAZNpwer06: uh everyone shortAZNpwer06: fukcin everyones a bitch musicmania3443: no bc not all ppl can help u if they have already tried  shortAZNpwer06: i dotn even know why i hang out with them musicmania3443: so ur sayin jessicas a bithc musicmania3443: bitch* shortAZNpwer06: no  musicmania3443: but u said everyone shortAZNpwer06: stop puttin words im my mouth musicmania3443: im not shortAZNpwer06: u know what i mean musicmania3443: i am just sayin wat u have already said shortAZNpwer06: stop tryin to be a smart ass with me bc im pissed out of my mind musicmania3443: im not tryin to be a smart ass shortAZNpwer06: whatever musicmania3443: i swere and if i am then i am srry bc all i am trying to do is tell u sumthing and ur not letting it sink in shortAZNpwer06: bc i dont want it to musicmania3443: bc if u did then it would make sense shortAZNpwer06: i can find out about life on my own musicmania3443: i am not tryin to tell u how live ur life shortAZNpwer06: i dont want ppl telling me everythng...itll just ruin it for me shortAZNpwer06: no ur not...but ur just tellin about it musicmania3443: how can ppl tell u everything, they dont know everything.
so there isnt really one specific name  in reality ...there isnt a perfect guy yo.
But like i dont want ot set my self up for a heart break.
no one really cares how ur jacking off.
and i was like "yea thats probably me' as i was doing.
sitting across the quad place just so i can avoid it.
i was like no bc 1)thats giving up everything i stand for...random hook ups.
and for the ppl i already knew from sinaloa but didnt really know them before....what assholes.
and why it doesnt just kill me already.
shortAZNpwer06: i duno shortAZNpwer06: its the fact how wonderful sm is shortAZNpwer06: talkin shit about me shortAZNpwer06: sm= gr8 shortAZNpwer06: just beautiful C00LN4M3: im sorry C00LN4M3: i really am  just gr8.
com: ooh ima call you quarter now shortAZNpwer06: haha shortAZNpwer06: so whats up..heard ur in montana evilbabi666@mac.
then came home and did nothing.
i wonder if hes feelin  the same.
i feel bad for all the ppl who dont know her.
so theyr really not gf and bf.
and hes like oooh ok. yeah.
i really want to hang out with carl now.
like hed wake up at 5 so he can climb mt burdell so we can watch the sunrise over novato.
its not that far compared to others but its far for me.
but seriously ive met sumone who treated me so differently and like now i find him and he leaves.
but with leo its different.
and he calls and is like where are you.
fuck all the 'treat other how you want ot be treated' like fuckin no one else plays that game.
tomoros gona be worse though... its just gona be staying home and getting cheer stuff ready.
anywhere is better than home.
and im like uh thanks but i got to go.
i wonder if my new years eve plan will work.
And for the ppl i dotn really hang out with it btu they know.
it was ok. but like after stef like fliped out on canada bc she was being a bitch.
but hten ben and him gave me a ride home at like 11. i almost passed out.
and like he gives us 2 bottle of beer.
i thought they were different.
almost as bad as being dumped.
and like brock bacon (chelseas bro) is pretty funny.
and im a freshman only beginning my future.
no one can bring me down.
com: and i slept at his house last night shortAZNpwer06: coo evilbabi666@mac.
like it would be so wrong to not be proud.
so she found it and we watched it.
shortAZNpwer06: im kinda pissed off musicmania3443: kinda musicmania3443: ur blowin a gaskut musicmania3443: u seem like u have sumthin on ur mind that is really buggin u musicmania3443: ?
taco bell is my new favorite place...... my moms sooo gay.
when we paid i wrote YOURE HOT on a napkin and put it in the folder thing.
i dont want to hold him back or anything.
maybe i shouldnt be saying this but some of the new cheerleaders for basketball season are a pain.
she says she wants me to slow down.
and melinda fucking lied to me too....she told me he went to sinaloa and he was her age and all that.
and then ricky called ..so a lil bit later i left and met up wiht him at albertsons adn we messed around back on mt burdell.
basketball season is gona be fun.
bc thats what sumone told me.
aaron was all mysterious but great.
haha edwin says hell take me to see  a day without a mexican  when he gets his lisecne next week!
it keeps everything in my head in order.
36. w0uld y0u hang 0ut with him and HIS friends: yeah, they cant be that bad since he chills with them and all   37. will he walk y0u t0 the d00r at the end: yeah.
well maybe its too soon to tell.
shortAZNpwer06: heeey evilbabi666@mac.
h2o L0v3: DO U GET IT NOW?
its stuff like that that also makes me happy.
when i need their support the most.
com: by who evilbabi666@mac.
like im more sad then angry.
right now im borrowing a cd.
and like hella chill... gave me a hicky...hahah... even mr addis comented on it.
i think my parents are catching on that i sneek out every night.
grrr its stuff like this that makes him and any other guys an asshole!!
like chris says he likes me still.
and its not like ive had ppl to talk to before.
