He also said, "You shouldn't be worried about your grades at all."
asp?authorcode=B703098&entry=10075 Well, that's all for now.
I'm not sure I got your question right Ashley.
(That is, unless I'm teaching Ash chemistry, which would delay my posts until late Thursday night or Friday afternoon.)
Alison: 580 Michael:520 Olivia: 460 Evan:160 Jonah:160 Sarah:160 Nathan:50 "I never tire of being useful."
I didn't  really want to be alone.
It was an awesome show!!!
(We are soooo going shopping with the money I make from our garage sale Monday!
It was an interesting time.
(Plane ticket costs too much!!)
I may be thin, but there are some instances when squeezing over - and not through - is the best way out, even if it means having to import another CD.
well i am weary so i shall leave you all with a tootles!!!
Festival is killing me..!
Jane had to go home after lunch (and after being presented with gifts for her and Ali's room at the Academy), but the rest of us went to see Harold and Kumar Go To White Castle.
as for the finals though, french was amazingly hard.
1) Ms. Means' car broke down while she was loading refreshments in the trunk.
On a better note, I finally saw my report card.
More cupcakes for Amaris!
I about sent anyone and everyone who tried to take the book from me within an inch of their lives!!
Our idea for this came from Compendium of Stupidity.
i'm looking for a job that gives me 40 hr work weeks...but i haven't been able to find any.
She said that she liked the name Jean Valjean.
We've got a couple of Cons coming up and would love to have you guys there.
I'll get out of it eventually, especially considering I'm going to a concert next Friday, NYC after that, and then family vacation after THAT, but I won't ever stop missing them and thinking about how much they mean to me.
We've expanded on so much this year, it's amazing.
For the time being, mine will be (someone/something) = (someone/something else) I'll get bored sooner or later and then I'll change it...OH!
It was really random, so yeah.
I'll tell you how that goes later.
and I listened to my CD player.
Points: Alison: 900 Michael: 520 Nathan:510 Sarah and Marten: 470 Olivia: 460 Jonah:320 Evan: 160 It's been really quiet here.
I thought it was hilarious.
It was so sad...i got so teary when kate hudson found out that her sister had died:( anywayz, it was a good chick flick.
I'm just a few hours away from seeing Nat.
Then, they amused themselves, and me, by going through Sarah's books.
G4: SRT   There were days when I was so crammed for time in SRT: finishing layouts on deadline day, going to Model UN meetings, AP study sessions, random conversations between Layman and Ammar about "The Apprentice," interviewing students for my news stories, hanging out in the Speech SRT...
It'll be connected tomorrow  sometime, which makes me very very happy.
Sorry this was such a short post.
It's not from anywhere imparticular, I just decided to write it.
I never put any on here that I myself have not found on the internet) 100 points to Alison for her "Look!
Yeah, so I sat there, listened, and even, *gasp* asked questions.
I was surprised by Means' scores.
Oops...)  Nothing else to say.
(Jane can agree with me on this one.
ashley gets to work with animals but i feel sorry for the animals considering how   wonderfully nice   she is to them!!!
Okay, now is when the mad points come in.
Sarah and I walked around Broadripple for a bit and then came home and waited for Evan by sitting outside in the grass and cooing at birds.
I'd have tons of SF/Sacto/LA stories to tell y'all, but I'm exhausted.
It's very hard to describe but the show is basically three guys who don't talk whose heads are entirely painted blue.
Think of if I had not put everything in a bulleted list!
It wasn't his fahter, so yeah.
it just frustrates me to learn that we have The Federalist papers, but nothign on psy.)
But I'm sure there will be great opportunities for you at the Academy, and I suppose I have to accept the idea of all of us leaving each other eventually.
We played two songs, neither of which I am really fond of, but ah well.
I spent the night at  Sarah's last night because mom worked until 6 am this morning.
You've all been really great though!
A BUNCH of groups had to have their scripts with them!
I came out with some good final products (pages), but I didn't feel my skills (writing) were used very well, and I didn't have a lot of support or people I could talk to.
And then the Chris got home and he and the kids left.
Then I went home around noon.
I though, did not get up, and  went back to sleep until 10h30.
Alison: 480 Evan: (still the most random player!)
Then we get out of school for winter break Dec. 23rd and go back January 3rd.
Just thought that I would post because I am very happy today!
(And Amaris, no summer gym this year!
R5-Choir (Crystal Harmony)- That was hard for me.
Since I last blogged I have seen two movies, which doesn't happen too often, at least not one right after the other!
DEMON child) just deleted my nice long post...
Apparently, he's been in the hospital for the last week and his liver failed.
There's some people I need to talk to though, and after that I should feel better.
And who could beat Ayu's open-stadium performance of it when she threw giant-sized balloons at the fans??
I mean, fish in the sky..." Hmm...I feel sort of bad, being the only one currently posting who's not going through some sort of mini-crisis, but I suppose there has to be some relief.
there is my life in a paragraph.
(I didn't even chance glancing at the shoes.)
happy sweet 16 jane:) didya check your cell yet?
dunno if i liked it more than the first one, but i have to agree with olivia.
Not many things have happened, but yeah.
I learned new things about myself and other people.
i need a tan so bad...i pasty and that means i'm not gonna be wearing shorts for a while.
R7: Chamber Orchestra  Orchestra was enjoyable.
Lat quote: To be loved, love.
French IV is supposedly when it gets good!
Mom got her tooth pulled last night.
;-)  "I never tire of being useful."
She sent me on a cruise in the Atlantic and left me here.
If you saw me tonight, I probably said  "I GOT EARS!"
:) And Ashley had the initial spark to get the blog going; I had wanted to do one before, but at that time Jane's computer was not compatible with Blogger.
I'm sry that all of you guys are having such a bad start to the summer, but i'm sure it'll get better later on.
I received a *wonderful* present from Arae this morning.
Well, You know that the tables have turned when your theater grade is way higher than your French and Latin grade averaged.
But i hung out with Ohio friends so it wasnt that bad.
I realized that I forgot my chem binder, that Routt was collecting, at home.
All of you who are taking Interdisc next year are missing out on Collier.
i heard on ripley's believe it or not that they actually made a car that ran on pond scum.
And, and, My favorite disney movie is...(I don't like disney movies)...uh...Beauty and the Beast?
You're new quote is Forsan miseros meliora sequentur.
Ah well...  "Don't worry.
I am taking summer school.
(Behind French, of course!)
I would have tracked down everyone myself, but I had an orthodontist appointment during R7/Lunch and part of my R8 chem class.
It makes it so much easier to type more "emotional" sentences in all caps for those of us who don't use the "touch typing" method.
