Unfortunately, it set the local power plant aflame.
you should see the sequal.
They're my really strange pick-me-up.
You died aged 87 in New York, sharing an apartment with the flock of pigeons who were by then your only friends.
It was strangely hard to topple, and even then could not be broken up.
When calibrated to be in tune with the planet's resonance, it created what is still the largest man-made electrical surge ever, an arc over 130 feet long.
SANA'Y WALA NANG WAKAS Sharon Cuneta  Sana'y wala ng wakas Kung pag-ibig ay wagas Paglalambing sa'yong piling Ay ligaya kong walang kahambing  REFRAIN: Kung 'di malimot ng tadhana Bigyang-tuldok ang ating ligaya Walang hanggan ay hahamakin Pagka't walang katapusan kitang iibigin  CHORUS: Kahit na ilang tinik ay kaya kong tapakan Kung 'yan ang paraan upang landas mo'y masundan Kahit ilang ulit ako'y iyong saktan Hindi kita maaaring iwanan  Kahit ilang awit ay aking aawitin Hanggang ang himig ko'y maging himig mo na rin Kahit ilang dagat ang dapat tawirin Higit pa riyan ang aking gagawin  Sana'y wala ng wakas Kapag hapdi ay lumipas Ang mahalaga ngayon ay pag-asa Dala ng pag-ibig saksi buong daigdig repeat REFRAIN repeat CHORUS  'Di lamang pag-ibig ko 'Di lamang ang buhay ko'y ibibigay Sa ngalan ng pag-ibig mo Higit pa riyan aking mahal ang alay ko    Eto ang favorito ko na lov song.
YOU HAVE LESS THAN A WEEK TO EAT SOLID FOOD BEFORE SCHOOL STARTS.
I dunno..reviews always have such a euphoric effect on me.
i dunno Hey Mary, how come you dont post anything anymore?
Hey yall I finally tawked     and oh yeah  Ray for El Presidente (a.
One oscillator caused earthquakes in Manhattan.
so hows the summer been for ya.... well talk to u laterz  Britt OH THANKS FOR REMINDING ME DIEGO.
okay maybe some of you don't think this is very interesting but i do!
Edison snubbed you, but promised fifty thousand dollars if you could improve his own direct-current motor by 20% efficiency.
While whether the ray ever existed is still doubtful, it is said that you notified the Peary polar expedition to report anything strange in the tundra, and turned on the ray.
You found they let you work for days without sleep; Mark Twain enjoyed the experience until the sudden onset of diarrhoea.
Despite it being destroyed by fire, you invented the Tesla Coil, impressing even the least astute observer with man-made lightning and lights lit seemingly by magic.
brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla super_sycoh Highway    Tower of Commitment    9      Wealthville    24      Hobotown    66      Childbirth Hospital    156      Fame City    319      Please Drive Carefully               Username:      urlLink Where are you on the highway of life?
that's just weird So I take Viagra!
Nothing I was just kidding, dont beat me up.
The insects panicked and flapped their wings furiously, powering the contraption for hours on end.
In the midst of important work, you forgot trivial details such as eating, sleeping or, on one memorable occasion, who you were.
Do I really need anymore places to blog??
AND WHAT EXACTLY IS THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN??!!?!?!?!!?!?!???!
:D Nothing's been really great..and nothing's been really craptastic.
Your inventions, always eccentric, began on a suitably bizarre note.
urlLink   Which Mel Brooks Movie Are You?
The first was a frog-catching device that was so successful, and hence so emulated by your fellow children, that local frogs were almost eradicated.
Ahhh the power of cheese FLOSS OH YES MY OWN BLOG WHOOOHOOOOOOO you are so weird Yeah you know you like it, Just admit it!
Im hung the most in this planet!!
Saltine crackers were a favourite for their uniformity in this respect.
I can't escape the mundane, and I can't control my life.
I'LL TELL EVERYONE YOU DIED IN MEXICO BY MEANS OF LARGE RAMPAGING GORILLAS I wont go to school then.
This worked admirably until a small child came along and ate all the creatures alive, after which you never again touched another insect.
Prompted by dreams of attaining the then-ridiculed goal of achieving an alternating-current motor, you went to America in the hope of teaming up with Thomas Edison.
I'M  A  FOOD  CONNOSIEUR.
You also created a turbine powered by gluing sixteen May bugs to a tiny windmill.
PLUS I HAVEN'T BEEN HEARING THE LOUD PIERCING NOISE YET!!!
Hmm....*goes to ponder*                                        FIRST POST.
^_^ this is prolly the only way we could keep in contact w/ each other, other than the cell fone.
What are you going to do about that??
You can go from suck to blow in a matter of seconds, but you're really just looking for a good time in a winnebago.
but yeah...this is my sn btw: genidotcom...hehe...who's tom anyway?
Wardenclyffe, the tower once housing your death ray, was dynamited several times to stop it falling into the hands of spies.
It was not long until you created an AC motor by yourself.
Then they'll think that you did it because YOU look like a Gorilla!!!!
well yeah, you guys prolly don't know who i am.
At three you could multiply three-digit numbers in your head and calculate how many seconds visitors to your home had lived.
hey lisel i made u one of the admin.
You claimed to receive signals in quasi-Morse Code from Mars, explored the initial stages of quantum physics; proposed a "wall of light", using carefully-calibrated electromagnetic radiation, that would allegedly enable teleportation, anti-gravity airships and time travel; and proposed a basic design for a machine for photographing thoughts.
Although the wealthiest man in America withdrew funding for a larger, more powerful resonator in short order, it did not stop you announcing the ability to split the world in two.
urlLink *twitch*   then read lisel's  urlLink CLICK HERE mehehe!!
I feel good today, despite my ....piling problems.
urlLink From the fecund loins of Rum and Monkey.
FLOSS Im hung like a mini horse oh yeah  FLOSS Lisel that's like an insult to larry Lary is very hung.
well what are ya gonna do??
First, nothing happened; then it disintegrated an owl; finally, reports reached you of the mysterious Tunguska explosion, upon which news you dismantled the apparatus immediately.
by  urlLink  Kat007        Name:           Birthdate:           Favorite Color:           Country:           You were most probably:    Albert Einstein       If not then you were:    Elizabeth Short              Created with  urlLink   quill18  's  urlLink  MemeGen 3.0  !
You are Nicola Tesla, inventor of the Tesla Coil!
and it was very rude of me not introducing myself.
WEIRD FUNNY BOUNCING OFF THE WALLS.
(not) someone who's more hung than you Who's Larry??
OOh, that really turns me on!!!
Woot to the infinity  I know where he lives He lives inside all of you  Power to the People   Werd no wait its Word  I need a drink  Okay I think I am done typing                         Wait no I'm not weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee    Ray for Emperor  I am BatThumb WEIRD FUNNY BOUNCING OFF THE WALLS.
ALMOST TWO WEEKS AND  NO  SODA!!!
This tragedy haunted you ever after.
well, it's nice to know that i get to finally tawk to you once in a while on line...and not just waste minutes...hehe...anyway...since you're here...i'll just see you on line i guess...*wink wink* byeness!
WHY DO  YOU  FART SO MUCH???
Im bored...  i have to help little 1st graders at westfield school.....    MY LIFE IS A LIVING HELL  bye does it now?
what the hell is that supposed to mean??
SEE A WHOLE LOT OF NOTHIN!!!!!!!
You grew ever more diverse in your inventions: remote-controlled boats and submarines, bladeless turbines, and, finally, a death ray.
com Well it's about time that I got back to noticing my blogs....so...*notices blogs* Which Historical Lunatic Are You?
With whipped cream and butter and cheese and bread and monkeys and purple stuff and green stuff to go with it  and some nachos and a burp at the end.
During one affliction of cholera, you encountered the writing of Mark Twain, with whom you were later to be close friends.
You have a strange obsession with odd furry creatures and you need to pick your helmet up when drinking coffee.
Moving to Colorado Springs, you created a machine capable of sending ten million volts into the Earth's surface, which even while being started up caused lightning to shoot from fire hydrants and sparks to singe feet through shoes all over the town.
my name is geni, and i'm mary's cousin.
she made it on the  school  online newspaper!
Later, you insisted that any repeated actions in your day-to-day life had to be divisible by three, or, better yet, twenty-seven.
Ridiculed throughout your life (Superman fought the evil Dr. Tesla in 1940s comics), you were posthumously declared the father of the fluorescent bulb, the vacuum tube amplifier and the X-ray machine, and the Supreme Court named you as the legal inventor of the radio in place of Marconi.
A minister's son from Simljan in Austria-Hungary, you were precocious from an early age.
urlLink     urlLink Which Historical Lunatic Are You?
Now successful, you set up a small laboratory, with a few assistants and almost no written records whatsoever.
Mary you are stupid oh yeah don't forget Bruce is Gone WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What are you doing to my typing???
neato.... cool.. hey look what i learned to do!!
AND GEN YOU DIDN'T LEAVE YOUR E-MAIL ADDRESS FOR THEM TO HIT YOU UP ON.
OH YEAH STAY AWAY FROM  TOM!!!
urlLink   border=0>     HAHA.
i didn't think you could get any more weirder.
HE has HANDS     I am SuperThumb Whoosh  go away I hate you all  Don't Be Gay Vote For Ray!!!!!!!
Larry's hung like a whale!
he is hung like a donkey.
Just watch and you'll see me as a dirty crack whore!!
You returned to New York, incidentally toying with the nascent idea of something eerily like today's internet.
urlLink la la la Mr. Stabby la la la yay for sarah!!
You developed an aversion to human contact, particularly involving hair, and a fear of pearls; when one would-be lover kissed you, you ran away in agony.
In awe of your older brother Dane, you shot a pea-shooter at his horse, causing it to throw him and inflict injuries from which he later died.
