Din feel like doing anything in the morning.
And now after a cup of coffee (again).
*SHUDDERS..BRRR*)   4th I'm at it again.
All of us dread it when the clock strikes 5pm cos that's when the sun sets and which also spells- DREADFUL COLDNESS.
*luffs* Well, if anyone read the previous entries I think you guys know who I'm refering to.
!~@$#@^$%&#!#$  I was so pissed.
HAhaha.. Hmm.. actually physical torment is nothing yea?
Piangz..dunno what's going on in me man.
Buy a dream catcher if u can...=] Been eons since I last pen anything here manz... Just came out from the bathroom and I'm indulging in sinful Cheese Tortillas man.
ha urlLink damn i'm suppose to be on my way to Church camp and hell!
Well, by God's grace, I was granted to work for 3 months in Lot 1 CCK which is freaking near my place.
But he was pretty curt by saying:" nvm, tell u next time.
Yet it so paramount for me to continue digging the old ghosts and layers of shit ard my soul.
Now u know how bad this brain farking thing is affecting me.
18 bucks without touch up and I tink only about 5 pictures?
The strongest man will always falter at his weakest point and no matter how beautiful a flower is, it will wither and fade in time.
He kept telling me how prideful I was, how defensive in reflex I always get and having to be submissive and all that then.
It was really an atrocious shock to me.
Or sometimes when I look at couples, I will think of my baby and I yearn for him to hold me the way they do.
Went to see the doctor that day after i really can't sleep and have to crutch in a fetus position to sleep..and when I woke up, the pain is so irkingly uncomfortable that I pray that I would just sleep and dun wake up.
My fingers also cramp typing so much.
U see the irony of tertiary institutes?
JEez, no wonder I'm feeling so low.
This way i attract less attn and I wun get hurt by the most vindictive homosapiens walking this face of Earth.
That was then...suddenly after a decade of being in so much self misery, I realised I am going to shove it back.
But I had been through worse times..so why do I feel so weak?
Walking..erm no..more like drifting around in the school.
At least I did my freaking best for this.
Ok, I have no more complaints for now liao.
Sunday, Monday and today.
It was more of..wow..I wished upon my stars as I begged and pleaded, that I can no longer study for the most stupdious, nonsensical, abnoxious and soundless idea that cramping 4 months of work within 4 days into the puny brain and reguigitating the info out as required and ur destiny being determined within the nextg 2 hours of your life is totally ..*BULLSHIIITTT* Life is so mundane and so redundant this way.
guess wat..should be studying..bleah i aint studying again ahahah Been chatting online for the past 2 hours...chat chat chat chat...talk talk talk ahhaha women.. i'm having a FUN conversation with someone I shouldn't *Grinz* and u know wat?
My baby went home early today.
I'm soOoOo elated for now.
Sighz... Oh well, what's done is done isn't it?
It's a hot weekday as usual.
Sighz.. it's a mundane Sunday.
One lucky thing was..My dear bought me a looped ear bunny.
I only felt I distrupted the communication flow when a fren called me on my other fone telling me abt the mortal hat for my convo next thursday.
i'm like at chapter 10 of my history..*GURPS* got 13 more chapters to go..wah lao heck liao...later going to study for Nat products for one whole day..enuff meh?
But I curb my temper and try to recall what I had done.
We can try to protect the ones whom we care and whom we deemed important but the path to be walked lies destined in the lives of each individual.
Hiakz... My butt was screaming in excruciating pain just a quarter of an hour ago...LS too much liao..hehee.
Maybe God has decided to make things easier for once in ending the epidemic of depression on this plantively evolved Earth.
I got the typical signs 1. running nose (really like tap now loh) 2. sore throat 3. slight fever.
Lately, once again, my right side of the brain has decided to revive it's engine and reduced me to the nostalgic and melancholic self I used to be.
Really I'm fucking pissed.
Numb oh, is the soul intricate pieces of woven diamonds start to wall.
Then I was woken up by my dad like 8am (I slept at 4am..whaha) to take care of my mum who had taken her territory in the lavotory ealier than I open my bewildering eyes to reality.
After that it's havocking dayS!
Oh weelll...tonite must go mambo!
Had tuition 2 days straight already.
This farking helluva long half a decade of my life is suddenly just over.
Then   LAGI best.. after I decided reluctantly to stay at home and succumb to her warth, the she tell me..
Perhaps that's natural; a sort of phase but I guess my other side of a woman's insitnct or the side which knows myself better tells me there's more to that.
I have felt the seeds of evil ingrained so hard I can't even notice that it's mutating my life so sneakily (eh dun haf such a word hor?).
hiakz.. my mum is screaming at me to pack up.. Bleah.
Solemn and nostalgic as it may sound but I like to share this poem here:  Realms of fire with silent flames, Burnts they incur seeps within.
It's the brain farking mode again.
This time not old ghosts that used to haunt me, but seemingly my sub-conscious have realized something that my conscious have yet to fathomed.
And we have to pay another $200 plus to RENEW our pharmacist license every damn year just to sustain our livelihood.
Sometimes they are nightmares..and theoir frequencies are increasing in magnitude.
Dreams of my baby and my ex bfs, of me being rejected, of me running ard in blocks of flats yadah yadah.
I'm sick of waking up in the midst of the night only to see the sky is still dark and I'm waking up to lonliness.
-giggles-  Really missed hugging him and smelling his bare skin.
I swear my clothes really felt much tighter now.
Miss his red red nose and perky butt.
I'm so scared to even venture out of my grills cos it means I'm most likely to spend money.
Then later in the day, my wallet fell out in the bus and although thankfully I din leave my ic and visa inside, my cash was stolen though my wallet returned to me.
Getting too frequent these weeks.
Who accepts who I am even when I have done wrong.
Now I'm here, feeling like an idiot bored to death.
First, I woke up with the most irritating nose in the world- it's practically just leaking and itching like there's a whole tupper ware of itching powder being pumped up continuosly into my nose.
I'm just a pain in the arse.
Its like a part of me, like another heart that is built within me.
Sighz  The worse thing is I'M SO BLOODY TIRED AND I CANT SLEEP@@@@ BOOHOOO.
I felt a loss in a meaning of life.
Oh, anyway I've gotten myself a totally wonderful guy in my life now!
Damn, I'm getting nostalgia at this moment in time which no other relative or even remotely close gets near to mah mah.....
Lalala...  Have had a terrible few weeks.
I can't really comprehend why I emotionally reacted this way.
Will life ever cease nv to end... sighz.. i got 5 modules and they end in 6 days..which therotically evens out to be one exam a day..
There's this sort of nagging yet indistict voice in me telling me that there are paramount errands that requires my attn now but I can't seemed to pin point out what are the errands and what I'm suppose to do.
But it's the dead of the nite again and I'm surfing on frenster for the umpteen times tonite, or rather for the past half a yr.
So I apologized to him and say I will attempt to be more sensitive now.
I tink i'm really one of a kind of slow kuku that enjoys farking myself again and again by my own nonsensical and brainless doings.
I'm going to get a life other than this.
Hmm.. Why din I get SARS?
Too konk out the previous nite I guess.
Why I'm behaving this way?
=( desperately needed to seek God's words again..
less than a week to exams and i haven start any revision for FIVE bloody modules.
This morning is REALLY not my day.
It got lost in cyber space.
Sadly, I'm still a victim to bouts of mood swings.
Sure he has his temper and I really do give him credit for such a drastic improvement over the past yr when we are together.
AHHAHAHAAH ( I also find that a tad too amusing)  Ok la, 3rd attempt to study now.
She realized not enough paint...wah niaoz eh haiz  So I slept this last day of my holidays to the begining of the start of the last academic semester of my entire life (supposedly).
I took out to play every so often a day and let it run ard the house and my room.
I'm so resilient to changes in my life now, it's such a far cry of how I used to be before.
