Right now I love: Moving!
At least my constant state of mild sleep drunkenness has been entertaining.
I'm going to start referring to my friends from Sacramento as ornery hombres.
I will soon be the proud owner of a new iBook.
It includes many excellent quotes, such as the one I used as the title of this blog post.
It'd be nice to be able to post things that only certain people could read.
The emergency in question was a threat that  urlLink Revolutionary Struggle  (a Greek group) made to attack foreigners attending the 2004 Athens Olympics.
Incidentally, APDA people, do you guys ever draw from your experience as debaters when you think about the political process?
Right now I miss: Ben, who I know would be talking me off this particular ledge.
Her weight must be in proportion to her height.
Before I headed out to this party, I watched Field of Dreams on TBS with Leota.
I enjoy something called "cuddlecore," I'm proud to report.
They are to chocolate what Ti-Couz is to crepes.
Funny in retrospect, but not so pleasant at the time.
Animal cracker ice cream!
That's the way to get a girl to smile.
Now all I see are the crowds of people who've worked all week so that they can wander through a warehouse of cheaply-made clothes, lingonberry scented candles, and deep-fried foods.
All of us, plus Lindsay, ranked them 1-2.
After the voting, Ed, Megan and I sat on the couch and talked about how weird it was that Lindsay was talking to other people at the party.
I didn't expect to have realized so many of my life's dreams by my 25th birthday.
Megan and I were watching  To Kill a Mockingbird,  and we both teared up when Scout meets Boo Radley for the first time.
They are the Elixer of Truth.
Goodbye, suburban wasteland!
Is this nostalgia-induced insanity?
Also, I want to publicly retract my smack talking of Fergie, the Black Eyed Peas' new hottie.
Then there's the Jelly Belly magic trick involving soda pop.
I think I thought Megan could, like, bond with the bird and calm it down.
Any day now I'm going to go on a macrobiotic diet and stop hating things for fun.
It was haunting and beautiful.
And I made Alex read me a story once when I was sick, to make up for being jerky."
I second that awww, snap, Seth.
Franken ends his book by exhorting liberals to give Fox News a taste of its own medicine.
I want this title, and I want it bad.
If I can't be Sonya Thomas, I want to be  urlLink Carlene LeFevre :  "Carlene LeFevre is one of the most charming and elegant eaters on the circuit.
And Lindsay's orange shoes.
So, I think we need to invent a new word to describe the cyberspace dominance by one word over all its homonyms.
You know who else used to be sexy?
and a claim that I'm obligated to decorate my face with a grin for the enjoyment of men on the street (smile pretty for me!).
Right now I love: Greta, for being the stubborn counterexample to my romantic pessimism The last few days have left me feeling very pessimistic about love.
As gravy, I'd never heard either Fatlip or Pharcyde until I saw the videos Jonze made for them.
That'd be a cool party trick.
"Apparently" we have several friends??!???
Can you identify what's on the back of my hand?
There are lots of great lines like, "Your beauty lies not just in your booty."
I really, really miss sitting on the couch for hours and shooting the shit with Lauren, Ed & Steve.
I sort of wish I had a picture of myself trundling home as the dawn broke, dazed but determined, eyes caked in mascara, clutching a can of Beefaroni.
It was like seeing Jesus rise from the grave, except better.
Right now I love: Blogger!
I can't stop telling people, I'm so amused, and proud.
The most entertaining part of the night was my friend Dan, who, I discovered, is willing to use his gaydar for evil, evil purposes which I cannot publish on the Internet.
It's as if the birthday industry is telling me I've reached the age where it's no longer practical for my cake to have one candle for every year of my life.
Ergo, the terorrists win when he doesn't give me his bicep cuff!
I actually got asked if I found my beauty to be a burden.
He offered me a ride home from some volunteering we were both doing, and his car had two kiddy safety seats in the back!
As some of you may remember, I don't sing, as a rule.
The dugout was completely filled with water, and the sky turned green.
I felt really bad when I had to tell her that I'd described the administration as "decietful" and "belligerent" on Voice of America International Radio.
Right now I love: James K. Polk by They Might Be Giants.
urlLink    It made me miserable, yes.
Afterwards we walked around the crowd and saw all the different costumes.
Anna response (WRONG): Really?
The guitar lesson itself was entertaining enough, though.
I went for a drink with Gibs and Dave tonight.
Check out the  "Fuck It" Diet , forwarded to me by Megan.
(Lindsay's going to take over the lease "if" Megan gets into law school.)
So, I'm thinking of being a  urlLink hipster  for Halloween.
I've been having mini panic attacks when I go to the dentist for about a year now, because it's always so awful, and I expect this is going to be worse than usual.
My colleague and competitor, Bill, sent this e-mail to the entire office:  "I liken this whole event to the democratic party's nomination race.
I resisted the temptation to flirt with the 15 year old cashier who couldn’t look me in the eye, and Megan sifted through the bin of complimentary conversation hearts until she found a mildly insulting one for Mike.
Right now I'm thankful for: my skull, which remains intact, despite the best efforts of a certain sofa.
I'm off to the mall to do some Christmas shopping.
It totally takes the Google Toolbar to the next level!
Every CD I've gotten someone to make for me so far has been great.
Maggie will say a girl's hot because she's thin, and well dressed, and her hair looks great, and she has a pretty face.
The book can take partial credit for many more than two murders, though.
Jennifer Garner is just adorable on stilts!
Then, Megan started having dreams about mashed potatoes, and I started having dreams about baked sweet potatoes.
I don't understand how they managed to make a movie that's so weird and unique, but that still resonates so deeply with so many people.
I propose "Google shadow."
Anyway, I got the ol' school Chucks already, and I'm sure I can scrounge up some Lisa Loeb glasses and a messenger bag.
I jump six inches every time someone says my name.
Christmas Photo Challenge: Can you read what it says on the bag Megan is holding?
I find it very frustrating, because I  really  want to argue with pro-Bush people, both because I think it's important to try and change their minds, and because I want to understand why people like Bush.
I, on the other hand, spent the evening trying to get an extremely tan, built, and hair-gelled dude to give me his bicep cuff.
Clinton rocked, and Obama is so my new political crush.
People were literally  shrieking  in terror.
The top was burned, and the inside was literally pulsating.
At least I got to say, "I would come, but I have a ball to go to" to someone yesterday.
Right now my heroine is totally:  Summer from  The OC .
Check out Sunday's rebroadcast if you don't believe me.
Luckily, Megan heard me hopping around this morning and insisted on driving me to CVS for an Ace bandage.
I can't believe I got paid to read about this guy.
II for your next birthday.
I cried today while reading about the finale of Sex & The City.
I think I'd even be really proud of the work I was doing, if I hadn't just left the world's most altruistic job.
Lindsay suggested Krispy Kremes & red wine.
My boss and I made our own fun, though.
Whatever happens, happens, y'know?
The waist was so teeny that Megan had to stand on the bed to yank the damn thing off me.
This is a perfect example of why  urlLink pitchfork  is too snobby.
