That's all for now...ohh..there's a backup coming soon... so gtg now  Fellow JesusFreak Joshua Tan 4th day and no angpow coming to my way.
(Drums Rolling)  Ms Tan Wan Phing., the owner of http://www.
Well to hell with predestination or some theology arguments about this and that...It stops us from doing the real work... Oh yeah...come into His Presence and lift up our voices, hands, hearts to Him for He is the King over all all the earth.
"According to the rules of empirical, testable, demonstrable protocol, science says your God doesn't exist.
A week of exciting things happening, planning and dreaming...yes...it 's been a week of that.
>Why did He have to read every one?
Siok chye my project partner and best friend have accepted Christ or so I think ...because he have invited me to his Baptism.
Opps gtg now...i have my current work to do and i am really sleepy cause i did not rest and i went straight to work ...until the next morning 7.00am.
He considers for a moment.
More importantly, I wish to see a tidal wave of bloggers to come out taking on these monkeys.
Regards from Fellow JesusFreaks Joshua Tan Connect, Relate and Resonate JOshua Tan Today just want to let u guys who doesn't blog and bloggers alike, what is the blogger scene in Malaysia.?
The doctor told the chief that no medicine here nor treatment would heal His Son.
I had to empty it and burn the cards.
I prayed to God during the time of waiting and I said to God, yes Lord, this is the problem I have and I prayed for calmness., peace and wisdom in handling this matter.
When we arrived in Subang Jaya, well we found out that Jeevan and Winnie had a fight and he left home...leaving his poor pregnant , wife alone...our cell leader...So irresponsible..... or is he being a good husband?
It is good to know that our influence in blogs as well as this healthy culture start to spread to particular penangites.
1) Ken holds the missing links where he will enabled me to get in touch wif my best frens in ministry and school.
I have decided to use my "extra" time in office with God...thought i cannot praise and worship God in a more personal way but i guess it is a good way to really bring His presence to the office.
"No, sir, I'm afraid I haven't."
The professor begins to smile at the student in front of him.
And i made up my mind that certain habits needed to be removed or certain habits needed to be cultivated to culture .
I am like in 3rd year of serving in SIBKL and i 'll have never got tired of it ..in fact i am much like warming up ...for what God have in store for us...and for God himself.
Not that rejection hits me very hard, because hey i have receive rejection many times before and well i have grown stronger.
and this is where testimonials, videos and pictures such as this will be shown in the LifeStyle Nite tonite in SIBKL at 7.30pm..So for the Morph camp people who have attended or wanted to know a little about it , can come to Lifestyle nite, a time where all the college cells from the whole church comes together to meet, bond and builds bases with one another.
Then i have to learn that the girl that i kinda like , is seeing someone else.
God gave me that job when i was encouraging one great brother to let go of his laptop and  his working time to be prayed for ...Kevin Tai.
She is then asked that her documentation have been prepared and written in English as she is explained that the Immigration department in Malaysia can't understand  Chinese so It should be prepared in English.
I went out with her to the city several times and got to know her more even in her family and her beliefs.
Each signed with my signature.
What really matters is that because serving in SIBKL , have been very encouraging, my friends and family have taken a different attitude towards serving and being a Christian.
One who also have given his best to serve God and in everything he does and say , comes to pass.
Actually in his office before the few days, someone caught measles and therefore he called Winnie to tell her , that he is spending some days from them to avoid her and the unborn baby from getting measles.
One, those who want to be seen.
I rebuke them straight on with full fury ,,that my live i can be persecuted..or condemned or blamed..but not God..
The doctor told the chief to repent of His Sins, and go to the church of his village and ask them for healing.
"Since no one has ever observed the process of evolution at work and cannot even prove that this process is an on-going endeavour, are you not teaching your opinion, sir?
I became desperate and pulled out a card, only to find it as  >strong as steel when I tried to tear it.
Mainstream media runs news that are verified and authenticated.
When i opened the package, and then the book Not Even A Hint from Ps Joshua Harris dropped out .
Joshua Tan Indeed that proves the point made earlier in the posting, that I have taken a peek at what God have in store .
"LET'S  >FILL OUR OWN FILE CARD" AND MAY GOD BLESS YOU ALL!
I haven't have time to run my server log to Webtrend the data.
But try to have an open mind.
Watched an impacting and moving movie, that will strike every chords of my heart and make every Christian values comes alive in this movie...inspired by true story.
Books have been my companion throughout my entire life.
I was in the middle of changing the tyre with me muttering a prayer that someone would be sent by God to help me.
Even in the coming Return Of The  Kings....signify the return of the King that will redeem everyone...and restore the ruins that the evil one have done , to its former glory , even more magnificent than the former.
To many people, backsliding seems like a process that you simply go away from God.
But now i told them i am attending SIB, the boy from Brunei had a sparkle in their eyes and nodding knowlingly of SIB>  We had a great time and man i thank God for the great time i have and thinkking of going back to explore the rest of UQ.
Simply United have an online community where we all can find out about one another and encourage one another thru our blogs as well as the frequent readers.
A year of moving from studenthood to professionalhood.
I went and get myself a paper and guess what ...the newspaper vendor cheated me of my RM1.20 of my Intech my favourite pullout and usually the rest of the paper doesn't matter.
I gave it all to the Lord...I clearly states that I am a fervant Christian...that i served in the Lord and that i am new to all this working life...but i believe God have a purpose and I willing to learned and starts from the bottom.
But when Jesus was stepped upon and how every Christian is condemned because of several bad eggs...that i cannot stand...I rebuke them straight that they can talk and blame me..persecuted.
The sister said that she would not , that if Ke Ching is caught by the police to be interrogated because of her work with the people.
Simply United have Siew Ching , Daphne , Wai Nyan , Jamie and Daniel Lim walking as a cell.
Dan dikatakan bahwa didalam Kristus setiap dari kita, anda dan saya, dibangun bersama-sama mejadi dalam satu tubuh dimana Tuhan hidup.
"Nothing," the student replies.
She is joyful, honest and direct with everyone she meets .
Bapa mengasihi Aku, oleh karena Aku memberikan nyawa-Ku untuk menerimanya kembali.
Prepared the entire week just for 5 minutes on the phone with Darlene Kiola..aka Big Mama...of EA Consulting US.
Early morning woken up for morning jogs and boy there was huge group of us and then bathed and then go for COLT(CLIT) Core Leader Intern Training in which i have attended for the 5th time and still i can't get enough of it .
Ker Chin's testimonies of what background she comes from reveals even a bigger clue to what happens to China.
I told my mom..let's bygone be bygone....That time..i settled every debts emotional and monetary with my bros and sis ...and yet my mom is nagging about and dwelling about it ...the whole time.
And then exhausted went back home to prepare ourselves for next day...
and boy it is not easy to answer those question.
I will not tell u guys who is in the cast ..but allow the pics to do it for me.
So when we came, she pulled a straight face and told us Jeevan have left her becoz they fought.
\Okay...i got tong sui...to eat...Beat SS2 Murnis and KTZ...cause it syiok-eliness.. and well Mom's cooking is immersed with Love....  Connect Relate and Resonate... Joshua Tan.
So  continue to check on these 2 sites...and well...gtg nnow For now, my blog would be a place where  I will put insipiration from the email i have received...and i hope i will be able to put a forum like wai nyan did to discuss these inspirational stories...and hopefully like a cell, we would be able to grow on the revelation superhighway.
Yes , quite chun title this time,...took me a few nano seconds to think about it ...kinda like a newspaper headline and that is what is gonna happen if we all lift up our saggy butts and move outside beyond our comfortable mindset.
Could  >it be possible that I had the time in my years to fill each of these  >thousands or even millions of cards?
my wifi card is giving signs it is wearing off soon and i gotta save up to buy myself a new one and hey gotta shop also lah...don't wan dlink...always got problem wan or may be still it ...cause got one year relationship with it...
Her change for the better, I think have shocked and impacted a lot of people, especially her closest friends and family.
>  >When I pulled out the file marked "TV Shows I have watched", I realized the  >files grew to contain their contents.
What Jeff does almost every day is to consolidate articles/news from all over the net and include a commentary and also not forgetting the links to the article/news original source.
Pray for me as I am currently rising up to God's challenge to coordinate prayer for COUZ camp and i am not your usual holy ..mighty prayer warrior...I am just believing to God for that...and will take my first few step by faith.
I decided to go public with another blog, Screenshots that focus on governance issues in the local media, international policies, IT and local politics.
But God's presence is worth all the effort i will make ...
Later on, a lot of people asked me what happened later...Siew Ching..(angel in disguise) ..phoned to tell me that this lady found my wallet and was very suprised that I am so calm and not excited about it..as if I have been expecting it all along and yeah i did...There was a lady that found it was on the way back to Sabah, a member from SIBKL....a christian and saw my cards in there...and decided to phone Siew Ching and well I 've got my wallet back.
Imagine at 23 years old, she have a master degree in SOftware Engineering and yeah she is super cool girl....and chun too...hehe./  ahh..the gift of life from God is simply wonderful and the upcoming challenges that is coming...i am both excited and bewildered because i wonder what lesson can i get from all this...  Joshua Tan  Fellow JesusFreaker.
I pulled the file out only an inch, not willing to test its size,  >and drew out a card.
So Praise God for all that's happen and truly the Work have been prepared ...God is just watching the results come to pass...
But after 5 months of doubts, hurts, rejection ,pressure,,....i gave it all to the Lord...i prayed everyday and believed that God is preparing me all this months...allowing me to contact every old friends that i have developing that humility,..that willing attitude...I continued to serve the Lord even when i am doubting God,.not sure of what lies ahead...My parents(suprisingly) asked when i have spare time....work with the church...my parents are not even Christians...and yet..God really knows how to plan someone's life.
His uncle, a fervour christian, gave him a bible as well as share Christ by showing him scriptures, the people , and things .
Indeed Ker Ching( I tink this is the spelling, well it sound like this) , a simple underground family preacher called by God to preach the good news to the people of China.
What with graduation convocation coming, all the more must save my money.
If you are , please email me quick and i will again remind u guys in church tomorrow.
It was written with His blood.
I got to go...more great news...and  PS : Bought a discman , clothes, chocolates and souvernirs.
There's less independent and creative thought; most people are unable to think out of the box.
In my previous failure stories, I have mentioned how many people God have sent to bless me and vice versa.,.yeah i mentioned Wai Nyan, Melissa Lim, James Chew, Daniel Lim and tjer-hann and whole lots of name that have starred in my life and have made a huge impact changing the history and the direction on Joshua Tan's life.
AFAIK, there's only Salam Pax who is anonymous and yet readers trust him.
NZ: What is your blog's mission?
No matter how long i slept during the day , i have not been able to combat the long hours of non sleep.
Team A with their masterpiece          Team B with their Ark build with wisdom given by God...(why more canggih commentary?)
A fren of mine... urlLink Ireneq  blogs of how her journey of searching for a church ends back in her home church.
I started out in school being the most quiet geeky guy you can think of , that pour himself over books of many types ranging from technical to fiction to non fiction.
NZ: In your opinion, what is a Weblog?
For those who have served God with me throughout the years in Nilai knows who I am exactly because we have shared our lives openly, rebuking each other in love and transparency.
