`Tiff Dear Susan,      Seems they put your picture in the yearbook in the slow kids section.
I thought they wouldn't get it but it seems like everyone is hip to you.
Looking at how quickly you've grown up it's safe to say the apple doesn't seem to fall far from the tree, you malignant little whore.
In jail I found an abundance of activities to keep me occupied.
Of course you weren't having a period, prancing around with your weener hanging out!
You where so drunk that I was helping you to your room.
plus she looks like an X-Men experiment gone wrong... who has their arms enlarged to twice the size of their pudgy body?
Many zoos are striving to make their ape exhibits more natural and interactive to serve an increasingly sophisticated public, said Diana DeVaughn, spokeswoman for the Louisville Zoo in Kentucky, which won a top American Zoo and Aquarium Association award last year for its gorilla exhibit.
-Ghandi Dear Susan,      You remind me of a Jew tard, black, gay banker...
It was the saddest thing I had ever seen until I saw this wretched filth.
Then I saw a lady sneak up with the quickness and gobble it down like it was the only food around.
Ta-ta    Nedra Dear Susan,   You wrote:  "It's too hard on my health.
-Thisgirl Dear Susan,      "I hate you cracka."
Dear Susan,  Your mother was an insufferable, lonely, bitch of a woman.
S. Dear Susan,  Everytime some lonley fucker on Yahoo!
Hobbit Feet, Talia Dear Susan,  I had a dream last night.
Dear Susan,     I saw you gave some hair tips to Jason King...   Do I need to post your picture AGAIN.
Is that the reason Jason ass fucked you for so long, because he likes boyish men... Could he be heard saying "That'll be the day when I die?"
I am currently a free man.
The bulldog known as Yanis?
when i was 14 we ran out of toilet paper and i used an old tissue from the trash to wipe my oozing cunt.
&nbsp; love &nbsp; Ricardo Jaimes Dear Susan,  Today I got my period and as I looked at the clumps of blood and uterus lining I couldn't help but think that as disgusting and stomach turning as it was, it was somehow still far less revolting that even the mere thought of you.
Oh yeah and in response to your previous question, if Chelsea Starr, your poonswat bride just isn't keeping that fresh smell... tell her, twat hair was to keep sticks, berries and small insects from living in her coonskin... evolve and wax bitch.
Remember when you came home last night?
Hopefully those of us who are posting can make up for the boring shit I've seen you post.
Christ forgives all, Gia Damn you Susan just because your hispanic doesnt mean you can eat anything/anyone!
Dear Susan,  Why do you hate black people?
Gia Dear Susan,  This homeless guy stopped us to ask for money.
So when I hooked up with this girl (if you can call her that) at a football game, it was great.
and was getting burned out.
However I do take offense to the green goo that you leave in my toilet.
Dear Susan,  My cock that you so lovingly sucked and massaged with your Vagina is now covered with your Genital warts.
Vomitously Yours, The Diva Dear Susan,  I won't even try to be witty or funny this time.
Get it straight nobody wants to know about your dirty pussy.
This gives her that opportunity but in a safe way."
you know, the one with the raunchy teeth and unibrow.
She couldn't even get Petey, the one legged, black quadrapalegic from down the hall to throw her a mercy fuck...She had to jerk him off into a cup and insert his man sauce with a turkey baster.
Dear Susan,   I read your post about having nearly 7 yeast infections in the past 3 weeks... how about you buy some fucking pants that fit, so your&nbsp;oversized crotch isn't&nbsp;eating&nbsp;half of your pants, suffocating the mouth of the beast... no one likes the smell of fallopian tubes.
Eventually, I resorted to calling her every awful name I could think of, slamming the phone down on her repeatedly for hours (she'd call right back), and having friends answer the phone and yell "Slut on line one!"
Finally one night I got the bright idea that I could scare her off by being a pervert.
Also, I don't even smoke you fucking gayassholes.
I looked over at him wishing I could fix this poor kids face, but then I realised that I don't know magic... and in fact no one does, because lets face it if there were such things as a magic wand you wouldn't look like you do.
Grimlins with elf hats, Talia Dear Susan,  Your "boyfriend" is fucking BALD!
You can do it if you put your mind to it.
Regards, The Diva Dear Susan,  &nbsp;  I just wanted to say that YOU FUCKED UP FOR THE LAST TIME.
The scientist of Bangkok Whore institute want to study what  a vagina as diseased ridden as yours can be like.
I'll be posting bits and pieces of works in progress on here from time to time for your perusal and enjoyment.
His only weakness be that of the woochata(tm)!
Nasty, awful stinking man.
Chocolate & candy, Gia The other day I saw a smashed catapillar lying on its side with its delicate innards oozing onto the hot arizona sidewalk.
&nbsp; watch your!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;back&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; bitch!
because you shit and piss on the floor and then you try to hump my leg, frankly I don't need your shit stained undies touching my pants.
It seems now there is only one thing left to do.....
I'll bet that looks pretty cool when it happens.
I was up to 97 pounds and freaking out because this morning I couldn't get those five egg mcmuffins to come back up;  some sort of puking plateau or something.
OH THE BEAUTY!The happy for no fucking reason, mostly because they can't handle anything else, fat kids running and hugging legs, wrapping themselves around trees because maybe its a person?
Dear Susan,       After a long contemplation I've decided to okay abortions... no more mistakes, no more Susans.
Every time I think about eating I just think of that picture and it's like magic.
love, MOM Dear Susan,  I could write some really bitter diatribe about you and your disease spreading cunt.
Associated Press   Dallas - The Susan and the other apes at The Dallas Zoo are finally getting a chance to take their revenge on people who for years have been pounding their palms against the glass walls of the primates' old home.
Its predecessor, the Lester E. Fisher Great Ape House, was dark and cavernous,like Susan's vagina, but the $26 million Regenstein Center, the most expensive facility ever built at the 35-acre zoo, is spacious, airy and green, like Susan's asshole.
-Gia Dear Susan,  you remind me of the head of my penis and as we all know nothing good comes out of it.
I found one of your baby pictures!
I pleaded for your ugly death then too!
And then you invited yourself over at 4 in the morning.
Dear Susan,           Are you having sex with the Giant Oxen that is featured in Sabrina's blog.
Love,  This Girl Dear Susan,   Today the wheelchair guy in my office had an emergency.
And just because I've written enormous amounts of letters to you... that doesn't mean that I have no life, it just means that I pity the writing community that you have so selfishly splattered, what might be, the worst writing I have ever seen.
and way too ugly for posting several pictures on websites like friendster... which now should be called terrifyingpictures-sitester... quite frankly you were asking for trouble Mr. Toad.
I want a summer's eve commercial.
please cry again, it makes us feel victorious.
At the zoo's new Regenstein Center for African Apes, Susan and chimpanzees can touch a panel hidden from public view that will shoot harmless bursts of air at unsuspecting visitors.
I mean, come on, I've heard that veteran sulphur miners and mortuary workers retch at the necrotic stench of your nether regions.
Kittens with fleas, Talia Dear Susan,  There once was a bird the size of a turd sitting on a telephone pole.
Sabrina an education film on what not to be  by yours truly.
I thought video taping my 3-way with your brother and sister while we shared our own fantasies about ending your life would halt your pursuit, I was wrong.
Well You shit your pants, I mean it looked like you where smuggling sausage for christ sakes!
So my legal team is working out a deal with some Scientist from Bangkok.
Much love, Stolenswan Dear Susan, I was sorry to hear that your Moma called the Child Protective Services and the Humane Society and you had to go to jail.
Bon voyage, Stolenswan Dear Susan,     R. I.P Michael Malota.
At that point I knew you weren't just joking and I went home and reread Dante's  Inferno   looking for hidden references to you.
Thanks for the doctoral thesis topic in world lit., you loathsome whore.
he cocked his little neck and craped a little crap.
You know, all that free love bull shit, and seeing the good and what not.
our love will fight the middle east, Gia Dear Susan,  I was going to pick up a copy of the Dallas Observer, that paper they  give away for free  that you "write" for, but then I saw that you had an article about some crappy local band in it.
Give the old dungeon some breathing room you dumb hoe... oh yeah&nbsp;AND...&nbsp;wash the shit.
Delightfully yours, Talia Dear Susan,  I actually wanted to thank your fat ass for helping me to keep my weight-loss goal for this week.
Tiffini dear susan:  being away from you reminds me how much being near you just drives me away from sanity.
Bitches with zits/scars on their tits are NOT sexy...I don't care what your dad told you.
After that delightful turn of events I thought of you and wondered.
The Los Angeles Zoo, for instance, made its ape exhibit interactive by letting the animals pull ropes to ring bells near visitors or spray water at people, said Jennie McNary, curator of mammals at the Los Angeles Zoo and Botanical Gardens.
Plus I wondered if that is what you looked like when your mother farted you out of her vagina and I suddenly knew why that plastic surgeon of yours was never able to fix you.
TigersMilk, Gia Dear Susan,  If I were you I wouldn't wear shirts that showed off ANY cleavage.
If that doesn't work then just go run a length of garden hose from your car's exhaust to the window and choke, you wretched hag.
Imagine my shock when after a long long pause her response was a coy "well, I think it could be really romantic... *with the right guy*."
It doesn't matter how many different coping strategies I can come up with teaching has just about worn me completely down.
the Mulk is impervious to all known man made forms of weapons and germs.
I only have two questions:   1.
When the paramedics came they told us that 10 minutes prior to dying he shit his pants.
I agree, truth is important, and I can't tolerate you anymore.
