I, too, wish we could afford the latest technology.
Thus the beauty of Sunday.
The idea of ends justifying the means troubles me.
So after getting letter after letter in the mail showing different account balances, I made the trip to Fianacial Aid and got everything squared away.
SEND ME A HERO TO RESCUE FROM MY PRISON!
I somehow got thinking about my future before, spelling complete doom for the REM cycle.
It's wasted on me because I already have my vote planned and ready to go; I just need the booth.
Lingusitcs (the science of language)   German   French   Japanese   Spanish           &nbsp;&nbsp;           urlLink  Free polls from Pollhost.
Did that spider bite chemically castrate him as well?
After viewing the new trailer, highlighting one of the best parts of the first movie, I'm a little miffed.
If they survived the bloodletting (they'd be nuked from both the left and the right), they'd mop the floor with Dubya."
Last year, they released "You Know Your Right".
Why they wouldn't happen.
As a fan and consumer, I feel Nintendo has let me down in providing me with MY gaiming needs.
This long weekend was my first trip to Washington DC, and certainly the first time I have ever been someplace I would actually want to live.
Really though, good luck to Arnold because that state is a mess.
Don't presume that you get to have her back.
There is no reason to involve Shannon if you need to confront me.
I bought the GC because I enjoy thier franchises (Zelda, Metroid) and I was hopeful that thier future strategies would include other types of gaming I enjoy (online, rpg, fighting, puzzle) but they have not yet lived up to my hopes.
It seems to be working much better and not messing with the blog.
com  to try and make the effort to involve the nation's youth into the current election cycle, but this bit of cheese from some University of Pennsylvania tool just depresses me.
I love this show and it is almost always fun and thought provoking.
I can't imagine having to explain myself to any tool with the inclination and connection speed to thrash my life's work.
Or try to find out the who, what, when, where, why, and how of Iraqi detainees.
The Howard Stern Controversy and Hypocrisy.
is going on at  urlLink TechTV ?
com - 'Flash mob' craze spreads - Aug. 8, 2003   I soooooo wanna do this!
WOO-HOO Lions got an interception!
Take what we have, take how far we have gotten, and change the course.
Fix that Space Jump thing though.
Support  urlLink Priest , Grand storyteller.
Currently in my picture box:  urlLink Random    Currently in my head:  urlLink Homework urlLink The Tide Fabric Care Network - the complete resource for all your fabric care needs  Got loads of laundry to do.
Personally, I had a a big week as well.
There is a box with a small digital number readout, and it has a giant blue button.
Did Harrington grow some facial hair?
Who the fuck is the editor on these books approving these scripts.
You have sex on the brain, and it doesn't stay just there for long.
It is going to be interesting to see how and if the city's image will change, and if it can actually make a turn around to a bonefide metropolis, as opposed to an industrial wasteland.
You are Form 5,  Dragon : The Weaver.
Currently in my picture box: urlLink  Law and Order: SVU    Currently in my belly: urlLink  St. Julian: Michigan Cherry Wine    Currently in my browser: urlLink  Shopping for something manly, to counteract Gilmore Girls.
And now Gwen Stacy knows.
I'm 6'4", 250lbs, a proud, strong man, and I am laughing at the Gilmore Girls.
I don't know how to beat against the wall without breaking my hands.
Nevertheless, every time a minority gets a step forward, there is cadre of white people there trying to knock them back a few steps.
Raise your hand if you give a shit.
I have difficulty calling myself left these days because of the way the right has been so successful at spinning liberal into a bad word.
[Listening to: Ed-Ucation - Dr. Dre - Chronic 2001 (1:37)] For anyone looking for a cool program to control thier  urlLink Blogger.
The people who take the time to tear these people apart.
I've been solidly cranky the past two days, for no particular reason.
Mardi Gras krewes, live events, parades, Mardi Gras beads, masks, and tips from locals.
Makes you wanna drop an episode of  urlLink DBZ  or  urlLink Akira  in the midddle of times square.
I'm a young 'liberal' too mid-west for the greens and too blue color for the Republicans, but when I look at the democratic party, I see a group too confused or too broken to actually perpetuate any agenda, let alone thier own.
And get this, there is a student radio station just ten feet below it.
These are a horrible, horrible trend.
Batman and Wonder Woman are paranoid, Superman is over-protective, and at the end, it is off to Apkolips to face Darkseid.
And I cetainitly don't have that cool, detached vacency in my eyes like those cats.
So I finally have to take Ryan on his offer to help me learn how to get fit, I must start saving for a new mattress to sleep on, CUT WAY DOWN and quit the cigarettes, and stay away from that crappy fast food I had given up for at least a year before I started this job at  urlLink ERAC .
I can't believe he hasn't yet.
urlLink Cat of the Day - Every day a new cat photo and story   This one is for shannon, who is a lover of kitties.
This is what I've suffered since Sunday: 1.
Ooh, someone sounds codependent.
Kiss gay marriage and abortion goodbye.
Miami is anywhere close to having the fun, humor, drama, and plain 'ol watchability of Vegas.
urlLink   What movie Do you Belong in?
Worst comic ever," but in the, "Wow, this sucks," kind of way.
Although, the left box is much fuller than the right box.
But for the most part, it's about whupping ass.
I mean, some people never find that someone they want to be with forever.
This is the first time outside of school and home I've done this, and its great.
urlLink Paying Attention to Adult ADD  So there has been a development in the saga.
It reminds me of TV's Angel in that respect.
Her betrothed is  urlLink Rudy , my good friend, who has to put an appearance in at the shower.
Hopefully it's no big whoop, but I must figure out what is wrong with my stomach.
Can we bring him before the Security Council?
Still don't know the results of my ADD testing, but I am assured the report is coming soon.
My fears no longer exist only in conversations over coffee, but in subconscious failure techniques that are bound to bloom once more as another semester of higher education looms.
com thing i put on the sidebar.
So, I'm freaking out, and I go to lay down.
Burnt out &nbsp;    Work is kicking my ass.
Metamorpho 2.0 changes into Shift (not bad).
The Passion: $ urlLink 318,000,000  in ticket sales   Currently in my head: The end of the world urlLink BBC NEWS | World | Middle East | Bodies mutilated in Iraq attack   Fuck 'em.
I'm a wreck everytime I watch it.
Maybe I am a fool for not realzing it earlier, but that doesn't mean Nintendo is any less to blame for not living up the this long time fans expectations.
You made Uncanny even worse.
- Got Matrix: Reloaded DVD, and I dig the movie more every time I see it.
And those that judge, grade, and evaulate have no time to discuss, or frankly, care about them.
I am wondering about the past events that have brought these characters to this point.
He has a gonzo style of filmmaking designed to embarrass, and in the case of the Bush Administration in Fahrenheit 911, destroy those in the suits that hold so much sway over our lives.
But much like the other big cancellations in my life, Darkhawk, New Warriors, Quantum and Woody, a monthly inspiration for me is gone.
We shall see... Hey, big-ups to this fellow blogger, whose site I found lots of cool widgets to drop on my own.
"Spending money like drunken-sailors."
He didn't seem powerful enough.
This will be the first snag I've run into since I lost my health insurance, and when I think about the cost and potential health issues at stake, I get pretty worried, and frankly scared.
When something big happens, it is BIG.
com , and I should be able to send you an invitation.
After quite a few beers, the waitress dropped off a few entry forms for the trip, sponsered by  urlLink Bud Light .
As a member of Form 5, you are an intelligent and wise individual.
First off, these aren't any rich white kids getting Mom and Dad's Delta 88 fixed up.
I HAD to get all of the jokes.
It is doubtful, however, that any one person can fit all of their snapshots into the categories.
