Even the white stripes cd that Harris bought me for my birthday (sorry panks).
I figure I should say something at least.
My mom brought up a good point.
I miss you all very much and I wish you the happiest Holiday and new year!
Other than that I'm totally psyched because I get to go see my secret boyfriend JOHN MAYER this weekend in west palm beach.
(4) Fighting with friends over stupid things.
Its such a lonely time but I wouldn't trade the friends I have for anything even if they are all far away!
- Jennie ps - Sorry If I offended anyone.....at least you didn't have to hear me rambling about it on the phone.
RADIOHEAD AND GUSTER COMING UP IN OCTOBER!
-Jason Mraz It started out as a good weekend!
brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla    AWWWW Anyone want some of this??
I hope everything is alright but it's really not my place to worry about that anymore.
Jennie I say way-hey-hey, it's just an ordinary day and it's all your state of mind At the end of the day, you've still got to say... it's all right.
And she definatley deserves it!!!!
I can't believe it's here and I'm still in denial.
That's a good one ;)  Ok, I'm sick of carrying on here's some lists to pass the time.................  Top 11 places I will miss in Orlando and surrounding areas : (not listed in any specific order )   (1) My bedroom, besides the fact that it gets extremely hot in here and I wake up sweating like an asshole every morning.
Well I could be wrong I don't even know myself And I must be strong when you're gone so long I don't need to know reasons why.
There are so many things I'm going to miss about Justin.
(I wish)   Amanda  - She was one of the only people who actually took the time to get to know me when I started my job.
Plus I'm losing my workout buddy *sniff sniff* oh yeah I had to cancel my gym membership so I guess it doesnt matter!
(10) Failing in the whole "being independent" thing...who was I fooling?
!1  (8) Hotties - HELLO!!!!!!!!!
I'm gonna go do something else now... probably call the bank and cry Love you guys, JENNIE So the window is fixed on the car.
Jennie An April Day  Shoes hit the pavement and I see you scatter and run I come pounding through the grass , I'm only having fun And if you could speak I know I'd hear you scream And if you could think I know you'd wish this was just a dream But I'm only here to play and run , skip and jump, and swallow the sun I never meant to scare you away I thought maybe we both could play But it wouldn't be right You'd put up a fight  You'd squiggle and squirm And you'd toss and you'd turn But I would say in your ear, quietly so you could hear "If you only knew, Lizard dear You're the one the giants fear".
I guess 8 year olds get very surprised when adults actually talk back to them because he gave me a look like he was about to piss in his pants then ran off to his mom.
(3) listening to one of these two things : Doctor Pacheco twisting and turning his squeaky ass pen while he talks to you OR Doctor  Pacheco's annoying cell phone ring , which he seems to like since he never picks up his goddamn phone !
We spend too much time fighting with people we love and not having enough pride to apologize and make things better.
I'm gonna miss you girly!
Even though it almost comes as a natural instinct.
But saving money is going to benefit me in alot of ways and I know deep down its the right choice.
it hits you like a ton of bricks!
Let's see....what have I been up to?
We have fun taunting eachother when one of us actually sees him or talks to him.
I did not let this chance go to waste.
At least I hope so because he is one cool motherfucker who I love very much!
I wish everything was planned out for me so that way I would never have to make a decision that I regretted later on.
Maybe I'll meet me a little rocker of my own and get some sugar!
Jaime and Amber are away .
(11) Fiddler's Green - my second favorite pub in Florida - plus I have a lot of memories going there with Justin, drinking, and getting wasted until the point of no return - Justin is a bad boy!
I love you to the moon and back!!!!!
-J APRIL 30, 2003 So I have some stuff to say damnit and it's all going on here.
I walk up to the table and say.......*drummm rollllll* "Hi" (blank stare), Pete is like "uhhh hey" then i proceed to shove my  hand in his face so he'll shake it.
brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla       -Motherly- You're the motherly type.
After we talked for awhile we found out that we lived in the same apartment complex ( like 3 buildings down from one another).
ok it's all out laugh if you must~!
It's not much to look at.
Bye bye for now SUCKAAAS!
But like I heard in a movie once "Every minute that passes is another chance to turn things all around".
Can you tell I'm a little frustrated today or what?
The only thing wrong with this weekend is that my friend Justin had to be gone!
-J (Be good and don't forget me) Hey SUCKAAAAAS!
I dont know)  (7) Meet Dave Attell and spend the night with him.
Oh how the times have changed....  COLLIDE The dawn is breaking A light shining through You're barely waking And I'm tangled up in you Yeah  I'm open, you're closed Where I follow, you'll go I worry I won't see your face Light up again  Even the best fall down sometimes Even the wrong words seem to rhyme Out of the doubt that fills my mind I somehow find You and I collide  I'm quiet you know You make a frist impression I've found I'm scared to know I'm always on your mind  Even the best fall down sometimes Even the stars refuse to shine Out of the back you fall in time I somehow find You and I collide  Even the best fall down sometimes Even the wrong words seem to ryhme Out of the doubt that fills your mind You finally find You and I collide  You finally find You and I collide You finally find You and I collide  - Howie Day Fight Club!
Just chillin being me ....OH YEAH a Big Hell yea to George for making  me that kick ass 80's compilation!
And when I lock you out I want to get you, Let you, get you in.
I will miss him very much even though I don't see him very often.
That was Friday and this is Sunday!
Well, I'm broke, yet again!
I'm a little confused about the whole thing.
I really need to get some tint on my windows so people will stop staring at me at stoplights thinking "God I wish I was as cool as her".
At five o'clock you come shuffling in.
I met him online on one of the very first days he moved here.
It's our time to make the most of it.
Call now and for the low price of $19.95 you can make my life a living hell like so many others already have!
Why can't I be your lover?
I don't know snow at all and I don't know if it will accept me as the caring and loving person that I am.
"THIS IS BUDDY ELF ,WHAT'S YOUR FAVORITE COLOR? "
*sniff sniff* My office manager is a piece of shit.
She has such an amazing spirit and I love her to death.
She said that she thought that was strange since everyone usually comes to me when they have a hard decision to make.
It was refreshing to see her again and have  a good ol' chat.
I'm just gonna be like the guy in Office Space and not care about anything.
Sorry for you readers who thought that I finally found love.
OH and I brought my rebel and got some awesome close up pictures of him...... those of you who are thinking "damn I want a copy of that" are gonna be gettin some in the mail so don't you worry your pretty little heads off.
And when I feel without I want to get you in.
I spend about 20 minutes waiting inside the trailor filling out paper work and all because I took Ibuprofen for my headache this morning (god forbid), they refuse, yet AGAIN, to take my blood.
let me know if I forgot any.
I guess that's the way I have to look at things.
Man, I don't even know where to start.
I asked her last week if I could get an increase in pay since my lease was up and the only way I could stay was to either get paid more here or get a higher paying job.
More to come.......keep checkin.
Who cares at this point....Everything turn out ok for me in the end.
Grandaddy and Year of the Rabbit were there too.
It's just not the same here.
The only downfall is you're still sad in the morning because as you were sleeping it made you dream of every single person you loved and miss to this day...good times.
How could I when the Starbucks here has a drive -thru??
Why can't I be your lover?
Adam  - ok everytime I refer to anything that has to do with meatballs and conversation this is who I'm referring to.
It's nice to get two really sad people together and just talk about how sad you are.
i'm gonna miss the suckaa ok?
Charlie thought that Grandaddy was "snoozeville" but I enjoyed it.
I know he doesnt want to go but I want to just say I'm so proud of you Greg even though graduations are cheesy and I never went to my lame ass graduation for Keiser but I love you like a big brother and you have made your little sister proud today!
The brotha of all that is Cool!!!
I think I might move back home and save some dough.
I know I've done the same to at least one person and I apologize to whoever that may be but here it goes....good ol' Jeff Buckley tells it like it is  Last Goodbye    (Jeff Buckley)  This is our last goodbye  I hate to feel the love between us die  But it's over  Just hear this and then i'll go  You gave me more to live for  More than you'll ever know   This is our last embrace  Must I dream and always see your face  Why can't we overcome this wall  Well, maybe it's just because i didn't know you at all   Kiss me, please kiss me  But kiss me out of desire, babe, and not consolation  You know it makes me so angry 'cause i know that in time  I'll only make you cry, this is our last goodbye   Did you say 'no, this can't happen to me,'  And did you rush to the phone to call  Was there a voice unkind in the back of your mind  Saying maybe you didn't know him at all  You didn't know him at all, oh, you didn't know   Well, the bells out in the church tower chime  Burning clues into this heart of mine  Thinking so hard on her soft eyes and the memories  Offer signs that it's over... it's over     so yeah, anyway, I get to see my long time friend JOHNNY MAYER this Saturday!
Just like they let me off the special bus.
!THE BEST DONUTS IN MY LIFE!!!!!!!
On the other hand, I'm leaving a place where I've gotten comfortable, a job I love and people who I will miss very much.
I guess Jennie can't smoke in her car OR see where she's going because there's a big piece of FUCKING PLASTIC DUCT TAPED TO MY DAMN WINDOW.
We just share so many things in common and really understand eachother.
