i am  i am tall compared to some minute compared to others a cracker jack of jokes  a tongue tied up in fetters as complex as any other as simple as some might see I N F J, A B C D so confused so confused are we  when God said "I am"  "I am I Am" is He "I shall make man in my image" what we see in the mirror is He burning flaws we wish to hide casting His lovely image aside I Am is He so I Am am I  that is all I need to be.
first of all, there weren't no ghettoness.
I might have the chance before we all go back to school, next summer maybe?
i don't know... ... i feel content, like warm soup in a cold tummy satisfaction, i now know what fro wants :) i am entering in the brave new world of buying a mac.
frodo, are you still going to be in dc on saturday?
did you want to come another day instead?
just kidding, i did that, it was bothering me ;) i'd say it's a tie between the turquoise and the cool gray.. the turquoise is cheery, i like.
yeh, i sneak it in, or i go on before/after work, or lunchtime.
"But that would take forever, and is a terrible way to die," they said.
Skittles and Graph Paper  is looking better and better lately.
push the "post & publish" button -- and this isn't im  ;) i thought you didn't have access at work..?
Find me in the river, in the waters of submission Longing to hear the words from your lips ‘With you I’m well-pleased’  Find me in the river, in the waters of humility Longing to see the heavens released With powerful dreams  Will I dare to see the possibility of all the things I’ve never seen?
v: dad, i have to tell you something.
I feel so out of loop, I need to come home SOoOOoooN!
You remember boom boxes vs. CD players.
The first one is in reference to that Verbena Baggins.
:D  i can't wait for those that are "to be continued"!
... continuation from the Happy Valentines day post: from our good friends @ dictionary.
They live in a tin box and have rocks painted green to look like grass.
i unzipped it, saved it on my desktop, re-sized it then saved it again with a new name and then saved the new image on the ftp server.
They he was telling me how sad he was when the cat died and how he hoped i had fun with the ping pong balls.
Not quite the way mom and bro do it.
:D  happy  new years indeed.
That one's actually cleaner and newer than Gina's but the food just isn't the same.
he might has well have gotten a nose job and braces, his whole face looks  so completely different .
so i'm looking for a new doctor with our actual eye care provider, only they're not MDs they're ODs, which isn't the same.
i've wondered about him because he's asian.
I wonder if they are still lying around somewhere in the house, or if my mom threw them away.
I do not understand, but you do, and that is enough for me.
ms. bom we know you just wear your hard hat and turn on faucets in the basement.
i woke up this morning and the lump was still there.
we drove from NJ back to B-more on 1/2 a tank or so, that's not bad right?
sigh, only a mom would do this.
And to check out the entries in the Ugly Tie, Grand Hat, Fantasy Hair and Hilda Mae Snoops Art contests.
Osculation  comes  from osculatio, "a kissing," from osculari,    "to  kiss," from osculum, "a little mouth, a kiss," diminutive    of os, "mouth."
you know, like in LOTR;   Gimli son of Gloin, Aragorn son of Arathorn, Arwen daughter of Elrond... hey i'm getting there ok, you mean whode, you mean.
i didn't delete anything... not that i know of anyway..  {s'all good.. probably  was  me like i said}  fro: why is blogger killing my posts???
same thing happened to my boss, and adobe can't even resolve it...further complicated by the fact that i work on a mac...we will never know.
why do sicknesses have a way of pouncing on one when one has a day off?
one of our crf sisters will be away this weekend, and another lady only wanted to go apple picking, and gsue and cindy will be at the college retreat -- so we're not doing anything.
90% of the homeless people here are black, the rest are white, but this is the only asian guy i've seen.
Paper, dimes and pennies work too, but they're a pain to use, being so flat.
which chemical needs this chemical to be its preservative?
that's who comes to mind right now..  i never much got into Russian.
i've been thinking on putting a crafting link up with all the strange things i make, like the 1-armed elephant crochet doll, bags, scarves and moo-kies, ya know, so as to benefit all others desiring a bit of daring insanity in their lives, or maybe just for kicks... what do you think?
i know how you love those infomercial gadgets).
One evening, before she is diagnosed, she finds herself having trouble even spelling out words as she tries to finish up what would be her last novel.
Soon I too will be posting you with graphic details about my Mr. "S"  (Stomach)..  scary.
yeah, Do, i can see you as an ENFJ.
- - - - - hello ho wo, so you figured it out!
btw, the body worship looks  beautiful .
An inexplicable tiredness washed over me while I was home for lunch, and as I curled up for a nap, too tired to care about the cold; delicious sleep overtook me and the minutes felt like days.
32 It is God who arms me with strength and makes my way perfect.
Of course, I do get tomorrow off, for election day.
but wouldn't that signify they were already dying?!
i must get back to typing... sad sad ~ i have yet to actually sit down and eat at the Womens IE..  went with dodo today and had to run out again, fro!
i am a monster :o  p. s. yo!
oof- my shoes are killing me.
spring break senior year, absolutely priceless.
When they finished up the old guy climbed back in.
I miss you jj...  when y'all leave me, I will get meself some animals and settle into my little cubby hole forever.
But as for me, it is good to be near God.
They go from strength to strength,  till each appears before God in Zion.
i just dug myself out of a pile of schedules.
Then I will let people out so they can visit their grandchildren.
i think we should all move around to toasty places in the winter time.
de, i have this sneaky suspicion that those proverbs sound slightly off in any language :) i plan to use one the next time someone asks me a tough question.
bringing my bicycle in was a sad, embarrassing and funny experience.
I cannot believe they tell you to go buy a kitty litter pan and pooper scooper.
p. s. there's this strange but awesome genius Brian Andreas who illustrates and writes a collection called  urlLink Story People Writers  who influenced my writing:  funny that i should be bringing up this topic?
(not for a real wedding though.. too much pressure)   fondant is fun don't remind me about taxes man.. so much to do in so little time!
you now look like Zoolander?
There aren't many cars as driving was discouraged today.
BUSY day - i didn't get to check the site again til now.
Update on last long long weekend:  * Finding Nemo w/ fam was great - my mom (as always) fell asleep after 15 minutes into the movie.
ew ew ew... was it a cancer mole?
...fro, are you out there?
But it sounds like a commitment (esp if we have to pay).
can you see them or is it just me?
I can't afford them right now, but I do need new contacts sometime soon.
life is always unique with the doris and me ;p  it's in the eightees, i think it is around 28C??
i suppose if you don't walk to work or live on mt.
i'm making a mess in the living room with my tissues, blanket, mug...and yet, i have no desire to be neat today :D surprise surprise!!!
Now, let me take a look...ahh, yes, we finally have a way to post our ranting online.
there's a discrepancy in the info:  is it 5.7x optical zoom or 5.7x digital zoom?
The  way  he said what he said , mmm.
I am always blessed by you   whodo!
is there a home depot we can stop by?
maybe i can knit if i don't like the movie (just kidding ;P) seriously though, i've been really wanting to make  urlLink this .
Psalm 119:9,11 flo- ok, so i'm swinging by today around 5:30-  i'll call you before.
it'll only make things worse) oh...my...gosh... my program just crashed and since i can't save anything till i found the glitch, i just lost everything i did for the last 2 hours.
He of course spotted me, and there was nothing i could do but to wave hello.
please comment as you please :)  p. s. I edited your thing too teehee, so you can hit your page from your blog.
When you insert your card, the machine can't read the strip, and asks you to re-enter your pin number.
I sat in on a meeting this morning of the Mayor and City Council.
to get the ball rolling... on this bleary wednesday morning, I am thankful for: * God  * Ctrl button and every command that comes with it * my sisters in Christ * shampoo -> having clean hair is the best feeling... * being able to wear baggy pants, a hello kitty t-shirt and sneakers to work * lovely black ladies who call me "baby" "sister" "sweetie" good morning.
i think about the way i used to be, and the way i might have reacted.
it was fine on friday when i posted the hiroshige...~ Psalm 103.
So it must have been the crispy chicken.
maybe that's a good thing in a way, yeah?
