Nat, you should really do some preventative measures, it's much easier to catch it early, than to let it go....  Jen, I also love deviled eggs, they're practically a staple in my family, and definately always at family functions....Keep trying to get that protein bar down....No more Oompas.....
Hopefully today will be a better day.
My mom used to really like baseball, but now she never watches.
I did not mean to put down folks in wheelchairs.
while watching Fox News, but yesterday.....
Melissa- You've got the creeping crud too?
Maybe later I can do something clever and funny with it.
I need to find another one nearby.
Jan - I think that it's definitely time for Greg to consider doing something about his hair loss.
If MD is like VA, we are going to need to water our lawn soon.
"Sarah seranaded us on the way home with "I don't HAVE any school tomorrow!"
I'm still trying to emphasize the importance of toilet paper, but it's just not sticking.
Since breaking it this morning, I've had the wildest daydreams.
So, in order to open it I have to listen & watch for the mail.....  OK- more later when I'm at lunch.
I'm not sure what to do, going to have to give this some thought.
or if that cute boy would call.
:( BUT with my computer now being in my room I can watch TV while surfing the net.
Hopefully I'll get home in time to catch one of Rick's reports on Fox Report or one of the later shows......Later!
If you can't beat your computer at chess, try kickboxing. "
While I bristled at her comment, I wryly smiled to myself since I knew who it was- our manager.
and then he'll never say "hello" or he will e-mail me but it won't be very nice.
I haven't seen him in like two years, he's an army  pilot he had been over in Iraq and the middle east and came home early b/c he just went through so much (not that no one else went through and saw things that were horrible) but my friend Edward really went through somethin' so he got out early and he's transfering to I think a training division Hi all.
So I open my email and see an email with a return address of Adam.
Jan-  I always used to want to visit places in the Middle East, but I think those thoughts have been put way back on the back burner.
No matter what he does, the ultra-liberals will complain.
You know what will probably happen.....they'll all be on a lot in the upcoming 2 weeks when I can't watch or tape Fox.
Well I have to wait until the day after for my gift :-( oh well if I don't like it at least the mall will be open to return it :-p just joking of course.
OK- when we get our photos, we gotta scan them and get them to Melissa so she can post- or if you don't have a scanner maybe you could mail a color copy to Melissa so she can scan & post?
You gals will have to post about it and that way I can experience it even if vicariously.
Jen- Mmmmm  I *love* deviled eggs!
Aren't you glad you have us gals so that you have another reason to have to go to the library!
The article stated that there are only two hotels in Baghdad that are protected by concrete barriers and U. S. armor.
The article mentioned that CNN's competitive morning show, "American Morning," has 770,000 viewers.
;-P  I thought I really had a chance of seriously maiming people yesterday- thisclose.
This job is making me more blunt, that's for sure.
(Unfortunately, he's isn't in bullfighter mode.)
Then I went right back to sleep and had ANOTHER strange dream.
He apologized and said that he had been busy and wasn't able to get back with the questionnaire.
Well a message board is like what they use over at the MSN or Yahoo Groups.
Not only does he have pretty brown eyes, but take a look at his long, curly eyelashes, girls.
How to control our tongues (a good study for any gal whether she be Christian or not).
I can check my home email from here, but unfortunately I didn't import my address book from the old computer to the new one yet & I didn't import the old addy book to the sbc/yahoo email.
B&C:  What else are you looking for?
I think that Rick F. said that Rick L's photographer in Iraq, Christian, was with him when this report was filmed.
I haven't been to one of thoes in years (my old church didn't do that).These services tend to be beautiful, everyone holds a candle and that's the only light in the place...OK I'm droning on and on...
What is up with those people - we got rid of their killer for a President and we're rebuilding their country to be better than before the war and they put a target on those that are helping them.
I don't think I've missed any Rick especially since no one else has claimed to see him this morning.
She reminds me of the bad people at work- bold faced lying and somewhat getting away with it.
What is the results of the proposal??
It went well with his brown suit.
There was rain still pouring down and the sky was blanketed in thick black clouds.
;-P  It was great food though....   Man, we have a lot of malcontents out here today (at the marina).
;-P  Wow, hey Jen- that event *would* be a perfect chance!
I dunno what the deal is.
=) Melissa- you were bored.
I think we all excited that we saw lots of the hotties today.
I missed Rick in JEANS?!?!
I never thought I'd find a couple of journalists 'hot' LOL, let alone a few of us on the same plane/line of thought.
I'm making all my Christmas cards this year.
I'm going to throw out a suggestion here for everyone's consideration.
So that was an hour out of my time.....but....lol- I made up for that and my lack of getting a break earlier- taking a longer lunch & went & bought some books- Waldenbooks is having the old buy 4 get the 5th free sale on now.
I keep getting sucked back into this site; it's very tempting, but I'd hate to have to explain to my husband why we're members of a site like this.
:-)  Good Lord, I know what you mean about Geraldo this morning.
i believe guinnevere may have first dibs on him.
It's 67 now- much easier to sleep in than 87!
Saw Rick this morning and again a few minutes ago.
You know we'll always be there for you when possible, even if it's only by email in my case.
I'm glad blogger finally put up all the posts.
Our maintainance supervisor, Kris, hasn't been here ALL WEEK and I'm getting pissed.
Just wanted to let you know, you're in my prayers.
a h - Thanks for all the updates during the day.
Usually the weekends have none of the hotties on.
Another (not too common artist) that's pretty good is Rufus Wainwright (his second CD "Poses" is better than his first, I think).
I just typed a huge blog and lost it.
Spent Saturday moving my grandma into hospice, Sunday confessing to Roy what is going on medically.
there is an episode where George has nothing to do all day at work so he decides to take a nap everyday under his desk, he brings a pillow, blankets, even an alarm clock...it reminded me of that girl yesterday.
The ones I have (sort of) are Folk Art & Yorktown(e?).
Now I'm reduced to the threat of withholding money, but it's not quite as fun as threatening bodily harm.
But I really have no desire to do portrait/studio photography.
P. S.  My spies in Baghdad are on their way to the U. S. with strict orders to confiscate all of Rick's purple ties.
(Fox is back to tight rationing of the hotties.)
Heck it could be 11am for all we care.
I've wanted to see that - well I've wanted to see a lot of summer movies but the movie theater has to many good smells for me to go ... nerves aside I've been rather sleepy today so I've been taking long summer naps today  Jan: I wasn't able to get my protein bars in (more on this later) so I'm kinda really scared now as to what I can take because I need to take something so maybe I can function after 1:00 p. m. because I am just about flatlined after then - I did eat another hot dog and a *full* deviled egg today for my meals - tomorrow meatballs well at least 1  So I went to try my protein bars and I couldn't tell which was worse - protein bars or protein 'juice' uhh *shuddering* Mr. Oompa is *still* here in fact I think he might take up full-time residence w/ me - I wish he could find some other gastric patient to visit but he seems to be content w/ me :(  How many of you guys saw Greg today?
Jayel – Thanks for the Bible versus.
Please do not try to drag me into the musical 21st century.
Leslie - I say we alternate and really confuse him.
She took me out to lunch and then I came home and amazing enough my electric was back on.
I'm going to be a cleaning whirling dervish (sp?)
Okay while I know it is a big news story that he died I'm really getting tired of it.
:)     Sherry- I was going to say that what you were describing with not being able to see the posts sounds a lot like the problem I have at work.
Well I gotta get back to the books.
It is crazy because now it is so hot you can't stand it but Bill is on the way to give us some more rain.
Kim had his knee surgery Monday and he's doing pretty good, all things considered.
It came out nice- a little dull looking now, but it looks CLEAN and that's really nice.
i've  been hoping they'd do more with their embedded reporters.
Best of luck to the Yankees- go net those Marlins!
Either way, it's a 3 day weekend for me-yay!!
At the risk of getting too personal, have you ever heard the theory that women who live or work together end up with simultaneous cycles?
I'll be one of the first in line to buy your cookbook!!
Okay I'm flying to Florida on Sunday so I don't really need to hear about all these Al Queda plans to attack planes by the end of the summer.
