The light from my lamp had never burned so benevolently.
What the Iraq War is Costing You   from  urlLink The Guardian   The United States has spent more than $126bn on the war in Iraq, which will ultimately cost every American family an estimated $3,415, according to a new report by two thinktanks.
20-21 Yay for CBS (News)   Okay, so they didn't air MoveOn.
- The New York Times, May 7, 2004, New York, New York  "Rumsfeld Must Go."
Only lately did I guess a small Bush was to blame, and that long ago his father, the "Great Bush," had been spying out all the ways, and discovering a means to disparage myself and my fellow trees.
When Powell told her to get out of the way and came back on camera, he made a startling admission, in bold, below.
I have been in contact with an Air Force recruiter, who assures me that there is a new fast-track flight school program that will make use of my personal talents and aptitudes.
Also, I imagined being very unpopular amongst the stripper women, because I had no money for them to buy drugs with.
Our presence is causing death, suffering, destruction, and so large sections of the population are rising against us..."  -  urlLink Howard Zinn   Interview with  urlLink The Korea Times Memo: Rumsfeld Approved Some Abuse    urlLink The Terror Plot That Never Was    urlLink Ronald Reagan, On Ronald Reagan      "My father never felt the need to wrap himself in anybody else's mantle.
They are designed to facilitate control of the political process through elected representation and by personal protections such as civil rights.
There was nothing to be seen; the distance was too great.
An office area consisted of a small glass table and chair.
... We've just lost the goal of helping anyone over there because of this show, and God help us.
"It looks like we're winning the war, shminky.
9   A lap dance at Show and Tel is ten dollars.
This allegation is unfounded.
I'm not even much of a bargain shopper, either.
It now appears that an agent called "Curve Ball" had misled the CIA by suggesting that Saddam had trucks and trains that were delivering biological chemical weapons.
He can tell them to jump in the lake.
Boy, you must have been asleep for a good twenty minutes or so by my watch."
Of course, it doesn't say anything about taking over other countries.
-  urlLink The Week The Budget Wars   Getting government off your back, one fire-engine at a time.
[USA Today, 6/13/03; AP, 6/12/03]   Days before Bush's State of the Union address CIA analyst Alan Foley warned NSC staffer Robert Joseph that the intelligence was not certain.
MoveOn PAC is planning an incredibly ambitious, groundbreaking, precinct-level neighbor-to-neighbor campaign we're calling Leave No Voter Behind: MoveOn's Neighbor-to-Neighbor Victory Drive.
"This only underscores our benevolence as a superpower, that we would care so deeply for the needs of these backwards people."
"The struggle for freedom is never easy.
If your nation shows up at your door, tell them it is not a good time, as you are in the middle of a bath.
If you don't follow a place like Iraq for thirty years, as I have, you don't have a good sense of what is plausible and what is not.
On Maintaining a Good Humor in Combat     urlLink     There comes a time for every citizen when our nation calls on us to go to war.
I didn't want to see her compromise herself by accepting my American dollars for the entertainment purposes of my friend.
It compels one to find the good in every unwanted corner of life.
I was still very critical about the stripping enterprise.
Instead, the company will be airing an alternative piece explaining how freedom of information is a threat to the homeland, and that large corporate conglomerates are in a unique position to decide what should not be viewed by the American public.
"Verily, verily, my dear.
Chastity      The appeal of chastity has waned considerably in the modern era.
In fact, though Mr. Reagan was very popular in 1984 and 1985, he spent the latter part of his presidency under the shadow of the Iran-Contra scandal.
The advantage to living chastely is that one is permitted to love indiscriminately all of humankind.
This began with 2004's famous Economic Report of the President, which asked the hard question, "What is Manufacturing, Anyway?
It was a clever design, I can tell you that.
--Hermann Goering, Nazi leader, at the Nuremberg Trials Death Interviews JRB of Souvenir Recordings       Last night I dreamt that I was interviewed by Death about involvement in the Philadelphia-based band Souvenir Recordings.
I don't believe in terrorism.
Quebec Wal-Mart Could Become Unionized   from  urlLink The Associated Press   Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's largest retailer, has no unionized stores, although a handful of meat cutters at a Wal-Mart Supercenter in Texas had voted to join the United Food And Commercial Workers in 2000.
"You never told me that!"
Far from being an attack on Jews, the PCUSA decision to investigate selective divestment as a way to end Israel’s 37-year occupation is in the best Judeo-Christian tradition of supporting universal human rights and justice.
The truth is that I've lost a lot of weight since Condi's testimony--I'm afraid it didn't go half as badly as I had hoped--and most of what's left to lose is bone marrow, skeletal  features by now.
"The definition of a manufactured product is not straightforward," states the annual Economic Report of the President.
I was instructed to take them off, if I wanted to attend the event.
Death:  You're not interested in recording albums?
I repeated my opinion of the former president not caring enough about black people to understand their history.
A vow of solitude does not give us license to begin killing everyone willy-nilly, however.
They would go back to their old jobs, like being unemployed, or starving peaceably.
The best of many bands can be found here--whether it is the weaving counterpoint melodies between organ and bass; the lean, bell-like intonation of sparkling guitars; the charmed tenacity of the snare; or the suspended lamentation of Sketch's cascading vocals--and much excitement is borne out of the desire to name The Organ's sound in precise terms.
Intellectuals who can help them do this have always been in great demand."
Sex Workers of The World, Untie and Take Over   I cannot tell you the last time I attended a strip club.
A non-raping standard, for instance.
While the rest of the world stood united for peace, only a freedom-loving people such as ourselves could make the case for war against a bad, weaponless man.
For 100 days, people were killed at the rate of about 8000 a day.
Let us not forget those nations who stood by our side, like Macedonia; or those who conspired against us, like Germany.
Bush Creates New Manufacturing Sector   Job opportunities in the American manufacturing sector are experiencing a revival this year, thanks to a new Bush administration initiative to rethink the meaning of blue-collar work.
Do neo-liberals tend towards militarism in solving world problems?
Mercy on Maureen, was woman before ever so be-pelted with regrets!
I tried talking to him about her but I couldn't pronounce her name.
He’s not as interested in conservative values as in empire-building.
We don't even know the current score, or whether U2 will be performing at half-time."
-  urlLink nycanarchistgrapevine   Just don't forget your  urlLink earplugs !
Nickel and Dimed      When someone works for less pay than she can live on--when, for example, she goes hungry so that you can eat more cheaply and conveniently--then she has made a great sacrifice for you, she has made you a gift of some part of her abilities, her health, and her life.
She didn't ask me like a question.
It's just a big space, really, with this L-shaped bar where the girls dance.
Should you arrive at PHL after midnight, there will be no train to take you to Center City; not only will there be no train, there will be no attendant at the terminal information desks, there will be no attendant at the transportation information desks; there is only the unflagging insistence of airport signs and markers that you continue to baggage claim and ground transportation.
"Well, what if I gave my consent?"
A lot of people couldn't tell we were together.
He is also the co-author of eight books about Islam, including the latest, Christian Jihad.
Cuba      There's nothing like showing up to a party uninvited.
Now a number two is a quarter-pounder with cheese.
Another thing that was interesting about his tour was that he had to dress up so the North Koreans couldn't take pictures and use it as propaganda, saying that South Korea was poor.
"I'm sorry," I told the untrustworthy stripper, "I didn't mean to hug you."
Socialist Eugene V. Debs lost both his 1912 and 1920 presidential runs, but much of his platform, like Social Security, ultimately formed the basis of the modern welfare state.
"Well, at least Saddam Hussein won't be flying planes into buildings ever again.
The Policy of Truth       The disadvantage to being honest is that it alienates.
Why can't a woman be a chum?
A critical and popular favorite, The Organ write melodic and introspective music based on layered interplay between their instrumentalists--Debora Cohen, guitar; Ashley Webber, bass; Shelby Stocks, drums; Jenny Smyth, Hammond organ--and the intimate and doleful lyrics of their lead singer, Katie Sketch.
This has been the function of war through history--to maintain or expand positions of privilege for the decision-makers at the expense people who aren't the decision-makers.
Take care and I really do hope to hear from you soon!!
Well, I've been having a bad night.
I guess it's part of the whole "healthy" McDonald's scam--like the elimination of the "super-size" option (because it's too much for people to resist an unhealthy bargain when they see one).
I'll be spending most of tomorrow evening rehearsing with him, so blame him for the delay, and whatever else suits your fancy.
This means if you don't like a person, just wait long enough and you won't have to sit through their next State of the Union address.
Particularly interesting are reports that the  urlLink painting was covered  before the conference under dubious pretense; the fact that this shot was somehow managed and now appears on the provisional government's website suggests a comic conspiracy of the highest order.
I addressed my intruder in a respectable tone:  "Hello, there, my friend.
It should be evident to everybody that they've screwed up."
As I rode the subway home, I considered the advantages one enjoys in rejection.
Or I would start to say something and then distract myself thinking about all the leering men and what they thought about it.
I apologized for my vulnerability to the sun and my constant consumption of water and hourly lavatory constraints.
I fell upon the bed with surprise.
Terror was very much in the air this Christmas season, only not in the form of germ warfare on the streets of Philadelphia, where I had hoped to slow the gentrification of my neighborhood.
When we tested the ad by running it in one city for a week, it produced an amazing 6% shift in the vote toward John Kerry.
In this case, Scott Ritter was the better source, and even he exaggerated Iraqi WMD.
If you don't think it the best thing for you - then at least tell me that you will talk to me (or let me talk to you!!)
"What if you gave your consent?"
We did quite a bit of walking that day, even though we weren't feeling too hot.
