did you imagine it would be like this two months ago?
in any event, we'll give it another try.
if a certain comment was gay then expect to know it.
bright and early at ten is exactly the time when i want to be doing incars.
for about five blissfully ignorant seconds, i was pondering what it exactly was i was needed for.
the lack of post can probably been drawn from the fact that when i used to be bored or have free time i used to come here and put down my thoughts.
she would have still been driving now but what can i say?
not suprisingly this thing has been neglected once again, but hey life happens and stuff gets busy.
they have good intentions but leave me the fuck alone sometimes.
he's not even getting the worst treatment in the school though.
one may foolishly make the mistake of thinking this would stop us in our tracks.
there's a party and i'll probably end up at the mall.
off to arabica, there we had 5 minutes of honesty... not the swiftest idea in the book.
tuesday through friday it was called a bonfire/party.
i think i'm going to use the insurance check and some savings to get this dodge stealth.
honesty combined with the ability to show the least bit of vulnerability goes a long way in my book.
that is, until my mom shows up with the rest of the family when they hear i am not under strict supervision with a girl.
i don't want to really go into detail just yet, so let's not dwell.
i've been in heavy working mode since our return from virginia beach still in debt with five dollars in my pocket.
then the jv game was  slightly  better.
now i'm all done with drivers ed so yippie!
so those are my plans for a great summer.
well i kind of got last minute nerves and backed my thang up (actually my 98' sunfire) right over a cone.
you will get bitched out if u are one of these people.
six months is a long time but i'm planning on spending plenty more days with my girl.
such a great culunary invention.
don't get me wrong i believe this one will be the best to date, only different.
it's been so foreign to me to have that feeling, it was a huge shock to the system i guess.
in the immortal words of the great PTI host Tony Kornheiser: we'll try to do better the next time... with the first day back at the infamous bhs came a predictably casual day.
then he was talking to her in the hallway, here's where i come in, innocent ole me walks up and starts talking to allison.
maybe post card sex over phone sex.
this is still true when i'm sitting at the kitchen table.
after much search on tuesday, i discovered my keys were locked in on the seat of my car sitting at southpark mall during closing time.
but finally after all that drama i made it over to amber's.
anywho that was all the exciting, funny, and/or weird things that happened so far this weekend and this is by far the longest entry  EVER .
(o)(o)... on another subject, i've recently seen a lotta people that have been m. i.a.
i just read the last entry in this web log- geez there's about 5 spelling errors where you have to go... wait a second.
:) oh yeah there was their danish foreign exchange student, meri, too.
if u get unsweetened tea, like liz, you are looked at as if you just dropped ur pants and rubbed ur business in someone's grandma's face.
today i'm going to some job fair for radioshack.
think for yourself and you'll find your own answers.
the waitress i fear might very well of thought we were savages by our destruction of the complimentary chips at the table.
liz and i were the best, closest friends there were.
i love school, what can i say?
i think babies are the best.
seriously pathetic from my point of view.
i thought they meant a lot to me too.
my restaurant selection being hoggie's in valley view.
everyone was funny for some reason so it was cool but i o. d'ed on that general tso's chicken.
because christine isn't friends with amber and/or doesn't know her like that so when christine says a joke involving her sound stupid to me.
i know it's not cross-country but it's still a lot farther than before.
well we thought we were showing up fashionably late by a half an hour.
maybe tonight there'll be a nightmare about that book chasing me and eventually tackling me with it's massive size.
today everyone was more than accompanying.
this attempt to teach me responsibilty is kinda pointless.
christine of all people should know because having plenty of classes with her, i call her gay all the time.
hell no, are you kiddin me.
then tom and allison's relationship ended in bedford square.
then yesterday was my uncle jeffrey's big 32. we went to this small italian place named Angie's Pizza.
i have a car though so i'll be down there as often as possible.
anybody who hasn't already should read kevin's blog  urlLink   for his take on the night... finally getting together again since what seems for months, the friday night group (or at least a majority of it) hung out last weekend.
kelly went missing causing the death of a social life tonight.
i feel like putting my perspective about things happening recently on my blog.
realistically though, i'm probably bull poo-poo'in you when i say "hey i'm actually going to write in this thing a couple times a week".
has anybody seen the previews for anchorman and been absolutely waiting to see it?
i got motion sickness or rather disoriented half way across.
i barely have time to catch up with this week.
it is loaded with sugar just the way i love it.
it was an awesome day to spend with a pretty girl.
i have a solution to all these goodbye blues... fail the whole entire senior class so they are bound here forever.
(post your own or i have comments.)
i'm calling it and night.
amber and i are going bowling with some of her friends and possibly one or two of mine.
she tries to put her foot down at the wrong times.
today i need to find something to do tonight.
friday night there was the football game.
enough of ruining all of your precious eye sight.
maybe some cutie's backside?...
i told that girl i loved her.
it's been sort of a blur, but a good blur none the less.
even though the pay isn't out of control, i don't think i'll have much trouble with it.
maybe i'll talk about it in another blog.
everybody should be able to have someone like that.
a lots happened, happily a lot more good than the bad, which is always a good thing.
the last day of spring break... what an eventful day, i must say a couple suprises but most were pleasant others were not so pleasant.
one of my neighbors kicked our cat now i'm suppose to blare some music.
so that kinda turned into a normal (but longer) blog about friday night with my explainations for why everything happened.
i payed little attenion or thought to the office runner.
wink, wink... now everytime 'A Tale Of Two Cities' comes into my sight i feel imtimidated.
something i will definitely miss about the trip is the iced tea down there.
the worst of all this was amber being in the car.
i know what i'm going to do, wait.
rock on to the iced tea... on the way back we made a stop in chapel hill, north carolina.
i don't really have an answer to that though.
especially i've discovered during the few times i've been drunk and such... after the buzz i usually get really really pissy.
maybe he was taking up clifford's spot on PBS and that big red dog wasn't having that.
keep small children and animals off the sidewalks, let alone the streets.
this summer was so easy and simple.
this emancipation has been long awaited and i'm going to revel in it's glory.
of course making me smile and in good spirits.
