Then to make it worse she goes and says "Well I'm not going to any party where there isn't booze!"
again where I bought Natalie's Jello and loads of Kool-Aid!
Set off about Ten in the morning (Grandma and Grandad were running a bit late) and traveled down to Dover via a few motorways and a long and tiring car journey.&nbsp; The M6 toll road is amazing and really empty!&nbsp; We finally arrived at Dover and boarded the ferry.&nbsp; Ryan has never been on one so he was a bit scared at first.&nbsp; Last night he said to Dan, "I'm sitting by the window!"
Sam got sent out for tapping the desk (wtf?!!)
Only 16 days until my birthday!!
Assembly nearly sent me to sleep with Mr. Gledhill rambling on about bloody target setting and how we're going to be doing it again, grr!
We soon came to land at good old Manchester Airport, greeted by an ENGLISH accent, yes I couldn't believe it lol!
Good night :) Another day gone.
Period 5 was so boring, and Biology passed in what seemed seconds.
That's what you get for sp00king someone with brains James :D   Hehe Becky ;)  Jamie might be hosting a sleepover this weekend so that should be good if it happens!
Quite ironic actually; this comes straight after the last lesson where I recall her telling Craig off for missing some of her lesson time... Hypocrite!
Went to school a little nervous and It was great in whole, well, it would be being my first day lol.
Chris used the word 'Romantic' but I didn't quite think so with the roaring traffic going past (He also mentioned the name of the person he fancies but I can't repeat it without risking my life :P)  I'm about to fall asleep sitting here at my computer.
Relieved that the plans had worked out brilliantly, we headed straight over to Spinball Whizzer which twisted and turned its way throughout the queue and up into the air.
Physics wasn't that good ebcause we just did a practice test.
My PC has been going okay since my format (yep, had to do it AGAIN) so hopefully this time it will behave.
So strange...  Chris was brave enough to enter the canteen, and 'get a cup of water' from the cooler, mouthing "Hutton Report" to the camera each time he passed one.
I was just about to watch Austion Powers on TbsSuperstation but most of the good parts were edited, so I came back to the computer :)  We haven't really done anything exciting today except eat... lol  I hope we're doing something cool tomorrow.
A long term comes to an end, along with all the coursework and the words GCSE (eek) finally dissapear into the brances of the Christmas tree... for now!
The army and navy guys were pretty arrogant and again, like all hard ass 'intelligent' and 'authoritive' army people, had an attitude problem.
I keep thinking it's nearly late afternoon when it's not :S Somebody slap me, lol!
A mufti day is fast approaching soon also, and I don't care that we have been asked to wear sports clothing.
We were then suprised to a night visit to Westminster.&nbsp; I got my camera out and we waited many minutes for the 91 bus to Trafalgar Square to arrive.&nbsp; We got there in minutes and departer to the&nbsp; brightly lit streets of London at night.&nbsp; Traffic lighting and floodlights for the monuments created a brilliant atmosphere all around.&nbsp; We got to Big Ben just in time for the Ten PM chimes which totally brought the whole experience to life.&nbsp; The large clock was illuminated entirely and stood magnificantly on the riverside.&nbsp; I took a few pictures of Westminster Abbey and then we crossed over to Westminster Bridge to sneak a few of the beautifully lit London Eye and more of Parliament and Big Ben.&nbsp; After snapping loads of photos we went back to the hotel.
I've been working on Coffee Chat and tiring myself out programming all day ¦-) I just watched Bruce Almighty again!
The endless reminder about the upcoming exams is getting annoying now lol.
They would be better described as ice-cream trucks!&nbsp; We walked past them anyway (Ryan wanted one after just having one for pudding) and walked along the pier, stretching along the dirty Calais water.&nbsp; Numberous boats could be seen across the horizon in great sunlight, which I couldn't capture on film due to me not bringing my camera out with me - doh!
We went to Wal-Mart again, aching my legs off because of the largeness of the store, and after that, heading to McDonalds via Target to get the sweets to bring back home :)  I had another super large Dr. Pepper, and I was able to drink it this time without feeling like one of Ryan's Birthday balloons lol.
Cya hehe Another eventful day at school.
Just about to get to sleep in my nice warm... floor!
I'm so pleased with this MP3 Player!
Waking up at 7:30 - 8:00 isn't easy :(  And yes, get a load of this, all of our precious sunlight hours are spent at school!
We all bought somethin' and James went and bought a massive bar of chocolate again (hehehe!
Standing out in the freezing rain is not fun, trust me!
The general attitude toward him around the table at break wasn't a pleasant one, due to things he had been saying behind peoples backs, a usual thing that James does   Next came a double period in W1; Geography and Chemisty, oh how fun!
A quick 2 hours up the motorway and we entered the outskirts of London - nearly there!&nbsp; After travelling about 20 minutes, the residential area began to get more dense and lots of commercial and inustrial zone began to appear.&nbsp; We passed a few congestion zones and we kept spotting the eye&nbsp; on the horizon between the high buildings which I would have expected to be in somewhere like America.&nbsp; We finally saw Westminster, Big Ben, the London Eye and the Thames when we crossed a bridge.&nbsp; It wasn't a long look, more like a glimpse, but we were well on our way to Bloomsbury where our hotel was.
I felt the effects of jet lag this morning when I couldn't concentrate at all.
I was the only one who seemed to get completely soaked lol.
We did something about leaves in Biology and then looked at settlements and stuff in Geography.
Anwyays, i'll post later in the daytime on what happened (if anything!)
I've been really weird lately and hopefully I'm not in a depressive and nasty mood anymore.
The presentations were really good, except for ours.
My alarm clock didn't friggin wake me up again!
The Ministry of Defence came in and we had a few presentations and talks about what they did.
and head to KFC for a bite or two to eat.
Sheldon's sister came but I didn't see her, lol.
In a million years.... :o(  Heavy snow and temperatures of -14 are expected!!!
Becky sold some of Chris' drawings to daft Year 7s for small sums of money lmao!
I even got a snap of one of the stands which had guns in!
Because we're mental that's why    Zak brought along a large rubber dinghy which was ridden along the river for a bit.
It's Becky's birthday soon so I'll make her something cool on flash to give her instead of a boring old card.
If it's not secret codes he flaunts, its the PoD or Netstat as a 'hacking' method (god help us all).
Science was ok, we did something about motors.
We made our way across the bridge and towards the London Eye which we boarded after about half an hour due to a couple of small queues for tickets and boarding the world's largest observation wheel.&nbsp; The whole 'flight' was truly brilliant.&nbsp; As soon was we were at the wheel's full height, the whole of London was visible in its true form - city EVERYWHERE!&nbsp; Buckingham palace and all of the government buildings were visible and tons of skyscrapers and cool looking buildings were too, not to mention Westminster and the Houses of Parliament.&nbsp; The whole experience was amazing and we got 'ride photos' when we came off too (the whole ride was operated and managed by Tussauds!)
The dinnerlady stuck up for Chris, aww    We went out of the canteen and Michaela's sister, sorry BROTHER (the smoking guy  ), started on James and had a little paddy.
There's a nice big bottle of champagne in the fridge, dreading the day of our approval because it's going to be popped with a lot of force!
lol  I've been making mad flash cartoons now that I have learnt a few basic skills.
Information Systems was cool because Mrs. Checketts used the flashy new projector things; little did she know that the laser beam on the controller kept shining in my eye when she was making gestures with her hands.
Mwahahaha What a weird and wonderful day!
Last night I added a webcam link which shows a latest snapshot taken by my webcam.
It sounds like NOTHING at all!!
I've got yet ANOTHER cold and my throat hurts :(  I hope it rains really soon because I've had just about enough of it being sunny, even though I was really bored of seeing rain cloud rain cloud on the weather every day.
We might be making an early start to Sheldon's mum's house in San Angelo so I thought I'd better post now.
The ride was so intense you felt like you were free falling much faster than you would jumping off a building... face down!
We then went to the pool and this time I got completely soaked and, well, we all did except for Sophie and oliver.
One word which best describes today?
Today has been quite funny, and somewhat spooky!
The small lessons of Information Systems we had was quite good actually.
I have some homework I need to do and I'm boiling hot.
I better get to bed now or I'll feel really rubbish in the morning.
Other lessons were just... blah.
In the end, we thought it was.
I've spent most of the day installing things back onto my computer.
This is the Easter Holidays!
I might give it a go... after reading Harry Potter 4 and 5 again Another long hot day!
I don't know if It's just me or the sandwhiches in the canteen are getting a bit crusty round the edges.
Finally I'm back where the cool blue graphics run wild and the smoothness can let rip.
Overall the night was pretty rough as usual with sleepovers lol.
Every single person waiting suddenly stopped talking and gawped at him.
In one of them I was getting married!
I'm currently guzzling down some Mountain Dew I bought home, the caffeine settles me down o. O!
Stop giving us so much bloody work!
It's meant for myself and my friends or people at school but if there are any adults reading, feel free to see what us teens talk about lol.
School today was okay slightly.
I'm gradually making my mind up over moving over here.
You know, when your at school you don't wanna be there, but when your at home, you do.
Oliver just wanted to hide them and make it look like they were having a secret tea party, which would have been hilarious if we had little cups!
I can't remember what was said but it might have been funny dream talk.
We got a little bit tipsy on beer and sweets hehe.
Next stop, the toilets, followed closely by a ride on Oblivion.
Checketts' lesson was quite strange.
LOL  Might be popping up the mall later... that should be fun!!
I breathe out talent on the glass to write my name.
I'm still going to have to try hard though and do the work well :) I think I've pushed it a bit tonight...  My head hurts, I feel stuffy and sick and I feel really horrible :(  I hope this jet lag gets out of my system soon, it's worse than I expected.
English was ok, as was Biology and Geography, then Maths..!
Should be putting those sleepover pics up in the gallery later if I can be arsed.
I was going to go out but I decided to stay in because I didn't feel like going out again.
Hopefully it's just me, expecting it to be horrible when it won't be :|  Case is nearly packed, I'm trying to squeeze the last bits of clothes in.
Hope you all like the blog and find it a really cool read!
Maybe it won't when I go out in the freezing cold to go to school eh, lol.
So what was the staff member doing with it then   lmao.
