The other author  Nick Brown  is currently busy maintaining his personal website and his personal blog as well.
People are giving up even before they give things a chance.
As if you guys didn't fuckin' know already huh?
Everyone look into their own lives and try to find irony in everyday situations.
There was free food, which I thought was even better than gettin' an award.
Some of you idiots open the door.
And they had the  Rent-A-Cops-on-Wheels  check if we were leavin' for sure.
Yeah, I don't need tellin' twice, I've got  Nick  and  Elyse  for that.
Bafflin' bullshit...its the Punk Rock Editorial!
They are just one person outta who knows how many who dislike you.
We have not blogged for at least a week now!
Well, he did an article on  "teasing, heckling, and blah blah."
Those fuckers drugged me!
It's like we are wasting time on a worthless project."
OK, OK...I finally got my lazy ass to get on this stupid thing and type up another blog!
(Refer to blog post on Friday, June 06, 2003) 4) A running of index of when lyrics, poems, reviews were posted etc  every week!
First off,  SCHOOL IS OUT !
Do I offer him or her a pen?
Kazaa  is pretty addictive sometimes, but yeah.
The end date for the contest has not been announced yet, but apparently entries are being taken.
Every now and then, one of us can post the latest movie that we have seen and what not.
But, thats outta the way now...
Well I guess its been a really long while since I've blogged on here...or blogged at all.
But it is the morning time!
Yeah, it comes out  Sept. 9th .
I renewed  1984  and  Keep the Aspidistra Flying  by  George Orwell  and picked up  Down and Out in Paris and London  (also by  Orwell ) and  China and Japan: Myths and Legends  by  Donald A. MacKenzie .
Anyway, the we played  skeeball  and shot some hoops (yeah we did!
So, since I was doin' nothin', I thought I'd blog, since I don't really have anythin' else to do.
There is a good version of sucking that I know of and its really cool.
I wish I did...My sister,  Stacie's , boyfriend  Ryan  went.
What is the moral of me telling you this?
Lets take a quick look at who is online right now.....looks like  Mario, Elyse, and Jeanell  are the only ones on this late.
Seems like things are kinda outta whack...Alright!
Anyway, here's how it works...quotes will be searched for in various places.
I can probably name a few instances, but I withhold them to myself.
That is about it for now!
I am going to take  JR 's advice and I am going to just find random things to talk about!
No one is online, so there isn't anybody to fuckin' talk to...shit.
I guess he was mad at me cuz my room isn't exactly clean.
Didn't go too bad, and I was satisfied.
Mr. Brown has been a writer for  Three Eye Witnesses  since May of 2003 while maintaining his personal blog,  Go Ahead and Read This Only if You Dare .
I will still be maintaining some things here at  Three Eye Witnesses Corporations  every now and then.
I think I can do it, and its worth a try I guess.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------  On the Internet:   Three Eye Witnesses : http://screwlife.
If I'm still on, I'll try to blog more about...somethin'!
After that, I thought we should just walk back to my house (neither of us can drive legally) and so we did, laughin' our asses off about things that really aren't even that funny...Hey!
We shot into the  Gamekeeper  and sought sanctuary there.
Maybe the public has not been properly informed and they have been given the false impression that there is nothin' really wrong out there, when in fact the world is seriously fucked up.
Keep checking back for updates on the possible revival of our blog!
Have we defined "sucking" yet?
Nick  mentionin' some shit about titles.
I must've fuckin' double posted for like the thousandth time...of course  Nick  caught the mistake...but I actually spotted the double post and deleted the unnecessary double...Unfortunately,  Nick  must've deleted the original post, prolly mistook it as the double...well I forgot what I posted here...so sadly this will be its sorry replacement.
Thank you to everyone.... including our loyal readers!
So I decided to start thinkin' up ideas on how to improve the site and make it really kick ass.
I've been workin' fuckin' tirelessy all fuckin' night god dammit!
Ok, I will have to blog this afternoon I guess!
Last night, I went with  my sisters  to a karaoke party held by  my oldest sister's  boyfriend  Mark .
Maybe some book reviews are in order?
But I just wanna say one thing.
If you don't like the personal life in there, don't read it, cuz personal life makes up a portion of what we blog about.
An article will be coming soon about the current state of the  Three Eye Witnesses  blog.
So, I apologize, my friend but its over, done-the end...
Anywhoo: (hahaha) school is going to be hectic today and tomorrow, but most of all TOMORROW.
My heartfelt condolensces to  ELYSE .
"If I was..." Contest Is Going on at  Three Eye Witnesses   Nick Brown  Associated BlogPress  On August 29th, the "If I was..." contest at the  Three Eye Witnesses  blog was in full swing.
Really great weather, compared to the heatwave earlier this week.
I mean, come on, we know the fuckin' people who read this damn blog, its not like everyone in the whole fuckin' world reads this blog or anythin' like that.
The contest is ending soon for  Three Eye Witnesses .
Duh, who else stays up this late besides me?
:) Anyway, I will blog a little more when there is more to talk about.
And we obviously don't update the quote weekly...its more like weekly and give or take two or three days.
We'll try to make them as G-rated as possible, but please, like the government, don't take our promises seriously!
Insanity is such a tragedy for us to see...its the Punk Rock Editorial!
OK, well this blog has been ignored and abused more than a couple of white trash kids in a trailor park!
For instance, it was ironic how I came up with the idea that, in this blog we should just speak what's on our minds, but in the last blog that I had posted, I had no fuckin' clue what to talk about!!!
Finally, with the school year comin' to an end,  Naoki  has reminded me over and over again of how many jokes that we've all come up with and how we should compile them into a book so that they can bask in everlasting glory and never be forgotten!
I'm just fixing the links again!
Well *yawn* good mornin' to all you skanky bitches anyway!
Prolly not you guys, cuz its too damn early to be awake!
In the end, is it really a blog worthy poem?
DISCLAIMER  : this blog is merely for comical purposes.
Fuck, I need a new topic...how many fuckin' times can I remind you guys that school is startin'?
Haha, even though the written (or typed in this case) word is considered one of the ways we express ourselves, its strange how sometimes written or typed words suck at expressing human emotion.
com Ugh...alright...Its been one long ass period of time since I blogged on here.
Well, thats about it for now.
Ok, so maybe they haven't around here, but I am not about to just say  everything   that has happened in the last couple of weeks (by couple I mean 5-7 weeks, ha ha).
Yeah, its  JR. , not  Nick .
Well, not much has been happenin'.
Now isn't that interestin'?
Heh,  Nick , you demonstrated that this blog could go on even with just one writer...if you wanted to go on strike...well...J/K!
A Blog Worthy Poem By:  Nick Brown .
Everyone loved that damn thing!
Saving the world from the Nazis....its the Punk Rock Editorial!!!
Its fuckin' fun...and sorry, some people set themselves up to be made fun of (i. e. big mouth girl who is very fat and wears see through pants so we can see her fat asshole devour here poor little sky blue underwear!).
The school year is comin' to a close and I'm glad to say that I have completed most of the required projects, although I still have some work to do for Pre-AP English 2.
Parents on a prick parade...its the Punk Rock Editorial!
In fact, this is the first entry since last month!
Heh, just online screwin' around again.
****CALL FOR CORPORATION "BOARD****  This is a call to make the official board of directors for the Three Eye Witnesses Corporation.
It is very early, and if you happened to read the  Punk Rock Editorial  before you read this blog, then you know why I am up so early...Anyway, to business.
