Sharks playoff game on today....wish them luck urlLink      Whats with this, im a girl????
First they where down 3-1 with 20 seconds left and i was like, "aww its okay if they win, they're going to the playoffs anyway."
php">What  is your Icecream Flavour?
I cant wait to go, its going to be soooooooooooo fun especially since its my last year of jr. high camp.
We wont be able to walk in and see their smiling (mean face for MR. B jkjkjk) face as we walk to our desk.
My favorite player ("Patty" Marleau) scored 3 goals which means he got the hat trick.
Arrived at the hotel and unloaded all our schtuff and went outside to go to McDonalds, im loving it.
Next, we headed towards the airport and parked our car at SFO parking.
Your parents hover over your tired, caffeine-drugged body at 12 midnight to say, "In China (or other native country), we studied even more."
O yeah and another thing is that blog has less down time then xanga, which means that you can edit at anytime for blog but sometimes you have to wait like 2 hours in order to post in the xanga.
Its all good though b/c its only the beginning of the season.
You work hard to achieve material success through your own efforts.
However, you are often so concerned about not hurting others' feelings that you don't tell them what they need to hear and this gets you both into trouble.
Thursday- Got up at 2 for some reason and looked outside only to see tons of people standing outside in front of the nightclub right next to our hotel.
Thursday- Woke up at like 9:30 and loaded all the baggage into the car.
Your grandparents had a different word for burger-flipping; they called it opportunity.
Your dad is some sort of engineer 3.
brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla Am I cool or uncool?
You either really, really want to go to UCI or really, really want to stay away from it (lol, not really true) 39.
Also, right now im soooooooooo scared b/c i have a really hard english test on the Red Badge of Courage tomorrow and i need to study really hard.
When going to other people's houses, you always have to bring a gift (often leftover cookies or candy that someone else brought when they came over!
Favorite sports are either volleyball or basketball (um.....mine is hocky, baseball, and football...do you see any volleyball or basketball written down?)
The same guy who scored the goal before scored again!
Im seeing it tomorrow so when i see it i might have a different view point the second time around.
Lets see....i had fun swimming, eating, and being abused by my shorter mom aka carmen.
The good think about blog is that its more powerful, you can do more things with it, and the graphics are better.
After the game, i left for San Fran to see the Lion King and it was great.
This is my last entry before i depart for DC.
The world will expect you to accomplish something BEFORE you feel good about yourself.
You have rocks, sticks, leaves, and strange-smelling, unknown substances in your pantry for use as medicine (i call it that smelly chinese stuff) 58.
I really do believe in the Big Bang theory because when God spoke.........*Bang* it happened.
The vast majority of the people related to you wear glasses.
You have a great deal of loyalty to those you love.
You drive mostly Japanese cars.
Victoria Peak&nbsp;was so high up and really scary but a really nice view.
You will most likely be taller than your parents (a record 5' 10" estimate to be exact... all though i hope i get taller then that) 50.
All my classes have been fine and for once im actually getting an A in english........
Your family always cheers for the Asian athlete on TV (i. e. Michael Chang) (waiting for some asian football players...maybe me?)
Then we hopped on the plane for a 4 hour ride over to Japan.
it happens all the time) 53.
This week has been the same.
After that sad moment i went to the Dublin track and ran a mile for a boy scout Merit badge.
Seven Things On My Mind: 1.
So for now ill sit and wait for the results and practice the rest of my pieces for my second half of CM.
So that has been my summer so far........ hopefully if i have time, ill post a pic of the fight during the ball game.
dessert is usually included, you know, that red bean stuff, oranges, or stale fortune cookies) 47.
My favorite player (Marleau) has 7 goals i think and leads the league in goals.
I cant confirm that this is true so if this happens or doesnt happen to you then please tell me.
Then i had lunch in the gym where i almost got pegged in the head by a flying ball.
So after that i ate dinner and then did my chores.
Bible was fun fun fun of course and yesterday mr. merrell gave me a packet of Eclipse gun that was CHERRY flavor.
A while later i went home and watched the rest of the Home Run Derby.
GO AZNS!!!!!!!...........
Luis was the champion of all the compitions which was really kewl.
2-anD-a-HaLf- im tired, i want to go back to sleep  3. what time is it?
For rec we had the tarp game which was a huge tarp with soap on it and the object was to try to restle ppl and get some balls worth points for our team.
com     Got this off of praise's blog..... whats with the ego thingy?
When we pulled up to another truck that was on the tour we were seeing who had drinken more from the bottle.
I made me want to make a commitment to do it but i cant since i have an important stuff going on for youth grouo and im a council member.
My favorite memory was probably seeing the adults drink beer on the back of a truck during a tour.
They were both really nice and i have so many great memories not just at the hotel but on the bus/plane.
He brought it closer and closer until...............SCORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bag of rice in your pantry (and I'm the one that always has to carry it!)
Thanks.................bye hey, havent blogged in A WHILE............... well first i think ill start with the famine.
Theres way too much to write about if i told you every little detail.
We walked around after that and went out to lunch at this Japanese restaurant where we had like noodles and fried chicken.&nbsp;Then met up with my moms cousin at the MTR terminal and went out to lunch AGAIN.
Friday-Sunday: Big Bear Lake  Sunday PM: Cram for Monday madness!
I would say that its really hard sometimes to say NO because they're your friends and you want the best for them.
So after that long day we went back to the hotel to go to sleep.&nbsp;By the way, me and my bro had our own rooms so&nbsp;that was kinda neato.&nbsp;   Saturday- Woke up early and then walked around until lunch time when we met up with my Dad's old roomy from St. Luis, also named Kevin,&nbsp;and he took us to a private club where we had dim sum, which happened to be reeeeaaaaaaally good.
I wish i had more time this summer to start my eagle project and get atleast some of it done, but i find my so self so busy with other stuff that im way to lazy/tired to start anything.
Im really busy with my job and now that i have been voted as vice president of SOS, im sure more fun schtuff will pop up that needs to be done.
It was really crowded too but it was fun getting to know everyone in your youth group better...while waiting in line.
So i got up ate some waffles and then ran out the door to go to Fremont.
The furniture in your house never matches the wallpaper, the carpet, the decorations, or any of the rest of the furniture (so what if i cant match) 57.
I think ill use some notes at http://www.
English made me tired and sleepy so i have no clue what the next two chapters are about b/c i didnt hear it, woops....... Laccrosse was fun but im really bad at it for some reason.
That was really good but the service was kinda bad and plus they were like out of a lot ot things.
That was this week but last week was even better.
So after that we went back to his really nice apartment for dinner to see his "crib" and stuff like that.
At least once, you've started a joke with "Confucius say...." 16.
Met some really NICE NEW councelors 8.
They were staring at us and like saying all this stuff in Chinese that were really weird.&nbsp;So we finally got in and headed on our way to our first destination.
So we sat there and orderd food&nbsp;but found that there were&nbsp;so many different things that you&nbsp;couldnt find in the&nbsp;States.
Hey people, Today was a boreing day b/c of test reviews and reading a book that had to be the worste civil war book ever made.
You hear (your name + eee (optional) + yah!)
Our parts included the dateing game and a movie showing of "Woman On A Mission."
Its also sad not being able to see some of my favorite teachers every day next year.
Shot after shot went back and forth on both sides.
You get nothing if you do well in school, but crapped on if you don't 52.
To tell you the truth, it smells okay but i dont think it works b/c ppl in my class are always still talking and they get crazy.
So when we arrived i noticed that we had left at 9:30 AM on thursday and arrived at 9:30 AM on thursday, which i thought was kinda funny.
We also went to the night markets earlier b/c we had to get up earlier the next morning.
Your parents still tried to get you into places half-price saying you were 12 when you were really 15 (lol, they are still doing it) 4.
Idiot people try to impress you with pathetic imitation Asian languages, like the ever-so-popular: ching chong woo bok chi, etc... (haha, especially white ppl) 22.
Now&nbsp;that i think&nbsp;of it and look at all i wrote, i dont really think so.&nbsp; Your Icecream Flavour is...  Neopolitan!
Spent some good kinda quality time with friends 9.
IM watchin the Super Bowl right now and im really bored because no ones scored yet!
There were some road blocks and disappointments that i went through but in the end i guess it turned out ok.
This week was really busy... had/still have hw and test this week so thats why i havent had much time to do anything at all.
After we went to corporate worship and the message was on Dinos and facts about evolution/creation.
