Though the subject changed quick.
I mean she signed off right in my face without us finishing our conversation.
And when both moods cross, its kinda weird.
I just don't know what to do.
Sad topic is: Break Up My sister's boyfriend broke up with her yesterday.
Knowing that someone is having a good time in their life because I have been there.
she will find a new boyfriend, we all know it.
Well yeah, i wish school can be like today.
Andro and me went around  Eagle Rock and I discovered some roads that I haven't been on before.
Like I mean I've been thinking about me, living without my parents money.
I really want to be alone with her, just for at least 30 minutes, that is NOT at school rounds.
I afraid of where I will go after I die.
even if you see me and it looks like im having a great time, im not.. like i go somewhere and i look at something, i just dont care, just leave it there.. i have something missing in my life.
I didn't mind them taking my wallet and playing monkey in the middle, but looking in it, supposively taking my money, and dropping the contents of it really got me pissed.
Today, classes in the room, like mine, would had to go to the library where we would stay far away from the poisonous substance.
It didnt even matter if it wasn't the real thing, it was life the real thing, though no one has to get the permission to break away.
My science teacher said to sit away and immediately called the attendence office.
Though me in water for a long period of time equals dark dark.
i mean i only se her during school, so this is my chance.
but yeah i could be poisoned.
too much drama in my life.
It felt great and it is very rare that the sun would be up in 6 o'clock in the morning.
Maybe there is no change me, unless I have to discover more life lessons to change my ways.
In the past, I said to myself, that I would never fall for her again.
I hate to see my sister cry.
here i am listening to my music talking about something that no one will ever hear me say.. there will read this and say, this is not chris, or chris dont sound like this... my life is is dead already, but im still living It's 2:14 so I guess this counts as a new day.
Just a while ago I was thinking that I would never want to grow up.
i missed nutrition, but i managed to get some food.. woot.
Though she has no respect for me.
I mean I keep thinking I have this chance with this girl, but she flirts with every guy.
I mean people have their moods and I know I have em.
Everyone wants respect even if you deny it.
I don't know if this idea of making people smile will ever stick with me.
Well, part of me is saying that I shouldn't be worrying about whats in the future, and I should be concentrating on the present.
I am just sitting here listening to the Copeland soundtrack, thinking about me in the future.
I have come to the conclusion that she doesn't like me.
So i dont even know what to believe anymore.
seriousness in me, no one will see.
If you do something to me, I will take my revenge.
i know i sound like a television but yeah sometimes i think ill wake up but i know i wont.
In my second period, a classmate of mine had found some mercury on the floor.
It's just impossible to not do that.
She asked me why i asked, and I said i wanted to take a walk with her.
I am kinda having a feeling that something good might come.
But i know her for a long time and still i dont even know if she was joking or not.
So I guess I'll just let this problem hang.
Kurt is getting a swimming pool which is very cool.
they had this device that measured the mercury, kinda like a metal detector.
I want to master life, I want the best out of life.
Having multiple personalites are a tuffy.
though my other teachers said that you can only get affected if you drank lots of amounts of it.
Well "yesterday" was a shorted day.
Today during lunch, I got a little crazy with my shoulder action.
I won't stare at her anymore in math class or anything, won't laugh at her jokes even though it might be funny, or I won't do anything.
Though it was a hot day, today was pretty cool.
i have touched some of the mercury but hadnt taken any with me to any classes.
Though i dont think she even likes me, ANYMORE.
I was asleep awhile ago and she IMed me and said, "your ignoring me on purpose."
And i have decided i am going to wear my shorts to school tomorrow.
I asked her what she was doing tomorrow, and she said her friend was gonna come over.
I try to do good deeds for friends, and be romantic for her.
They are like the only ones laughing.
Ill call her in the morning and see what comes up.
I want to make a website, but its so hard finding a website.
I knew she felt bad and she didnt go to school that day.
Give kind, and recieve it.
i gave him a good bleeding on the leg with a kick which made me really happy.
The winner gets a year long account of uploading anything like music, html files, and all kinds of shit.
We had fun playing basketball and baseball, then we went to Kurt's house across the street.
Justine does like the touching.
And I have seen it been weird by the comments I GET from people.
No more drama, just fun and sunshine.
I went to Chris Epps house and Darwin came.
I am just going to stop liking her someway or another.
If you like someone you would have respect for them.
Her and her buddies in math are so immature.
I guess I shouldn't even try next time.
Yeah I can last without her.
I have a while week, the whole spring break to dig, or do something, and find out the facts i need to come to my last conclusion.
And yet, people now know of my "angry" side.
I told her i wanted to meet her at the bottom of the hill instead.
I was never good at saying sorry, and I'm still not.
There are some things in life living for, and this is one of it.
Of course she really loved him.
this dream is something i cannot escape.
Like I said, she flirts with everyone.
Well i can wait till tomorrow, or should i mean today.. it is 1:39, which means it is monday.
I just forgot about the contest on shadowness.
something is stopping me.. no one takes me seriously anymore... its hard to change my image or not be me for a day, without breaking the silence.
We used to be so so so so close together.
Just to take this chance everytime with her is worth it, even though the outcome may not be the best.
Damn Mexican destractions.
and yeah things with me and reina havent been going well.
It's just confusing because sometimes she would say "I love you," but then she doesn't act like it.
Thats why I'm saying now-a-days.
I wonder to myself if I am doing good, or bad.
I mean yeah you know you don't like to see a family member of yours cry.
i said yes with a couple of other people and we had to get our shoes inspected for mercury.. man we had a lot of mercury on our shoes.
if a student had a lot, they would have to get their shoes cleaned.
Im just wasting my life dedicating time to someone who won't do the same thing back.
