2) found out that prior to last evening's activities, mr. jonmlee had never been the active recipient of a lap dance.
you'll get that in healthy doses, but we're smart enough round these parts to mix it up a bit b/c we're the best.
In the past, I've armed my hand close to my boxers when I tuck myself into bed knowing the night will be a long series of kisses with longing eye contact, cameraman point-of-views of my cock ramming some bitch's wet slit and arching necks of flowing hair.
this will be worthwhile content.
But I see the direction he's taking with his half of the blog.
As Tom says,   "we rock."
He was a member of the retinue of the god Dionysus and chased after nymphs.
Though any blog story is great in its own right, it doesn't do much.
i wish him well and hope that he maintains his prior level of discipline.
What I feel is lacking in many of these blogs is ambition.
Main Entry: pri·a·pism Pronunciation: 'prI-&-"piz-&amp;mFunction: noun: an abnormal, more or less persistent, and often painful erection of the penis; especially : one caused by disease rather than sexual desire  Pri·a·pus /prI-'A-p&amp;s/, Greek mythological character.
php ) to a political fund, as well as your friends, coworkers and family.
-----------------------------------    the essence of hot dog mafia?
A self-promotion of their lives, either through discussion of what happened in a daily e-diary or through a collection of jpegs of moments capturing their daily lives.
and we will whine and bitch about stupid shit.
challenge but do not deny.
I'll leave you with this.
i guess the gold club has slipped, so the question is - WHERE then, are the hot strippers?
Happy Premise Number One: There are no aliens.
If he thinks he can just hog up all the space on this blog, he's in for a big ole' lickin.
Even now, the few of us who've laid out a plan long ago have moved on.
heck, we've cooked an entire pig, had a crawfish boil, recreated amazing dishes from the commander's palace cookbook, grilled all kinds of meat up the yinyang.
He's all about me, me, me.
She answered with a long "noooooo."
Imagine a smoker who uses a vaporizer with tobacco instead of smoking it.
------------------------------------------------------------------      for the purposes of historical context and posterity - let me iterate that we will be thoughtful and insightful with our ramblings, musings, etc.
i guess having a non-unique first name and last name should ensure me of having cyber obscurity.
I didn't have to look down to know that my raging horniness carried over from last night and that my prick was rigidly beyond its usual morning form.
we won't try too hard to be clever and witty - we'll sprinkle just enough throughout to keep you coming back.
Imagine instinctively beating off while in la-la land.
Something was wrong with my right testicle.
Squish the daily experiences and the pulp to extract some juice.
One simple measure of how unique we as a group are, have been the various comments I hear from fringe friends, coworkers and acquaintances.
Dude, it keeps me up at night.
There is nothing we won't do.
they will help right the ship if it is off course.
participants (in every aspect..if you read this, you're an active participant), will add to, enjoy and bask in the warm glow of hot dog mafia.
that's what i say about my friends and i. in an effort to increase our vocabulary, here is something for you to chew on.
I somehow regret all that alcohol I’ve thrown down in the past 27 years of my life.
we should, that's what being friends is about.
Compress the ears, eyes, mouth and fingers for a second and give live mental static.
over all, VERY disappointing seeing the low quality of talent at this once esteemed establishment.
the essential hot dog mafia?
There's too many blogs, not enough world wide web and I'm taking mine, even if it just means taking up this ENTIRE BLOG FOR MYSELF!
if you've graduated beyond the rank and file of your typical web monkey into the upper echelon of a cyber psycho, then you can start looking up the corresponding name of a phone number ( urlLink http://www.
make no bones about it, there is depth and substance to hot dog mafia.
if you don't like it, don't read it.
What these things do to me and how these experiences educate me, if they do at all, might be solely entertaining, but then again, they might ultimately show that blogs serve no one but oneself.
One even told me to yank her hair to demonstrate a typical move of mine and then proceeded to lecture me about the long memory of women who have been verbally abused.... TO BE CONTINUED.
in an age of virtual voyeurism, spyware and google-stalking, the dawn of the internet stalker has come to pass.
what i'm saying is, the focus of our bullshit won't be boring details of what i had for breakfast, how i slept last night, or how it burns when i pee.
After good talks with Chuck and Tom, it's clear - as soon as each of us are of purpose, crossing the chasm of laziness and self-pity, each will travel a road inevitably leading us out of this "city."
The Vapir™ line of vaporizers and vaporization products from Air-2 changes all that, releasing an herb's essential material without many of the toxic elements created by smoking.
While at Goldie's, Blue became Lance (aka Live Strong) because it was revealed that he had a triple layer of desensitizing latex fused to his manhood much like wolverine's adamantium graft (gives him invulnerability).&nbsp; I was thinking about how sometimes I don't perform to the best of my ability because I just stopped caring.&nbsp; I was thinking about pokerface-fucking and typewriter-fucking (if you don't know what that means, then too damn bad) and I was ready to add another one to the list to describe my current state of affairs: time-trial-fucking.&nbsp; Yes, much like Lance's determination to finish the time trial in the Alps ASAP, I found myself doing the same.&nbsp; It's a sad state to be in.&nbsp;&nbsp;The more often&nbsp;you get there, the more your designated hitter just doesn't want to get up to bat because if you have to leg out an inside-the-park homer, then that shit just ain't worth it.&nbsp; Yes yes, you might score and it might even show up on the ESPN highlights because&nbsp;it's a rarity.&nbsp; But you don't want to be known as a dinker, you want to knock the fucking cover off the ball, admire it, fist pump, dance around the bases a bit, do a little stutter step before hopping on home plate, and then double-handedly point to the sky and mutter some sweet nothings.&nbsp; Yeah, I was the man.&nbsp; And that's the way to go...... of course more often than not I find myself echoing the sentiments of the dude in Office Space, "Now, if I work my ass off and Initech ships a few extra units, I don't see another dime.
com/cda/printable/1,1856,175193,00.html ).
when you get up in the morning, tell yourself that you're a good person, that you're absolutely good enough, that you like yourslef (even if others don't), and that today is going to be a great day (b/c you are going to make it a great day).
------------------------------------------------------------------    i won't comment extensively on the activities at the gold club...    1) a couple of the strippers really pissed me off.
I remember recounting a full day of basketball, tri-tip, DVDs and beer to Theresa when we first started dating.
But last night - man last night was fun.
Anyway, I want to condense the senses somewhat.
i guess this could work wonders if a certain girl gives you her home number / email and you doubt its veracity.
But momentarily, I didn't do what my body gave me a jolting warning sign to do.
engage and contribute to figuring out what is good or bad, right or wrong, tasteful or distasteful, meaningful or meaningless, relevant or irrelevant, smart and clever or stupid and idiotic, funny or bland, interesting or boring...you get the idea.
I made a sound between a harrumph and a laugh and retorted, "You've never hung out with your friends all day long?"
I hope to give snippets of what my mind is doing from day to day, either through snapshots of what I’ve read or perhaps something I’ve dug around to read.
Dear reader,  West Millbrae won't be an arbitrary Sunday bbq forever.
they will take comfort and be consoled by hot dog mafia.
aggresssive bitches who weren't sexy or hot.
-----------------------------------    no, hot dog mafia is not a group of fat italian jews on a corner waiting for their pet pigs to finish their business.
Not with a spit and scournful look over the shoulder, but with a tunnel-vision yet clear aim walking our legs.
.... can I get some WTF-you-talking-abouts?&nbsp; in any case, regarding sugar's #2,&nbsp;although I wasn't thrilled by the quality and&nbsp;was not truly able to immerse myself in that pretend-they're-not-only-interested-because-we're-paying-them-money&nbsp;set-up, i am very grateful for the efforts of blue and sugar and also it's something we've never really done together.&nbsp; so even if the girls were annoying and aggressive (not to mention not too hot), we shared some laughs, some drinks, and some good times.&nbsp; amen to that.
Preface: On some lonely nights, I throw this one stack of sticky notes (that I never use because it's too high to write anything on it legibly) on my pillow.
That's been plain to see.
But the great thing about us "Mills Boys" is that we won't forget.
so jon got one, i can't say that he was terribly thrilled about it, but at least its over with.
Pausing, I reacted with 1. surprise: Days like that are natural, every-weekend occurences for us; AND 2. pride: Yes, what are typical Sundays for us are rare to others and yes, we had ten full hours of absolute fun.
therefore, i would like to share with you the wealth of information at your disposal.
So where's the motivation?"
Ryan, Phil, BLeong, soon Jethro.
Not if it's whimpering, not if I have a ten-minute window before I can get ready for work, not if it sheds a tear of semen.
after arriving, i had whispers of regret for not looking pimp, but i decided to focus on the food instead.
It was the hand holding, the lap sitting, the whispers and soft kisses on the ear.
this is was the response to my inquiry of a dress code @ Tartare.
air-2.com/  Since the dawn of time, humans have burned plants, inhaling unhealthy compounds from the burning that aren't found in the original plant.
we welcome it with open arms because we are curious and inquisitive creatures by nature.
Self-gratification is great.
So he invited me as a "team member," so what.
Thus, we are both the envied and the oddities.
this does not exist to show the world that we too can join the masses and become certified assholes by thinking that other people give a shit about details of our insignificant lives.
ok, so i gotta give a shout out to my boys... "the mills boys".
then again, I am not really a person who strikes up too much curiosity.
As if two small fingers held my ball like a vise, the right nut squeezed in on its own and collapsed.
com/pornnewcomer/090704/index.
Dreaming itself is tiresome.
besides, remember my point in point #1.
we know bout having good times, relaxing', good food, good drink.
At 9:06am, I had cream corn soup for breakfast.&nbsp; Then at 12:02pm, I had cream corn soup for lunch.&nbsp; Then at 6:04pm, I had......&nbsp; just kidding you standards-upholding-bastards.&nbsp; Granted my much public, self-aggrandizing efforts on my eponymous website, I won't Harvey-Pekar (nor do I really have his talent)&nbsp;this shit to death.&nbsp; Nevertheless, I am more of a volume shooter (like iverson) and perhaps one or two of my ramblings might be interesting.&nbsp;   So while watching&nbsp;Trainspotting,&nbsp;Gerky and I were discussing that watching movies must definitely be a form of escapism and also that, in our memories, we were led to believe that Trainspotting was allegedly a decent movie.&nbsp; So two things come to mind.&nbsp; One, does a person's favorite movies denote what type of person, he/she is?&nbsp; And lastly, if watching movies is&nbsp;escapism and you watch at least two movies (4+ hours) a day, are you a goner?&nbsp; Whatever the case, Netflix is feeding a whole generation of reality runaways.&nbsp; With that said..... Hi my name is Jon and I have 110 movies in my Netflix queue........
No visible tar, little or no carbon monoxide.
The first thing out of her mouth was, "Wow, you spent the entire day with them?"
other interesting finds:  urlLink http://www.
