But I made it through to my 7th repetition without feeling like my lungs were inside out.
I'm amazed that, even being so lazy as to go out only once a week for the past couple of weeks, I've managed to improve each week.
Tonight I did the 2 minutes running, 2 minutes walking deal (repeated 4 times), which is the recommended first run for 10 training according to the schedule I've decided to use.
It's not particularly hard work for me, even on the hardest gears, and it's an excellent opportunity to make my left leg work harder (because I would estimate that my left leg is only about 80% as strong as my right leg now).
I've been eating over the past couple of days.
I probably could have done 8 repetitions, if the truth be told, but I'm sure I'll regret saying that on Wednesday.
Then I had to run past my house to finish out the time.
Fitting in half an hour of running, while technically feasible, is not always an incredibly attractive option.
The main problem that makes me have to stop is my chest/lungs aching.
Oh well, at least there were pink wafers in the tea room.
Do I just look like I'm going for a leisurely stroll?
So the pressing question was whether I should increase my total running time or decrease my walking time.
I have this paranoid fantasy that all people who see me running are runners themselves, and they're critiquing me.
Because it was so easy, I'm not sure whether to increase the overall time out or decrease the in-between walking times.
After the ACL surgery I lost most of my muscle tone, which meant that my kneecap wasn't tracking properly, which led to some clicking and aching when walking, especially when walking down steps.
Anyway, so when I went out, I said to myself, "Self, why not just run until you really feel like you have to stop, instead of adhering rigidly to this schedule?"
("You can say that again, ha ha!")
I hope he falls out of a tree and breaks his ankle in three places.
I've always been this way and thought it was normal, but  urlLink this page says it's not .
I did the same run as before, and by the end of the second repetition I looked over at my house (which faces the park) and seriously considered running home right then, jumping the fence, and going in the back door.
While today didn't exactly feel what I would call "good," it didn't feel bad either.
I wrote it off to the absurdity that is present in everyday society, but today, as I ran towards an elderly man who was carrying his dog, he asked me, "Are you jogging?"
Tonight I decided to decrease the walking time between the periods of running.
I think that running is akin to childbirth in some respects (not that I've ever given birth): while you're doing it, it's painful and terrible and you can't imagine ever doing it again, not in a million years, and you curse the bastard that got you into it in the first place (in running's case, yourself).
I went on holiday to the US, where it would be almost rude to exercise.
The 6th repetition was a real struggle.
Actually, after my third repetition I felt like a million bucks; after my fourth, I flagged a bit.
There are plenty of nights where I get 5 hours of sleep because I'm busy doing things I must do (and there's precious little reading or watching TV going on), then the next day I'm shattered because I only got 5 hours of sleep.
I feel that I am ready to move onto the proper 10k training schedule.
I've been running (if you can call it that) for a few weeks with no bad reaction from my knee at all, so I thought tonight I would give cycling a go.
I tried to eat a toasted bacon and guacamole sandwich for lunch, but someone really needs to tell the ladies in the canteen that guacamole should only be served ice cold.
I didn't mention it in my last post, but last week someone actually  stopped me to ask for directions  while I was running--while there were  other people  around.
I spent a long weekend in Edinburgh, doing more walking around than usual, but not doing any running.
Even though I'm not a fast runner by any means, I prefer to run at speed rather than to jog.
Cycling, however, is a happy medium.
I haven't had much food today, which might have contributed to my near crash early in the run.
I don't think he appreciated it when I called him a "little prick."
I now have comments, so if you feel the need to tell me what a heartless, child-hating bitch I am, please feel free.
Anyway, I'm sure I'll laugh at myself on Saturday when I go out and do the same run again and I find it laughably easy.
Run Along Now has moved  urlLink over here !
Whoever reads this (if there is anyone) might think I'm not taking this running thing very seriously.
But then it's over, and you have a shower, and you sit down to blog about it, and it feels great.
Now, I wasn't really all that tired after 6 minutes (compared to the last 6 minutes I did, anyway).
On closer inspection my chain wasn't too bad (though I probably should replace it), so I braved it.
But the middle two were fine; I was on top of the world.
I came in the house having not even broken a sweat.
After the first 2 repetitions, I felt like I was going.
I'm back now, and as soon as I'm over my jetlag I'll be back in the saddle/running shoes.
But in the end it was the thought of coming here and writing down the fact that I had wussed out that made me do the 6th repetition.
So I had to walk for 2 minutes until my lungs stopped aching, then I did 4 minutes running again, then 2 minutes walking, then the final 6 minutes running.
Tonight I went out thinking, "Do I really have to bother with the run-walk nonsense?
Because I haven't cycled in a while and I was worried that either my knee or my chain would break, I didn't go too far afield, and only did half an hour.
Later, something funny happened on my 4th repetition: I started running, and suddenly the 3 minutes was over, just like that.
It's not my legs that complain, and I don't get cramps in my sides or anything.
It was reasonably hard work, but it wasn't anything scary, and my knee felt fine.
Now I have the reward of a hot bath.
I also find the people on the sidewalks upsetting.
Today I ran for 7 minutes, walked for 2, ran for 4, walked for 2, and ran for 7.
It's almost normal, which is something I don't take for granted.
I think that makes more sense than trying to reckon up the fraction each time.
Running was ok, but cycling actually caused my knee to react so badly that I couldn't run anymore.
I can assure you that it was not laughably easy.
In case you're curious, a combination of factors including illness, DIY-mania, and heavy rain contributed to my sloth.
Do I look like I'm, for example, fishing?
: I used the word "trying" as a verb, and then pretended that someone else implied that it was used as an adjective.
My initial plan was to start on a basic 10k training schedule,  urlLink as described here .
Today I definitely felt like a jogger rather than a runner--I think it has to do with the massive amount of crap (chocolate syrup, ice cream, crisps, pizza, etc.)
Since the schedule I'm following says to increase running time, I decided to do that.
However, tonight--my first night out--was still a little bit of a tester, so I ran for 1 minute, walked for 1 minute, and repeated that 6 times.
I haven't just dropped off the face of the earth.
Ahh, that's the other thing.
I am, believe me, but you have to understand that the past few weeks and the next few weeks are full up.
And by the time I thought of all the logistics, my repetition was over.
When I'm feeling slow and down, I find that forcing myself into a sprint helps me get past it.
In the meantime, however, my knee felt fantastic.
You weren't still trying to make it work for this one, were you?
It's a community, so feel free to join if you are also feeling fit.
But I have been afraid to cycle recently for two reasons:  1) Last October, running + cycling really made my knee hurt.
I like these new Blogger templates; they're pretty.
I considered only doing 5 repetitions, but when I finished the 5th, I was further away from my house than I expected, so I slogged on to a 6th.
Then, as I was running along on the sidewalk next to the park, a snivelling brat kicked his football at me, hard.
There seem to be definite advantages and disadvantages to both.
I didn't start thinking I was going.
(Ahh, do you see what I did there?
I thought I must have shortchanged myself or read my watch wrong, but no: it just went like a hot knife through butter.
We shall see how my knee reacts, but I'll probably be cycling more if it's ok.
My analogy ended in the first paragraph.
Could the direction-asker and the elderly man really not tell?
Psychologically, I found that upsetting.
Then I remembered that my back door was locked (safety first, kids!)
I even had all sorts of excuses figured out: I was running at midday in the sun; I was running in the park on uneven ground, I was feeling vaguely hung-over.
It wasn't as hard as last time, but it still felt pretty painful.
I think I might be a little bit too slow for him.
Hot guacamole is nastified.
Anyway, I didn't do myself any favors by not running for nearly a week.
That's what 7 (2) 4 (2) 7 means in the subject line.
and that in order to get home I'd have to go back the way I came, round the corner, and down the road again.
I have to admit that it was far too easy.
I'm not sure if this was a struggle because I didn't run for over a week, or if it was because it was genuinely more difficult than my last run.
The knowledge of a hot bath was the only thing that kept me going.
