Dark on the other hand being the absence of light has no such dualism, so perhaps light does travel faster than dark.
I still have a lot to learn, to accomplish.
Like riding on bikes, rollerblading, watching cartoons.
Ok, that's it for now, no more rambling, SOCOM is calling my name.
I dream about: I can't remember my dreams anymore, when I do, I only remember them for a short span of time.
Then got cleaned up ate dinner at some filipino place.
Then I headed over to apt.
Soccer practice, when we just talked about nothing.
Went to Barleycorn because Blu had $10 cover, bogus.
The physical part was getting there.
Went over to Jay's and passed out on their arm chair, in a fetal position.
It's not a question, but a lesson learned in time.
I miss 8th grade when friends would just get together and talk about nothing.
Watched the tall cuz get drunk as well as the frosh, ading included, she puked for kuya she said, yeahhhhhh.
'Twan and Liss fell asleep even before the credits finished, and John soon after that.
Some things are there, right in front of you and if you don't take the chance, it'll disappear.
So I sat on the beach and listened to my cd player and just contemplated life and enjoyed the scenery.
Sit back and relax, this will probably take a while.
It took me forever to finish it but finally did.
Sat on the Internet all day waiting for someone special to I. M. you?
Movie you rented: I have fines at hollywood video and Blockbuster, so I haven't stepped foot in there in a while.
Watched Lilo & Stitch, The transporter, Shanghai Knights, and How to Lose a Guy in 10 days.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;So it's been eons since I've blogged.
No one's told me anything, but hey if you know, please do tell 5.
Had some pot stickers, mmmm pot stickers.
So friday, Romel, Fatima, Joel, and myself went out to the city.
Bumming around the house, watching TV, sleeping, eating, yeah fun times.
Oh and then there was this dude, you could so tell he was a guy cuz it was like 6 foot tall, with blonde hair, oh and you guys think I have thin thighs, dude's thighs were like the size of my arms, now that shit's skinny!
Then Friday was a party at 30 and that was another drunken night.
In any case, I have a piece of paper that costs about $30,000.
The chilled with Arlenda and Juvs for a while.
Also the Silicone and Saline was flowing uncontrolably.
I probably forgot something in there so if I did and you're still curious just ask.
However, a new twist, we all learned in physics, think back to high school you non-science people, remember that light has a duality charateristic that is it is both a wavelength and energy.
Number of times I have had my heart broken?
To contribute to society, to the world.
Dark comes when there is no light, or the light leaves and moves to another place.
Got home chilled with 'Twan for a bit then napped.
Song you listened to: Thalia ft.
Outside the plane the clouds were everywhere and cause mad turbulance.
Ribbed each other about who was going to homecoming or what not.
I was woken up by the sound of hair dryers.
For three reasons: a)It's cheaper not to smoke b)It's good for my health.
We walk in and were like, WHOA!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It wasn't that I didn't want to go away to the military, it's just that the situation was not the most conducive to my growth and career in the military.
I'm a robot and dead inside so I'd have to say physical pain.
Said hi to some of the models then headed to Steak and Shake with the Fam.
Thursday:  Interviewed in the the morning, got stuck in mad traffic on the way there, smoked way too much, but I was still on time, c'mon I'm the on time one.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;It's been a while since I blogged here eh?
Yes 2, on a Saturday/Sunday nonetheless.
But yeah, overall fun night.
They were overall annoying, and they were trying to annoy my cousin and I.
Ever been in a fight or arrested?
After that went back and got ready for Boltini's and Legend's.
It's something new to me and I'm going to be trusting my life, my career, in other people's hands.
They just look at me now in disapproval.
Going out on the weekends and what not.
After that, headed to Merry Anne's, Ian and I finished our stacks in a minute and three minutes respectively, apparently according to Abby we don't chew.
Haven't eaten there since I was a 'lil F. O.B.
Oh and in hollywood, there is a lot of good looking people, by people you know I mean girls.
Went down to Hollywood and Rodeo drive.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Am I scared?
And yes, I fucked up my car, 500 dollars worth, blew a gasket in my transmission.
I've always wanted to joing the F. B.I.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I still haven't answered your question though you say.
So then it started, First I bought a pitcher, then Ian, then Abby, and damn it didn't stop 'til close!
Apparently my ass was also violated, thanks Joe.
Saturday:  Woke up and ate at the Zata's residence.
Number of people I would classify as true, could trust with my life type friends?
Then headed to Murphy's, Abby's bad cuz she makes Ian and I eat meat on Friday's during Lent.
I hope you had the time of your life.
After Buca went to a college bar near St. Louis University.
It's finally getting warm, thankfully.
And who's the chick that has a crush on me?
Who was the last person:  1.
But It's good to be home.
I dunno, cuz you know when the Alchi's flowing shit haha 5. b.
I've got a few good leads that I'm waiting on.
We'll visit you I'm sure.
Then Schmidty and I watched American Pie 2, first time I saw it.
Everyone knows what happened by now, scary stuff isn't it?
Greetings  So it's been a month since I've done this ish.
Another reason is because of my long term plan that I have kept secret.
Perhaps even more than the 8 year old and the 14 year old who were with us.
After the first year I hope to go to Officer Candidate School to become an officer and have leadership responsibilities as well as higher pay.
Number of people from high school that I stayed in contact with: This summer, none 10.
My skinny ass needs to work out.
(Street pharmacist, pimp, male hooker, selling my organs, minus the liver and lungs of course)  New CDs:  Simple Plan - No Pads, No Helmets...Just Balls 	  50 Cent - Get Rich or Die Trying 	  Elton John - Greatest Hits 1970 - 2002 	  Brian Adams - The Best of Me 	  Good Charlotte - The Young and the Hopeless 	  John Mayer - Any Given Thursday  New Clothes:  4 Shirts, yes they're preppy, would you expect anything else?
Landed and got dropped off at home, went to McDonald's cuz I was feeling McGriddles again haha!
Oh but it didn't end there, cuz decides to start a tab and we proceed to do 2 jaeger bombs, good shit by the way, new shot of the moment.
Sharon's car was luckier, we can only imagine what they went through, 540 degrees around and into a ditch.
Nothing's as easy ast they think it is.
Not much else to say really, kinda tired, pretty bored.
Then we headed to Zata's place.
Sunday woke up, hung over again, YEAH ROCKSTAR!
The same shit I always wear, you know  8.
It gives us a new found lease on life.
And that's what I aim to do.
But suffice to say I was not a citizen yet so I was not able to go through with it.
L. A. was nice esp by the beach or in Beverly Hills, but nothing beats the Windy City 4.
