8:20 And the LORD hath performed his word that he spake, and I am risen up in the room of David my father, and sit on the throne of Israel, as the LORD promised, and have built an house for the name of the LORD God of Israel.
24:4 And the men of David said unto him, Behold the day of which the LORD said unto thee, Behold, I will deliver thine enemy into thine hand, that thou mayest do to him as it shall seem good unto thee.
2:2 And straightway many were gathered together, insomuch that there was no room to receive them, no, not so much as about the door: and he preached the word unto them.
63:18 The people of thy holiness have possessed it but a little while: our adversaries have trodden down thy sanctuary.
24:54 And they did eat and drink, he and the men that were with him, and tarried all night; and they rose up in the morning, and he said, Send me away unto my master.
2:10 And Ram begat Amminadab; and Amminadab begat Nahshon, prince of the children of Judah; 2:11 And Nahshon begat Salma, and Salma begat Boaz, 2:12 And Boaz begat Obed, and Obed begat Jesse, 2:13 And Jesse begat his firstborn Eliab, and Abinadab the second, and Shimma the third, 2:14 Nethaneel the fourth, Raddai the fifth, 2:15 Ozem the sixth, David the seventh: 2:16 Whose sisters were Zeruiah, and Abigail.
And he went out, and wept bitterly.
13:5 Examine yourselves, whether ye be in the faith; prove your own selves.
28:16 Therefore thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will cast thee from off the face of the earth: this year thou shalt die, because thou hast taught rebellion against the LORD.
23:24 And Pilate gave sentence that it should be as they required.
4:19 But I will come to you shortly, if the Lord will, and will know, not the speech of them which are puffed up, but the power.
6:23 Peace be to the brethren, and love with faith, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
14:34 After the number of the days in which ye searched the land, even forty days, each day for a year, shall ye bear your iniquities, even forty years, and ye shall know my breach of promise.
33:23 If there be a messenger with him, an interpreter, one among a thousand, to shew unto man his uprightness: 33:24 Then he is gracious unto him, and saith, Deliver him from going down to the pit: I have found a ransom.
2:22 And they went, and came unto the mountain, and abode there three days, until the pursuers were returned: and the pursuers sought them throughout all the way, but found them not.
41:22 And I saw in my dream, and, behold, seven ears came up in one stalk, full and good: 41:23 And, behold, seven ears, withered, thin, and blasted with the east wind, sprung up after them: 41:24 And the thin ears devoured the seven good ears: and I told this unto the magicians; but there was none that could declare it to me.
16:2 Twenty years old was Ahaz when he began to reign, and reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem, and did not that which was right in the sight of the LORD his God, like David his father.
And Gehazi said, My lord, O king, this is the woman, and this is her son, whom Elisha restored to life.
8:5 Then Philip went down to the city of Samaria, and preached Christ unto them.
19:12 And his master said unto him, We will not turn aside hither into the city of a stranger, that is not of the children of Israel; we will pass over to Gibeah.
