She is a relation of the Colonel's, my dear; a very near relation.
He seemed by this connexion between the families, quite to belong to her.
"A letter from Uppercross Cottage, Sir."
An admiral speaks his own consequence, and, at the same time, can never make a baronet look small.
One morning, about this time Charles Musgrove and Captain Wentworth being gone a-shooting together, as the sisters in the Cottage were sitting quietly at work, they were visited at the window by the sisters from the Mansion-house.
Short of that, it is all guess and luck-- and will generally be ill-luck.
She had suffered very much from cramp after dancing, and her first attempt to mount the bank brought on such a return of it as made her absolutely powerless-- and in this state, and exceedingly terrified, she had been obliged to remain.
Is your loss such as leaves no opening for consolation?
convinced her that he had nothing more to say or surmise about Hartfield.
There was a momentary expression in Captain Wentworth's face at this speech, a certain glance of his bright eye, and curl of his handsome mouth, which convinced Anne, that instead of sharing in Mrs Musgrove's kind wishes, as to her son, he had probably been at some pains to get rid of him; but it was too transient an indulgence of self-amusement to be detected by any who understood him less than herself; in another moment he was perfectly collected and serious, and almost instantly afterwards coming up to the sofa, on which she and Mrs Musgrove were sitting, took a place by the latter, and entered into conversation with her, in a low voice, about her son, doing it with so much sympathy and natural grace, as shewed the kindest consideration for all that was real and unabsurd in the parent's feelings.
-- He met her at the parlour-door, and hardly asking her how she did, in the natural key of his voice, sunk it immediately, to say, unheard by her father, "Can you come to Randalls at any time this morning?--Do, if it be possible.
It is like a woman's writing."
In general, his voice and manner were studiously calm.
He was very warmly thanked both by mother and daughter; to escape a little from the latter, he went to the pianoforte, and begged Miss Fairfax, who was still sitting at it, to play something more.
What can be the meaning of it?
Sure somebody else might be found that would do as well; somebody that is in orders already."
The careless expression was life to Anne, who saw that Captain Wentworth was all attention, looking and listening with his whole soul; and that the last words brought his enquiring eyes from Charles to herself.
"Pity me, dear Miss Dashwood!"
She hates whist I know; but is there no round game she cares for?"
"We will not allow her to do such a thing again:"-- and nodding significantly--"there must be some arrangement made, there must indeed.
