It was born in a war for independence, forged in a war to remain whole, tempered in to a super power by the a war against one of the greatest evils this world had ever know.
Any semblance of their humanity is now gone, there bodies replaced completely by machines, their minds removed from the bodies and stored in massive dataspires holding millions of consciousnesses.
Its population scattered and broken into fractions by the powers that be allowing petty despots and tyrants to shape their political landscape.
For years their armies  sat at stations around the world waiting for next big war, a chance to be tested once more, waiting for the day the world needed their might once more, and then that day came.
The Americans navigated battlefields and ruined cityscapes like a fish through a reef.
It was they who built the first plane, split the first atom, sent the first rocket to the moon, and in the aftermath of their second civil war they, to ensure it their population would be forever unified, they blurred the line between man and machine, erasing their divisive humanity and integrated themselves with the circuit, becoming one mine, one voice, one people.
It's troops withdrew behind the massive walls it had erected around it's borders, and it's massive distributed consciousness dedicated itself to one goal, preventing the next war and ensuring human survival.
We are but a few thousand remaining before their untold might and when we refuse their final offer they will not hesitate to exterminate us.
America had always been a nation of division.
When the calamity struck and the tyrants sought to claim the world for their own, these new Americans struck back with percision and force never before possible.
As the nation's that remained sought a means to recover a decision was reached, isolation.
By the time the war was over many placed had been bombed into permanent inhabitability.
Some agreed to be assimilated, others resisted, but were "convinced".The rest of us attempted to fight back but we were like ants before the magnifying glass, even with the hardware left over from the war nothing we can throw at them slows them down for long.
Entire nation's were atomized in minutes, whole populations were purged by transhuman super soldiers that would not die not matter what they were subjected to.
America had always been a nation of technology.
Soon they will be here and their broadcasts will play, calling all those still willing to join them to their processing centers.
Each nation would take fifty years to rebuild itself before rejoining the world stage.
America was always a nation of war.
So be it, I don't know if there is a hear after but if your watching me father, I will see you soon.
Looking back I think they knew we were lying to them, but they agreed anyway and used the time to prepare.
