I could have sworn the little buggers stopped and looked up at me in response before shimmying their way into the relative safety of their webs and hiding holes.
So, I did the only thing I could.
Family Always Protect Family
"That's when my father opened my book and, with a look of glee on his face, violently and systematically tore out every last page.
He would scuttle back and forth between the same words seven words over and over again, tapping his little front legs on the ones he wanted me to see.
I opened it to the page he was trying to reach, and he began to do the most amazing thing.
"So let me do you a favour and help get rid of that pesky ambition for ya!
"What's the matter you little shit?Spent so much time with your head in them books that you've forgotten how to speak?Lydia!Come see!We've made one so stupid that he can't even speak anymore!
It was the night of my sixteenth birthday when I found my true home.
I wasn't invisible, I was simply not worth noticing, which at least served to spare me from my parents sporadic bouts of rage in my younger years.
How dare I want a better life than the particularly shitty hand I'd been dealt!It was one day when I was reading Jude the Obscure at goodwill, when I saw it happen.
But, once I was old enough to go to school, learn to read, and be able to pick up old, discarded novels from goodwill, I gained a new power.
"You think these are gonna help you where you're gonna end up, huh?
"Because they're not!You're going to end up amounting to nothing, working for nothing pay in this nothing city and having kids who amount to nothing just!like!you!
I did my best to continue ignoring them; but my silence seemed to motivate them, to try and get a reaction out of me, more than anything.
I came to stop suddenly on something soft, too soft to be the stairs or floor, lying face up as I saw my father coming down the stairs, the bloodied and broken half of the bottle still in his hand.
But I was already talking to them, so I guess it didn't seem that unusual at the time.
Their obnoxious hyena laughter pulled me out of the book I was reading for just long enough to peer through the crack in my bedroom door and make eye contact with my boorish, drunken father.
I took the book from them, my seven legged friend seemingly trying to wiggle his way in between the pages.
"Well look, if it isn't Einstein, still up reading his precious books at all hours of the night!
