Jack wondered to himself, the eerie certainty he had been gripped with earlier fading now that the deed had been completed.
Bye have a nice day said the portly middle-aged woman behind the desk.
Before his eyes the glittering outline slowly dissapeared.
Jesus, get a grip, Jack he mumbled to himself, raising his hand to wipe the rapidly cooling sweat off his forehead.
He had already signed the forms and paid the fee.
Just a shiny, vaguely man-shaped, spectral imprint.
To his surprise, despite the crumpled hood and steaming radiator, there was nothing in the road, nothing under the car.
He cautiously walked around the front of his SUV, struggling desperately to organize his thoughts into some semblance of normal functioning.
Before Jack could react the booming voice inside his head returned:   WELCOME JACK 167,233,432 THERE ARE CURRENTLY 6  ACTIVE JACKS WITHIN YOUR ZONE.
Jack peered around the hood of his car, steeling himself to see the mangled body of a deer, or worse.
Her voice exuded warmth but she was not looking up from the papers spread out before her.
What was the harm?Even if the idea of some supernatural colosseum of Jacks, once frighteningly real, was beginning  to seem crazier and crazier, he liked his new name.
It was too late now, he resolved, the deed was done.
He knew exactly what he had to do.
Intrusive thoughts about pipe bores, water flow, and manual valves, subjects he could swear he knew nothing about, kept jostling to the forefront of his brain.
Still hearing the last fading notes of the bizarre message reverberating inside his skull, Jack stepped out of his car and into the cool morning air.
Jack tightened his fists and turned to his car, steeling himself with resolve.
WOULD YOU LIKE TO KNOW THEIR LOCATION?Jack felt the confusion he had been feeling since the bump fade away.
Thanks he replied, turning to leave as he collected his papers, flashing a smile that felt too tight around the lips.
He knew the bump hed heard before.. before... whatever that was... wasnt just a pothole.
