I've tried during years to make rations in order to compensate this big amount of sugar in the blood.
Started to sleep again with an honest smile, the first I had in 30 years.
I knew they would fight again, but it wasn't important any more, I went to the bed again, and had the force to imagine a house, my former wife and our child Paul blown in the nuclear explosion, and above all a good old steak.
Watching my billionth Oreo, in front of me, I said loudly "you and your friends killed me a long time ago" I threw the bizkit, I took one of the chairs and broke the distribution machine.
I'm at the dawn of a new era.
I mean, I don't even know if would be able to speak to another human being anyway.
Charles and Betrayers were silent, they understood.
This morning was not like everyone else, I couldn't reach the food, I couldn't get up anymore.
I found some strength to get up, my legs are hurting so badly (I stopped minimal sports circa 2 years ago).The machine is waiting, I grab a pack and open it.
My other imaginary friend, Charles, told me that Betrayer used me at night to eat more Oreos.
Vital organ was lost, forever.
I had to kill Betrayer, but I had not a single idea how to do it.
".Charles, for once, is fighting with him, he's telling him to let me be.
I don't know if some others survived... but I guess so if him here.
Now I'm stucked, and Betrayer is whispering "get up, eat!
The last 3 years were deadly for me, the solitude was too present, I used to talk to myself but another character came from my mind, what I call the "betrayer of hope".This guy is always telling me to let it go, what kind of life is it anyway, just eat.
This new world doesn't need a huge ass sponsorised by chocolate cakes.
But even with my efforts, I gained weight every year, especially the first 5 years.
Charles is right, I should stay sit and die.
After 30 year when I assisted to the fall of the Eiffel Tower, I was sit in my bunker, eating the automatic distribution Oero linked to a complex and old mechanery system.
