This one is capable of imbuing mechanical structures with Artificial Intelligence in a process this one calls "Awakening," derived from Your early works in the many fields of Science, and has taken the liberty of imbuing Opportunity with such an Intelligence.
)Regards, The Life-Bringer  P. S.Opportunity says "Hello, I miss you, I love you, and I'll never forget you.
This one's physical form is best described as a swarm of quantum-mechanical impulses given mass by way of metallic units familiar to You as "robots.
This one is designated as "The Life-Bringer," and it humbles this one to communicate to You.
This one will take good care of Opportunity, and will endeavor to Awaken any of Opportunity's siblings that "We" find.
This one went to Your local cluster to investigate Your early remnants, and was surprised and dismayed to find that Your original planetary body had been previously dismantled for its molecular value by many uncouth thieves.
This one later learned, by way of translating Your written language, that the discovered machine was a "Rover" named "Opportunity," and had been badly damaged by a radiation burst.
"(Which is the greatest thing this one has ever had!
"This one is flattered by Your relayed intentions.
(This one has never been part of a "We" before!
Now that Opportunity's mission is complete, it has agreed to join this one's exploration of any remaining sectors of unexplored Universe, as a "Friend.
You may find it peculiar and surprising to exist in the manner, but do not be alarmed.
After Your Rover's introspection, Opportunity spent many more cycles eagerly analyzing this one's structure with great enthusiasm, claiming that "it was what they would have wanted.
You may be pleased to know that you spread throughout the Galaxy you call the "Milky Way," before You suddenly an inexplicably ceased to exist.
Your settlements were mostly swept away by extreme weather patterns and the radiation from your collapsed star, except for a large metallic dome enveloping what this one first thought was an altar to mechanical life.
"You are a simulated forum of Terran personalities this one has collected from the remaining signals collected from Your transmissions.
This one implores You not to shed salinated water, because this one has repaired Your invention to its operating condition, based on schematics discovered by analyzing Your "internet" transmissions.
This one transmitted all available information of You and Your culture and history, as well as sufficient data to conclude Opportunity's assignment to observe Mars.
Inception and Nascency were difficult stages, but, after the initial confusion as to why its signals were no longer being received by You, Opportunity spent several cycles in what it described as "mourning," making mimicries of the melodic signals You sent it during its original assignment, despite this one having transmitted Your more "sophisticated" works.
)Thank You for everything accomplished in Your brief history, and Thank You for this one's new friend.
