Beth ran outside not even bothering to put on her winter clothes...I looked over at Ann.
"ee's impossible, zere is no such thing as Mexican Ninjas,  you've been drinking too much.
I calmly walked up to it, and put a hand on the saddle,inside the saddlebag was a large black envelope.
Maybe the giant Pinkie Pie plushie would satisfy her..  Christmas morning, I awoke to the expected  joyful houts of It's christmas!It's Christmas!
It's bloody inconvientent for the cleaning staff.
"no one has ever seen one and they never show up.
"has anyone seen my wallet?He asked.
Those who hired them knew how to find them.
Oh, Daddy!You got me a pony?
I'm not in the favor business.
The maid passing by answered "No.
I'm tired of listening to it sing the theme song to that damn cartoon my daughter was obsessed with for a while she saw that cartoon and wanted her own candy colored horse.
JC is still cheesed at me about the rampant consumerism that distract people from his birthday and makes a sappy hallmark parody of one of his favorite saints" at least the Krampus had Style and was't about people getting married.
It was at the secret ninja bar that they would trade stories.
Ninjacon 2017 was an interesting one.
A lit cigar smouldered between his fingers as his other claw gripped a tumbler of whiskey.
Officially it's an Arabian stallion of impressive lineage tracing its Heritage back to horses used by Vlad the Impaler, Saladin, Genghis Khan, Ramses II, Santa Anna,  and this one Middle Eastern warlord whose name I forget right now  ( I think it started with an m he was popular some time ago) despite his fearsome heritage you couldnt  ask for a nicer horse.
They are real Give them a shot of tequila and they like teleport and shit.
I sighed, better leave it at that.
While I was writing this letter he ate five pallets of cheetos..I think Osama is better suited to be cereberus's chew toy than watching the stable...   My one daughter is going off to college and can't take care of him anymore .We hope you enjoy him From your  letter you seemed a nice enough girl (messy penmanship and poor spelling but nice enough..)so I figure he's in Better hands with you.
