I remeber my green line hinted at a book "Steppenwolf" by Herman Hesse, and I think i understood that the green line was my human side, and this red line was my inner wolf.
It took me everywhere, youtube links, apps, websites, stores.
I kept following the red line for a while, it took me on amazing adventures across the world, it incited me to leave my job, sell my house and car and travel with nothing but what was on me.
There it was waiting for me "Influence: The psychology of persuasion"... My first thought was, "oh well what the actual fuck, some lines appear, Im thinking magic and here i am, it led me to a... a book?
"I figured out whatever so i picked the thing and took it to my dad.
It was the part of me that desired to crumble to my more instinctual self....The lines came closer together.
"What you got there buddy?
I had never really followed it because the green line always kept me so busy, but today I was too curious, I had done everything the green line hinted me too, this had landed me a decent job, i got a nice car, a house even...but where could the red line take me to?I followed it for the first time... the red line took me to a bench on a hill, and i sat there as it hummed as if it were pleased, the red color finally picked up a much brighter aspect, It had taken me to see the sunset, to be surrounded by nature, and this was the moment i realized the conflict between these lines became clear.
I followed the green line to see where it lead me to, I rapidly chased it from the Toy Section into the book section of the store.
I woke up one day in the middle of the night, the dark red line was humming, it always had this atmosphere to it.
English isnt my first language.
I swam on the red sea, I ate olives in athens, I walked in the harsh cold of Siberia.
Notice: Im sorry for spelling mistakes.
It made me buy all sorts of books with valuable knowledge, seemingly making me take and incredibly constructive and positive route.
""Here i think this is what i want" "oh well thats interesting, how do you know about this book?
I wanted to follow this line, I wasnt to neglect all of the progress made by the green by inmersing myself in the indulgence of self absorbed adventure of the red.
This one had a yellowish tint.
"worked, the green line lead me not only in the physical plane but also on the Virtual.
The lines became very close to each other and started forming a third line.
""I followed an imaginary green line"  Of course he never believed me that day on my twelveth birthday, but that green line was a game changer, I read the book and acquired an understanding on how "influencing people!
