I mean come on, it's the time of Thanksgiving and the weather starts to get colder so everyone just assumes it's okay to let themselves go by shoveling things into their mouth.." Gluttony appraises me with a thumbs up and a cascade of cracker crumbs coming out of his mouth as he mutters "Thanks Pride!
Which is fine since all of them look pretty but still it is a struggle to get his attention.
"Envy is not communicative, instead turning to his sister and arguing that the red jewel would look much better on him.
On top of that, the winter is really starting to drag on and everyone is angry at the weather, wanting it to get warmer.
"Just don't take my bubblegum pink lipstick, only I can pull off that color.
"I look around in a dainty looking spin only to find that Lust is nowhere to be found until I can hear the sound of kissing from her bedroom.
"Envy, your month is obviously August.
Ugh, this is MY TIME, the attention is supposed to be on me!I walk over steaming and knock loudly only to hear her say     "I am a bit busy Pride!I have a lady friend over do you mind if we talk later?
Running my fingers through my hair to ensure it fell just the right way as they trained their eyes on me, I smiled "What do you mean you all don't have any months devoted to you?""Gluttony!
"I gasp out as I catch the skinny, jeweled, middle aged woman slipping a piece of currency out of my Louis Vuitton handbag.
"I state with a swish of my hand through my hair.
"here and there between Envy and Angers fuming.&#x200B;  Then, I got an idea.&#x200B;  "Guys shut up!I will not strain my voice so quiet down..." I waited until I heard was the sound of Gluttony gulping down soda from a two liter bottle and the sound of small "ding"s from Lust's phone as Tinder notification after notification popped up.
Everyone is getting out of the holidays and realizing just how much weight they gained and they now have some sort of year goal bred from anger at themselves that they have to accomplish.
It's when the end of summer is so close and you suddenly realize that you didn't do so many things that other people got to do, get to do soon or have and all you want is to take it from them.
I swear that if this leaves any wrinkles on my gorgeous face...   No amount of explanation that June is "Pride month" in the way of sexuality and gender identity freedom seemed to calm the group down.
I clutch at the bridge of my nose in an attempt to calm my headache as Anger continues to pace back and forth fuming at me.
""Actually I am a dude"   "Oh honey I am so sorry.
"I roll my eyes and call back out to my pansexual friend "I was just saying that February is definitely your own month considering the fact that Valentine's Day is smack in the middle and all anyone can think about the entire time is getting with someone and/or getting some.
Even Sloth, who was usually a shapeless mass of gunk, was putting in the effort to create a human-like shape sleeping on the couch with half of her hair straightened and the rest frizzed just to show me that she was bitter about it by spouting "I don't even care!
Anger is almost immediately in my face "Why the fuck am I last?Am I the least important to you-" I cut him off with a finger on his lips "Shhh look into my pretty eyes, believe me you are not the least important, your month actually starts the year.
